ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
in the same; therefore, that those who had occu-
pied the Delaware lands should be protected in
their occupancy. I do not agree with the hon-
orable gentleman, Mr. Chairman, and, with due
deference to him, he will permit me to say, that I
doubt if many others will. We passed a pre-
emption law, it is true; but, sir, what did it oper-
ate upon? Simply, sir, upon such lands as we
owned in fee, and not upon those lands which we
had taken in trust for specific purposes, clearly
and unmistakably pointed out by law. _And does
any one pretend that those who occupy these
lands, had not sufficient notice of the risks they
run? Why, sir, the plea of ignorance cannot be
supported for a moment. I hold in mjr hand the
report of the Secretary of the Interior in answer
to the resolution of inquiry of this House of Jan-
uary 23d. Mr. Commissioner Manypenny asks of
the Secretary of the Interior the following ques-
tions, August 8, 2854:
" Can settlers, under the authority of the act of July 20,
1854, make locations and obtain preemption of the lands
ceded by the Ioways, Delawares, Wens, &c.?
" Or, is the treaty the paramount law, and must it pre-
vail ?
(t If thfse questions be answered adverse to the right to
preemption settlement's on these cessiioin, there is "still a
view of the case which has been presented to me, and
which, if once established m the mind of the settler, would
effectually amount to a denial of a faithful fulfillment of (he
stipulations of these treaty provisions. It I** (his : That
although the Government is bound to the Indians, by the
treaties, to sell the lands at public sale, &c., and pay the
proceeds of the sales to them, less the cost of surveying,
managing, and selling, yet the preemption law, as between
the settler and the Government, may be considered in the
light of a contract, and that the Government will he bound
to give tin* lands alluded to to the settlers who comply with
the law of July 23, 1854, at the sum of $1,50 per acre.
" Is this so ?"
These interrogatories were submitted to the At-
torney General, and on the 14th of the same month
Mr. Gushing replies. After reviewing the whole
question, he says:
" Not to observe a treaty to violate a deliberate and
express engagement. To violate such engagements of a
treaty with any toreign power affords, of course, good cause
of war. When Congress takes upon itself to disregard the
provisions of any foreign treaty, it infringes the same in the
exercise of sovereign right, and voluntarily aecepN the ca-
sus belli, as when, m 1798,it annulled the treaties between
the United States and France.
"There is a distinction, undoubtedly, between a treaty
with a foreign Power and a treaty with Indians, who are
subjects of the United States. Examples may he cited of
acts of Congress which operate so as to modily or amend
treaties with Indians. As their sovereign and their guard-
ian, we have occasionally assumed to do this, acting in
their interest and our own, and not in such case violating
engagement** wnh (hem, but seeking to give a more ben 11-
cial effect to such engagement; for, though they be weak,
and we stioug, they subjects, and we makers, yet they are
not the less entitled to the exercise towards them of the
most scrupulous good faith on the part of the United Statin.
" It is not to be inferred, because Congress may in some
cases tuve modified by legislation thi*  or that incident of
Indian relations for th< ir hem lit, or under paramount polit-
ical exigency, that, theiefore, Congress intended, before the
ink had become dry on these treaties with the Delawares,
foway*, and Weus, lo violate those treaties, and to do this
deliberately and wantonly for the petty object of enabling
a few individuals to obtain lands at (he minimum puce
rather than at the price of public sale, and so to inflict a
wrong and a loss to that amount, on the Indians.
" 1 tee! entire confidence in the belief that Congress had
no such discreditable lutentionin fact, and assuredly, &uch
is not the legal intendment of the act of Congress
tl As for the. td''a fcuggested in behalf of th<-se individuals
that the act of Congress raises a contract between the set-
tlers and the Government, it is a singular obliquity of
vision which perceives a contract  n that act, aud fails to
see any in the several treaties wnh the Indians. The
obviou^ answer to the suggestion is, that no implication of
legislative contract between (he Government and individ-
uals can be raised by a mere violation of law.
11 In fine, my opinion is, that the act of Congress give*
preemption only in such of those lands ceded as are not
required first to be oflered at public sale; ihat the lands
ceded by the Delawares, Ioways, and Weas, under condi-
tion of being first offered at pu he sale, are no more
opened to preemption by the act of Congiess, than wa* the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth ; that those lands
cannot be taken up by sealers under claim of preemption;
and that all claims of preemption there will be merely void
in law, and will confer no right, now or hereafter, on which
to demand the issue of a patent from the Commissioner of
Public Lands.
" Moreover, it will be the duty of the President to main-
tain, by force, if need be, the plighted faith of the United
States in this behalf."
And this decision,Mr. Chairman, wentinto the
Territory at the heels of the preemption law. Can
it be possible, then, sir, that any person was misled
by that law. I think not, sir. I am confident
none were misled by it, and I am the more con-
firmed in that opinion by the correspondence I hold
in my hand.
But what will be the effect of the motion made
by thegentleman from Missouri.' It will place all
these lands in the hands of those who have squatted
upon them, at nominal prices. We all know, sir,
how these matters are conducted ? Publish your
land sale! Let it be understood that the lands may
sell without valuation, and what will be the effect.
What western man does not understand squatter
law ? Why, sir, hundreds of claims will be log-
rolled together, and under the " you favor me,
and I'll favor you" system, and the perils attend-
ing adverse bidding:, not an acre of these lands
will bring over $1 25. And the gentleman from
Kansas says you cannot sell lands for more than
$1 25 per acre, and experience has demonstrated
it. I cannot concur in such opinion, Mr. Chair-
man. Experience, at least my experience, has
demonstrated other things. But be this as it may,
I have no disposition to argue any such question.
The treaty says that an effort shall be made to
sell them for more; we have pledged our faith to
attempt to sell them for more. I insist upon the
reaty. I insist upon the effort to sell as we agreed
to sell.
But how are we to understand the gentleman
from Kansas? Cannot these lands be sold for
more than $1 25 per acre. Let me recur again
to the answer of the Secretary of the Interior to
our resolution of inquiry. I find there letters from
certain Indian agents to the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs. Let me quote two of them:
Pottawatomie and Kansas Agency. )
November 7, 1654. )
Sin: I deem it my duty again to call vour attention, and
that of the Commissioner of Indian Affair*?, to the subject
of (ho half-breed Kansas reservations. Speculators are
(raveling through the Territory purchasing from the half-
breeds their jeservations of land; taking their deeds
without any other consideration than promissory notes,
payable when the President confirms the pale. In some
instances the notes given for the deeds are only for four and
five hundred dollars, making the consideiation at the late
of sixty and seventy cents per acre, whereas the lands can
be sold at any moment lor six or seven dollars per acre.
G. W. CLARKE.
G. W. Manypenny, Connmssioner of Indian s.
And, a£air>, Mr. Chairman, in the same docu-
ment, I find the following from the gentleman
from Kansas himself, dated November 6, 1854:
"Pardon me for meddling with, perhaps, other men><?
business. Recent trail-actions have taken place here, that
1 helieve, a-- an oflieer of the Indian Depai tment, it is my
duty to let you know ; and what I state I am willing for you
to let the President see, as I shall make no statement but
what can be well substantiated. Governor Reoder reached
Fori Levenworth a abort lime ago, remained five days, and
left, as was reported, on an exploring expedition ; but in-
stead of that, n turns out that his object was to buy land
claims and to have others made. lie went to the Potta-
watomie nation, where he remained about a week. During
that time he was engaged in purchasing Kavv half breed
claims nt less than half their value, say §2 50 per acre,
taking then deeds, and giving notes payable when the Presi-
dent confers the title; in addition to that, he has had thir-
teen claims made on this land, (paying five dollars for each
foundation.) His having claims located, has induced
others to lollow the example of his excellency, and at this
time I suppose every footof this land is taken." * * * *
" It is certainly a very bad example for the Governor to be
setting. In-lead of mi laming the President in treaties that
have long sinee been made, he is the first man to gtve him
trouble. I desire to see those Indian* get a fair price for
their land " * * * * " I have no money to buv, which
you well know j but to show and prove what I have said
about hi* not paying more than half price, I am authorized
by a company of gentlemen to say to you, and desire you
to say to the President, that they will ^ive five dollars per
acre tor the twenty three sections owned by the half breed
Kaws. I do not advise you to consent to their having the
land at th;u puce—I merely want to show that men (not
Governor*.) will give each one $1,500 more than the Gov-
ernor proposes.
" I presume the deeds for the land will reach Washington
in a lew day*, arid it the President is aware of the tacts I
have noideahe will thmk ofconfirming the contracts."
Now, sir, I desire the country to know how the
gentleman from Kansas wishes to be understood.
Are these lands in Kansas, protected by treaty
stipulations, worth more than $1 25 per acre? Let
the extracts above cited answer the question. Mr.
Chairman, can we doubt that many of them are
worth five timea that sum? I do not doubt it.
Mr. Clarke did not doubt it. The gentleman from
Kansas, himself, did not doubt it, while an officer
of the Indian department. Then, why can they
not be sold for more than $1 25 per acre? Do gen-
tlemen doubt the power of the Government to en-
force its treaty faith and its laws ? Do they believe
that private combinations are stronger than the
Constitution and laws? I know of no other con-
clusion to adopt, Mr. Chairman, m the considera-
tion of the question.
Sir, let us meet this question properly. Let us
try to do right. There is merit in that, at least,
and if, unfortunately , we are compelled to succumb
to wrong and injustice, let us have, at least, the
approval of consciences void of guilty intent. I
think, sir, the history of this whole Delaware
transaction a singular one, an unfortunate one,
sir, to give it no harsher name. Scarcely was pub-
lic attention turned to Kansas, before speculation,
wrong, and trespass followed I think, with the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orb.,] that
humanity requires us to act.
In the first place, sir, you call to this metropolis
of your nation the chiefs and head men of a once
mighty nation. You ask them to cede their homes,
and to become again God-forsaken wanderers upon
the face of a country upon which they once had
more power than yourselves. They were once
mighty; they are now feeble; and when, half-
starved and ill-clad, they had answered your call,
and stood here with the symbols of your power
and greatness around them, they asked of you
only protection, only for the boon of living in
peace, and dying without being impoverished by
injustice. Their minds were filled with doubt and
with distrust. Examples were not wanting to point
out to them the unerring consequences of our con-
fidence. They did not wish to wander again.
They had no hope but in civilization. They had
experienced some of the benefits of civilized life;
they desired to know more of it. They hesitated
many days, and finally treated; in what manner,
and upon what condition, has been already devel-
oped. They treated, and returned to their homes.
Speculation followed apace. It coiled around and
about the nation, and but a few months after we
had solemnly pledged our faith to these weak and
dependent Indians, we are asked, for individual
advantage, to break our word with them, and to
admit our incapacity to make good our treaties.
Sir, to me this is mortifying in the extreme.
Mr. Cushing says, in his opinion of the 14th
of August last:
" Moreover, it wili be the duty of the President to main-
tain, by force if need be, the plighted fanb of the United
Suites in this behalf."
Sir, if this was the duty of the President, I
much regret that, it was not exercised at the proper
time; and just men throughout the whole country
will have ample room to wonder why the Execu-
tive of the nation did not exercise the power given
him by law, when it was first apparent that these
trespasses were commencing. Certainly igno-
rance cannot be plead in extenuation, for as early
as September 26, 1854, an officer, the chief of the
Indian Bureau himself, called the attention of the
Executive to what was passing in Kansas, being
himself upon the ground, and an eye-witness to
the proceedings there.
The repeated solicitations of this officer have
evoked no response. No efficient interference has
been the result of the repeated and urgent rep-
resentations of that honest and capable officer.
Far from it; so far, indeed, that, if we may trust
the correspondence to which I have so frequently
alluded, the only effect of the interference of this
gentleman, honestly desirous of discharging his
duty, has been to call down upon his head the
bitterness and abuse of those implicated in these
unlawful acts. The military, Mr. Chairman, in
Kansas—certain officers stationed there to execute
laws, and not to violate thein~~have appeared in this
conflict, and, with sword and shield hung upon
the willow, in these piping times of peace, they
have magnanimously turned from the duty of
drilling and maneuvering to the less onerous and
more profitable field of speculation.
But, sir, wherever the wrong is, and by whom
committed, it is proper to rebuke it For my
own part, I believe, if there was neither an
officer or soldier sent into the Indian country,
and very few left in any branch of the national
service, it would be infinitely better for the country
at large—her reputation, and her finances. But,
sir, if Army officers are to become speculators in
town sites; if they are to become concerned in the
occupation of Indian lands, without the color of
law, I shall still insist that their privileged faces
shall not be turned with contempt against the civil
authority, that they shall not abuse civil officers
in the service of the Government, unless their
hands are clean in the meanwhile. Nor, sir, do I
imagine it contributes in a very great degree to the
honor or glory of our country, when civil officers,
sent into our Territories " to execute laws, and
not to violate them," are the first to set the example
