THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1855.
New Series....No. 62.
of purchasing Indian lands, for a mere nominal
consideration, and in contravention of law.
I had hoped, sir, for a full discussion of this
question; but the pressure.of public business'has
prevented it. Let U3 then, sir, in our action upon
this amendment, maintain our plighted faith.
Mr. DiSNEY. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] has moved to amend, by striking
out a portion of the Senate Amendment. Now,
sir, for the purpose of enabling me to submit a
few remarks upon the subject of that amendment,
and to conform to the rules of parliamentary law,
I move to amend the words proposed to be stricken
out. I move to amend by striking out the word
"public " in the fourteenth line, so that the clause
will read: "He shall cause such lands to be offered
at sale." Now, sir, in the five minutes to which
I am entitled, I will endeavor to speak as rapidly
as possible.
_The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is only entitled to three minutes.
Mr. DISNEY. Ifthe Chair gives that construc-
tion to the rule, 1 will take my seat at once. I de-
sire to know why I am not entitled to five minutes?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
occupied about three minutes before he submitted
his amendment.
Mr. DISNEY. I occupied no time in discus-
sion. I understand the rule to allow a member
five minutes to speak upon his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will give the
construction to the rule which he has already in-
dicated.
Mr. DISNEY. I simply desire to state that
the amendment which came from the Senate was
an amendment which originated with myself. As
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, it
became my duty to investigate the facts connected
with this case. The result of my investigation
is given in the amendment which came from the
Senate, and is now under consideration; which
amendment I had the honor to submit to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, who gave it his con-
currence, and also to present it to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, in the Senate; which commit-
tee also concurred in it. It was inserted by the
Senate in this bill, as a matter of policy to save
time, rather than to introduce an original bill for
the purpose.
Now, sir, the facts of the case were substan-
tially stated on yesterday by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] It is perfectly evi-
dent that these men are trespassing upon the rights
of the Indians. They are under no legal qgrthority
whatever. And this amendment is intended sim-
ply for the purpose of protecting the rights of
the Delaware Indians, who this Government has
covenanted by solemn treaty stipulations to pro-
tect. The object of the amendment, requiting
these lands to be appraised and placed at public ;
pale at their valuation, is to protect the rights of
the Indians against an organization which, if it
does not already exist, will be made to defeat en-
tirely the objects of a public sale at a fair valuation
of these Indian lands.
So far as the reasoning of the gentleman from
Kansas is concerned, or so far as any reasoning
coming from whatever quarter it may, to show
that these parties upon the lands of the Delawares
are not trespassers there, I do not think it neces- ;
sary to say a single word in reference to it. There \
is not a lawyer in the land, I apprehend, of any j
standing, who will not sustain the Attorney Gen- j
era! in the opinion he has given upon this subject. !
Sir, they are there in violation of treaty stipula-
tions, and in violation of the rights of the Indians
themselves.
Sir, this amendment, as I stated, had its origin-
ality with myself: but, sir, it has the approval of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in this House,
of the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate,
of the Secretary of the interior, of the Land Office,
and of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. And, sir,
no scheme has been devised by which the rights
of those Indians can be 'protected except that
indicated in the amendment now before us..
62
Mr. ORR. Without the proviso?
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly, without the proviso.
That was placed there in the Senate, and with it
I had nothing to do. It will be perceived that the
amendment provides not only for the ordinary
legal subdivisions of land, but also for town lots;
for these parties have not only taken possession
of the ordinary farming lands, but they have.also
laid off town lots for the purpose of furnishing
building sites.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know how another amendment can be
offered to the amendment submitted by me ? My
amendment was an amendment in the second
degree.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri moved to strike out a
portion of the forty-fifth amendment of the Sen-
ate; the gentleman from Ohio proposed to perfect
the portion proposed to be stricken out, which
was in order.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I have no question to
submit.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to say a word in
reference to the proviso which the Senate inserted
at the end of their amend ment. It was at my sug-
gestion, sir, that that proviso was put in. I re-
quested a fuend in the Senate to procure its inser-
tion, which he did. And, sir, permit me to say,
that it is a matter of considerable importance that
it should be inserted. It is, in my opinion, the
only way by which wc can prevent difficulty in
that Territory. I say, sir, that it was at my sug-
gestion that this proviso was inserted, and I am
responsible for it. The gentleman from Ohio has
referred to certain town lands taken by these par-
ties. I presume he has reference to the town of
Leavenworth.
Mr. DISNEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Well, sir, I will say to
the gentleman from Ohio, that it is a question
whether Leavenworth is included in the Delaware
lands or not. Sir, some of the ablest lawyers in
the city of Washington have given it as their
opinion that it is not. And furthermore, the gen-
tleman from Ohio says that there is no lawyer of
standing in the country who would not concur
with the Attorney General in the opinion that
those people occupying the Delaware lands are
trespassers. I desire to state to the gentleman
from Ohio that there are lawyers—yes, sir, and
some of the best lawyers in the city of Washing-
ton—who say they are not trespassers, but have
the right to settle there.
And still further, I desire to say that I have
never learned that the opinions of the Attorney
General are the law of the land. In my view, his
opinions should be regarded as of no higher im-
portance than those of other able lawyers in the
country, and of no higher importance than the opin-
ions of some of the able lawyers who have given
it as their opinion that, by the treaty with the Del-
aware Indians, the preemption laws of the United
States are extended over their lands, and that these
men had a perfect right to go there and settle as
they have done.
But, sir, I will consume the time of the com-
mittee no longer. I will only say that, if you
establish the value of these lands at a price higher
than the peopleof the Territory are willing to pay,
the result will be the same in Kansas as it was in
Michigan, where the lands remained for years in
the market. Sir, the day has gone by when the
people will pay more than $1 25 an acre for land.
These Indians do not expect any more; they do
not want any more, and we do not intend to give
any more.
Mr. DISNEY. I withdraw my amendment.
I merely offered it, as I. stated at the time, for the
purpose of being able to submit some remarks in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The forty-fifth amendment of the Senate, as
amended; was then concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
SfcO. 6. Jindhe it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, as now provided by law, an additional agent, at
the annual salary of ,$ 1,000, to reside among the Kansas
Indians, as required by the sixth article of the treaty of
January 14, 1846, and to be charged with the duties therein
specified, and to continue as long as the President may
deem such agency to be advantageous to the said Indians;
and also one otiier agent for the Kickapoos, at the same
saiary and upon the same tenure.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment, with an amendment, which is to strike out
the words " and also one other agent for the
Kickapoos, at the same salary and upon the same
tenure." ,
Mr. ORR. Before the vote is taken upon that
proposition I desire to offer an amendment to the
words proposed to be stricken out. My amend-
ment is as follows:
After the word "Kickapoos," strike cut the words '■ a£
the &ame salary," and insert in lieu thereof " at an annual
saiary of $1,500."
The amendment of the Senate, ae it nowstands,
proposes that the salary shall be $1,000. This
Kickapoo agent disburses annually a sum of some
§60,000 or §70,000 among the Indians.
At the present time, this agent is not only su-
pervising the Kickapoos, but some other tribes;
and he is removed a considerable distance from
the Kickapoos—some forty miles. The Kicka-
poos are surrounded entirely by whites, and it is
necessary, in my judgment, and in that of others
who have looked into this matter, that the agent
should reside within the limits of the agency, for
the purpose of protecting the Indians against the
frauds and impositions that may be attempted
upon them by the whites; and also for the pur-
pose of protecting the whites against the depre-
dations which they might be inclined to commit.
Whilst I am not very solicitous on the subject, I
think that the clause ought to be first amended and
then retained.
Mr. HAVEN. One word in reference to this
matter. The proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina is, in substance, to amend this
provision which gives an agent to the Kickapoo
Indians; and he proposes not only to do that, but
to increase the compensation from what the other
agents get, and what agents generally get, and
which is $1,000 to $1,500.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to say a word ?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I merely desire to say
that the agent of the Kickapoos is removed from
them some forty miles, and that it is impossible
for him to discharge his duty living so far from
them. In addition to that, I will say that the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is the amendment of the
Senate as it was adopted; but a mistake was made
in the enrollment of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I defer always with a great deal
of pleasure to the judgment of my ffiend from
South Carolina in these matters, but I must be
allowed to say that I do not see the reason first for
i duplicating the agency, and then adding fifty per
cent, to the salary—raising it from §1,000 to
§1,500. Now, it may he, and, from the informa-
tion which he and the Delegate from Kansas give
us, it very likely is true, that there ought to be
another agency, although we ought to* look into
that with a little care. But if there is another
agency created—even though the agent may have
charge of $70,000—is that any reason why, when
the work ts decreased, the salary should be in-
creased §500 ?
Now, I hope that—although this is not a matter
of very great consequence—if these offices are
duplicated in this way, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina will be voted down,
leaving the two agents on the same footing as to
salary—#1,000 a year.
Mr. ORR. W hile it is true the agents have
been duplicated, the work has been greatly in-
creased. Heretofore the agents for the Kickapoos
distributed but a few thousand dollars—a small
