080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
amendment. My friend from North Carolina
proposes to allow commissioners to take affidavits
in reference to their duties, and affairs committed
to them in the Indian territories, but not to allow
them to take proof of wills, deeds and other in-
struments. 1 do not think that is objectionable, if
it is allowed to go no further.
Mr. ORR. I intend to move an amendment if
the Senate's amendment be concurred in; but I
have no objection to its being stricken out.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred irt.
The fifty-second amendment was reported as
follows:
Sac. 12. Jlnd be it farther enacted^ That from an<1 after
the passage of this act, the salary of the central superin-
tendent of the Indian affairs for the central superinten-
dency shall be $2,500 per annum, and for that purpose the
Bum of $500 13 hereby appropiiated in addition to Hie exist-
ing appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I movo fro forma to increase the
appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, on reading this amendment at
first, [ was inclined to agree with the Committee of
Ways and Means in non-concurrence. Since then,
1 have received information in reference to the
duties of this office, which has changed my opinion,
r think that.the salary of the central superintend-
ent ought to be increased. He is charged with the
disbursement of upwards of £1,500,000. His bond
is a heavy one. He is compelled to travel long
distances at considerable expense, and with this
responsibility of disbursement, a responsibility
which has been increased by the treaties negoti-
ated during the last summer.
With regard to the question of responsibility, I
did not reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Haven,] when he objected to
paying for increased responsibility of the Ivicka-
poo agency. I will now say that, in my judg-
ment, an agent is entitled, in justice and equity, to
increase ot' compensation where large sums of
money are placed in his hands for disbursement.
If he is robbed, if he loses the money in any way,
he has to make it good with the Government. If
he were paid a commission on his disbursements
then what he received would pay for the respon-
sibility. But here additional compensation ought
to be given to this agent on account of his great
additional responsibility. His pay should be
commensurate with 1ns responsibility; for, if he
merely attended to his superintendency in over-
looking the sub-agents, hisduties would be lighter
and his responsibility small compared with that
he now bears. I hope the amendment may be
concurred m.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, on the contrary
I hope, though not very strongly, that the amend-
ment may lie non-concurred m. 1 am not very
particular about it, but we ought to do right. It
is true that these gentlemen should receive a fair
compensation; but I do not think that any duties
have been thrown upon this superintendent which
would make it necessary for us, at this time, to
increase his compensation. He lives at St. Louis,
•if 1 am correctly informed. 1 do not suppose that
he is there liable to robbery by the Indians, or
any vicissitudes of that description. His money
is deposited in the sub-treasury in theit city; and
when it is to be carried into tiie Indian country
this Government furnishes and pays for i's guard
and transportation. For that reason 1 do not see
any propriety in concurrence m the amendment.
You and I know, Mr. Chairman, however, that
when any loss happens to any of these agents, or
other public officers, they come here and ask, and
usually are not disappointed in having that loss
made up to them. We see this House almost
constantly passing bills for canceling bonds of
sureties in cases of this and similar description.
1 do not think that this agent, or any other, is
likely fo be overcharged or overburdened with
public duties, and { repeat that I hope the amend-
ment may not be concurred in. In saying thus
much 1 do not wish to urge objection beyond the
bounds of propriety. 1 think that the piesent
com;'enaction is sufficient.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, it was at
my suggestion that this amendment was put upon
the bill hy the Senate. Tt was done without the
solicitation of the superintendent. He had no
idea that such a thing was proposed. 1 did it as
an Set of simple justice to a faithful officer; for his
duties have been'enlarged so much by the action
of the Government in recent treaties with the In-
dian tribes that, in my opinion, justice does demand
for him this increase of compensation.
On entering office he gave a $40,000 bond; now
he has to gives $100,000 bond. He is required,
when necessary, to travel from the head of the
Arkansas river to the head of the Missouri river.
He is now under orders for the head of the Mis-
souri river.' He does more duty than any other
superintendent of the Government. He disburses
more money, and as an act of justice to him I hope
this amendment will be passed. He does not ask
it himself; 1 ask for him.
Mr. HAYEN. My friend furnishes an addi-
tional reason why the amendment should be voted
down. It seems that this is the work of a gen-
eral roving philanthropy on the part of my friend
from Kansas. He says that this increase of com-
pensation has been on his motion, and without
solicitation on the part of the superintendent. If
this man's pay be insufficient we had better wait
until he finds it out himself, and asks for an in-
crease. When he suys that it is insufficient we
might tell him that it would be better for him to
leave the place, as there were hundreds willing to
take it at the compensation which he was paid.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw my amendment.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the fifty-second amendment of the Senate; and
being taken, was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to*
Fifty-third amendment:
Amend the title by adding to the end thereof, "and for
othei purposes."
Mr. HARLAN, of Indiana. Before the com-
mittcc proceed to the consideration of that amend-
ment, I have an amendment to propose to the
original language of the lull,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. !t it? not in order to amend the original
bill. There is nothing under consideration except
the Senate amendments, and no amendment can
be offered to them unless it is germane to them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and decides that the amend-
ment cannot be offered to the original bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I will oiler it as an independ-
ent section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that^!
it is not m order to offer an amendment as an
additional section. The question is on the adop-
tion of the Senate amendment.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER, i move to lay aside this
bill, and take up the Senate amendments to the
bill of the House (No. 56:2) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year endino*
the 30th of June, 1856.
Mr. WHEELER.* I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate amendments
of the Indian appropriation bill having been all
disposed of, the Chair thinks the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia is in order.
Mr. HAVEN. If u is agreeable to the gentle-
man from Virginia, 1 would suggest that the com-
mittee had better rise and dispose of the amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bill in the
House, and then go back into committee and take
up the Army bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. As the gentleman sug-
gested yesterday, there may be some danger that
the Hou.se wdi not %>> into Committee of the
Whole again if they rise. I would prefer that we
should £o on with the Army bill now.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. I will not be in
the gentleman's v/ay.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to laying aside
this bill, as the gentleman from Virginia suggests.
Mr. FAULKNER. Can one mcmberprevent
the proposition I have made from being carried
out ? Is riot the iriotton in order?
1 he CHAIRMAN. The motion is in order,
and will be put to the committee.
.The question was put-, and the motion agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate was reported
as follows;
For pay, supplies, and traveling expenses of six compa-
nies oi Texas volunteers, called into service by the Gov-
ernor of Texas, and mustered into the service of the UaiteS
States, $-137,755 38.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com- *
mittee of Ways and Means to recommend that
the House concur in this amendment. The esti-
mates from the War Department recommending
it have been-presented to the House and*printed.
I suppose it is not necessary to have them read..
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was re-
ported, as follows:
Page 2, line twenty-four, strike out 44 J04,855 " and in-
sert "381,066 7.);" so that the pniagraph wiil read :
For sub.-istenoe in kind, $1 ,081,066 75.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment. It is restoring- the estimates which were
submitted to us at the commencement of the ses-
sion.
The question was put; and the amendment coiv-
curred in.
Mr. PHELPS. The third and fourth amend-
ments of the Senate relate to the armories. I ask
that they may be considered in connection with
each other.
The amendments were read, as follows:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, $54,000
For new machinery at Harper's Ferry armory, ,$20,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, in considering these
amendments of the Senate, have agreed to" recon-
sider their former action, and to recommend a
concurrence in the amendments.
Mr. ROWE. I move to amend the third
amendment providing for the Springfield armory,
by adding, at the end, the following;
And for material?, tools, machinery, and labor, furnished
by Doan S, Howard, in painting four steam-dredge boats m
u- p, by the Witr Depaitment, on Lakes Cfiamplain, Erie,
Michigan, and Ontario, $1,G9S 15.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. I could not hear the amendment distinctly,
but it strikes me, from what 1 did hear, that it ia
not in order. I think it is a private claim.
Mr. ROWE. It is recommended by the War
Department. I have here a letter from that De*
partmerit, and also a communication from the
Bureau of Topographical Engineers, showing that
the appropriation is requised.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, aa
near as he can guess, that it is a private claim,
and if so, it i« out of order as an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. ROWE. An appropriation of $20,000
wan made by the Thirty-Second Confess for
building these boats. But it was found'that the
appropriation for building them did not include
the painiing of them. When they we re built, of
course they must be painted; but there was no
appropriation out of which they could be painted.
This is to pjy for the painting them. It certainly
is not in fhr* nature of a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in otfler to this bill.
Mr, HENN. J desire to ask why there is an
appropriation tor machinery for the armories in
two different places in the bil! ? I notice such an
appiopiiafion in the original bill, and again in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I will tell the gentleman. The
Committee of Ways and Means reported an ap-
propriation for machinery at the Harper's Ferry
armory, in accordance with the estimates which
were originally sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Subsequently it was determined to
rifle the present muskets,and hence new machinery
was required, and a new appropriation was of
course required.
■\*r* T?rrr^\ Why not place them all together?
Mr PHELPS. The amendment
was m pur-
suance of supplemental estimates, which were sent
to the Senate.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman,! move
to increase the appropriation for the armorv.at
Harper * Ferry the sum of $10,000. I off** fhis
amendment for the simple purpose of enable me
to r«p,n.l to the inqn.ries of the gentleman From
iowu, |ivlr. Huxrw,] and also to do justice to tha
skii and genus of the mechanics of tho tumoral
armory nt Harper's Perry. The gentle-ntm from
Iowa inquires why this appropriation for
machinery at the national armories ? I tell him it
