1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLCM5E.
983
tleman from Massachusetts, I would suggest an
amendment something like this:
Provid-i, Thai the buildings constructed at the national
armories for the occupition of the superintendents of the
armories shall, as heictofore, be appropriated for the use of
the superintendents of said armories without charge.
Mr. BANKS. 1 had intended to move an
amendment, if it was in order to do so. The
amendment the gentleman from Maryland has
suggested would meet my views.
Mr. PHELPS. Jf the gentleman will permit
the question to be taken upon the amendmentnow
pending, then it would be in order for him to offer
an amendment.
Mr. KERR. I move that the committee rise.
1 understand that the residence of the honorable
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] is on
fire, and that there is a good deal of excitement
prevailing in regard to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock for the
purpose of general debate.
Mr. WITTE. I desire to ask this question of
the Chair; whether any business will be done this
evening after the committee shall rise ? That was
the understanding yesterday evening when the
recess was taken, but it was violated.
The CrlAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is, that the committee take
a recess until seven o'clock, and it is for the pur-
pose of general debate, and that only.
The question was taken upon Mr. Jones's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The committee then, a,t four o'clock, took a re-
cess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee, according to order, resumed its
session at seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. R.UFFIN, who was entitled to thefloor,
yielded to 
Mr. WALBRIDGE, who addressed the com-
mittee on the subjectof our maritime rights. He
contended that the present juncture in the affairs
of the belligerents of Europe rendered it necessary
that we should declare our maritime rights as a
neutral Power and a member of the family of na-
tions. He also argued in favor of the enforcement
of the Monroe doctrine of resistance to any at-
tempt at European interference in the affairs of
this continent, and urged legislation on the sub-
ject by Congress.
Mr. RUFFIN next obtained the floor. He
gave the reasons which influenced his vote on the
atlti-Know-No'.bing resolutions introduced some
time since by Mr. Witte. He could conceive
of no evil, either real or imaginary, existing or
supposed to exist in this country, which could
justify American freemen in forming secret, oath-
bound, political associations. They might do for
the despotism of Russia and Austria, but in a
country like this there could certainly be no ne-
cessity for them. He replied to the speech of Mr.
Smith, of Alabama, and argued that there was
a striking similarity between the order of Jesuits
and the order of Know-Nothings. lie entered
into an argument to prove the abolition tenden-
cies of the new party, and declared that he was as
much opposed to the introduction of foreign pau-
pers and criminals into this country as anybody,
and was in favor of the most stringent laws on
the subject; but well disposed .foreigners should
not be punished on account of this bad class of
immigrants. But a year or so ago the northern
people made gods and goddesses of show-girls
and fiddlers; but now they were attempting to ex-
clude thern fiom their State3. He referred to the
office-seeking propensities of the Know-Nothing ;
party, and alluded to their even having banded
themselves together to obtain possession of the
management of the Washington Monument, turn-
ing out such men as Winficld Scott, Mr. Seaton,
General Jones, Mr. Whittlesey, and others—
striking the eagle from his aerie to put in a mous-
ing owl.
Mr. ENGLISH next addressed the committee.
He spoke in reference to the present condition and
management of the Smithsonian Institution. Al-
though not entirely approving of all that had been
done, he must say that when he reflected upon the
vastness of the subject, and that Congress was ten
years in adopting even the outlines of a plan for
the organization of the institution, hs thought that
its present condition was not only encouraging,
but a subject of congratulation rather than of cen-
sure of those who were charged with the manage-
ment of its affairs. He highly lauded the man-
agement of the institution. Having concluded,
Mr. GOODWIN addressed the committee at
length in favor of a bill which he had given notice
he would introduce to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska, and forbidding
its introduction and establishment into any Terri-
tory of the United States. He had sought an
opportunity to introduce this bill, but in vain, and
should embrace the first opportunity to do so.
Mr. UPHAM. Mr. Chairman, I had intended,
at an early period of the session to present my
views to the House upon two subjects, namely,
in favor of the proposition offered by the honor-
able member from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
mak,] recommending a mediation by the Govern-
ment of the United States in the eastern war, and
also on the subject of the business corporations of
Massachusetts, which one of my colleagues [Mr.
Banks] brought conspicuously to the notice of
this body in a speech delivered in the early part
of the session. When it was proclaimed and pro-
nounced, and considered as settled, that we should
not have an opportunity of presenting our views
in free debate, I deposited on paper the remarks
which I designed to make, intending to ask leave
of the House to -have them printed. Since free-
dom of debate has been acceded to us during this
last week of the session, my mind has been wholly
occupied in the matter in respect to which the
honorable member from Indiana [Mr. English]
has spoken to-night, and in which he has rather
got ahead of me, I think—I have been so wholly
absorbed by it, that I have not been able to call
to mind the matter which 1 had prepared to present
in a written form. It would be mostdi3 greeable
to me, particularly at this hour, and, under my
engagements, quite inconvenient, as well as alto-
gether against my custom and my taste, to read a
speech to the committee. I therefore beg the com-
mittee to be so kind as to consider that, in these
introductory remarks, I have commenced my
speech, and to allow me to hand the rest of it to
the reporters.
Consent was unanimously given.
(These speeches will be found in the A ppendix.]
Mr. HAMILTON. My design is to speak on
the Army appropriation bill; but I do not desire
to consume the time of the committee this even-
ing if I can get the floor to-morrow evening.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman from
Maryland yield the floor to me for the purpose of
submitting a motion that the committee do now
rise?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope my friend from Ma-,
ryland will yield to me for a few moments. It is
well enough that members from the difFerent sec-
tions of the country should properly understand
each other.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maryland yield the floor to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letciier?]
Mr. H AMILTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KESTT. But I believe it ia with the
understanding, however, that the gentleman from
Maryland shall have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. I promise not to occupy
many minutes.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield the floor to the
gentleman.
Mr. GOODE. Before the committee adjourns,
I want my colleague to yield to me for an instant.
I understand, and I am afraid, that an impression
prevails, from a statement made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Upham,] that there
was some occasion on which this clause restricting
slavery in the Northwestern Territory was voted
on, standing separate and alone, by the South.
Now, sir, I do not s&understand the gentleman.
I do not understand liim to say that there ever
was a time when the restriction on southern insti-
tutions was presented to the consideration of Con-
gress, to be inserted into the ordinance of 1787,
as a part of the form of government in that Terri-
tory, when it received the vote of the southern
Representatives. And I deny that it ever was so
voted on by the South.
Mr. LETCHER next obtained the floor, and
replied to the speech of Mr. Goodwin, in the
course of which frequent interruptions and expla-
nations took place. This debate was participated
in by Mr. Hdghjes, Mr. Giddings, Mr. Banes,
and.others; and will be found, with Mr. Letch-
er's speech, in the Appendix.
Mr. LETCHER having concluded—
Mr. HAMILTON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HAVEN, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee rose, and Mr. Letcher having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, the Chair-
man of the committee reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had-
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 555, being the Indian
appropriation bill, and had desired him to report
the same back, some of the amendments with
amendments, and some without amendments, and
some non-concurred in; and that the committee
had also had under consideration House bill No.
562, being a bill to provide for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th June, 1856,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to recommit the Indian
appropriation bill, with the amendments, to the
Committee of Ways and Means. And I desire
to make a further motion, which is to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill No.
265.
Mr. SEWARD. Under the rule the motion
cannot be put to-night.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. It was very evidently the understanding
of the House that no business should be done in
the House proper to-night, and this is business.
Besides, even though the gentleman from New
York can make one motion, he certainly cannot
make two.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentle-
man from New York state what his second motion
was?
Mr. HAVEN. It was to suspend the rules.
But I am not very particular in respect to that, as
I see there is a struggle by so many gentlemen to
get the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, and Mr. McDOU-
GALL appealed to Mr. Campbell to withdraw
his motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio yield to the gentleman from
Oregon ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I should yield to the
gentlemqji I should have half a dozen others ap-
pealing to me to extend the same consideration to
them. Besides, it is very evident that the under-
standing of the House was, that no business of
any' kind should be done at night without a
quorum. I insist on my motion.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. Will the gentleman
yield, so as to let my motion be entered?
, Mr. CAMPBELL, (to the Chair.) The ques-
tion of order, I suppose, is disposed of by the
withdrawal of the second motion made by the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. HAVEN. So far as any withdrawal is
concerned, I would say, that 1 have withdrawn
nothing, because I do not suppose that we can
settle anything here to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I want to know
what is pending ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist on my point of
order, and I shall move for a division of the House
on the first proposition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. TheChair under-
stands that the Speaker, last night, entertained pre-
cisely the same proposition as is now submitted
by the gentleman from New York. The Chair,
therefore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to understand
whether it is one or two motions that have been
made by the gentleman from New York; and
whether, if two, the Chair decides them to be ill
order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There were two
motions made; and the Chair sustains the right of
the gentleman to make them on the principle on
which the same point has been sustained hereto-
fore.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the question of the
Chair, if the gentleman from New York can make
two distinct and separate motions at the earns
