1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
98*
those who purchase under the counties would be
construed as taking date in their purchase from
the period of the grant made to the counties, they
would be saved from the injurious effect of the bill
which they now propose to pass. If they do not
come to that conclusion, I beg to say that I think,
and such is the Commissioner's statement of his
impression, he would be compelled to decide that
they were mistaken, and that the counties could
be only regarded and treated as the States; and
those who purchased individually would have to
take date from the time they made the purchase
from the counties. So that, by that construction,
the constituents of those gentlemen must ulti-
mately suffer, though they may believe they are
protecting and defending their own people, while
injuring other States. Let me read what the Com-
missioner says in relation to the operation of ihe
present.system. We are getting along without
any such law as this; and 1 ask the attention of
the Senate to what the Commissioner says, so that
it may be seen what our condition is without the
passage of any law. All I now ask at the hands
of the Senate is, to keep their hands off. The Com-
missioner says:
" As the matters now stand, investigations are ordered in
such cases, when, if the land is shown to be swamp, the
claim of the State is confirmed ; if not, the sale-< or loca-
tions made by the United States offictrs are continued."
Mr. MASON. Is that under the law of Ar-
kansas ? *
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, under th  operation
of the United States law. But the effect of this
measure is to lead to litigatron—to drive all the
claimants before the courts, and I protest against
it. 1 say you are driving those parties from the
local land offices which are near their homes,
where they can bring their neighbors, and settle
the question without cost and difficulty, and you
compel us to go intodifferent parts of the country.
You drive our citizens into the State courts, and
where non-residents aie concerned, you drive us
into the Federal courts, subject to all the delays
cultivation, and all the complexity which may
be introduced by new points of law, and subject
us to the expense of ail the costs which may be
accumulated by a litigation for a series of years.
All I ask is, that you shall allow these disputes to
be settled in the quiet way in which they are now
settled under the laws. Listen to the language of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office:
" Should the bill pass as proposed, this office would exe-
cute it and issue the patents in all cases of sales &c., by
the United States, leaving contestants to try their rights be-
fore Ihe courts, except whete the sales were made by the
States or comities, anterior to those made by the Govern-
ment officers. No aciion would be bad m such cases, ex-
cept on tile relinquishment by the State."
That is what I say; by the terms of this bill
you protect one class of men who entered swamp
lands at the State offices before another who en-
tered at the United Slates land office; while an-
other man, who entered at the State land office, is
cast to the winds by the terms of the act. This
is proposed, although the United States have no
title, but conveyed it away by an act of Congress
which took effect as a statutory grant, at the very
moment of the passage of the act. That is the
point which was made by my honorable friend
from South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,] at the time,
and which he can better explain than I can. I do
not intend myself to go into any further explana-
tion on that point, but 1 desire to have read some
further extracts from the Commissioner's letter.
He says:
" In answer to your inquiry, further, I have to state, that,
as near as can be'estimated, ihcre are about ettrht hundred
and forty thousand acre - of salesand locations made by the
United States, conflicting with swamp land selections, as
follows:
Illinois, extent of conflietions...   .180.000 acres.
Missouri, " "  12.1,000 "
Mississippi, " (£   50,000
iowa, « "  100.000 "
Louisiana, " "   40/00 "
Michigan, « "   50,000 "
Arkansas, " "   1Q5.000 "
Flout!.1, " "   56 000 "
Wisconsin, " <(  134,000 "
840,000 "
Thus it appears that this is no light matter.
There are entries made by the people all through
the swamp land States in tracts of forty, eighty,
one hundred and sixty, and three hundred and
twenty acres, amounting, in all, to eight hundred
and forty thousand acres, which now stand in con-
flict. What is proposed by this bill? Thatallcon-
flicts arising from the titles in those States to those
eight hundred and, forty thousand acres shall be
taken away from the local land offices, where, as
I said before, they can be settled easily, without
cost, under a process which has not been com-
plained of to any extent; and you compel those
claiming the eight hundred and forty thousand
acres to go into the courts of ihe country, where
the parties litigant will be subjected to all the delay
incident to litigation, and all the costs of court;
and not only that, but they have to endure the
evils of divided jurisdiction—the jurisdiction of the
State courts and of the Federal courts; for a non-
resident can take a case to the Federal courts,
while a resident is confined to the State courts.
I alluded, a short time since, to the position of
the Senator from South Carolina on the legal
point involved in the effect of the act making the
original grant. I would be much obliged to the
honorable Senator if he would now explain his
views upon that point.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am somewhat
complimented by the request of my friend from
Arkansas. I did make a few remarks upon this
subject at one time, but I do not recollect them
now; still, as my friend from Arkansas has
requested it, 1 will state my view of the subject.
The Federal Government made a grant of swamp
lands to the different States in which those lands
were located. The grant is contained in the act
which was referred to, and read yesterday; and I
say that, so far as regards the Federal Govern-
ment, it is a perfect grant to the States, a statutory
grant, and the Federal Government cannot evade,
revoke, or qualify that gre.nt m any way. That
is my opinion upon that point.
Jt is said, however, that the grant could not be
perfected until the issuance of the patent. Why,
sir, the only necessity for the patent was to enable
the States, after the land should be surveyed and
located, to avail themselves of each subdivision
conveyed by this perfect grant. Indeed, they
could avail themselves even by the act itself, with
as much certainty as if the land were described as
running west from such a point to such a point,
and it had not been closed at the different corn-
ers. Suppose that I, or any individual, at that
time had gone in and taken forty or one hundred
and sixty acres within those lines, not exactly
defined, but yet comprehended in the grant of the
Federal Government, 1 should like to know whether
such a locator would have any title at allThe
grant being in the State, is, of course, a para-
mount grant; it is a perfect grant; and an indi-
vidual coming in under the authority, or color of
authority, of the United States, and making a
settlement within those limits, or purchasing the
lands from the United States, acquires no title
whatever; and I say it is not in the power of this
Government to sanctify such a transaction, and it
ought not to do it.
Sir, I have an objection to this measure on
another ground. I think it is a legislative inter-
f rence with the judicial tribunals which are to ad-
judicate these claims, and it is the interposition
of the Federal Government in matters affecting
private rights. 1 say if the State? had a perfect
grant, their alienees ought to be regarded. I con-
tend that the title of the States is a perfect one,
under the act which my friend from Arkansas has
read, merely to be carried out by a patent after
the survey was made. I believe I may go thus
far as a lawyer, and sav, that when the survey*
was made, the State could compel, by mandamus,
one of your proper officers to grant a patent.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have the act before me.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend please read it
for me ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The first section is:
" That to enable the State of Arkansas to construct the
necessary levees and drams to reclaim the swamp ami over-
flowed lands therein, ihe whole of tiio.-x swamp and over-
flowed lands made unfit thereby for cultivation, which shall
remain unsold at the passage of this act, shall be, and tile
same are hereby, granied to said State."
Mr. BUTLER. I hold myself responsible for |
the opinion that, under the terms ot that act, the
grant is a perfect one, so far as regards the Fed-
eral Government. It has passed from us to the
States, and can never be reclaimed. The patent
is a mere evidence of the particular land granted,
and I regard it as unimportant. My friend from
Arkansas has appealed to me on this subject, and
I have given him my opinion that it is a statutory
grant to Arkansas, and that no- individual can
deprive her of it, or acquire any right, under any-
anterior law whatever, as against her.
Before I conclude, allow me to say further, thai
after the appeal which has been made by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas,! think it is the duty of Con-
gress at this time to pause in regard to this matter.
An appeal has been made to our justice. I have
given my opinion, though, I admit, not upon full
information; but it seems to me that when we
decide upon a question affecting so.deeply as this
does private rights and the rights of States, we
ought to do it with more intelligence than we have
now before us. For this reason, 1 think it is but
proper that the appeal which the Senator from
Arkansas has made to our justice should be
responded to. Delay, as he has well said, cai>
hurt no one. Precipitation may hurt a great
many. If we precipitate a decision on this mat-
ter, we may come to a conclusion winch will lead
to great mischief. We ought to leave the door
open for every member to inform himself on the
delicate questions involved in the proposition of
the committee of conference. It does seem to me,
however, to be a very clear case, that when the
grant was made, the land passed from this Gov-
ernment to the State of Arkansas, and that we
had no further control over it, except to perform
the ministerial office of issuing the patent after the
survey.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable Senator
from South Carolina is correct in the legal .opinion
which he gives on examination of that act, then
we are about to order the issuance of patents to
parties who can have no right to them, and to
confer them upon whom will be a violation of
rights secured to others under a previous act of
Congress. It would bean a: tempi at an ex pc:t fuc.io
law, which could be met and resisted nowhere but
in the courts of justice, after litigious and expen-
sive contests. 1 hope this body will not by its
action undertake to bring about such a state of
things.
It appears from the records of the Land Office,
as I have shown, that one hlindred and eighty
thousand acres of land in Illinois are involved in
these conflicting claims. You now propose by
this act to decide them, as far as ycur action can,
in favor of one set of claimants. In the State of
Missouri there are one hundred and twenty-five
thousand acres involved in the same confl.cts of
title between her citizens. In the State of Mis-
sissippi there are fifty thousand acres, and her
Senators-are found btandmg here, with my col-
league and myself, to relieve those citizens from
the unauthorized interference by Congress. The
State of Iowa has one hundred thousand acres
of land involved in the same conflict, in which
different sets of her people profess to own it. In
Louisiana there are only forty thousand acres of
these lands involved in conflict. In the State of
Michigan the same conflicts exist to the amount of
fifty thousand acres. In Arkansas there are one
hundred and twenty-five thousand acres in regard
to which there are conflicts amongst our own
people. In Florida there are thirty-six thousand
acres, and in Wisconsin one hundred and thirty-
four thousand acres.
The State which I have the honor to represent
has a larger amount of these conflicts than any
other State in the Union, with the exception of
Illinois and Wisconsin. Illinois has more than
any other. This bill will have the effect in Illi-
nois, and all the others, of ordering ihe patents for
that quantity of lands to i^sue to thuse who have
entered them in the United States land office,
although the United State-, by the terms of the
original grant, had parted with all her title. The
State of Illinois then, under the terms of this act,
will receive £1 25 an acre from the United States
Treasury for that q-iantity of land, thus drawirg
$225,000 from the Treasury by the passage of
this measure- I acknowledge that is a benefit
which will be done to that State; but, sir, it is
done over the rights of a class of conflicting claim-
ants, who hold under the grant of the State her-
self. Under this measure, in every instance where
it can be proved that the person entering, under
the State, actually entered before the same land
was entered in the United States land office, the
Slate will receive the money for that tract from the
Treasury.
It must be regarded by all, as at least doubtful,
whether the United States did not part with all
