988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
title to those lands by the terms of the grant. The
honorable Senator from South Carolina, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, says the
United States unquestionably did part with the
*egul title, for the statutory grant was equivalent
to°the patent. Here it is proposed-, after the United
States parted with all their title, to pay over the
money received from those to whom they sold
land without any right, into the hands of the State
to whom it had been previously granted. This
must inevitably-lead to difficulties, and must com-
plicate the accounts of the United States land
office.
Let us see in what a position^ this will place the
United States. Take the case of the State Of
Illinois as an example. The United States, we
will suppose, sold the land, after parting with their
title. Then, according to this proposition, they
will transfer the money received from those indi-
viduals to the treasury of the State of Illinois;.but
afterwards, if it is found that the money was
wrongfully paid to Illinois, because the land really
belonged to the United States, the party evicted
from the land will come to the Treasury for the
return of the money which he paid. This Gov-'
ernment will answer that it has paid the money to
Illinois He then will be compelled to come to
Congress to get a special act passed for his relief;
otjcI who can doubt that, under such circumstances,
the money would be returned ?
It seems to me that the result of this measure
vili be to complicate very much the land accounts
of the General Government, and to lead us into
difficulties hereafter in (he halls of legislation. It
will lead to difficulties which will have no end in
the next ten years of I he legislation of thid body,
and no end for fifty years to come in the contests
of your courts. Who, then, cannot see what a
mass of human suffering, of chagrin, of wrong and
injury, will be inflicted upon individuals by this
course of legislation? Will not Senators refrain
from doing such injury, when they must see that
this measure, if necessary, can be as well passed
at the next Congress as now. 1 know gentlemen
allege, as an excuse for sustaining the report of the
committee, that they do not understand the ques-
tion. I appeal to them for Heaven's sake, if they
do not understand it, not to put this complication
on us now, but wait until they can understand it.
£ think that, when they do come fully to examine
and investigate it, they will find that this legislation
is entirely wrong and will inflict untold injury upon
people who have vested rights under the action of
Congress. _
I have already stated, sir, that there are eight
hundred and forty thousand acres of land to which
there are conflicting titles which will be brought
before the courts by the operation of this act. I
have given you the number of acres to which the
titles are conflicting m the different States, and
now 1 propose to rend what the Commissioner of
the General Land Office says about the present
mode of settling these conflicts:
1' The settlement of conflicts, as now conducted, i* pro-
ductive of labor and delay only in this office. There atf no
charges necessary of any land,either general orindividual,
except what may arise from travelling. I am not an are
of any ea-.o, except, probably, one or two, where the offi-
cer required examinations by deputies in the field, and then,
even, the cost was merely nominal.
" In cases where the swamp lands have been granted to
the counties, the latter would be regaided merely as the
representatives of the States, and not as assignees."
Thus it appears that matters now go on smoothly,
quietly, and easily. Why then the necessity for
this interposition? For the purpose of enabling
some of the States to achieve a yet greater good,
it is proposed that the United States shall confirm
the i,tie to those who paid money into ihe United
Treasury, and that the State shall draw the
im>e,ey out of the Treasury and leave the conflict-
ing elements to fight their battles under changed cir-
cumstances, under changed relations, with changed
legal rights, and when unfortunate results must
necessarily follow. I have given my views of the
subject, and unless something shall be said making
it necessary for me to address the Senate again,
I shall have nothing more to say upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the subject be
laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion is to reconsider
the vote agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference. Will this motion carry that prop-
osition with it ?
Mr. WELLER. It carries the whole bill and
everything connected with it. The pending mo-
tion is to reconsider. My motion to lay on the
table, if adopted, will carry with it, as I under-
stand, the bill and the whole subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Certainly.
Mr. WELLER. My object is to stop debate,
and proceed to the consideration of other business.
The Senator from Arkansas tells us that this ques-
tion can be as well disposed of at the next session
of Congress. We have no opportunity of investi-
gating it now. A matter so deeply affecting large
local interests ought not to be passed on without
investigation; and therefore, for the purpose of
having it sleep until the next session, I move that
it lie on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I (rust the Senator from
California will withdraw that motion. An allu-
sion has beentnade to my own State, to which I
think 1 ought to reply.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow the Senator from Illinois to be
heard on the subject.
Mr. WELLER. There is a great deal of over-
flowed land in the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent, and therefore reference has also
been made to that State as well as the State 0/
Illinois, and on the same principle I should be en-
titled to speak; but 1 prefer that we should proceed
with other business, and 1 must therefore insist on
my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust the motion will not
be agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—veas 23, nays 23; as follows:
YtiAS—-Meters. liell, Biainerd, Brown, Butler,
('lay, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Geycr, Johnson, Jones of
Tennessee, Motion, tVarce, Rusk, Pebaslian, deward,
Thompson ni' Kentucky, Toombs, Toueey, Walker, Wcl-
Irr, and Wilson—23
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Filzpatriek,
Foot, Gillelte, ifuntcr, James, Jones ot' Iowa, Mason,
Petut, Prait, Shi';!<is. Slidcll, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Wright—23.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall detain the Senate but
a moment; for,if 1 can get their attention, I think
I can place this question, in a very few words, in
such a light as will put it beyond all difficulty.
The facts a re few and simple. In 1850, we granted
the swamp lands to the States in which they lay,
on certain conditions and for certain purposes. It
was about eighteen months, on the average, before
the Legislatures of the different States assembled,
and accepted the grant, and provided for comply-
ing with its conditions. In the mean lime, the
public land offices of the United States were open,
and sales of the public lands went on as before.
A large portion of the lands which were returned
as swamp lands when surveyed thirty years ago,
had, in process of time, become dry. Some of
them are our best lands, and many of them have
been cultivated for years.
That being the case, the Government not having
designated what were swamp lands, no man had
an opportunity of knowing which were swamp
and which were not, during the time which elapsed
from thedate of the grant to the acceptance by the
States. During that period, emigrants from New
England, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and
the various old States, going into the new States,
to select homes, chose pieces of land which were
dry and susceptible of cultivation. Finding that
they were vacant, they went 10 the land offices of
the United States, entered them, and paid then-
money. They have converted them into farms.
After paying for them, and improving thern, the
Legislature of the State assembled and accepted the
grant, and provided for disposing of the swamp
lands. Then the States were stimulated to go on
and provide for all those lands, under the impres-
sion that the money which had been paid into the
national Treasury would be lost by them unless
they claimed the whole of the lands. Some of the
States now are going on to sell over again the very
lands which the United States have sold, and re-
ceived pay for, and of which the purchasers from
the United States are in possession, and cultivating
as their homes.
_ The question now is, shall we, by our legisla-
tion, turn out of possession all those settlers who
have acquired their homes under oar laws by pay-
ing their money into the Treasury of the United
States before the States accepted the grant and the
land was conveyed to them ? That is the simple
question. The report of the committee of,confer-
ence, to which the House .has agreed, provides
that the patent shall be issued to the first pur-
chaser, whether that purchaser be under the State
or the Federal Government, in order that parties
may then contest their .rights in court if they
please. The proposition of the Senator from Ar-
kansas is to affirm the sales made by the States,
and to dispossess every one acquiring a title under
the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am certain the Senator does
not wish to misrepresent me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it, and therefore I
wish to correct his statement of my posiiion. I
have made no proposition at all, except to ask that
Congicss shall keep its bands off when they are
going to do what is wrong. The statement which
is presented by the Senator, I beg leave to say,
needs much help to sustain it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I will say that the
defeat of this bill, for the reasons assigned by the
Senator from Arkansas, is in order that the title
may lie held to be in the States, the effect of which
will be to dispossess the purchasers under the
United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. 'Phe Senator is incorrect
again, because if the land, when it was bought by
the meritorious paities, of whom he speaks, by
entering it in the United States land offices, was
high, dry, and good for cultivalion, it was not
conveyed by the original grant. If it was swamp
land, it belonged to the State from the time of. the
grant.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is not the point.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law, as it now stands,
does not cut out such a maia, nor is he driven to
the courts
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator has shown
already that eight hundred and forty thousand
acres of these lands have been sold by the Govern-
ment, which is proven to be swamp lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not proven to be so; that is
the conflic.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But,according to his claim,
the effect would be to turn out of possession the
purchasers under the United States Government to
eight hundred and forty thousand acres of land.
Lei me say to him, that in regard to the one hun-
dred and eighty thousand acres in Illinois, there
is no conflict. The purchasers under the Federal
Government there paid their money into the na-
tional Treasury before the State accepted the
grant, and no man in Illinois pretends to make a
conflict as to the validity of that saie; but if you
now cast a doubt on the legality of thesaies made
by the Federal Government, you will raise up com-
petitors for these one hundred and eighty thousand
acres of land, and according to the construction of
the Senator from Arkansas, every one of those set-
tlers will be turned out of possession.
I ask is it not just and wise that we should give
the patent to the first purchaser? If the first-pur-
chaser be under the Federal Government, let him
take his patent. If the first purchaser be under
the State Government, let the State get the patent,
and make out title to him. The simple question
is, whether the first purchaser or the second shail
be rpc.0gn17.ed by us. I hold that the first bona
fi.de purchaser should be protected, and that, as
a general rule, the second purchaser ought not to
be favored,for the reason that, m most cases, he
entered the land knowing that his neighbor had
previously bought it, and, perhaps, that he had
put improvements upon it. The second purcha-
ser, therefore, is not to he presumed to be the bona
fide one. I insist that if we adopt any other rule,
then to give the patent to the first purchaser,
whether under the State or under the Federal Gov-
ernment, we adopt a rule which encourages fraud
and bad faith in the disposition of these lands.
For this reason, 1 think, justice requires that we
should concur in the report of the committee of
conference, which was unanimously adopted,and
which has been concurred in by the House, and
thus put an end to ihis question. I shall occupy
j no more time, for I know that it is impoitant for
; us to get through with this subject, and proceed to
other business.
I Mr. W ALKER. As I understand this ques-
