1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
tion, a great part of what the Senator from Illinois
has said, has been but to draw a fancy picture.of
this matter. X did not think much about it until
last evening and to-day, but my reflection has
satisfied me of the impropriety of the course of
legislation proposed by this report. An act was
passed granting these lands to the States, and oper-
ating in pi caseiiti. Then it becomes plain that the
lands immediately vested in the States. We have
the opinion of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judieiary-that such was the operation of that
law. Now, the Senator from Illinois makes the
law to depend upon the subsequent acceptance of
the grant by the State Legislatures. I do not
think there is anything in the act which causes its
vitality, its operative energy, to depend upon the
acceptance of theStates. The act in itself declares
that " there shall be, and hereby is, granted," to
the States a certain description of land. The grant
was then complete to the States. Now we are
about to pass a remedial law to operate upon indi-
viduals who have since purchased these lands.
The first question is, is any remedy needed?
We are told by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, that the present mode of settling these
conflicts is cheap, expeditious, and certain. How
does that happen? Suppose you, sir, went to
the United States land office ar.d bought a piece
of land, and I had bought the same tract at the
State land office: whether it is mine or not de-
pends, according to the present law, on a certain
easily ascertained fact—whether it was swamp
land or not at the time of the passage of the act
which vested these lands in the States. How is
that fact lo be ascertained ? In the simple method
pointed out in the letter of the Commissioner of
the Genera! Land Office. Notice is sent to the
local land officers to summon parties before them.
They go before the land officers, and call together
from the vicinity of the land persons perfectly
familiar with ifs quality, and they testify as to the
fact whether it is swamp land or not. If it be
determined, on their testimony, that it is swamp
land, as a matter of course, the land was vested
in the State, and the purchaser from the State is
the person entitled to it. if it turns out that it
was not swamp land at the time of the passage of
the act, it never was vested m the State, and con-
sequently the purchaser from the State could get
no title.
Now, what is proposed in this remedial law,
is, not to remedy the evil, but to make the evil
greater. It is to throw all those persons who have
purchased the eight hundred and forty thousand
acres in regard to which there is a contest, into
the State and Federal courts, where they are to
litigate their rights for years, when the simple
fact whether the land was swamp or not, can be
easily ascertained, as the Commissioner of the ;
General Land Office says, without much cost to j
the parties or to the Government. Shall we pafls i
this act, and thus involve all these claimants in !
this indefinite, vast, and expensive sea of litiga- j
tion? 1 hope not. For my part, I sympathize 1
with the feelings and the views entertained by the j
Senator from Arkansas, and hope the report will [
be rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the mail
steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope we shall soon dispose
of this subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we can dispose of it
in a few minutes.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas now to renew the motion to
lie on the table, as a test question, to ascertain the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire, before such a mo-
tion shall be made, to correct a statement of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, which, I think, is
calculated to lead to error. He said, in the course
of his remarks, that there were no conflicts in the
State of Illinois in regard to these lands. I have
already read to the Senate a statement from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, under
his own signature, that there are one hundred and j
eighty thousand acres in'conflict there. The ex- i
plonation of the Senator from Illinois in regard to ;
that point is substantially what I said before. Ilii- I
nois will be a beneficiary under this act, and her i
citizens ^ill escape, in a great measure, if not |
entirely, from being affected by its provisions, j
because that State, not having sold lands to indi- i
viduals,is not placed in the difficulty in which my
State and others are. I suppose that to be the
Senator's explanation, in substance and meaning.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no conflict, because
there is not an instance, within our knowledge, of
a conflicting claimant.
Mr. JOHNSON. According to the records of
the Land Office there are one hundred and eighty
thousand acres of conflicts certified to that office.
I have read to the Senate the statement of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to that
effect. According to the explanation which I
have given in regard to Illinois, she can easily
release her right; but in other States we cannot
release the right of the State, or disregard it, by a
general act of Congress, and do justice to those to
whom we have sold lands. Illinois, in the cir-
cumstances in which she is placed, will derive
much benefit from this act; but in doing so you
are perpetrating injustice upon others.
It is a plausible statement to speak of my con-
struction of the act as driving away settlers from
Virginia and other States, who went to the new
States after the passage of the swamp land act,
and, knowing nothing about it, entered lands in the
United States land offices. My construction does
not turn out a single one, and I defy human reason
tp point to a single case where my construction
would turn out a settler. I say that if the United
States owned the'land, if it was not swamp land,
in such a case the alienee of the United States
needs no protection. If it was swamp land, and
the State has sold it, her alienee ought not to be
more harshly treated, though he may not bean
emigrant from any other State, but a native citizen
of the State where he lives. He ought to have
equal rights with emigrants, certainly, as long as
he is an honest citizen, and recognized by his
own community as fit to live among them. He
ought to be protected by this Government in the
rights which he has acquired under your previous
laws. I do not wish to detain the Senate; I am
willing that the vote shall be taken; but I hope
that the reconsideration will be agreed to, and that
then the report of the committee of conference will
be rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, at this late
hour of the session it is with extreme reluctance
that I claim a moment of time on aquestion which
seems so unimportant as this; but, sir, in view of
the fact that this is, in reality, a very important
question to many humble individuals, who will
only know what we do here to-day, except as the
intelligence may reach them through an officer of
the law carrying with him authority to tject them
from their homes; and as the success of the meas-
ure deeply interests many who have confided their
rights to me on this floor, I must claim the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few moments, while 1 dis-
charge what I regard an imperative duty.
I claim, Mr. President, to be a law-abiding man;
and I have ever taught, by precept and example,
obedience to the laws of my country. But if the
doctrine intended for by the honorable Senator
from Arkansas should obtain in this case, 1 would
not advise acquiescence in its execution on the
part of the many that would be affected and ruined
by it.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, has stated
better than 1 can, the practical effect of the bill
agreed upon by the committee of conference. He
has given very satisfactory reasons, to my mind, in
favor of the passage of the bill before us. He has
very truly said that the party first entering the
land is entitled to the ownership, and that is sub-
stantially what this bill gives; nothing more. Now
sir, I venture the opinion, that there are thousands
of instances in the States of the Northwestern
Territories, where, between the time of the pas-
sage of the act by Congress, granting the swamp
and overflown lands to the States within which
they lie; and the period when the States made the
selection under the act; that persons have entered
at the Government land offices, and gone on to
improve the very same lands that have since been
selected by the States, and are now attempted to
be.given to speculators, under entries made, or
purchases made of the States. Sir, this I say
would be iniquitous and unjust toward these
hardy pioneers that fell your forests, open up and
develop the resources of the country. Now I am
for protecting this class of my constituency in
what I regard their vested rights. They have paid
for and entered upon these lands, your officers
have taken their money, and it is no satisfactory
answer to these honest sons of toil, when they
ask for a patent, to be told, you can have your
money back, but the land belongs to the State, or
belongs to some land jobber, that has bought ^the
State out. No, sir, in the language of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois: 14 Give the land to the
man that first entered upon it, to the man that has
improved it, and if there be any refunding of
money, let those questions be settled between the
United States, the States, and the individuals tha£
claim under the States; but again, I say protect
the honest settler." The honorable Senator from
Arkansas has said that he knows instances where
great injustice would be done by the enactment of
the law as recommended by the conference com-
mittee. If he says so, no doubt it is so; but the
instances are rare—very rare—not, 1 venture to
say, as one is to a hundred, where a failure to
enact this law would be ruinous in its results on
that unprotected hardy class of honest pioneers,
that 1 have described. I envy no Senator the feef-
ing he must undergo, in striking such a blow at
the humble inmates of the cabins of the West. I
shall voteagainst reconsidering, because i am sat-
isfied the report of the committee is right and ought
to be agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I appreciate the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Indiana; they are, no
doubt, in his opinion, in good temper and good
style. The substance of his remarks was, that,
if the iniquity and injustice contended for by the
Senator from Arkansas shall be perpetrated by the
sanction of the Senate, it will be so gross an out-
rage that an honest man cannot look at it with
patience. Now, let me tell him that the Senator
from Arkansas has contended for nothing but to
leave the law as it stands, and allow these conflicts
to be settled, as they now are, with ease and
without difficulty, cost, or expense. That honor-
able Senator told us, further, that he will be in-
clined, although a law-abiding man, and a good
citizen, to countenance and advise resistance to
law, if the course which I propose be followed.
Sir, if we take his words as sound in reason or
justice, the Senator from Arkansas must stand
here in a character which he disavows. I will not
defend myself from such an imputation; I leave
that to others. I will only bow beneath the Sen-
ator's delicate sense of moral right and his high
and distinguished character. As to his sensitive
care of what is right,. 1 admit his perceptions to be
far more correct than mine; but I protest against
his dictum being taken as conclusive, to trample
down one so humble as myself. Such denuncia-
tions as those we have heard from that distin-
guished Senator are based upon no reason. I have
contested this matter with gentlemen who wished
to benefit their Sta.tes at the expense of others.
Though we are acting under a common law, they
seek to in force their claims by the superiority
which they have in jyrt&Ligt upon this floor, and
not per force of human reason and common sense
addressed to honorable Senators whoaremembers
of this body.
I tell you, sir, that this legislation is for the
advantage of certain States—that they may go to
your Treasury and draw out the money that you
have received for lands which have been sold at
the United States land offices on certain Conditions.
This cannot be disputed. The States will get the
money, though some of their citizens will be the
sufferers. Arkansas has another class to-protect;
and I thank God there are Senators from other
States who stand by the Senators from Arkansas
on this question. 1 do not stand here alone. I
am not the only representative from the land
States who opposes the adoption of this report.
Others join with me in saying that they have
another class to protect—the class of humble citi-
zens who have acquired a right to their swamp
lands from the States in which they live, and who
desire to be protected in the enjoyment of their
forty, eighty, or one hundredand sixty acre tr'acts*
which they have purchased from their States.
They say to this Government that they hold rights
under its legislation, which were vested by a pre-
vious act, and of which you ought not to deprive
them. You say that, by giving a patent to their
opponents, you leave them to contest the question
before the regular tribunals, where they are now
being settled; but they say that it is not so.
Upon this question, I have acted merely on the
defensive. 1 have simply protested against the
