1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
insist on those amendments to which the House
have disagreed, and ask for a conference.
Mr. SHIELDS. I withdraw my motion, to
enable the Senator from Virginia to pursue the
course he has indicated.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the House amendments to the Senate amend-
ments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. Now I move that the Senate
insist on the amendments to which the House have
disagreed and ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Shields,
Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Johnson were appointed
managers of the conference on the part of the
Senate. The four points to be settled by the com-
mittee are the forty-eighth, fiftieth, fifty-first, and
fifty-second amendments of the Senate.
The forty-eighth amendment is:
Sec. 8. Jindbe it further enacted. That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department be, and they
are hereby, auihorized to allow the paymasters of the
United States Army, who served as such lti Mexico during
the war with that Republic, commissions of one and a half
per cent, on all moneys collected or received, and paid
over by them-into the Treasury of the United States,
aruing from duties on imports, and from internal assess-
ments and taxes m Mexicodut mg that war: Provided, That
no commissions shall be allowed on any such sums of
money, so collected or received, on which commissions
have heretofore been allowed to any other collector, or re-
ceiver, or other officer of the United States.
. *
The fiftieth amendment is:
Sec. 10. Jindbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to Jean Baptist Faribault, and Pelagie Faribault, his
wife, the sum ot $12,000, with interest thereupon from tne
12ih of March, 18J9. in full payment of their claim to the
island at the confluence of the rivers Mississippi and St.
Pierre, on which Fort Snellmg now stands.
The fifty-first amendment is:
Sec. 11. Jhid be it fariJier enac'el, That Indian agents
and *ub agents be, and they are hereby, authorized to take
acknowledgments of deed.*, wills, and other instruments of
writing, and that acknowledgments so taken shall have the
same effect as if taken belore a justice of the peace.
The fifty-second amendment is:
Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, the salary of the centra! superin-
tendent of the Indian affairs for the central superintendeocy
shall be .$2,500 per annum, and for that purpose the sum of
$500 ts hereby appropriated in addition to the existing ap-
propriation.
TRIAL OF CAUSES.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senate bill to prevent
mistrials in the district and circuit courts of the
United States in certain cases, has been concurred
in by the House, with an amendment to which
there is no objection. I ask that it may now be
taken up and acted upon.
There being; no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House to the
bill, which was to add the following section:
Sec 2. And be it farther enacted. That when letters
rogatory <-'i:ill have been addiesspd from any court of a for-
eign country to any circuit court of the United States, with
a United Stales commissioner designated by ea*d circuit
court, to make the examination of witness* in said letter*
mentioned, said commissioner shall be empowered to com-
pel the witnesses to appear and depose in the same manner
as to appear and testify in court.
The amendment was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill which has been returned from the House with
an amendment. It is the bill passed by the Sen-
ate to cede to the State of Ohio the unsold residue
of the public lands within her limits. The House
has struck out the whole bill, and has inserted a
bill confirming certain selections of canal lands. I
think the original bill did but slight justice^ to my
State. I think the act of striking it out, of refus-
ing the grant, was an act of injustice. But there
is now no hope of passing the original bill through
the House. The amendment preserves so much
of the original bill only as saves the rights of the
State, and persons claiming under the State, to
certain selections of canal lands. Under the cir-
cumstances,! am compelled to mo.ve a concurrence
in the amendment. I must say that I deeply
regret the necessity of doing so.
The amendments of the House were to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert:
"That the selections of lands by the State of Ohio for
canal purposes, under the act of the 2d of March, 1897, and
the S4ih of May, 1828, be, and the same are hereby, con-
firmed."
And to amend the title by substituting in lieu
thereof, "An act to confirm the canal selections
in the State of Ohio."
The amendments were concurred in.
EXTENSION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
The bill of the Senate extending, in certain
eases, the provisions of an act entitled " An act to
extend preemption rights to certain land therein
mentioned," approved March 3, 1853, was re-
turned from the House of Representatives with
an amendment, to insert after " Maison Rouge
grant," the words " and the De Bastrop grant."
Mr. JOHNSON. The original bill in this case
was passed by the Senate on the unanimous rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Public Lands.
It was sent to the House, and has been returned
with an amendment simply providing that the
lands in the De Bastrop grant shall be placed in
the same situation with those in the Maison Rouge
grant. I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Charles H. Pointer, and the bill for
the increase of John C. Burton's pension, were
severally read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
DaNIEL SEARLE AND COMPANY.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Daniel Searlefe Co., for extra services
rendered the Post Office Department of the United
States, was read the first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads have considered this
bill, concur in it, and recommend its passage with-
out a reference. It is a small bill which is rec-
ommended by Mr. Whittlesey and the accounting
officers, to pay two hundred, or three hundred
dollars. I trust it will be passed immediately.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Its object is to allow the proper accounting offi-
cers to settle the accounts of Daniel Searle & Co.,
for extra service rendered under the orders of the
Post Office Department during a contract, made in
1835, for carrying the mail on routes 956, 979, and
1157, from Jersey city to Owego, New York, and
to allow a pro rata compensation for the extra ser-
vices.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
STATE OF OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Territories, House bill to enable
the people of Oregon to form a Constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States. I desire to ask for the present
consideration of the bill. It is in the usual form
of all such bills. The Committee on Territories
report it with an amendment providing that the
Stute shall not be admitted before it has sixty
thousand inhabitants. 1 hope the bill will be
immediately acted upon, and the amendment
agreed to.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Wkller
in the chair,) If there be no objection the bill will
now be considered.
Mr. PEARCE. I am very sorry to be com-
pelled to do so, but I must object to its present
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the bill
must lie over until to-morrow.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
. BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back House biil
making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, ItiaG, and forother purposes. 1 will
state to the Senate that I have been instructed by
the Committee on Finance to make this report
without amendment. The purpose is to ask the
Senate to consider the bill as a whole and without
amendment; and we intend, if such should be the
pleasure of the Senate, to bring in the amendments
which otherwise would have been offered to this
bill, either in the shape of a supplemental Ml, or
else aa an addition to one of the appropriation bills,
probably the navy bill.
Mr. President, perhaps I ought to state the
reasons which have led us to this conclusion as
brietl y as possible. 11 is known to every one that
this bill contains a proposition for modifying.the
tariff—an unusual course of legislation; and it
seemed to us that we ought to bring the subject to
the Senate, that they might act according to what
might seem best to them in their discretion. I
know, sir, that there is objection to associating in-
congruous subjects with the general appropriations
of the country. No man feels it more than I do.
None has oftener expressed his dissent from it.
If this were an original question, and the proposi-
tion were here to make such association, I should
resist it; but, sir, there is a difference between
what we ought to do, now that it comes here by
the action of the House, now that it is in the bill,
and what we should do if it were an original
question.
I find, upon an analysis of the vote in the House
of Representatives, that it was not put in by one
party against the views of another, or by one sec-
tion against another, or by one association of in-
terests against another; but that it had, among
its friends, men of all parties and of all sections;
and that they did not thus use the power of an
appropriation bill, to coerce, either one section by
another, or one interest by another; and that, per-
haps, it had the assent of more persons, of differ-
ent parties and of different sections, than any other
bill on the same subject that was ever introduced.
We find, sir, men from Massachusetts and South
Carolina, men from Pennsylvania and Virginia—
Whigs and Democrats—voting for it together.
Under these circumstances, believing that the
measure itself was a good one; believing that it
would be wholesome to revise our tariff law as is
proposed here, we have thought that it was proper
to submit it to the Senate; and not only that it
was proper to submit it, but to submit it at once;
because it is just to the Senate, if they should think
they ought not to agree to any alteration of the
revenue system upon the bill, that they should
have the question to act upon at once. It is also
just to those who desire this amendment and re-
duction of the tariff, that they should have the
means of acting upon it as an entirety; for it must
be obvious that if we once begin to amend'the bill,
not only for the general purposes of a civil and
diplomatic bill, but also m Older to meet the vari-
ous and conflicting views upon the tariff itself, we
never should com e to an end upon it, and the prob-
ability is, that, late in the session, the bill might
be lost.
If the Senate should be of opinion that they
ought not to act upon such a subject, now is the
time for them to say so. If, on the other hand,
they should think, as f think, that, as the amend-
ment has been sent to us in the mode which l
have described, and is good itself, it ought to be
passed, then, I hope, they will act accordingly,
and pass the bill in the shape in which it was
adopted in the House. If they do so, we shall
bring in the amendments which otherwise would
have been offered to this bill, either as an amend-
ment to some other of the general appropriation
bills, or as a bill supplemental to this. And I am
assured by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House, and other gen-
tlemen in whom I have confidence, that our prop-
osition to amend will be considered in the House;
so that we shall have a chance to accomplish both
objects without losing the appropriation bills. At
any rate, it is for the Senate to say what they will
do, and we report the bill thus early to give them
that opportunity.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 believe I
violate none of the proprieties of the Senate when
I say, that I was opposed, as a member of the
Committee on Finance, to this report. It struck
me that it was our duty to introduce amendments,
whether of addition or of excision, which seemed
to us, and might seem to the Senate, proper to
make. I was opposed to it also, because I was
unwilling to attach to a bill of this sort a measure
of such great importance, so vitally affecting all
the great interests of ihe country as a general
revision of the tariff. 1 am very ready to admit,
that 1 think thetariff ought to be amended. I am
desirous myself of reducing the amount of revenue.
I think it is too full. I think it is a temptation
to extravagant and inordinate legislation. Butj
