992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
although I desire to reduce the revenue, and amend
the tariff as a means of reducing the revenue, i
must say that I am utterly opposed 4o the intro-
duction of such a measure as an amendment to the
general civil and diplomatic bill; and especially am
I opposed to the passage of a bill of this sort bv
this body, without any amendment, which I think
is a surrender of the lair equality of the Senate, in
participation with the House, ot the business of
legislation. There are many other considerations
■which belong to the subject, which I forbear, at
this time, to submit to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia whether he proposes now to take
up for action the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I have reported the bill, and
it is before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought the question was,
whether the Senator should be permitted to report
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
reported.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then what is the condition
of it?
Mr. FIUNTER. It is before the Senate. My
object was that the Senate might have it before
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have attended to the matter
very closely, and I was not aware that the bill was
reported; but I supposed the Senator had asked
leave to report the bill. 1 stood ready to object.
Now, I wish to know whether the bill is before
the Senate or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported, and of course it requires some mo-
tion to dispose of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has even its title been read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It haa not, be-
cause Senators have been on the floor since it waa
reported.
Mi-. JOHNSON. The Chair should have put
the question whether there was objection to re-
porting the bill. I heard no such question put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair heard
no objection, and, of course, received the report.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair never proposed to
receive objection. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] just now made a report on a bill for the
organization of Oregon into a State, but that was
objected to, and it was not taken up. Forthwith
this bill seems to be taken up at once, without
giving gentlemen a chance to object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not appeal from the
decision of the Chair, but I hope the bill will not
be passed now.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to postpone the further
consideration ot this hill until to-morrow, in order
that we may proceed to Executive business.
Mr. HCJNTER. 1 shall consent to the motion
if the Senator will agree to make the bill the special
Older for twelve o'clock.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 mcludc that in my motion.
The motion was ag-reed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 28, 1855.
The Housemetateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. DUNBAR, i ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
joint resolution of the Senate (No. 30) in relation
to the custom-house at New Orleans, giving
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to make
such change in the mode of constructing that
custom-house, as will, in his judgment, relieve the
foundation from the great weight of the superstruc-
ture.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;and,
having been read the third time, it waa subse-
quently passed.
Mr. DUNBAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
INCREASE OF PENSION TO JOHN C. BtfRTON.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill for the
increase of John C. Burton's pension. There is
a very short report from the Committeeon Invalid
Pensions accompanying the bill, which I ask may
be read.
The bill and report were then read by the Clerk.
From the report in this case it appears that the
petitioner while gallantly fighting under the com-
mand of Colonel J. H. Lane, at Buena Vista, lost
his right arm by a cannon shot from the enemy;
that he is now upon the pension rolls at the rate
of eight dollars per month; that he is poor, with a
wife and four children depending upon him for
support.
The bill having been read the first and second
time, was then ordered to a third reading; and,
having been read the third time, it was subse-
quently passed.
TRIAL OF CAUSES.
Mr. CUTTING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table,
Senate bill No. 083, being tc An act to prevent
mistrials in the district and circuit courts of the
United States, in certain cases." It is a very short
bill, containing but eleven linea in nil. I have been
requested by the Attorney General to add a section
to the bill, which is demanded in consequence of
difficulties now existing m the trials of cases in
the circuit and district courts.
The amendment wes then read, as follows:
That where loners nuirutory winch have been addressed
from any court of a fon-iyti country to any circuit emiu of
tin; IJinh'd fcsiatPs, and the United Slates ciomiuiSMuuor
designated by said circuit court to make the examination of
witnesses m eaid h-ueia m«*niio rd, said commissioner
(•hall he empowered to compU witnesses to appear and do-
po&e in the same manner, as to appearand teMily in court.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The hill, as amended, was then ordered to be
read a third time; and having been read the third
time, it was subsequently passed.
DANIEL SEARLE AND COMPANY.
Mr. GROW. T ask that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 78, for the relief of
Daniel Searle & Co., for extra services rendered
the Post Office Department.
Mr. OLDS. The bill ought to be referred to
some committee.
The SPEAKER. It is already in the hands
of the Committee of the Whole, and the desire of
the gentleman is that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. GROW. It is simply a bill authorizing an
accounting officer of the Government to settle his
accounts.
The bill was taken up, considered, and finally
passed,
CHARLES W. CARROLL.
Mr. WITTE, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speuker's table
Senate bill No. 45G. The bill has been passed
unanimously by the Senate, and I trust that there
will be no objection to it on the part of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 wish tu inquire of the Chair
what is the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. Thefii&t business is the gen-
tleman's own motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HAVEN. Is not the first business the
appeal taken by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] from the decision of the Chair last
evening?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that there is an appeal pending, taken
last evening, from the decision of the then occu-
pant of the chair. That is the first business in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, I will call that up when
the present matter is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks leave of the House to take up the
bill which will be reported by the Clerk.
The Senate bill (No. 456) for the relief of
Charles W. Carroll, which was reported, pro-
videsAat the sum of $5,000 lie paid to Charles W. .
Carroll, as compensation and damage for injuries
sustained by him by reason of his wrongful
arrest and imprisonment as a deserter from the
Army of the United States.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and having been read, it was subsequently
Mr. WITTE moved to reconsider the .vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
GERARD WOOD.
Mr. SHOWER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 633) for
the relief of the legal representatives of Gerard
Wood, deceased. The bill provides that there
shall be paid to the legal representatives of Gerard
Wood five years' half-pay as surgeon's mate in
the revolutionary war, and provides that such sum
shall be in full of all claims for such services.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, {object.
Mr. SHOWER. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules to enable me to enter a motion to take it up.
The SPEAKER. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the rules; and, until that ia
disposed of, another motion to suspend cannot be
entertained.
REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS. -
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and pass
Senate bill (No. 51$) rn reference to the compen-
sation of registers and receivers.
Mr. OLDS. Before thegentleman presses this
matter, 1 wish to say that a bill has just been re-
turned to the House from the Senate—which has
heretofore passed the House—in relation to the
prepayment of postage. It has been returned with
one or two unimportant amendments, and I desire
to have the House consider them now. It will
require but a few moments to dispose of them, and
I hope there will be no objection to that course.
I ask the gentleman from Indiana to yield for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. BRIDGES. No. I object.
Mr. MILLER. Senate bill No. 515 is a bill to
increase the compensation of the registers of the
land offices, and the receivers of public moneys,
under the act to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators,
approved August 4, 1854. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take it up.
Mr. PRINGLE. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I cull now for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER, The business first in order
is the consideration of the appeal taken last even-
ing from the decision of the Chair by the gentle-
man- from Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thegentleman from New
York withdraws his objection to Senate bill No.
515. The object of the bill is to do justice to
gentlemen of the land offices, under the bill of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] known as
the land graduation bill. It ia designed to give
them something to live upon.
Mr. PRINGLE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. PULLER. ^ I renew the objection. We
made ample provision for them two years a°"0.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman Is mis-
taken.
Mr. FULLER. I believe there is no class of
officers who are better paid than the registers and
receivers.
Mr. MILLER: I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his objection.
Mr. FULLER. I cannot.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to report a resolution from the Committee
on Punting.
The SPEA KER. Thatisnotin order while a
motion is pending to suspend the rules.
Mr. MURRAY. I believe the rules say that
reports from the Committee on Printing are in
order at any time.
The SPEA.KLR, The rules also say that mo-
tions to suspend the rules are in order during the
, t,en/.t'ays of the session, and thai is a little
ahead of the gentleman.
Mr. MURRAY. The rules say reports froni
that committee are in order at any time.
