998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
ft few outstanding yet! Why,this is what I have
heard for above thirty years—a few more yet; and
these few multiplying daily, and breeding with the
fecundity of the rabbit. What will it be under
this universal, boundless, and endless bill, if it
passes, and with all its apparently studied loose-
riess, vagueness, and generalities ?
Mr. Speaker, I have taken a dreadful cold
Bitting up at night, looking oVer this subject, going
back to the Revolution. I think I have enumerated
some one hundred and fifty acts granting or secur-
ing bounty lands to the persons who would be
entitled to them under this law. I have no voice
to speak, and can do little better than bark!' but
it is a case to justify barking. There are acts for
the relief of Canadian and British deserters; acts
for Nova Scotian and other refugees who served
in our army, There are acts which may include
i Jte representatives of all foreigners who served in
our,army. And under these acts it seems to me
that the descendants of British deserters, of Ca-
nadian and Nova Scotian refugees, of Hessians,
of the whole French army and navy, who served
in the revolutionary war, could receive everything
which was given to American citizens who served
in the army. I do not undertake to assign limits
to these acts. 1 cannot make any positive state-
ment as to their effect. I have had my amend-
ment printed and read. It is part of my speech,
and must be taken in connection with it to show
gentlemen the dangers of this bill. I ask for a
committee. Let this matter be put through the
regular forms of legislation, so as that we may be
enabled to see clearly how the facts stand, and
what are the dangers incurred.
I am a friend, Mr. Speaker,to old soldiers,and
to young soldiers, also. So, also, 1 am an enemy
to old speculators, and to young speculators like-
wise, who look upon soldiers, " old " and young,
and their widows and children, a!s<?, as a lawful
prey, and pursue them and devour them as sharks
do shoals of little fishes. Sir, I was born in the
last year of the Revolution; and one of the earliest
things that I can remember is to have seen revo-
lutionary soldiers coming to my father's house
(who was a lawyer) to tell the story of the man-
ner in which they had been cheated out of their
earnings—out of their certificates—out of all the
rights growing out of their service; and to consult
him as a lawyer, to see if there was any way by
which they could recover their rights. Of course
there was no way. You had as well attempt to
get a herring out of the maw of a live shark.
These were men out of whose hands were filched
these certificates at the rate of two shillings and
sixpence per pound. They, not knowing the value
of their certificates, and being told that they were
valueless, disposed of them at two shillings and
sixpence a pound, paper money, and these same
certificates afterwards funded at thirty shillings per
pound, solid money. This was their case, and it
has been the same ever since. And the history
of the day shows, that while the act was being
passed, and before it was passed, or before the time
it could be generally known, swift horses were
employed to run the country—swift vessels en-
gaged in ploughing the ocean, to go and seek out
these men wherever they could be found, and pur-
chase from them their certificates at the merest
price; and so these certificates were swept out of
their hands.
And what have we seen since? I have already
adverted to it. - We have seen the warrants of the
soldiers of 1812, selling at from ten to*fifteen dol-
lars each, and the patents at from twenty to
twenty-five dollars each. I have seen all that; and
I have endeavored, sir, to save the soldier from
these plunderers. And when, during the Mexi-
can war, we passed bills for the purpose of grant-
ing bounty lands, 1 voted for them. I, with oth-
ers, was then successful in getting a provision
inserted to-try and protect them; but all efforts at
protection were unavailing and valueless. The
soldier, old and young, his widow and children,
even minors, are doomed to be plundered by spec-
ulators, and by this bill above all others. Here
we have an unlimited bill; an unlimited bill for the
benefit of'people who are dead, of heirs who know
nothing, of some, aged and living, who have no
Hsa of what we are doing, and will never know
it until a speculator penetrates their locality and
finds them; for, the earth cannot hide them living,
nor sfeve them dead; for the oliim will be got, and
by foul means if not by to. Should they not
have some notice, some time, some chance to hear
of our law—six months or a year—to become
acquainted with the provisions proposed for their
benefit? Give them time to know what they are
entitled to before these depredating speculators are
upon them as wolves in the sheep-fold.
Shall we not give these people—old and young,
heirs and widows—time to be prepared for these
speculators? That, sir, I avow is my object. lavow
it, and I glory in it. I want time, I want delay. I
want to have this bill sent to a committee to be
reported upon. I want that report to go out. I
want it to go over the country. I want the people
to know what they are to get before these ravenous
wolves are on, as on sheep, and devour them—
old wethers, rams, ewes, lambs, and all. That
is what I am after. I want to procure a delay
that this knowledge may go to the people, so that
they may know how to save themselves from
these rapacious plunderers, who plead for them-
selves in the name of (t old soldiers;" and who,
like certain administrators of charitable funds in
Gil Bias, get rich by administering the funds of
the poor. X have enumerated about one hundred
and fifty acts under which persons have received
lands. I submitted an amendment to the bill yes-
terday, which wa3 ordered to be printed some
days ago, but which did not-come up here till yes-
terday, and which had not been examined till then
by members of the House. I was called away from
my post last evening under urgent circumstances,
which members understand. I left my work to
others. Since then members have taken the bill,
examined the amendment which I offered, and
have suggested modifications, carefully considered,
which 1 accept; and I now ask the Clerk to read
the amendment as it is modified; and 1 move that
the bill and amendments be committed to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Here the amendment was read, as follows:1
Provided, That the representatives of no British deserter
who received bounty land, or was entitled to receive it, for
services in the revolutionary war, under the. acts approved
August 8, 1770, and March 27, 179:2, shall be entitled to
rcceive any land, or pension, or increase of pension, under
this act; also, that the representatives of no Canadian or
Nova Scotia refugee, who received or was entitled to re-
ceive land or pension, for services in the revolutionary war,
under the acta passed April 23, 1783, April 13, 1785, May
20, 1785, February 18, ltOl, April 29, 1816, April 7,1790,
March 10, 1804, February 18, lt-0t, March 3, 1803, Apnl 23,
1802, March 3, 1830, or under any other act grunting lands
or pensions to said Canadian or Nova Scotia refugees, or
their representatives, shall receive any bounty land, or pen-
sion, or increase of pension under this act; also, that no
officcr or soldier of the revolutionary war, or their rep-
resentatives, who received bounty land for revolutionary
frcrvicoa, or were entitled to receive it, undei any one of the
fortv-seven acts passed for such purpose, from May the 20th,
1785, to March 3,1KJ9, inclusively, shall receive any land
under tins act; also that no prison, or their representatives,
who received, or wcie entitled to receive, bounty lands
under any one of the forty-four of the acts passed by Con-
gress for satisfying bounties granted by the ytatoof Vngima
to her officers and soldiers engaged in the revolutionary
war; also, that no person, or his representative, shall rcccive
any bounty land under the said act who ehall have received,
or been entitled to receive, bounty land from any one of the
Slates for services performed in the revolutionary war;
also, that no person, or Ins representative, who belonged to
French or other foreign troops, who served in the revolu-
tionary war, &hall icecivo any land under tfu-s act; al^o,
that the evidence shall be the ^ame as is now received and
acted upon in any ease whatever f)r bounty land undei the
provisions of Una act: Jlnd provided further, Tli.it no per-
son, or hi«i representative, who «ervvd in any war between
the years 1790 and 1812, shall be entitled to receive any
bounty land under this act, who thall have received, or
been entitled to reccive, any land under tins act, and that
all claims for land founded on such service shall only
he considered and allowed upon iccord evideneo: Jlnd
jriovided further, That no person, or hi> representative,
claiming laud under ting act, who served m the war of
1812, and who received bounty land, or were entitled to
receive bounty land, under any one ot the liity-cight acts,
public or private, parsed from December 24, 1811, to March
3, 1845, inclusively, for granting or assuring bounty land?, to
persons serving in said war, and especially who received
bounty lands under the act of M.iy 6, 1812, granting s-ix
millions of acres for bounties to such person^, Tying in the
Territories of Michigan, Illinois, and Missouri, or under
the act of April 16, 1816, granting an additional quantity of
two millions of acres to such person**, l>ing in the Teiri-
tory of Arkansas, shall be entitled to receive any bounty
land under this act; and that the evidence shall be the
same as that teccived or considei cd in support of any claim
for service in the said ward 1812 with Great Britain : Jlnd
provided further, That no peison, orhis legal representa-
tive, who shall claim bounty land for services in the late
war with Mexico, and who received, or were entitled to
receive, bounty lands for such service, under either of the
thirteen acts passed lor that purpose, irom Febiuary 11 to
July 25, 18'18, inclusively, shall rcccive any land under
this act; nor shall any evidence except such as is now
received be received in support of any such claim after the
lapse of thirty years after the date of the origin of such
claim : Jlnd provided farther, That no Indian shall be con-
si tiered as entitled to the benefits of a white man undei this
act, unless he shall have been tlomiciliated among the
white people, and shall have been regularly enrolled jn the
military service, and his claim proved by record evidences
jlnd provided further, That no person, or his legal repre-
sentative, belonging to the naval service of the United
States, shall be allowed to receive any bounty, land under
this act, who received, or were entitled by law to receive,
prize money for captures, or destruction of enemies' vessels,
during the war, or who have received pensions for such ser-
vice ; and no evidence but such as is now received shall be
received or considered in support of any claim which shall,
at the time it is offered, relate back to a period of thirty
years: Jlnd provided further, That no increase of pension
shall be made under this act to any person whatever, or his
representative, which person shall already have receives
his or her pension'for a period of seven years, without
having made to Congrpss, or the Government, a written
application for an increase, and stating the particular rea-
sons on which such application was founded: And provided
further, That all bounty lands granted under this act, shall
be free from tax until the patent shall be granted therefor,
and shall be unassignable or transferable during the same
period, and that alfcontracts with agents for any part of ihe
same, or for money, or other thing, in consideration ofbeing
instrumental in getting this act passed, or obtaining the
warrant or patent after it shall have passed, shall be, and
the same is hereby declared to be, null and void; and
all payments made on such account shall he recoverable
back by any person interested therein, without limitationof
time; and that no member of the present Congress, or any
person related to him within the levctical degrees of pro-
hibited marriages, shall ever receive an assignment or trans-
fer of any bounty land granted under this act, all such trans-
fers and assignments being, hereby declared to.be null and
void, ab initio,
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania to give way for a moment, that I
may offer an amendmentto the bill. I only hope
that the gentleman who has the floor will modify
his amendment, so as to move also to strike out
the seventh section, which proposes a general
increase of pensions, for which I see no necessity.
I am not disposed to see all present pensions in-
creased. I hope, alse, the gentleman will move to
strike out the thirteenth section, which seems to
be so general that the Commissioner of Pensions
cannot tell whether it will require thirty, or a hun-
dred, or two hundred millions of acres to satisfy it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have prepared an
amendment to the bill. It proposes to strike out
the seventh and the thirteenth section, and makes
two or three other slight changes in the bill; and I
desire, as soon as I can obtain the floor, to offer it
as a substitute for the entire original bill. I would
inquire of the Chair whether pending a motion to
commit, a motion to amend is in order f
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GROW. It is not my purpose to trespass
long on the patience of the House. Nor would 1
at all at this time, save to state briefly the reasons
for my action on this bill. It is an ungracious
task at any time to refuse a request made in the
name of those who have served their country
amid danger and death. And the men who go
foith in the hour of trial to uphold her standard
and vindicate her honor are deserving, it is true,
of a more substantial reward than tears to the
dead and thanks to the living. But what real
benefit do you propose to confer by this bill ? It
simply grants a land warrant of one hundred'and
sixty acres of land to each soldier. Of what use
is this warrant to him } These veterans of your
battle fields are grey with age, and most of them
close on the confines of the grave. Will they,
then, in their old age, leave their present homes,
and tear themselves from the society of their kin-
dred and the spots around which tendril the asso-
ciations of their earlier years, and seek a new
home in the wilderness. Sir, no one expects this
to be done. It is not, therefore, for the purpose
of furnishing them homes that this grant of'land
is made. The soldier, then, must go into the
market and sell his warrant before he can derive
any benefit from this grant. And if the statement
of the Commissioner of Pensions be correct, that
it will require two hundred millions of acres of
land to satisry this bill, the soldier will receive but
a mere pittance. Most of the Mexican warrants
sold for sixty and seventy dollars, and these would
command a less price, for a much larger amount of
land will be thrown at once upon the market, thus*
giving a new stimulus to land speculation and en-
tailing upon the new States its consequent evils,
and upon the labor of the country, injustice and
wrong. While professing to confer a benefit tinon
the soldiers of the country by this bill, the o'rsly
parties really benefited would be speculators m
bounty land warrants. Then, why not keep the
land and prevent its absorption by speculators,
and grant money to the soldier. A hundred and
