1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
regularly mustered into service, are not entitled to
any land unless they actually served fourteen days.
Such absurd inconsistencies in the bill shows it to
have been made up of shreds and patches,and that
it was passed by the Senate without that grave
and considerate attention which its importance
demanded. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] was right when he said such evidence of
haste and indigestion had rarely ever before ema-
nated from a deliberative body, and it behooves us
to subject its provisions to a closer scrutiny than
they have yet received.
Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. It pro-
poses, if the conjectural estimates from the Inte-
rior Department are'to be credited—and I know of
no reason to doubt their accuracy—to absorb from
one to two hundred millions of acces of the public
lands, should the bill pass in its present form.
The estimate is, of course, conjectural, but more
reliable data upon which to predicate an estimate
is in that office than is possessed by any mem-
ber on this floor. Prom the letter of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions read yesterday to the House, I
assume that this great anaconda will swallow up
at least one hundred and fifty millions of acres of
the public domain. Is the bill, then, one of little
consequence, and to be passed without deliberate
consideration ? The friends of the bill claim for it
a favorable consideration upon the ground that
this bounty is for the benefit of the old soldiers.
It is an argument which addresses itself to our
feelings, if not to our understandings. I appre-
ciate and admiie their patriotism; I honor them
for the service they have rendered the country in
the days of peril; but, sir, it is a delusion to sup-
pose that those old soldiers, upon the credit of
whose patriotism this bill is pressed to its passage,
are to be the recipients, in fact, of this munificent
bounty. Their share of the bounty will be small,
indeed, when agents and speculators shall have
pocketed the several amounts that will certainly go
into these hands. 1 shall demonstrate, if the basis
of this calculation is correct, that much the larger
part of this princely donation must go into the
coffers of capitalists and speculators.
I do not believe that the old soldiers will receive
more in actual cash than one fifth of the value of
the land to be absorbed by the warrants they are
to receive, if the bill passes.
The number of acres is conjecturally estimated
at one hundred and fifty millions. Their value,
Ht Government price, $1 25 per acre, will be
$187,500,000; certainly a very large sum. In this
connection, by way of episode, let ir.e say, Mr.
Speaker, the demand was made on yesterday, with
all these provisions in the bill, and with this enor-
mous sum involved, by the friends of the measure,
for the previous question; and the effort was made
to force the bill through the House without amend-
ment, and without a single remark being mode in
opposition to its principles or details. It appeared
to me that the friends of the measure relied much
more for its passage on general undefined patriot-
ism than upon the logic or merits of the measure
itself. Luckily they were defeated; the previous
question was not seconded, and now weare allowed
to examine and expose its incongruities. But to
return from this digression. Now, sir, one hun-
dred and fifty millions of acres is the amount of
land 
Mr. BENTON. To start upon.
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir, to start upon, one hundred'
and fifty millions will be required. Now, if you
■will examine the reports of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for a few years past, you
■will find that the quantity of lands sold for the
purposes of actual occupation and cultivation,
does not exceed four million acres per annum.
During the last year, when money was abundant,
and speculations were highly stimulated, it is true
that ten millions of acres were sold. Butthe year
before, only four million five hundred thousand
■were disposed of; and, in my opinion, for many
years to come, the annual average of new lands
for cultivation and settlement, will not exceed that
amount. But 1 will assume that five millions will
be necessary to supply the annual demand upon
the public lands for settlement and cultivation.
You give, under this bill, warrants for one hundred
and fifty million acres. How long will it take to
absorb all these lands when the actual demand is
but five million acres per annum ? Most of the war-
rants will be issued in the course of three or four
years by the additional force which will be placed
in the Pension Office for that purpose, and you
will then have cast, within that short space of time,
upon the market warrants for one hunt! red and fifty
million acres, when the annual demand will not
exceed five million acres.
It will require a lapse, then, of thirty years to
absorb the warrants which you propose to issue
under this bill. Yes, sir, thirty years for the de-
mand to exhaust this supply. What, then, will
these warrants be worth? How much will the old
soldier be able to realize per acre for his sacrifices
in the wars. Their value must, from every known
law of trade, when supply so greatly exceeds the
demand for use or consumption, diminish to a
very low point. Will it be unreasonable to as-
sume the price at which they can effeet sales at
twenty cents per acre? The supply the first year
exceeds thirty times the demand. What will the
warrants be worth ? If this bill passes, it is
doubtful whether sales could be effected at twenty
cents per acre. The old soldiers, whom gentle-
men here are so very solicitous to serve, will
receive, out of this stupendous grant, $30,000,000,
all told, while the speculators and capitalists will
receive the remainder, amounting to not less than
$157,000,000. Contrast the bounty; the merito-
rious subjects of the bill receiving only one fifth,
while the remaining four fifths goes to those who
did not serve the country in any of its wars.
Mr. SOLLERS. I want to know upon what
authority the gentleman from South Carolina as-
serts that all these proceeds will go into the hands
of speculators?
Mr. McNAIR. I desire to know upon what
data the gentleman bases his calculations in refer-
ence to the amount of land that will be required ?
How can he tell how many deaths have occurred ?
1 should like to know upon what data he bases his
calculations?
Mr. ORR. I will tell the gentleman. My cal-
culations are predicated on the conjectural esti-
mates of the Interior Department. They are
supposed to be informed in reference to these mat-
ters better than any member of this House can
possibly be. It is their business. They devote
their whole time to the subject.
Mr. McNAIR. But how can they tell how
many deaths have occurred ?
Mr. ORR. They have the data upon which to
make these calculations, and I merely take them
as true. Now, in reply to the question of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Sollers.] I
have shown the data upon which 1 have made my
calculations, and if he had listened to my remarks,
I think he would have seen what it was.
Mr. SOLLERS. My friend from South Caro-
lina does not understand ine at all. He has made
a calculation on which he founds the fact, or the
presumption, that the value of these public lands
1 is to go into the hands of speculators. Now, I
want to know on what authority he makes that
statement?
Mr. ORR. Very well; I will tell the gentleman.
The land warrants that you give under this bill
are assignable. They can be transferred. What
is the history of your acts of 1847, of 1850, and
1852? How many of the soldiers who did the
service ever entered the lands granted by those acts
in the western country? -Not one in fifty. It is
true they received more than twenty cents an acre.
But when you put this quantity of land scrip into
the market, when one fourth, or perhaps one half,
of all the beneficiaries are in necessitous circum-
stances, desirous of raising money, and forced to
go into the matket, you will find that the value of
these warrants will be regulated bv the quantity
of the supply-in the market; and if it is known
and seen that it will require thirty years,according
to our former progress, to take up all the warrants
which you grant, is it not a just inference that the
price will be down even to a point below that which
I have assumed ?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, (interposing.) It
appears to me that the gentleman sets out with a
wrong computation. He is arguing upon the
itiea that this bill ia to be passed precisely in the
shape in which it now is. I ask hun what amount
will be required to meet the demands of the bill,
if the thirteenth section be stricken out? I think
it will not be more than twenty millions of acres.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the thirteenth section
be stricken out, it will not take twenty millions of
acres.
Mr. ORR. If the honorable gentleman from
Illinois will turn to the annual report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office which was
made out before this question was started, ana
see the warrants that have been granted under the
acts of 1850 and 1852, he will find,! think, that the
proofs in the office now will amount to more than
that sum, to make up the deficiency of forty and
eighty acre claimants to one hundred and sixty
acres as provided in this bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina permit me to say a word ?
Mr. ORR. What does the gentleman say about
the sixty thousand marines?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina permit me to say, that nearly
all the soldiers who served in Mexico have received
the entire amount of one hundred and sixty acres;
they are out of the calculation. The soldiers of
the war of 1812, all who were in the regular Army,
received one hundred and sixty acres, and they
are out of the calculation. In all the cases where
they have survived the war of 1812, and where
their service was six months or a year, they hare
received, under previous acts, one hundred and
sixty acres, and they are out of the calculation.
I ask the gentleman, then, to consider how few
survive who will receive the additional grant, and
tell me if the amount will be as enormous as he
says it will ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, (Mr. Our yield-
ing.) Let me state in connection with what the
gentleman from Illinois has said, that I learn from
a gentleman of veracity that he has had a conver-
sation with the Commissioner of Pensions who
told him, that the whole amount of land that would
be absorbed by this act, if it were passed, would
not exceed twenty-five millions of acres.
Mr. DAWSON. Without the thirteenth sec-
tion ? -
Mr. TAYLOR. Nothing was said about any
particular section.
Mr. ORR. I have nodoubt thegentleman from
Tennessee has heard this statement, and perhaps
it is immaterial that I should ask the name of the
gentleman who makes it, but I think that when
the matter comes to be sifted, it will be found
that there has been a sad misunderstanding be-
I tween the gentleman's informant and the Com-
missioner of Pensions. The bill commences by
providing for everybody who has been in the ser-
vice since 1790. It begins with 1790, and comes
up to the present time. It extends to every indi-
vidual who has been engaged in an Indian war,
and not only that, but it exlends to every friendly
Indian who has been engaged in the service of the
United States. It not only does that, but it eoes
upon the high seas, and provides for the sailors
and marines who have been engaged in any war
since 1790—including Tripoli and the Barbary
Powers, I presume. Their number is estimated
by the Commissioner of Pensions at sixty thou-
sand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. ^Vill the gentleman
from South Carolina permit me to make a single
statement here ?
Mr. ORR. Yes; if the gentleman will be brief.
Mr. RICHARDSON, in none of the Indian
wars have marines or seamen been engaged.
Mr. ORR. Except a few marines in the Florida
war.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would ask thegentle-
man how many of the soldiers in the regiment,
that went from South Carolina into the war with
Mexico eight years ago, survive to-day ? I can
state to the gentleman that of the four thousand
men who started from Illinois not half are living
to-day. Of the soldiers who served in the wars
previous to that with Mexico not one in fifty sur-
vives; and when the gentleman comes to analyze
the bill, he will find that the amount given is small
indeed.
Mr. CHASTA1N. Let me state in this con-
nection that of a company of one hundred and
three who went to Mexico from my town, but
fourteen are now living.
Mr. WALSH. You will find plenty of substi-
tutes for the dead.
Mr. ORR. I assume, sir, that your officers
who were charged with this matter under the res-
olution sent to them from this House, a few days
Since, inquiring how much land would be required
"""'•''f vejT bi'l. would give you the most
correct information. It is information infinitely
more correct than that derived from mere hearsay
