1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ness is pressing, and I will go as far as he can, or
dare go, under proper circumstances, to expedite
the public business; but he has too much experi-
ence to believe that this body is in a temper to
finally dispose of the important matters to which
he alludes this evening. We know very well that
there will be r.o quorum present to-night.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate between the
gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman from
Ohio is out of order.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I suggest that the gentle-
ircan yield the floor to me for the purpose of mov-
ing that we take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
[Cries of" Agreed!"]
The CHAIRMAN. - Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield for that p'urpose?
Mr, PHELPS. My object is to expedite the
public business. It appears that the committee
wish an evening session, and not wishing to detain
it any longer, 1 move that the committee take a
recess until seven o'clock this evening. I wish to
discuss the amendments to the Army bill. There
a,re others who wish to express their views on the
subject.
Mr. EDGERTON. Are not the debates during
the evening session unrestricted as regards the
topic?
The CHAIRMAN. That will depend, so far
as this evening's session is concerned, on the order
which the committee now makes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri, so as to make the
committee take a recess for the purpose of general
debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman first
allow the Chair to understand the question of
order raised by the gentleman's colleague?
Mr. EDGERTON. My question of order was
this: I understand the resolution adopted by the
House to provide that evening sessions shall be
for the purpose of general debate. I hold, there-
fore, that if an evening session is held, it must be
for the purpose of general debate.
Mr. PHELPS. i will modify my motion then,
so as to move that the committee take a recess
until seven o'clock for the purpose of considering
public business.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will still move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, as he
now submits it, by substituting the motion that
the committee take a recess until seven o'clock, for
the purpose of general debate. -
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will be
first upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to move that the
committee do now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
motion that the committee take a recess having
been made first would take precedence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is a motion that
the committee take a recess amendable?
The CHAIRMAN, hi the opinion of the
Chair, under the resolution of the House, the
motion is amendable.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I will not appeal from
the decision of the Chair, but I think it is wrong.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. Does not the resolution of
the House providing for these evening sessions,
make the debate general in such sessions, without
any further action of the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
for the committee to decide.
Mr. MIDDLES WARTH. Mr. Chairman, I
think that when the House passed the resolu-
tion 
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not debat-
able. The resolution of the House is in the fol-
lowing words:
Resolved, That for the remainder of the present session,
all deba'p in the Committee of the Whole House on the
stale ot the Union shall be confined strictly to a discussion
of \ho proposition undor consideration, unless during such
evening serious as a majority of said committee may order
for the exj>r«'sw purpose of general debate.
Mr. M1DDLESWARTH. Well, sir, I hold
that the committee have no right to alter the char-
acter of that resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not so proposed. The
question is now upon the proposition of the Gen-
tleman from Ohio, that the House take a recess
until seven o'clock, for the purpose of general
debate.
Mr. FARLEY. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parley and
Henu were appointed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if it is in the power of this com-
mittee to take a recess without the order being
made by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
committee to take a recess.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the Chair allow me to
propound an inquiry?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must say again
that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. PHELPS. To avoid the necessity for a
division of the committee, I will withdraw the
motion to take a recess for the purpose of attend-
ing to the public business. It seems to be the wish
of a majarity of those present that the committee
should meet for the purpose of general debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is only
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon, at half past five o'clock, the com-
mittee took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSIOST.
Shortly after seven o 'clock, the Chairman again
called the committee to order.
Mr. YATES obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee then rose, informally, and the
Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Letcher) having taken
the chair, a message was received from the Sen-
ate, by Mr. Asbuky Dickins, their Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate agreed to the
amendments of the House to the following bills:
An act to grant to the State of Ohio the unsold
and unappropriated public lands remaining in that
State;
An act extending in certain cases the provisions
of the act entitled "An act to extend preemption
Tights to certain lands therein mentioned," ap-
proved March 3, 3853; and
An act to prevent mistrials in the district and
circuit courts of the United States, in certain cases.
Also, that theSenatehad passed withoutamend-
ment, the bills of the House making appropri-
ations Cor the transportation of the United States
mails by ocean steamers and otherwise, during
the fiscal years ending 30th June, 1855, and 30ch
June, 185G.
And also, that the Senate insisted on their
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill, dis-
agreed to by the House, and asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. YATES then replied to the speech hereto-
fore made by Mr. Stephens, of G-eorgia. He was
surprised to hear thatgentleman and others assume
the position that the result of the elections lost fall,
returning to the next Congress a triumphant ma-
jority opposed to the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, was not to be regarded as a test of the
popular sentiment upon the subject of the Nebraska
question. Prom the first dawning of our national
existence down to the present time, never had a
public measure received such a withering and
blighting rebuke as the Nebraska bill passed by
the last session. The condemnation of the public
had swept over that measure, its aiders and abet-
tors, like the wasting and destroying sirocco. By
the result of the fall elections, as he understood it,
freedom had nobly vindicated herself, and showed
herself capable of rising superior to the domina-
tion of political parties and aspiring political lead-
ers. The Nebraska question was the dominant
issue in the late canvass,and the result had been a
total overthrow of an Administration which came
into power upon a tempest of popularity. In no
State in the Union was the defeat of this measure
so signal as in Illinois; for it must be recollected
that she was the banner State of Democracy, and
that, while other States had occasionally failed,
she had never faltered in her fealty to the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. GOODRICH spoke of the Kansas Emigra-
tion Society, of which he was president. It was
his intention to justify the principles and purposes
of that organization upon the principles and policy,
and public, political, and moral sentiment of the
country at the time this Government was formed.
I f he could not do this, he would abandon the prin-
ciples and purposes of that organization. He spoke
at length on the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied to the speech of Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, made some time since, and
entered into an argument to prove the error of the
assertion of the latter gentleman that slave labor
is better calculated to develop the resources of the
country than free labor. Mr. C. also adverted to
other subjects connected with slavery.
Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia, in brief terms, dep-
recated the subject of controversy between his
colleague and the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BANKS replied to a speech of Mr. Keitt,
in which the latter gentleman had referred to the
character of the Federal party of Massachusetts in
the war of.1812. In further reply to that speech,
he argued to show that the head of the Church of
Rome did claim the power of directing the temporal
affairs of those who embrace the Catholic faith.
Mr. ICEiTT rejoined at considerable length.
In the course of his remarks an interesting dis-
cussion ensued between Messrs. Keitt,Soujers,
and Banks, as to, the course which the Kno w-
Nothing party will pursue "on the subject of sla-
very.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.] ^
Mr. FLORENCE. I had intended to review
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio in thetr
connection with this subject, but as the hour is
very late, I do not desire to speak this evening. I
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
And the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore (Mr. Mii.lson) having taken the chair,
Mr. Hendricks reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the amendments of the Senate to the Arn y
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to submit a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of taking
up two or three pension bills to put them upon
their passage. As there are so few members
present, I shall not ask fcr avotenpon my mo.ion
now, but I desire that it may be entered m case
opposition should be made to taking up the bills
to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
half past twelve o'clock) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 1, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There is a very long
Journal. I move that the reading of it be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before'the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
Washington, February 27, 1855.
To the Senate and
House of Representative's of the United States:
I transmit to Congress herewrh a communication of this
date from the Secretary of the Interior, and recommend
that the appropriation therein aski'rt for to * made.
FRANKLIN" PfERCE.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURJNfE, of Illinois,
the message, with the accompanying communi-
cation, were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the following message:
Wxshingtok, February 27, 1855.
To the Sena'e and
J-Ioins of Reprttentptive* of the United Stute
I communicate herewith, for the consideration of Con-
gress?, a letter of tins date from the Seer tary of iho hit rior?
and me accompanying papers, rec<>uiiw piling certain ap-
propriations on account of the ^-rvire.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
*.On motion by Mr. HENJN, the message and
accompaning papers were referred to the Com-
mittee of Waya and Means, and ordered to b.t
printed.
