1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
tances of our posts, and < ur relations with,the Indian tribes
and the principal European Powers.
" It is conceived, however, that a satisfactory view of it
nay be taken without discussing topics so extensive and
indefinite."
**********
"The military establishments of 1802 and 1808 have been
admitted, almost universally,to be sufficiently small. The
latter, it is true, received an enlargement, from the uncer-
tain state of our foreign relations at that time; but the for-
mer was established at a period of profound quiet—the
commencement of Mr. Jefferson's administration—and was
professedly reduced, with a view to economy, to the small-
est number then supposed to be consistent with the public
tafety. Assuming these as a standard, and comparing the
present establishment {taking into the comparison the in-
crease of the country) with them, a satisfactory opinion
may be formed on a subject which otherwise might admit
so great a diversity of opinion."
**********
" It will appear that our military establishments, at the
respective period*, taken in the order of their dates, present
an aggregate of 3,323,9,998, and 12,656. It is obvious that
the establishment of 1808, compared with the then wealth
and population of the country, the number and extent of
military posts, is larger in proportion than the present; but
the unsettled state of our relations with France and Rug-
land at that period renders the comparison not entirely jint.
Passing, then, that of ItOS, let us compare the establish-
ment of 1802 wuh the present. To form a correct com-
parison, it will be necessary to compare the capacity and
necessities of the country then with those of the present
time. Since that period our population has nearly doubled,
and our wealth more than doubled.
" We have added Louisiana to our possessions, and with
It a great extent of frontier, boih mantune and inland.
With the extension of our frontier, and the increase of our
commercial cities, our military posts and fortifications
have been greatly multiplied. Document marked O exhib-
its the number and position of posts in the year 180J, and
document D those of the present time, by a reference to
which it will be seen that at a former period we had but
twenty-seven posts, the most remote of which were, to
the North, at Mackinaw, and to the South, at Fort Siod-
dert, on Mobile river; but now we have seventy-three,
which occupy a line of frontier proportionally extended.
On the lakes, the Mississippi,Missouri, Arkansas, and Red
river, our posts are now, or will be shortly, extended, tor
the protection of our trade and the preservation of the
peace of the frontiers to Green Bay, the mouths of the St.
Peter's and the Yellow Stone nv# r, I3HI^poirit,aud Nachi-
todies. Document marked E exhibits a statement of the
extent of the line ot our frontier, inland and maritime, wuh
the distance of some ot the more remote post* from the seat
of Government, drawn up by Major Long, of the Topo-
graphical ngineers, from the most approved maps.
" If, then, the military establishment of 1802 be assumed
to be as small as was then consistent with the safety of the
country, our present establishment, when we take into tiie
comparison the prodigious increase of the wealth, popula-
tion, extent of territory, number and distances of military
posts, cannot be pronounced extravagant; but, on the con-
trary, alter a fair and full compar^on, that of the former
period mu-t, in proportion to the necessities and capacities
of the country, be admitted to be quite as large as the pres-
ent ; and on the assumption that the estab;ifhin«nt was as
email as the public patety would then admit, a reduction of
the expense of our present establishment cannot be made,
with safety to the public service, by leduong the Anny.
In coming to this conclusion, I have not overlooked the
maxim that a large standing army  s dangerous to the liberty
of the country, and that our ultimate reliance for defense
ought to be on the imnua. Its most zealous advocate mint,
however, acknowledge that a standing army, to a hunted
extent, m necessary; and no good reason can be a^si^ned
why any snould exist but which will equally prove that the
present is not too large. To consider the present Army as
dangerous to our liberty partakes, it is conceived, more of
timidity than wisdom."
Comparing the capacity and necessities of the
country with what they were in 1818—the period
of Mr. Calhoun's report—and adopting the same
firocess of reasoning, to what conclusion would if
ead us as to the proper strength of our Army ? If
population be the standard of comparison, our
Army now, as compared with that of J818, should
be thirty-six thousand two hundred and seventy-
eight. But 1 concede that, whilst population
may, amongst European Powers, form a standard
by which to regulate the size of an army, (their
military establishments being equal to about one
hundredth part of their entire population,) it forms
no accurate basis to regulate the strength of an
army tn this country, i'he army is needed there
to hold the people m subjection to the Government.
We have no such use for it here. But if you will
take the legitimate subjects of comparison, our
extended territorial area, the number of our mili-
tary posts, the increase of our Indian population,
. their possession and proficiency in the use of fire-
arms, the extent of emigrant routes through their
territory, their growing desperation, resulting from
Joss of game, and the extent to which they are
now hemmed in on all sides, north, south, east,
and west, by the advancing tide of white emigra-
tion, it would be no exaggeration to say that our
Army now, compared to what it was in 1818,
should be at least fifty thousand in strength. But
no such increase as that is asked for. The four
new regiments now proposed will not make our
actual available strength much beyond twelve
thousand men. General Scott, in his testimony
before the military committee, in speaking of the
slidingscaleproposed by which a company might,
at the discretion of the President, be increased from
sixty-four to one hundred, according to the vary-
ing exigencies of the service, but which sliding
scale has not been adopted, says:
" Under the proposed augmentation, and the discretion
green to the President, the establishment might he set down
at nineteen thousand privates; yet, for the reasons men-
tioned, we should never have on the pay rolls, at the same
time, more than fifteen thousand five hundred, and present,
fit for duly, fourteen thousand eight hundred."
But the discretion referred to by General Scott
has not been vested in the President, so that the
utmost actual strength of the Army, which, with
the proposed increase, we can calculate upon will
be about twelve thousand privates.
Now, sir, will any gentleman hesitate in voting
for an increase of the regular Army, because of the
additional burden which it will impose upon the
public treasury? I stand here prepared to demon-
strate that it is a measure of economy, of clear,
plain, undeniable economy. Does any man sup-
pose that a failure by Congress to provide the reg-
ular and constitutional means of defense, will
prevent the people or their agents in the States
and Territories from contracting, under the great
law of self-preservation, expenditures to four times
the amount, whenever the emergency demands it.
Look at the history of this country for the last
twenty years and tell me what have you saved by
your penurious policy in restricting the regular
Army to its present small number. Loolt on the bill
now in your hands which appropriates $137,755 38
to defray the expenses of the Texas volunteers.
This morning I received a communication from
the Secretary of War, asking me to have added to
the appropriation bill §108,000 to pay the five com-
panies just ordered out by General Garland for the
protection of the people of New Mexico. Show
me a single session of Congress, since I, at least,
have been a member of the body, that from a
quarter to a half million of dollars, and some
times a million of dollars, have not been appropri-
ated to pay the volunteer forces of States and Ter-
ritories, because of the deficiency of your regular
military force. It is well known that your diffi-
culties with the Sac and Fox Indians in 1832 cost
you §3,000,000, that you made definite appropria-
tions between 1836 and 1841 to subdue the Semi-
nole Indians of $18,000,000; and that the aggregate
of your expenditures for the last twenty years, in-
dependent of the support of your regular Army,
has exceeded $30,000,000, and this, exclusive of
loss of life, of labor, and of property, exclusive
of the withdrawal of fifty thousand citizens from
their ordinary productive employment, and the
immense increase to the pension list. Sir, let no
man tell rr.e in the face of these admitted facts,
that an increase of your regular establishment is
not a measure of economy, as it certainly is of
justice, of humanity, and of constitutional obliga-
tion.
Go to the War Department, and examine the
bills presented by these volunteers, for their own
services and the use of their horses, in those con-
stantly recurring Indian expeditions, and you
will see where true economy would lead you.
Why, sir, charges for the use of a horse, upon
short service, where the horse was brought back
safe and sound by the owner, have, in repeated
instances, seven times exceeded its value. And
the present Secretary of War, with all his rigor,
could only enforce a rule that the compensation
lor a horse, returned sound, shall not more than
twice exceed its value. You cannot dispute these
requisitions made for volunteers. You must rec-
ognize the propriety of the call in all cases, for
you are conscious of your own delinquency, in not
providing a sufficient regular force. You cannot
dispute their bills—and if you can, you will not
dispute them. Sooner or later, they are all paid,
no matter how unnecessary the call, or how unrea-
sonable the prices charged. I believe, sir, that the
Committee on Military Affairs has exhibited the
first instance, this winter, of overruling one of
these claims. Not that we dared to reject it.
Sir, no; we postponed it for further proof. It
was the claim of the volunteers for New Mexico,
for services against the Indians in the summer of
1854. Well, the acting Governor of New Mexico
appeared before the committee after its postpone-
ment, to ask a reconsideration, and to exhibit the
necessary documentary proof of the claim. He
was earnest, and eloquent in pleading on behalf
of those four hundred volunteers, and exhibited,
in glowing language, their sacrifices and suffer-
ings. Amongst the papers that he handed to me,
was an official communication from himself to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, bearing date the
30th of May, 1854, minutely describing the acts
and proceedings of the troops. In looking overit,
I was attracted by the following passage: "The
militia of this Territory is in a most pitiable
condition. The best armed men of the counties
were detailed, and not one in five of them has
a gun, among the whole four hundred now in
actual service, and there is not to be found five
pounds of powder." Well, 1 inquired of his
Excellency how they succeeded under such cir-
cumstances m killing the Indians which he spoke
of. He said the militia had stoned them to death.
Now these, and all such claims will pass, and
they cannot be successfully resisted. And you
are thus paying high prices for four hundred vol-
unteers, without powder or guns—when a single
company of regulars, at one sixth of the cost per
day, would do More efficient service than a regi-
ment of such militia.
Mr. Calhoun, in 1818, as I have before shown,
and in 1821, whilst the Secretary of War argued
with great ability and power against a reduction
of the Army, and yet, notwithstanding his pow-
erful and unanswerable reasoning, the Army wag
reduced in the latter year to six thousand men.
Let us now see, so far as history can guide us,
the consequences of this improvident reduction of
our military establishment. I think it may be
fairly asserted that since that period, we have ex-
pended largely upwards of $100,000,000 in Indian
and other wars that might have been avoided, if,
by a wise foresight, we had placed at the command
of the War Department, a military force commen-
surate with the wants and necessities of the coun-
try. It is stated in a report of high authority, and
seems to be universally conceded, that if there had
been a regiment available near St. Louis in 1832,
the war with Black Hawk might have been easily
avoided, and it rests upon equally high authority
that these scenes of devastation and savage warfare
which overspread the Ploridas for nearly seven
years, and cost the country some $30,000,000,
might have been avoided if two regiments had
been at the command of the War Department. .
And it may with equal historical truth be said,
that if our Government, instead of pushing for-
ward a small force of two thousand men in the
face of a large Mexican army, had occupied the
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
with a well organized army of even eight thousand
men, the war with Mexico migh t have been avoided
—but in all these instances, the smallness of our
force offered inducements to the attacks upon us.
And now, sir, I have no hesitation in saying, that
if we are, in the course of the approaching spring
and summer, to be involved in the expenditures
and bloodshed of a general Indian war, it is sus-
ceptible of the clearest demonstration, that it may
be traced to the neglect of Congress in not respond-
ing promptly and favorably to those repeated ap-
peals made by the Executive to increase its means
for the defense of the country.
Amongst the several propositions now pending
before the committee, feeling myself driven to a
choice between an increase of the regular Army
and the employment of an equal number of
mounted volunteers or rangers, I cannot hesitate
between the two. I decidedly prefer an increase
of the regular Army, and I will briefly assign my
reasons for that conclusion.
1. It is the proper and constitutional force to
be employed in the service contemplated. It is
the means of protection and defense provided by
the Constitution for the precise purposes for which
it is now asked. Power is given to Congress to
call forth the militia to suppress insurrection, and
to repel invasion; and when that call is properly
made, it will be promptly responded to by the
patriot hearts of the nation. Indian wars upon
our remote, unsettled frontiers present no field
for the exercise of that patriotic feeling. Duty
does not require the sacrifice; ambition need not
seel it. It is well remarked by Fisher Ames,
that " it is not in Indian wars that heroes are cel-
ebrated; although it may be there that they are
