1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
West? I grant you if you are to transport vol-
unteers from this side of the Alleghanies, and pay
the expenses of their transportation to the frontier,
then the volunteers would be more expensive than
the regulars; but in this case it is expected the
volunteers will be raised near the scene of action,
some of them in Missouri, Iowa, Arkansas,Texas,
and probably some of them in New Mexico, and
some of them, perhaps, :n the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon. You wiil get volunteers near
the place where they are to be employed.
The gentleman from Virginia, to sustain his
position, referred to the estimated expenses of a
company of dragoons for six months, and the
expenses of a company of mounted volunteers
called from the State of Tennessee into Florida,
during the Seminole war, and contrasted the ex-
penses of the dragoons and mounted volunteers.
He shows that these expenses are as §13,000 to
$23,000; but I say that the contrast is a very un-
tairand unjust one, and I will demonstrate to every
member of this committee that the statement of
the expenses contained in the document to which
■the gentleman refers is not reliable.
Tne pay for volunteers is estimated at seven
months and six days, while that of the regulars is
estimated at six months, as the record shows. In
the estimate for the regulars have you included the
cost of horses? Have you estimated the expenses
of transporting the soldier from the place where
he enlisted to the place where he performs his ser-
vice? Have you estimated anything for horse
equipments for mounted soldiers? Have you esti-
mated the cost of enlistment? The statement
upon which the gentleman from Virginia relies
embraces no estimate for those expenses. The
average value of horses procured for the service of
the United States, in 1837, in the Seminole war,
was estimated at something like $160. Now, it is
a well known fact to every person in the country
that, at that period of time property of every de-
scription was very high. It appears, from the
report of the quartermaster general at this time,
that the average value of horses is about §120 a
piece. The estimate submitted by General Tow-
son is the expense of a company of dragoons for
six months; and 1 have added to it an estimate for
the horses which these soldiers are to ride, at §120
per head, of §17,322. I have added an estimate
for the transportation of soldiers, calling it $10 a
head, which is the amount estimated by the quar-
termaster general, and 1 have added an estimate
for horse equipments and expenses of recruiting,
making the cost of a company of dragoons, in all,
some $24,736. General Towson makes an estimate
for the company of dragoons of §13,573, which
embraces clothing and subsistence. To recapitu-
late, I add to it the estimated cost of horses for the
use of these dragoons, which, at the price now
asked for horses, would amount to $7,320. I add
the amount of transportation now estimated at $10
a head, which makes $610; for recruiting, §15 per
head,§915; and i ndu to this an estimate tor horse
equipments §2,318, making in all $24,736; the
actual cost of a company of dragoons for six
months in the service of the United States. The
same documents show that the cost of a mounted
company of volunteers, for six months, is §22.575,
even if they be paid for one month and six days
more, in going to the place where they are mus-
tered into the service, and returning to their homes
from the place where they may be discharged. 1
ask gentlemen if I have not shown the cost of a
company of mounted volunteers is less than a
company of dragoons in the Army. I dislike to
have statements presented for the purpose of dis-
crediting ihe services of the citizens when called
into military service, and to induce this committee
to reject the proposition for volunteers, the best
troops for the service required—to adopt a prop-
osition for troops which will be less efficient than
the volunteers, and that, too, on the score of
economy. I will ask you what kind of troops
you desire to go upon the plains? Do you desire
efficient men, or men who have been broken down
by disease and dissipation? Look at the returns
of the Army. Many of the soldiers have been
discharged in consequence of disability; and al-
though they may go through the formality of an
examination at the time of their enlistment, I am
satisfied, for I am so assured by officers of the
Army, that there are many persons who are unfit
for the military service at the time they were
enlisted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Missouri if he is not aware that
every soldier, before he is enlisted into the service,
is examined and thoroughly inspected?
Mr. PHELPS. I spoke of that; but, notwith-
standing the examination so made, many persons
have been received into the service who were soon
afterwards discharged for want of the proper phys-
ical qualifications.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to state one fact
to the gentleman from Missouri. During the year
ending 1st of September last, more than fourteen
thousand persons presented themselves for enlist-
ment, of which number more than four thousand
were accepted, and the officers say they have
been enabled to make selections of better men than
formerly.
Mr. PHELPS. The explanation offered by
the gentleman from Virginia only substantiates
the truth of the remarks 1 made. 1 stated that it
had been the practice to receive into the service of
the Army, men who were supposed to be able-
bodied men, but who were not sound, as they
should have been,and whom it became necessary
to discharge very soon after they were enlisted.
When there are many persons seeking to enlistin
the Army, as a matter of course the recruiting
officers make a selection; but after all the examin-
ations I submit whether persons have not imposed
themselves upon the recruiting officers, as able-
bodied men, when they were not such; men who
are really not able-bodied, though they appear to
be such; and men who, the moment you subject
them to hard work, fail in being able to discharge
the duties imposed upon them, and have to be
discharged as unlit for military duty. Such is the
experience of every man who knows anything
about it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would also ask
the gentleman if he does not know that volunteers
are examined before they are enlisted?
Mr. PHELPS. Most certainly. An officer,
before he musters a company of volunteers into
the service, must ascertain whether, in his opin-
ion, the men are fit for the discharge of military
service, and if not so satisfied, he will not muster
them into service.
Mr. SMITH. They have to be examined by
a military surgeon.
Mr. PHELPS. I must appeal to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] because I
do not know, and have not been able to ascertain,
to inform me how many mounted troops we have
in the service? 1 ask him if there are any other
than three regiments—the two regiments of dra-
goons, the rifle regiment, and the eight companies
of light artillery.
I only desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that with from eighteen hun-
dred to two thousand mounted men in the service
of the country, the average expenditures of the
last three years has been something like §186,000
per year for horses, and that, too, for the purpose
of keeping the troops in the service mounted. I
am aware that those who are opposed to the em-
ployment of volunteers, say that they lose their
horses while in the service of the country, and
come afterwards to Congress and implore Con-
gress to x-ecompense them, and remunerate them
for the loss. Now 1 desire to call the attention of
the committee to the fact, that for the last three
years the expense of keeping mounted eighteen
hundred troops has been §186,000 a year, almost
enough to purchase for each mounted man in the
service a horse. This shows that those mounted
troops—those which you advocate, (addressing
himself to Mr. Faulkner,) on the score of econ-
omy—require a horse for each man each year.
I submit to to the committee that the expenses
incurred by a regiment of mounted volunteers is
less than that of a regiment of regular mounted
troops. If you wish to arrive at correct results,
let the comparison be made of the cost of a reg-
iment of regulars and volunteers in the Mexican
war. If you please, you may compare the cost
of the regiment commanded by Colonel Doniphan,
raised in my own State, and. which marched from
the frontier of Missouri, through New Mexico,
and Chihuahua, to the Rio Grande, with either of
the regiments of dragoons, and I predict when-
ever it shall be made, continuing over a period of
one year, it will be found that the expenses of a
volunteer regiment are less than the expenses of
a regiment of regulars.
I say also that for the present fiscal year, you
have appropriated, as far as the action of this
House is concerned, the sum of §200,000 for the
purpose of purchasing horses for the mounted
troops, and that upon estimates which were not
based upon the expectation of the existence of
any hostilities with the Indians. The average
expenditureis §200,000 for the purchase of horses.
Talk with any officer of the Army, and he will
tell you that the probable loss of horses for each
year is twenty-five per centum, but the expenses
of the Quartermaster's ^Department show that
the loss of horses is nearly one hundred per cent-
um per annum. Now, will the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] ascertain the cost of
each horse, as shown by the expenditure from
year to year, and add such cost to the estimate
which General Towson submitted as the expense
of a company of dragoons? Will he calculate
the cost of enlistment, the value of the horses
and horse equipments, of transporting from the
place of enlistment to the point of destination, of
every member of that company; estimate the cost
of keeping their horses each month, and add all
those expenses together, and communicate to this
committee the result, and then I will leave it to
their judgment to say which force is the cheapest,
volunteers or regulars.
Entertaining the opinion I do, I can come to no
other conclusion than that the volunteers will be
the most efficient. They will be immediately on
the spot. The force is needed, as the President
and Secretary inform us, immediately, and these
men ought to be on the frontiers, ready to go upon
the plains. Your regulars cannot be raised in
time. How does the gentleman from Virginia
expect to have these regulars—these four regi-
ments—in the field before the next autumn? If
Congress adopts the amendment for raising four
additional regiments and it be approved by the
President, that force cannot be in the field before
next fall. Where, and how are they to be re-
cruited ? It ia said that many of the officers are
to be appointed from civil life, and that tney will
soon fill up their companies with those who are
acquainted with them to serve for five years. It
is proposed to have them in the field by the first
of May; but 1 predict, without fearing contradic-
tion, they will not enlist the requisite number be-
fore September next. If you permit these officers
to raise their respective companies, the Govern-
i ment will be doing a monstrous injustice to men
! who have enlisted to serve under these officers if
they be transferred to other regiments and put
under other commanders. Is the gentleman pre-
pared to justify such a course ?
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary tells us that every
mail brings information of atrocious outrages com-
mitted by the Indians. General Garland, com-
manding in New Mexico, has felt himself called
on to order out five companies of volunteers for
! the purpose of protecting the frontier settlements.
' The Indians have come down from the mountains,
and have swept in terrible destruction through the
settlements. The herdsmen have been Icilled,
citizens diiven from their homes, their property
consumed, and their children captured. Indeed,
sir, these Indians make regular descents upon the
New Mexican people,for the purpose of capturing
and retaining among them whatever children they
may fall in with.
I would refer,Mr. Chairman, to the Ward mas-
sacre if it had not been already drawn to the atten-
tion of members. That party was on its way to
Oregon, and nineteen of them were murdered by
the Indians. A few days afterwards another
party on the same trail met a like fate. The mail
party have been attacked. Our troops have been
cut up under Lieutenant Gratton, near Fort Lara-
mie. We have had engagements with the Indians
in Texas and New Mexico. We are now called
upon to protect the emigrant across the plains,
ii All who are acquainted with the Indians express
the opinion that we are to have a general war with
them. I fear every mail will bring us the intelli-
gence that our citizens have been killed by the
Indians. ,
Therefore, I say, Mr. Chairman, if we intend
to afford protection to the people who are travel-
ing across the plains, and those who live in the
Territories, against the attacks of these nomadic
tribes that he must prepare the means for that
purpose immediately. Protection promised in
September will not do. Protection promised next
