1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to debate 1
the question
Mi. STANTON, f do not intend to debate it, ;
but I wish to state the reasons why I take an !
appeal. j,
The CHAIRMAN. It is right for the gentle- f
man to state from what he cakes an appeal, but
not the reasons which govern him. 1
Mr. STANTON. 1 will state from what I do ]
appeal. Here is a proposition made by a Repre- :
sentative on this floor to purchase, for the use of
the Government, the {feoiusand labor of an Amer* !
ican mechanic, and, although in the employment :
of the Government, he has invented a series of j
machines which have saved thousands and thou- !
sands of dollars to the Government  1
Mr. SMI Tfcl, of Virginia. I rise to n question !
of order, that the gentleman cannot debate the i
proposition J
Mr. STANTON. I amstatingthe proposition i
itseh-  !
Mr. WALSH. Will the Chair enforce order? !
Mr. STAN1 ON- I have had six years' expe-
ience as a member of this House, and I never '
knew the privilege denied to a gentleman before
to state the reasons why he takes an appeal from j
a decision of the ( hair.
The C£IAIRMAN. The Chair would be very
glad to hear (he reasons of the gentleman, but ob-
jection is made hy several gentlemen, and ttie Chair
must sustain the objection, because the question
is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. It is equivalent to talcin? my
rights away as a Representative upon this floor.
A Member. Aopeal.
Mr. s> I ANTON. I have appealed, and I wish
to state the grounds of my appeal.
The CUAiR VlAN. X would hear, with great
pleasure, the ieasons of the gentleman, butdebate
is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend to debate the
question, but merely to state the proposition itself.
1 take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair to say where a gentleman submits a prop-
osition and the Chair rules it out of order, that he
cannot state what that proposition is?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides no such
thing; but he decides that the question of appeal
is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend to debate it,
I merely intended to say that an American mechanic
of gieat genius had invented a large number of
machines, although he was m the employment of 1
the G jvernment at the time—machines which |
were valuable to the Government, and from which ,
the Government has realized a saving of thru- :
sands and thousands of dollars each year. The :
proposition of toe gentleman from Massachusetts ;
[Mr. DickinsonJ is, if I understand it, to pay that :
man for his genius; but gentlemen object to this
proposition as being out of order, because u pro-
poses either a change of existing law, or because
it is in conflict with some rule in regaid to the
presentation of private claims 
Mr. PHELPS. Js this question debatable?
Mr. STAN TON. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is simply to pay him
for his genius and for inventions from which the
Government has realized an immense benefit.
Mr. PHELPS, i desire the first clause of the
55th rule to ue read. I made the question of order
against the amendment.
"No motion or propo-mon d'lfrrent from tlie subject
under couMderauon shall be admitted under color of an
am< ndmeut.''
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not to carry outany existing law
known to the Chair. The Cnair also decides that
the amendment is not germane to the Senate
amendment which it proposes to amend. For
these two reasons the Chair decides th-. point of
order well taken, and rules the amendment out of
order
Mr. PHELPS. I believe the question is now
upon concurring in the Senate amendment, in
which the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concuirence.
The question was put; and theamendment was
concurred in.
The ei2inh amendment next in order.
Mr. PHELPS. There are several amendments
just here all of the same character, in all of which
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
concurrence. The apj-ropriati >n«8 contained <n all
these amendments are estimated for by the proper
Department—'he Secretary of War; and the Sen-
ate have inserted the amounts m the bill. The
amendments to whi^h I lelerare the eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and tweifih. They are all for mili-
tary roads in the Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection is made
the amendments, will be read, and the vote taken
upon them in gross.
No objection being made, the several amend*
ments were read, as follows:
Eighth amendment:
To complete the load from Point Douglass on the Mis-
sissippi river, to the mouth of the Si. Louis river, of Lake
S<ip< nor, in Wisconsin, §31,213 00.
Ninth amendment:
To complete the toad from Point Douglass to Fort
Gaine<, now Port Ripley, §13,494 09.
Tenth amenJment:
To complete the mad from Swan river to the Winne-
bago a^eiu j, $2,335 39.
E'evenih amendment:
To complete the road from Wabashaw to Mendota,
$13.1-71 7(j. The said road to be completed under the
direction <>i the tiecreiary ol War.
Twelfth amendment:
To com Iffc tho road from Mendota to the Big Sioux
rivei, $J7,475 f>8.
Mr 8 VU TH, of Virginia. I offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the twelfth amend-
ment, which has just been read. It is for military
roads in the Tetr.tory of New Mexico
Mr. PHELPS. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia that the amendments which have
just been read make appropriations for roads
which have already been commenced under exist-
ing laws.
Mr SMITH. Let my amendment be read,
and I will satisfy the committee that the amend-
ment. is proper, and ought to pass.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
"That the sum of $32,0'0 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in Hip T ea«urynot other
ww appropriated, to b« cx,>end< d under the direction of
the,Secictary of YV.ir, in the miuun r following, namely:
§10,0.10 for 'he imorovt meat of the road liom Fort Union
to Santa Fo; $10,U.0 for the improvement of th« road lr<-m
Stcalote to All)iK|UPique, via ('anon Blanco and Canoa
Carnue ; and $0,000 for ihe improvemeni of the load from
Canada to Abiq tea ; all the said roads being in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
Mr. SMITH. I will state to the committee,
that the amendment which I have offered is a bill
which was reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs for the improvement of roads in the
Teiritory of New Mexico, and i offer it here be-
cause I want to get the bill through. It was a
Senate bill, passed that body, and had been re-
ported back to this House by the committee I
have named with a recommendation that it should
pass. The Delegate from New Mexico has not
had one single dollar appropriated for him this
year, and he came to me, and asked as a favor
that I would offer this bill as an amendment to
the Army bill. For that reason I have done it,
and I hope the committee will pass it.
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, 1 will make one single remark about the
amendment he has introduced. As my colleague
has said, the amendment was reported as a bill
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and I will
simply state that the committee were unable to
obtain from the Delegatefrom New Mexico inform-
ation as to the necessary wants of his Territory,
for the reason that he is unacquainted with our
language. But the committee leported unani-
mously in favor of the bill which my colleague
now offers as an amendment, and I think the
committee should pass it-
Mr. HOUSTON. I jhink the gentleman from
Virginia, instead of offering that as an amendment
here, had better rely upon the indulgence of the
House to take up the bill and pass it whenever
the committee goes into the House. The Senate's
amendments are before the committee for concur-
rence. Now, from every indication, some of the
appropriation bills, and this among the rest, are
in danger of being lost. It is better to lose this
amendment than to lose the entire bill. If it be
put into the bill, it wiil have to go before the
Committee on Finance in the Senate, to undergo
the routine of discussion and examination, and
that will delay action upon the bill to the great
danger of its being lost.
Mr. SMITH. I hope thegentleman fmm Ala-
bama wfil not object, but allow the amendment to
go in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to-raise a
question or order, nor am i going to speak to the
merits of the amendment. But. I ask the gentle-
man rather to appeal to the House to take up and
pass it as a separate bill.
The qoestum was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Smith; and it was agreed to-
The question then recuhmg upon concurring m
the several amendments of the Senate above re-
ported , aa amended, it was put; and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Alter the twelth amendment of the Senate, insert the1
following:
cm.* . —. jiud be if further enacted, That the Seer- tary
of War, with tho approval of ihe Pre'-id 't.t of thf Umt  d
States, he authotwd i<> allow and pay, u«id* rthe i>tovi>ion
of th<i act < f March 3, ltf49, out oi tin- military contribution
fui d under Ins control, to r>ueh per*nu3 in the ■ ivi' ^crvico
as were engaged in the setih m^nt of 'lie a counts anting-
und*rMich lund, the -ai c rate of compensation as was
allowed to th'- p' o-ons belonging to tlie W tr Department
and tho quartermaster g-tKral^ service: Provided, The
amount.-* so allowed shall not exceed to any one pi rson,
with the salary aheady received, the eai>n of §'1,600 per
annum previous to the Iht day of July, l£53.
Mr. PHELPS, i rise to a question of order.
The amendment proposes to change the existing
law, and is not germane to the bill under consid-
eration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not connected with the subjectunder
consideration. It seems to be entirely discon-
nected from it The Chair, therefore, hoids the
point of order well taken, and rules the amendment
out of ord<T.
Mr. STANTON. I see in th s bill, as it came
back from the Senate, various sections proposed
as amendments to the bill, and I only propose to
add an additional section. I knowtheamendment
is not piecisely germane to the one which imme-
diately precedes it, but it comes in very appropri-
ately, as it relates to a matter exclusively under
the cognizance and jurisdiction of the Department
of War, and it provides pay for services rendered
to the War Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in order.
Mr. STANTON. There are several amend-
ments made to the bill by the Senate, but 1 do not
propose it as an amendment to an amendment, but
as an independent section between the twelfth and
thirteenth sections.
The C H A1RM AN. The Chair understands it.
Mr. STAN TON. These amendments of the
Senate are in the shape of independent sections,
and I offer mine in the same form.
Tne CHAIRMAN. But there is no amend-
ment of the Senate upon the subject contained in
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON. But they relate to the affairs
of the War Department.
Thirteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 2 Jindheit further e/wcted, That the board of offi-
cers appointed under tho «ixih section of the act making
appropriation* for the support of tho Armv for the year
ending June 30, 1853, approved August 31, 1852, is hereby
au'honztd and directed, in addition to the powers and
dimes already conferred upon it, to extend its examinations
to claims arising fiom the destruction of property bv the
troop* serving tmdnr ihe command of Lieuteo mt Colonel
John C. Fremont, in California, in the year* 1846 and 1847,
by his orders, a*w  11 as for the destruction ofprop- rty by the
enemy, caused by the occupancy of the claimants'premises
by the &aul United Slates troop*; that the said board is
eennowered to summon and examine witnesses under oath,
and take testimony iti California (if necessary) and else-
where ; that tor the payment of the claims repe-r?ed favor-
ably upon by the hoard ia its report to the Secretary of
Wai,dat'd 5th December, 1854, Executive document 8,
Thiriy-Thnd Oongiess, .-r cond session, including that num-
bered 197, beins the. riaim of Santiago E. ArgmJIo, and
amounting to §11,58% and f r the compensation of tho
members of said board for, and dm ing, their period ol sor-
viee as such, at a rate not exceeding per annum each,
deducting thwrefrom their Army pay, the sum 01"$40,546 be,
and the panic is lierebv. aptropriated out of any money in
the Treamrv not otherwise appropriated ; and the Secretary
of tin Tieat-ury is hereby nuthoriz >d and directed to pay to
the treasurer of said hoard, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of ."510,1 no for the
contingent expenses of the said board, including therein
office runt and clerk's hire, stationery, fuel, the payment of
witnesse;-' fees dulv summoned by the board, at a rate not
exceeding those paid by the United States district courts in
California or els< where, a< the ease may be, the traveling
expend of said board, not exceeding sixteen cents per mile
to each member, and other incidental expenses.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, in order tliat
