1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
pose an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ate ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir. I move to increase
the sum 010,000. Mr. Chairman, whether the
board, as organized, is a correct board, is not the
question for us to determine. The law is as it is.
Whether military men should perform civil duties
is not the question either. The question is, whether
the board, organized as it is, ought to be allowed
additional powers requisite to the public interests.
What are those interests ? Why, that the public
shall be protected against false and unfounded
claims. How is that to be done? By testimony
taken in the wilds of the Pacific coast, without
cross-examination, and without any of the ele-
ments requisite to protect the publicinterests? It
is not to be expected. The consequence of such
a proceeding is, that avast amour.t of evidence
has been sent in here, in strict conformity with all
the requirements of law, that is known to be false.
They have charged #100 a piece for mules, when
it is known that mules can be bought in thatcoun-
try for from thirty to fifty dollars. This board
has protected the Government against claims of
this character. Sir, the officers composing this
board do not ask Congress to give them these
additional powers, and to send them on this work.
The whole question is, is it for the public interests
that they should be sent there? If they are to
receive mileage, they will have to spend mileage.
I was surprised to hear the gentleman from Mis- j
souri referto that as a consideration. The whole
question is, whether they aie to be requited to
go there; and not whether they are to be per-
mitted to go there. I .say to this committee, being
somewhat acquainted with the manner in which
business is transacted in that section of country,
that the public interests require that this board
shall be commanded ?o go there. I say it is indis-
pensable that the California!! who testifies should
be confronted by his judges, and subjected to
cross-examination. J therefore think that the
amendment of the Senate ought to be adopted.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I am opposed
to the amendment, and. ask for a vote upon it.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment; arid it was rejected.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it in order for me now
to speak to the amendment of the Senate. |
Tne CHAIRMAN. It will be if the gentleman ;
offers an amendment, but not otherwise. !
Mr. McMULLlN. Well, I move to strike out ;
the iast ten lines of the amendment. Mr. Chair- ,
man, I desire .he attention of the committee, for it ;
is not my purpose to say one word for the benefit I
of my constituents. This is a very important bill. ■
I shall not stop here to discuss the question as to
the policy of increasing the Army, whether by
voluntary enlistment or tmder the rules of the
standing Army. I am perfectly satisfied that there
ought to be an increase 
Mr. LILLY. Is this in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Virginia does not undeistand the
question before the committee. We are now con-
sidering an amendment in reference to the Cali-
fornia board.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I withdraw my
amendment, and will reserve my fire for another >
occasion.
Mr. WALSH. I move to strike out "§10,000, -
in the thirty-second line. 1 have heard it said,
theologically, that there is more joy in Heaven
over one repentant sinner than over ten just men;
and it has been with a great deal of satisfaction
that I have found my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] now, nearly at the close of the session,
after having voted for nearly every claim that I
regarded as obnoxious, so eager in his attempts to
protect the Government against the just claim of
one whom I regard as one of the purest men that
ever existed. As I understand the extension of this
commission, it is simpl y intended to reach the case
of one man, who has neverobtruded himself upon
anybody—one man whose name and fame I had
heard of repeatedly before ever 1 put my foot upon
the floor of this Hall—I refer to Colonel Williams;
and if the committee will allow me one or two
words of explanation, I think I can easily satisfy
them that there is a difference between destroying
the enemy's property and destroying the property
of one of our most faithful friends.
Colonel Williams was in California some fifteen
or twenty years before the breaking out of the
war, and had a large plantation of several thou-
sand acres. His house was always an asylum
and a home for every one of his countrymen who
wanted protection. When the war broke out,
with the instinctive patriotism of a true man, he
took sides with his own countrymen, and was
driven from his home by the Mexican troops.
When Colonel Fiemont arrived there with his
men, he did not find Colonel W illiams in posses-
sion of his property, but he found that the ene-
mies of his country had driven Colonel Williams
from his home. Between them they destroyed
nearly every vestige of his property, left his house
so that it has since only been a fit resort for owls
and bats, and cut down all his vines and trees, so
that they will never again grow during the short
remnant of time left him in this world. I now
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SKELTON. I moveto amend theamend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the two last
lines, which read thus:
"The traveling expenses of said board, not exceeding
sixteen cents per mile to each member, and other incidental
expenses."
This proposition appears to me as one of those
which have been recently multiplying to a great
extent. We have in the Army, and in the Navy,
and in the civil service, commissioners in various
parts of the country; and we have recently added
to that sort of organization another board of
claims. And what will it amount to? It will
amount just to this, that we shall have to pay
traveling commissions all over the country, hunt-
ing up claims against the Government of the
United States.
Now 1 think it is time that this course of policy
should be stopped. It is not only mulnplying
offices, multiplying traveling expenses, and multi-
plying incidental expenses, hut it is multiplying
claims against the Government to such an extent,
that the Government is absolutely overrun with
claims of various kinds—and very few of them
having any justice in them. Sir, the court of
claims recently organized by this House, without
debate or investigation, has established not only
a board of judges here, an attorney and clerks,
but it authorizes the court to send commissioners
all over the country hunting up evidence to sub-
stantiate claims against the Government.
Now, I think that since the last central board
has been organized all other boards should be dis-
continued; and if any individual has a just claim
against the Government, it should be the business
of that individual to come and present his claim.
It is not the business of courts to hunt up these
claims. It is the business of the claimants to
come and present their claims against the Govern-
ment. My opinion is that these claims are multi-
plied to an extent which is beginning to be felt by
the people of the United States. So far from
affording any further facilities to such claims, it
should be our business to prevent the Treasury
being preyed upon by depredators. I hope, sir,
that the commission will not be established for the
investigation of this particular class of claims, and
that we will not have commissioners sent all over
the Union hunting up claims against the Govern-
ment. If the claims are not worth coming here to
look after, let the claimants do without them. I
think that the people are sufficiently robbed without
multiplying more of these offices. But besides
the evil of having these additional offices multi-
plied, they aregieatly detrimental to the com-
munity in their effect in multiplying claims ad
infinitum against the Government. 1 hope, there-
fore, this section of the bill will be stricken out,
and that we will hear no more of this fishing for
claimants against th6 Government in order to get
money for their private claims.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from New Jersey,
Mr. SKELTON. I ask leave to withdraw it.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate, and it was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment of the Senate:
Ss-c 3. Jlni! >>e if further enacted, That the provisions
of an act ptmilptl " An net for the payment of ihe civil offi-
cers employed in Ihe Territory of New Mexico while under
military government," approved July 17, 1654, be, and the
sime are hereby, extended to Hinhrare the case of Lieu
tenant Colonel J. M. Washington, deceased, late ot the
Armv, for and during the period of his appointment and
service as military Governor of New Mexico, ex officio'
superintendent of Indian affairs, and commander 01 the
troops prior to tiie fonnation 01 the civil government.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrence in that amend-
ment, and for the following reason 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
I propose the following amendment:
At the end of ihe fourteenth amendment of the Senate
add the following:
And that the Secretary of War may, under the provision*
of the aetof3dMarch, 1649, pay out of the military contri-
bution fund, to such persons in the civil service as wfire-
engaged hi the settlement of the accounts arising tinder ihat
fund, the same rate of compensation as was allow* d to
persons! belonging to the War Department ami quartermas-
ter's service: Prowhd, The whole compensation of suehf
persons shall not exceed the sum of per annum.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
on that amendment. The amendment of the gen-
tleman proposes to give pay to military officers for
thedischaige of civil duties under the civil gov-
ernment of New Mexico. The proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky is, 1 believe, to pay-
civilians who discharged service in a military ca-
pacity out of the military contribution fund it
is not germane, and is not in order under the fifty-
fifth rule.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate is to extend the provisions of a certain law,,
so as to give certain military officers additional
compensation for certain civil services which ihey
rendered. My amendment is to extend the pro-
visions of another law, and give compensation to
certain civil officers who performed service in a.
military capacity under that law. The gentleman
from Missouri says that my proposition is not
germane to the amendment of the Senate. They
are the offspring of a pair of brothers. They are
therefore cousins, and cousins germane. One is
the offspring of the civil service, and the other the
offspring of the military service.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky i 
not in order.
Mr. STANTON". The Senate propose to ex-
tend the provisions of one law. The proposition
which i make is to extend the provisions of an-
other law.
The CHAIRMAN. It is another law, and
has an entirely different set of provisions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Missouri says that the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate. 1 am surer
sir 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend ?
MrvSMlTH. I suppose it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to dis-
cuss the amendment without submitting a prop-
osition to amend it.
Mr. SMITH. If the committee recommend a
non-concurrence, is it not in order to state the
reasons why we should agree to the proposition or
susreestion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to debate
the amendment, unless the gentleman offers an
amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I offer an amendment to strike
out the words " until his return home," after the
words " New Mexico." I beg the committee to
observe th<\t thi? gallant officer, who is now no
more, and who went down in the San Francisco,
with all the ruin, distress, and loss of life, accom-
panying that melancholy catastrophe, was Col-
lonel Washington, who had been in New Mexico
officiating in a civil as well as a military character.
There is not agentleman upon this floor but knows
that, in the position of civil governor of New Mex-
ico he was subjected to great expense, in addition
to his private personal expenses. He was the
leading man of the country, had to receive ana
entertain company and was obliged to incur the
usual expenses incident to his new position; a^?d
to say now that the benefit of ihis provision of the
Senate, designed to include him ai well as all others
similarly situated .shall be denied to him is a prop-
osition which I should have scarcely expected from
the gentleman from Missouri. Not only was this
benefit extended to General Btley, but he was
allowed the large sum of $20 000, by express ap-
propriation, to cover the expenses to which he was
subjected while acting as territorial Governor of
California. It was only yesterday that a bill
was passed extending to General Mason a similar
