1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
benefit. I say it would be mmstrous to deny to
this gallant man the benefiis of the provision con-
templated by this amendment of the Senate. 1
hope, therefore, that the amendment of the Senate
will be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman does not seem
to understand the provisions of the law of which
he is speaking—a law which passed no longer
ago than the last session of Congress, and a law
which, 1 presume, received the assent and sanc-
tion of the gentleman himself. The duiies dis-
charged by Colonel Washington in New Mexico
are not like those discharged by General Mason,
nor like those discharged byGeneral Riley. Large
amounts of money passed through their hands,
and both these gentlemen made collections under
ordeis issued by the Administration during the
prosecution of the war with Mexico. They were
allowed commissions upon their disbursement of
moneys, and not allowed a fixed salary.
Mr. SMITH. That was the only way to pay
them.
Mr. PHELPS. At the last session of Con-
gress we passed a law providing i'or the payment
of officers discharging civil duiies ill New Mexico.
No contributions were levied, and no money
was collected there. Colonel Kearney, when he
went to New Mexico, was appointed civil Gov-
ernor there, and several other gentlemen were
appointed to dischaige the duties of secretary,
judge, &c. Before the organization of the terri-
torial government in New Mexico, the office of
Govern ir being made vacant by death, Colonel
Washington being the chief officer in command,
discharged the duties of civil Governor for a
short period of time. At the last session of Con-
glees we passed a bill providing for the payment
of the salaries of the civil officers in New Mexico,
with this proviso:
"Provided, That under tlie provisions of tins act no com-
pensation &hall be allowed any officer of tin' Auny of tlie
United States for disclmrgms the duiies of any civil office
ill (lit1 Territory of New Mexico."
This is the provision of the law which the
amendment of the Senate proposes to repeal.
Mr. SMITH. It ought to be repealed.
Mr. PHELPS. We happen to disagree upon
that subject. I do not consider that the mere fact
of Colonel Washington's bravery and gallantry
has anything to do with the justice of this claim.
Mr. SMI f H, of Virginia. Let me call the at-
tention of ihe gentleman to a clause in the amend-
ment. It is this:
"That the provisions of an act entitled 1 An act for the
payment of the civil oilieers employed in the Territory of
New Mexico while under military government,' approved
July 17, 1854, lie, and the same are hereby, pxteinh d to em
brace the cane of Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Washington,
deceased, late of the Army, lor and during llie perioj ot inn !
appointment and service fin military Governor of New Mex-
ico," &c.
Mr. PEIELPS. Why should Colonel Wash-
ington be named more than any one else ?
Mr. SMITH. Because he was the Governor,
and performing those additional duties.
Mr. PHELPS- I ask this committee if they
desire to aee this Army bill, which is designed for
making appropriations for the support of the
Army, loaded down with private bills? Do you
desire to see upon these general appropriation
bills, everything incorporated which ought to pass
in separate bills by themselves ? I do not. The
Committee of Ways and Means do not, and for
these reasons that committee recommended anon-
concurience in the Senate amendment.
Mr. SMITH withdrew his amendment, no ob-
jection being* made.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the Senate amendment; and it was decided in
the negative.
Fifteenth amendment:
f*EC. 4. JinA bp it further enacted, That the eum of
$(30,000 be, and the snmn is hereby, appropriated, to be ex-
panded under the direction of the War Department in the
purchase and importation of camels and dromedaries to be
employed for military purposes.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] who has charge of this bill. I wish to
know whether the Secretary of War would have
the power, under the provisions of this amend-
ment, to import Arabs into this country to take
care of the dromedaries? They do not understand
our language, and it would seem to be useless to
bring them here.
Mr. PHELPS* I was about to eay that the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend d
concurrence in this amendment; but 1 have no
desire to enter into any explanation of it. The
Secretary of War is in favor of introducing drom-
edaries, for the purpose of testing the use of them
upon the plains.
Mr. R0WE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the fifteenth section before a vote is taken upon
it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And $1,696 15, to settle a deficiency in the appropria-
tion lor building lour steam dredge boats in use by the War
Department on lakes Champlain, Erie, Michigan, and
Ontario, to be applied to the payment for materials, tools,
machinery, and labor furnished iu painting said boats.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not germane,
and therefore not in order.
Mr. ROWE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not object. Allow me to say that this
amendment was proposed in another place, when
the Bouse went into committee on this bill some
three or four days ago, and objection was made
then, not because the appropriation ought not to
be made, but because it was offered in an improper
place. The chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs has permitted me to ofFer this amend-
ment at the end of the fifteenth Senate amendment,
believing himself that it is in order, and 1 concur
with him in that opinion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York states thatthis amendment is favored by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and asks the favor
that no objection be made to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair must rule
it out of order.
Mr. ROWE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his objection. The amend-
ment has the indorsement of the Secretary of
War. Itis perfectly correct, orit would not nave
been indorsed by the Department. 1 hold in my
hand the papers Rent in by the War Department.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is not with-
drawn, and the amendment cannot be received.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
fifteenth Senate amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say I do not
want this amendment lost, simply for the reason
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
did not concur with the Committee of Ways and
Means in recommending a concurrence. The
heads of the War Department have for years rec-
ommended an appropriation for this purpose, and
I think the results of the experiment will prove
invaluable to the country.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 72, noes 2; whereupon,
Mr. WHEELER called for tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman fiom
New York will withdraw his demand for tellers,
and let the amendment be concurred in, and when
we get into the House we can have a vote upon it
by yeas and nays.
Mr. WHEELER. I have let in several things
in that way, and when they were taken up in the
House they have gone through, and I do not
mean to do it again. I cannot withdraw.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment as well as the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WALSH. I do not think there will be
any difficulty about getting a quorum on a vote
by tellers, for I understand that there is a large
number of members up stairs regaling themselves.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a mistake.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Bridges
and Botce were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 42.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
*dnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the first
section of the act entitled, " An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1851," approved September 28, 1850, granting extra
pay toihe officers and enlisted men of the Army serving
in Oregon and California, be extended to the officers and
men composing the garrison or" the post of Fort Laramie,
on ihe Oregon route, for the same period of time as was
allowed by the &txth section of the act of 3d March, 1803,
to the officers and men of the two companies of regiment
of mounted riflemen that garrisoned Fort Laramie; and
that the provisions of the same section of the same act be
also extended to the officers and men composing the escort
of M>xican boundary commission while tliey were serving
ee such escort.
Mr. PHELPS, The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 roov? to amend by
adding the following:
And that the provisions of the same act be extended to
the officers and men of the regiment of New York voiun-
tei^s, under ttie command of Colonel John D. Stevenson,
serving iu California, while serving in that Slate.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
on the amendment. The amendment changes the
existing law. It will increase the pay of the
volunteers during the period of their service. It
is not applicable; it is not germane. The prop-
osition of the Senate is not to increase the pay of
the officers and men serving in California, but the
officers and men of two companies Of infantry-
stationed at Fort Laramie. <,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not think that the
gentleman's point of order can be sustained. My
amendment is to extend the same act that the
Senate's amendment proposes to extend. Their
amendment extends it to officers and men in one
locality; mine to officers and men in another.
The CHAIRMAN. Although the Chair does
not understand the gentleman very well, he will
rule the amendment to be in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Chairman, I now
ask the attention of the committee to an explana-
tion of the amendment. The officers and seamen
of the Navy of the United States who served
during this same period upon the California coast
have had the benefits of a Bimilar provision. The
regular troops who served in Californiaat the same
time have had the benefits of the same provision;
and I know of no reason why the officers and men
of the New York volunteers; who first went out
to California, and who were there during the war,
who underwent all the hardships of that new and
then unsettled country, should not be placed upon
just the same footing as the officers and seamen of
the Navy and the officers and men of the regular
troops, to whom 1 have referred. I never under-
stood why this mere act of justice to these officers
and men has been so long delayed. I think there
can be no good objection to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One objection to the
gentleman's amendment is this: The New York
volunteers went out to that country at the public
expense. It was where they wished to go; and
after having got there, they were soon discharged,
having performed but little service. That is not
all. Not wishing to return, they were paid for a
constructive return. They did not return; they
had too much good sense to leave that country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. How was it that the
New York volunteers wanted to go to California?
Gold had not been discovered there at. that time.
Mr. SMITH. I am stating a matter of fact.
Those volunteers went to California at the public
expense, and, after discharging but little service,
they were discharged. They staid there,and went
to work. Some have grown very rich, and become
members of Congress, and what not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They, like other volun-
teers, were discharged away from home.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from California. I will call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that this increased
pay comes- 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Discussion has been ex-
hausted oil the amendment. I shall not be allowed
reply, and I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state that the gentleman's
amendment 
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I call the gentle-
man to order. Debate has been had for and against
the amendment, and is now exhausted.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri is not in order in now submitting remarks
on the amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will modify my amend-
ment, for the purpose of being enabled to reply to
the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then i would ask a
question of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committee take
a recess until seven o'clock this evening. I wish
to have an evening session for business.
