1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
Mr. DISNEY. Let us go into the House, and
then adjourn until seven o'clock this evening. If
that l>e done, when we come here in the evening
the House can go into committee for the consider-
ation and disposition of the Army bill, or take up
other busine.-s for action, if the committee take
a recess, it can dispose of no business except that
before it as a committee.
Mr. KEJTT. Then I withdraw the motion
for a recess, and move that the committee do now
rise. My purpose is to advance the business of
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the committee
intend to dispose of these Senate amendments, let
them do it to-night. If we go into the House and
adjourn to meet at seven o'clock, we will not get
into committee during the evening.
The CHAIRMAN.' The Chair holds that a
majority vote can control the committee.
Mr. DISNEY. If my suggestion be adopted,
we can meet this evening in the House, and go
on with the business acted on during the morn-
ing. Fifty gentlemen would be able to have a
disposition made of the business which they have
in charge, if we come back as a committee, they
cannot h-ve that opportunity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt about it
being: competent for us to take up any business
we please. When this bill shall have been dis-
posed of I shall move to take up the Military
Academy bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. IvEITT. I have moved that the committee
take a recess until seven o'clock for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of the public busi-
ness. Does not that motion take precedence?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
being made first will take precedence.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 rise to a question of order.
X submit that the committee have no right to take
a recess for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that thpy have that right.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the Chair is wrong.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia take an appeal?
Mr. SEWARD. Not now.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I wish to
know distinctly whether the recess, if it be taken,
is to be for the purpose of general debate, or for
continuing the public business ?
The CHAIRMAN. For the consideration of
the public business.
Mr. PR1NGLE. Have the committee the right
to take a recess for that purpose?
The CHAIRMAN. They have,
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know what has become of my motion
that the committee rise? I insist upon that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the motion of the gentleman from South Car-
olina—that the committee take a recess—being
made first, must be taken first.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is clearly in order for the
committee to take a recess. It is in order under
the rules and practice of the House; and it is
clearly in order under the resolution adopted by the
House. I drew that resolution myself, and drew
it with especial reference to this very question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is in order, both under the general rules of the
House and under the resolution which has been
adopted during the present session. The gentle-
man from Georgia appeals from this decision, and
the question will be, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I desire to expe-
dite the business of the House as much as possi-
ble. I will withdraw the appeal.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Keitt's
motion; and it was agreed to;
And the committee thereupon, at half past four
o'clock, took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled, and were called to
order at half past seven o'clock, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon concurring in the following Senate amend-
ment:
Sec. 5. J3nd be it farther envcteJ) That the provisions of
the first section of trie act entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year ending
30th of June 1851," npproved September 28, 1&.0, granting
extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the Army
serving in Oregon and California, be extended to the offi-
cers and men composing the garrison of the post of Fort
Laramie, on ihc Oregon route, for the pame period of time
as was allowed by the sixth section of the act of 3d March,
1853, to the officers and men of the two companies of seg-
iment of mounted riflemen that garrisoned Fort Laramie ;
and that the provisions of the same section of the same act
be also extended to the officers and men composing the
escort of Mextcan boundary commission while they were
serving as such escort.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. I move to amend that
amendment by adding the following:
And that the benefits of the said act shall aI=o be extended
to the troops of the United States who served in California
during tiie war with Mexico, and until the 1st of July, 11351),
for the period of time tliey were so serving.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri will not raise a question of order
upon my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps it will be a better way
to dispose of the amendment to allow the commit-
tee to vote it down. I will withdraw my question
of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the committee
took a recess this afternoon, I had offered an
amendment giving to the volunteers who served in
California the same pay that had been given to the
soldiers in the regular service. X then stated that
during the entire war this extra pay had been
allowed to the whole naval service upon the Pa-
cific. I then said, and I now say, that the land
force in California were entitled to be placed upon
the same footing.
New, sir, 1 give notice that I shall insist upon
the adoption of this amendment, if I can. My
statement that this extra compensation was al-
lowed for the same time to the officers of the Navy
and the seamen of the Navy, was questioned by
the gentleman from Missouri who had charge of
this bill, (Mr. Phelps.) Upon an examination
of the law, I find this provision:
" And the proper accoutring officeis of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to allow and
pay, out of anv money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the officers, petty officers of the United States
Navy, to the officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians and privates ot the marine corps, ami to the officers
and men of the revenue service, who served in the Pacific
ocean on the coast of Caliiorraa and Mexico, during the late
war Willi Mexico, and since the conclusion of the war up
to the 28th of Septenibi r, 1850, the same additional com-
pensation as has been directed to be paid to the officers and
soliUcis of the Aimy who served m California; and this
provision, allowing extra pay, as well as that contained in
the Navy appropriation act of August 31, 1852, shall ex-
tend to and include all naval storekeepers who were sta-
tioned on the Pacific coast; and the additional compensa-
tion authorized by the foregoing provision, and by the Navy
appropriation act of 18o2, shall be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of all deceased persons who would have been
entitled to tile same if living."
Now, I propose to extend the same provisions,
and place upon equal ground the officers and men
who served upon the  and in California. The
amendment that I have now proposed includes
thoseunder Kearny's command. The difficulties
of their service, and the value of their service, are
understood, I believe, all over the country. 1
place them upon the same ground as the volun-
teers of New York I differ most essentially with
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] who says
they rendered no service. After a most danger-
ous and difficult voyage, in which they underwent
great sufferings, they arrived in California, and
rendered most efficient service, as I am advised by
the history of my State.
I ask, therefore, that these men who have made
all these sacrifices shall be placed upon the same
footing with the marine corps of the United States,
with the seamen of the United States who served
upon that coast. It is but equal justice that it
should be done. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I think that to adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from California
would be setting a very dangerous precedent in
reference to our Army.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It sets no precedent.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, sir, I differ with the
gentleman from California in this respect. This
amendment is to give extra pay to the officers and
men who served on land in California in 1850.
They did not receive theextra compensation during
the time of the prosecution of the war in Cali-
fornia, yet now the gentleman comes here and
asks'us to give extra compensation to thai regi-
ment. Sir, they did not go there as soldiers; ihey
went there as emigrants. The instructions were
given by the Department that this regiment in
California and New Mexico should be discharged
there. They were discharged there, and became
citizens. Sir, there is no apology for giving these
men extra pay; and 1 hope the amendment of the
gentleman from California will be voted down.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment. 1 move to insert
after the word " officers" in the seventh line, the
word "chaplains;" so that it will read " officers,
chaplains, and men composing the garrison of the
post of Fort Laramie." The object of this amend-
ment is to extend the extra compensation which
is extended to the officers and men, to the chap-
lains. It is in conformity with the rules and usages
of the service, and I have nothing further to say.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire the gentleman
from Virginia to tell me by what law chaplains
are allowed in the Army ? Can the gentleman tell
me ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I can tell the gentleman
that there is such a law. 1 have it not now before
me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that the chaplains are regularly rec-
ognized and paid their regular compensation in the
Army.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir, I have some
little experience in this thing of war, and I was
not prayed for by a chaplain. I do notknow that
here is any law by which they are recognized in
the regular Army.
Mr. WALSH. Did the gentleman from Illi-
nois ever pray for himself? [Laughter.]
Mr. WHEELER. Perhaps the gentleman
from Illinois may be past praying for. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. If anybody needs it,
the gentlemen from New York need it more than
any other members that I know of in this House.
[Laughter.] I turn aside from them, however, to
my friend from Virginia, and ask him for the law
authorizing the employment of chaplains in the
Army.
Mr. FAULKNER. I can only inform my
friend that there is a law authorizing the employ-
ment of chaplains at military posts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is not an answer
to my question. I refer to the army in the field.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to move an
amendment, to which I think there will be no
objection. It will be remembered that Lieutenant
Beale, of the Navy 
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman state hia
amendment. It may not be iri order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state it. Itisthat
Lieutenant Beale, of the Navy, be allowed the
same compensation under this act for the time he
served on land 
Mr. PHELPS. That is not in order. I raise
a question of order upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that this
is special legislation for an individual—a private
claim—and that it is not in order as an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It simply proposes to
place Lieutenant Beale upon the same footing as
other officers.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no law author-
izing it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposed to include the chaplain at Fort
Laramie. Was not that special legislation ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir. I will change
my amendment so as to provide that officers of the
Navy of the United States who served on Isnd
connected with the Army, and carried expresses
for the Army from California to this country and
