1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
back, be allowed the same compensation. That
wilt cover a single case, the case of one of the
most meritorious officers that ever served the Re-
public, and there ought to be no objection to it
from any quarter.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair decides the
amendment out of order I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order to this section.
Mr. McDOfJGALL. Why, then, was the
chaplain's amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have
decided it out of order if the question had been
raised.
The question was then taken; and thesixteenth
■amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 6 And be it farther enacted, That the same allow-
•ance in respect of rations be hereafter made to the military
commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal in the quartermas-
ter's department as to the commandants of the arsenals in
the ordnance department.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence m that
•amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
Skc. 7. And be. it further enaded. That the laws, grant-
ing extra pay to officers and bOldters who had served in Cal-
ifornia apply to chaplains who were at ached to the army
in California during the petiod embraced by such laws.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means-recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. IJOWE. I proposeto amend that amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And rliat the military storekeeper at the Rome arsenal
New York, be allowed, from the 1st day of October,
the same compensation which is allowed by the aet of i33d
Atigu-t, 184ii, to be paid to ilv mihtaiy storekeepers .it tfic
Wa-hmgtoi^ Pittsburg, and Watervhet arsenal-, and ihat
there be paid to James S. Abeel, twenty dollars a month
for and during the turn; he has performed ilie duties of
commissary and assistant commissary of subsistence and
'quartermaster.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I raise a question of
order upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks this is
special legislation, also, and does not belong to this
bill.
Mr. HOWE, A similar provision has been in-
serted in two previous military appropriation bills.
The CEIAIRMAN. That fact would have no
bearing on the rules of the House. .Manyamend-
roents are put in in the Senate which would not be
in order here, and they are sometimes even put in
here when questions of order are not raised.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by striking out the word
" chaplains." I do not mean to insist upon the
amendment, but I wish to say that every individ-
ual at Fort Laramie has been paid, and will be
paid under this bill, except a venerable old gentle-
man witli eight children, who is excluded under
the idea that there is no authority of law for em-
ploying chaplains at these military posts.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman to order.
I submit that his amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The effect of the gentleman's
amendment would be to destroy the section.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec.8. dnd be it further enacted, That the annual distri-
bution of arms to the several States under the act approved
April 23, 1603, entitled "An act making provision lor arm-
ing and equipping the whole body of the imhua of the Uni-
ted States," shall be hereafter made accordingto the num-
ber ot their Represt ntanves and Senators in Congress,
respectively; and that arms be distributed to the Territories
and the District of Columbia, in such quantifies and under
such regulations as the President, in his discretion, may
prescribe.
Mr. PIIELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. HENN. 1 have an amendment to offer to
that section; and 1 think that, when the House
comes to understand the true situation of the mat-
ter, they will not agree to the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means. My amend-
ment is as follows:
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall first equalize,
as far as practicable, the number of arms heretofore dis-
tributed and now in possession of the several States, so that
each State which has received less than its pro rata share
shall receive the number sufficient to make an equal pro
rata proportion for all the States, according to the present
number of their Representatives and Senators respectively.
I understand that the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrencein that amend-
ment. If the gentleman from Missouri will look
at the report of the Secretary of War, he will see
the necessity of adopting the amendment, and
also of adopting the amendment which I have
offered. In the State of Connecticut, for instance,
there were three hundred and forty-two stand of
arms distributed last year, while in the State of
Illinois there were nine hundred and fifty-seven.
In the State of Texas there were only one hun-
dred and eleven, while in California, with the same
represenation, there were eleven hundred and
thirty-two, or ten times as many as in Texas.
This is caused by the irregularity of the militia
returns on which the present distribution is made.
By the adoption of the amendment of the Senate,
that irregularity cannot take place. And it is
equally necessary, in my opinion, that we should
make a prorata distribution of all the arms, accord-
ing to population. The frontier States have few
or no arms, while there a great many are actually
needed. How many have we in the Northwestern
Territory > We have only one hundred and ninety-
five in the State of Iowa.
Mr. HOWE. If the gentleman from Iowa will
allow me a moment, I shall state, in relation to
the State of Pennsylvania, that the distribution
of arms was made last year on the basis of the
returns of the previous year, and that it turns out
they fell short some six hundred muskets. The
returns of the militia for the year before last show-
ed some two hundred and sixty-eight thousand,
whereas last year the returns showed only cne
hundred and ten thousand, or one hundred and
eleven thousand. It shows the inaccuracy of the
data on which the arms were distributed. Every-
body Knows that there could not be that falling
off in the State of Pennsylvania in one year.
Mr. HENN. If the members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will read the report of the
ordnance department, page 356, they will there
find proof of the inequality of the present mode of
distribution; and they will find that for a number
of years past the change has been recommended.
Mr. HOWE. There is every reason in the
world m favor of the proposed change. Repre-
sentation is based on population. That is actually
ascertained. The necessity which the people
have for arms is in proportion to the number of
the population. These militia returns, however,
are notoriously inaccurate. The Senate amend-
ment strikes me as being a proper one.
Mr. LILI Y. I have no particular objection
to the amendment of the Senate, but I have cer-
tainly serious objection to portions of the amend-
ments proposed by the gentleman from Iowa. The
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, if 1 under-
stand it, proposes to deprive the old States, which
have their muskets now, of any distribution, until
the new States shall have received as many arms,
pro rata, as the old States.
Mr. HENN. The gentleman is mistaken
entirely. His State would be benefited by my
amendment.
Mr. LILLY. I shall object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa. If I understand it
right, the latter portion of it would prevent us
getting any more arms until these States which
had not received their prorata were supplied with
their full amount.
The question wastaken on Mr. Henn's amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate, and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
Senate amendment, as amended.
Mr. FAULKNER. I regard that amendment
of the Senate as one of some importance.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now debatable.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words " and
Senators," so that the amendment will read that
the distribution of arms shall hereafter be made
according to the number of their Representatives
in Congress. Mr. Chairman, f cannot but express
some surprise that the Committee of Ways and
Means has recommended non-concurrence in this
amendment of the Senate. Ever since 1 have been
in Congress—now four years—I know that the
Secretary of War has been every year recom-
mending that proposition to the attention of Con-
gress. And I know that every time that that
recommendation has been before the Committee
on Military Affairs w£ have invariably reported
favorably. And why, sir? The act of 1808, under
which our arms are now distributed, direct that
these arms shall be distributed accoiding to the
effective militia of the several States Now, there
is no standard by which this distribution can be
equally made. The law of Congress does not
prescribe the number of effective militia, and very
many of the States send no militia returns at all.
The consequence is that some of the States get ft
distribution of arms, and others do not.
In relation to the State of Iowa, represented by
the gentleman who has just addressed the com-
mittee, Congress, in 1853, passed a law directing,
so far as Iowa is concerned, that arms were to be
distributed to that State according to representation
in Congress; and every year the Department of
War has been recommending Congress to adopt
some fixed standard of distribution, such as that
adopted in relation to the State of Iowa. Now, I
believe that the fairest standard or basis of dis-
tribution would be the House of Representatives.
I am perfectly willing, however, that the distribu-
tion should take place on the basis of the House
of Representatives and Senate. It is absolutely
necessary that there should be such a basis, as
there is now no standard of distribution of these
arms in some of our States. Virginia, for instance,
having abolished themilitia. Thereturnsof militia
are so irregular and uncertain as to form no basis
for distribution. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment of the Senate will be adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I believe it is proper to debate
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. FAULICNER. I ask to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. PRATT, I object to that. I think the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia is
proper and right. There should be a distribution
of arms pro rata as near as possible. The distri-
bution of arms was originally designed to encour-
age a correct enrollment of the militia, or citizens
subject to military duty. When the present law
was passed it was a judicious one. But, as has
been well remarked by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, the militia is at present disbanded in some
of the States. Besides, it is to be presumed that
many of the militia returns to the War Depart-
ment are incorrect. 1 am told that such is the
fact, and I have no doubt of it. I am in favor of
the Senate amendment, with the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Virginia, to strike
out the words "and Senators," because I think
the committee cannot fail to see the impropriety
of giving to the State of Delaware, which has
about half the population of the State of Rhode
Island, nearly as many arms as theState of Rhode
Island. The object is to secure equality, and
this would be accomplished if the arms are distri-
buted in proportion to and according to the repre-
sentation of the popular branch.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the Chair whether
it is in order for my distinguished military friend
from Connecticut [laughter] to discuss the same
side of the question that has already been pre-
sented by another gentleman.
Mr. PRATT. I believe I am in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Faulk-
ner's amendment; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes thirty-eight; noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been fortunate to
differ with the committee and Chair heretofore;
and I hope that theamendment which I now offer
will be regarded as in order. I will state that it is
nothing more or less than a proposition for the
construction of a railroad from the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific coast It is more im-
portant to the military defense of the country that
the amendment I offer should pass than any other
provision of the bill, and it ought to receive the
favorable consideration of this committee.
The Clerk then proceeded to read theamend-
ment, as follows:
Thar with the v>ew of protecting the interior Territories
of the United States, and of maintaining the defense of the
; Pacific, coapt. and (or tho-^e and other Government pur-
; po-es, of nidiug m the construction of suitable railroads nnd
telegraphic communications between the Mississippi valley
and the Pacific ocean, there shall be, and w hereby, appro -
