1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
priated and set apart a quantify of public land equal to the
a'ternate sections lor the space of twelve miles on eachs-de
of said roads from their eastern to their western termini, as
follows:
One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State ot Texas, and to pursue the most eligi-
ble route to the navigable water# of the Pacific, m the State
of California; which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no necessity of read-
ing the amendment any farther. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I respectfully take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and i wish
to say one word
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. The committee are engaged in the con-
sideration of the nineteenth amendment of the
Senate, which provides for the distribution of arms
to the several States. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McDougall] proposes to amend by
adding a proposition for the establishment of a
railroad from the Mississippi to the Pacific, which
the Chair decides to be out of order. From that
decision the gentleman from California appeals,
and the question now is " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to strike out in
the sixth line, after the word " then," the words
*' Representatives and Senators in Congress re-
spectively," and insert the following:
White male inhabitants between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five, to be ascertained through the la>t census.
The proposition I submit, it strikes me, is a
much better one than a distribution according to
the number of Senators and Representatives. It
seems to me that the persons who are to use these
arms will be of the class that I have indicated in
the amendment I submit. I think it would be
much better to distribute arms to free white male
inhabitants, between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five, than in the way proposed by the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. Thegentleman from New York
proposes to strike out the words " Senators and
Representatives," and insert in their place the
words "free white male citizens between the ages
of eighteen and forty-five." Flagrant injustice
will be done to the new States if the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York be
adopted. The census is taken only once in ten
years, and this will offer an inducement for many
of the States to keep up the present militia system.
The gentleman from New York is dissatisfied
with the distribution of arms proposed by the
amendment of the Senate, and proposes that they
shall be distributed according to the number of
free white male citizens between the ages of eigh-
teen and forty-five. How is that census to be
taken ? Does thegentleman propose that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall take a census
every year, or must we depend upon the census
taken once in ten-years. If so, is it not injustice
done to every State upon the frontier ? Can we
expect that the States upon the Atlantic coast,
which have been receiving arms for the last forty-
seven years will increase as rapidly in population
as the States west of the Alleghanies, and in the
valley of the Mississippi? Would it be just to
make a distribution for the ensuing decade accord-
ing to the population which they had in 1850?
For these reasons, i am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand tellers upon the
amendment I have offered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and
jNi chols were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported-—ayes 29, noes 91.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 9. *&nd be it further enacted, That the Governors of
the several States and Territories be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sell, to the best advantage, the arms hereto-
fore distributed under the act of April 1£0^, and invest
the funds ari-mg out of such sales in other arms more suit-
able for the pmposes contemplated by said act: Provided*
That no arms be so purchased or piovidcd, except such as
may be of thr same description and caliber as those regu-
larly adopted and in use in the Army of the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 move to amend
by striking out all after "1808." Thebalaneeof
the amendment which I propose to strike out only
undertakes to direct how the States shall dispose
of the proceeds of such sales—the proceeds of sales
which they have the right to make, and which they
are accustomed to make. I move, therefore, to
strike it out, for I deny that the Government has
the right to pass a law directing how the States
shall dispose of what is their own.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise merely to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia pro
forma. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence in this amendment,
and I suggest to the gentleman from Virginia that
he withdraw his amendment and let the vote be
taken.
Mr. SMITH. I have no objection. I with-
draw it. I only desired to call the attention of the
committee to the matter.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the Army two reeiments of infantry and two regi-
ments of cavaliy, organized as in the existing force; and
that the officers and men authorized by this act shall be
eniitled to the same provisions for wounds and disabilities,
and the same provisions for widows and children, and the
same allowances and benefit*, m every respect, as are
allowed to other troops composing the Army of the United
States; they shall be subject to the rules and articles of
war, and the men shall be iccruited in the same manner as
other troopb, and with the same conditions and limitations.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to propose a substi-
tute for the amendment under consideration. It
is to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert what I ser.d to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That the President, for the purpose of maintaining peace
with the Indian tribe?-, of protecting the citizen* on the
routes of emigration in the Territories of the United States,
and the citizens inhabiting said Territories, and to suppress
Indian hostilities m the same, be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to call for and acccpt the services of any number of
mounted volunteers not exceeding in all ihree thousand,
officers and men, to bo organized as hereinafter directed,
who shall, as circumstances may direct, be employed as
rangers, scouts, and spies, and serve for twelve months,
unless sooner disebaigcd: Prowled, That the number of
privates for each company of volunteer* herein authorized
shall notexccedsixty lour: Jind pro videdfu ther,That the
said volunteers may be required to serve on foot, if circum-
stances should render such service necessary.
Sec. — Jind be it further cnactcd, That the said volun-
teers shall furnish their own hordes and horse equipments,
and when mustered into the service shall he armed at the
expense of the United States, and, until discharged there-
from, shall be subject to the rules and articles of war, and
shall in all respects, not set forih in the provisions and Inn
nations ot this act, be oigamzcd in the same manner with
the piesent regiment of mounted riflemen of the United
States Army.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the said volun-
teers so offering their services may be accepted by f he Pres-
ident in companies, squadrons, battalions, or regiments—
whose officers shall be appointed in the same manner pre-
scribed by law in the several States and Terntones to
which said companies and squadrons shall belong.
Sec. —. Jind be if further enacted, That the volunteers
who may be received into the service o  the United States
by virtue of this act. and who may be wounded or other-
wise i.isabled in the service, shall be entitled to all the ben-
efits which may be conferred by existing laws on other
persons wounded or dis-abled in the service ot the United
States.
Pec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the pay of the
said volunteers, including compensation for the u*o and
risk of hoises not killed in action, shall be a* follows:
For officers of all grades, the pay and emoluments of the
like grade m the present cojps of mounted nfl< men of the
United States Army; for sergeants, £1 20 per day ; for
coiporals, blacksmiths, farriers, and musicians, $i 10 per
day, and for privates .$1 per day: Piovided, hoicever, Thai
if any mounted volunteer, other than a commissioned offi-
cer, shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable
horse, and with serviceable horse equipments, the said vol-
unteer shall serve on foot, and shall forfeit one half his daily
pay during the period of such service dismounted: Jind
provided farther, That the pay herein allowed shall be in
lieu of all pay allowances and bounties now authorized by
law, except rations, clothing, and commutation in money
of clothing, and excep'ing all such claims ab may be valid
under existing laws for wounds or disability incurred m
service, or for horses killed in action: Provided farther,
That the quartermaster's department may furnish the vol-
unteer with horse equipments at the cost of the same to the
Government.
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe and to vary
from time to time, as may be in his judgment expedient, the
arms and equipments ot the volunteers authorized to be
accepted, or any portion theieof.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I presume that
it will be in order to perfect the Senate's amend-
ment before we proceed to the consideration of the
substitute proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, which has just been read. I do not,
therefore, intend to now submit any remarks,
although I shall when the question arises on the
substitute.
Mr RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by inserting after the
words "that there shall be added to the Army
two regiments of infantry and two regiments of
cavalry, organized as in the existing force," the
following:
And there shall be appointed, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, one brigadier general.
Mr. Chairman, if the provision be passed that
there be four additional regiments to the Army
then it is necessary to add another brigadier gen-
eral. We have now one major general and two
brigadier generals. Two regiments constitute the
command of a brigadier general. We shall not
have brigadier generals enough if the present reg-
ular force be increased as proposed. I have no
doubt about the urgent necessity for an increase of
the Army; none in the world. If I had the elec-
tion of the mode in which it should oe increased,
I would have two volunteer and two regular regi-
ments.
I take it for granted that the Army is to be in-
creased in some shape or other. It is, therefore,
necessary to have another brigadier general, so
that we shall have general officers enough for the
command of the Army. For that reason I have
moved my amendment. If the substitute of the
Committee of Ways and Means should prevail, I
will move a similar amendment to it.
Mr. BENTON a^ain addressed the committee,
in continuation of his former remarks, and which
will be published in a connected form in the
Appendix. Having yielded the floor,
The question was taken on Mr. Richardson's
amendment; and it was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 66, noes 60.
Mr. BLISS. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senate by adding thereto the following:
And shall be armed with Sharpe's patent breech-loading
rifle or carbine.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know what we are now exactly acting
upon. I submitted an amendment long since,
during the day session, proposing to stiike out
the whole of the Senate's amendment, and in-
serting what 1 sent to the desk.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment is not in order. The amendment of the
Senate is first under consideration.
Mr. BENTON. Yes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means have reported an amendment in lieu
of it.
Mr. BENTON. Yes.
The CHAIRMAN. That is an amendment to
an amendment, and until it is disposed of, under
the rules of the House and of the committee, the
gentleman cannot offer his substitute.
Mr BENTON. Well, when they are all dis-
posed of, then my amendment will come in, I
suppose.
The CHAIRMAN. If, when the committee
get through perfecting the Senate's amendment,
the amendment proposed by the Committee of
i Ways and Means shall be voted down, then the
1 gentleman from Missouri can offer his.
] Mr. BENTON. Now let me carry the point
! of order a little further and see how it works. I
| am in favor of the amendment of the Committee
| of Ways and Means as against the Senate's
' amendment, but 1 am against them both. I want
j to strike out the Senate's amendment. Will my
amendment come in for that purpose if these are
all rejected ?
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules of the
j House, the gentleman cannot offer his amendment
j until the amendment of the Committee of Ways
I and Means is disposed of, for the reason that the
: Senate amendment is an amendment to the bill,
I and the proposition of the Committee of Ways
• and Means is an amendment to that amendment.
1 No further amendment can, therefore, be in order.
I Mr. PE.VNINGTON. f ask the Chair whether
I the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
; Blts?] is in order?
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
! perhaps it would be competent to direct how these
! troops shall be armed.
! Mr. PENNINGTON. Would it not be chang-
! ing existing law ?
