THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1855.
New Series....No. 65,
by one of bis guns, pierced in an instant by
twenty or thirty arrows. Accounts disagree as to
whether Lieutenant Grattan or the Indians gave
the first fire. The weight of evidence is clearly,
in my judgement, that the savages v/ere the first
assailants. It would also seem that it was a pre-
concerted arrangement, on the part of the.Indiaris,
to decoy these men into their camp, under promise
of delivering up the offending individual, and then
massacre them, as they did.
Mr. BENTON. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will, I trust, have an opportunity after I
have concluded. I decline to yield from no feeling
of discourtesy towards him. He has, doubtless,
stated his honest opinion of the matter. My own
is different. The reports on file go to show that j
Lieutenant Grattan's party was first attacked, j
Be that as it may, the fact is clear that they were |
killed in the execution of a plain duty, in an at- j
tempt to punish a wanton destruction of the emi- j
grants' property. It is true that an Indian trader j
[Bordeau] gives a different account. He says that [
Grattan's party fired first upon the Indians. That, |
sir, is the statement of an Indian trader, a Cana- j
dian Frenchman, as I understand, who married
an Indian wife, and is said'to be an adopted mem-
ber of the tribe. His relations and interests are
all with the Indians, and he now, as I understand,
prefers a claim against the Government for dam-
ages done to his property by the Indians on that
occasion. To make it appear that the loss was !
occasioned by the misconduct of ourtroops might j
give his claim a better color. Colonel Steptoe,
and others, whose statements are on file, have
come to a different conclusion. Decoyed by
treachery into the Indian camp, surrounded by
hostile savages, who had plotted his destruction,
and were about to execute their plan, what
matters it whether he or they struck the first blow?
Was he to fall without a struggle or an effort to
save himself and his little band5 No, sir. He
did no more than his duty. He fell, together with
his gallant associates, all slaughtered, and butone
man escaped to tell the story of their destruction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON again addressed the committee.
His remarks will be found in the Appendix.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. HiBfiARD; and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. WHITFIELD. As much has been said
recently in relation to the Indians in Kansas, and
as it is known to most of the members of this
House that for some time I acted in the capacity
of agent, and reference having been frequently
made to my last annual report, I deem it to be my
privilege and duty to state what I know from
personal observation to be the condition of the
tribes to which I sustained the relation of agent,
as well as of other tribes through which it was
necessary for me to pass in going to and returning
from my agency.
In traveling across the plains to meet the In-
dians on Arkansas river, it was necessary tor me
to pass over the hunting grounds of the Oaages.
I found them encamped at different points along
the Santa Fe road. Here they had taken their ,
position, for the purpose of exacting toll Irom the j
trains passing that way, stealing mules and horses, «;
and commuting other depredations. Whenever
a tram passed, if a suitable opportunity piesented
itself, they attacked it. In the conflicts which
ensued several of the Indians were killed, and
some of the persons having charge of the (.rains
were wounded. Among the trains thus attacked ;
was that conveying Government goods to the j
Camanches. On this occasion, the Indians went :
so far as to demand that one of the drivers should j
be given up to be put to death by them, alleging, j
as a reason for making this demand, that one of
their number had been killed by a person con- ,
nected with another train. When I passed their ■
encampment! was stopped by them, and ordered
to pay toll, and nothing but the fact of their ascer-
taining that I was agent of the Camanches, whom
they greatly fear, prevented me from being forced
65
to submit to their demand. Another act of inso-
lence and outrage, which I may here mention,
was committed by them last fail. The agent was
among them for the purpose of making a treaty,
and paying their annuity goods. Their hostile
intentions became so manifest, and the danger so
threatening, that he was compelled to flee in the
night for safety.
Now, sir, if something is not done to prevent
these lawless banditti from harassing the numer-
ous trains which come from Santa Fe to Weston,
Missouri, to obtain their annual supplies of goods,
we may reasonably calculate upon a repetition of
the tragic occurrences of last summer. Nay, the
Indians, emboldened by impunity, will rise in their
demands upon each passing train. Bloody com-
bats will ensue, until the entire route to Santa Fe
will present a scene of deadly conflict, attended
with all the horrors which characterize savage
warfare. A military force should be placed on
this road, sufficient to afford protection to the
traders and emigrants, and confine the savages to
the limits assigned them by Government. The
Camanches, Kiowas, and Apaches, who inhabit
the country bordering on the Arkansas river, have
remained peaceable during the past summer, and
if a satisfactory treaty should be made with them,
they will probably so continue, at least so far as
emigrants and traders are concerned. If, how-
ever, ignoring, as they have done, the stipulations
of the treaty of lb53, they continue their depreda-
tions upon New Mexico, there is no other alterna-
tive left the Government than the employment
against them of a military force adequate to the
purpose of chastising them for past offenses and
preventing their recurrence.
To prevent an outbreak on the part of thesetribes
—the Osages, Camanches, Kiowas, and Apaches—
it is, m my opinion, necessary that from three to
five hundred mounted men should be placed per-
manently on the Arkansas river. Of the import-
ance of preserving friendly relations with these
Indians, or if peaceable relations cannot be main-
tained by treaty, of awing them into subjection by
the presence among them of an adequate military
force, some idea may be formed from taking into
consideration the great extent and value of our
inland commerce carried on between western Mis-
souri and New Mexico. In addition to the large
number of wagons which pass between Independ-
ence and Santa Fe, loaded with goods for the
New Mexican traders, the Government sends out
by this road all its supplies for the military posts
in New Mexico. Over this road, also, pass many
emigrant trains from Arkansas and eastern Texas
to California, with immense herds of cattle and
droves of horses. I have myself seen as many as
seven caravans of this description pass in one day.
In a special report which I submitted to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to the
unfortunate affair of the 39th August last, be-
tween Lieutenant Grattan and the Sioux Indians,
I stated what were my conclusions from all the
evidence 1 was enabled to obtain. Whilst I have
no desire to cast any reflection upon the memory
of Lieutenant Grattan, (for what he has done is
passed, and if he committed an error, he has
made atonement with his life,) I am aware that
there is some discrepancy between my report and
that of the officers of the military department.
This discrepancy arises from a difference of opin-
ion as to the circumstances which led to the unfor-
tunate affair referred to; and while I concede to
these officers the right to freely exercise and
express their own opinions, I hope that candor
will accord the same privilege to me. On one
point we are fully agreed, and that is, that Lieu-
tenant Grattan's interpreter was drunk, and went
into the village of the Sioux, using threatening
language, and such epithets as were calculated to
provoke the Indians to fight. In regard to the
statements of Mr. Bordeau and others, which
accompanies my report, I place entire confidence
in what he says—his character being withoutre-
proach, his credibility unimpeached and unim-
peachable. The charge against the Sioux is, that
they provoked the combat between themselves
and Grattan's command, which led to the mas-
sacre, by shooting the ox of an emigrant whilst'
in the yoke and attached to the wagon. The
facts are, that the animal killed by them was a
lame cow, which had been either 'designedly
abandoned by the owners, or had escaped from
them, and wandered into the village.
I am satisfied that there was no premeditation
on the part of the Sioux. Any one acquainted
with the Indian character and habits knows that
they never admitan enemy into their camp, amidst
their women and children, for the purpose of
bringing on a conflict. Indians never permit their
women ami children to approach a battle field
during the time of an engagement—their custom
being to remove them as far as possible for safety.
In this case, if the Sioux had desired to attack
the soldiers, they had every opportunity to do so,
as about twenty of the soldiers were, at the time,
twenty miles distant from the fort cutting hay.
This small party could have been easily destroyed
by the Indians, and it is much more consistent
with their character to suppose that they would
assail this small party with the certainty of an
,,easy victory, than that they should invite Lieu-
tenant Grattan and his command, armed with
muskets and two howitzers, into the midst of
their village. As far as the various trading posts
are concerned, they are entirely at the mercy of
the Indians; but remained unmolested up to the
time of the affair at Laramie. Besides, the Gov-
ernment has kept at Fort Laramie a herd of four
or five hundred cattle, which have been frequently
sent off several miles for pasturage. The cattle
could at any time have been taken by the Indians,
if, as is alleged, they were disposed to plunder
public and private property.
I have heard of but one other instance in which
the Sioux have been charged with theft or rob-
bery. It has been alleged against them that they
killed two cows belonging to the interpreter at
Laramie. But there is no certainty whether this
depredation was the feet of the Sioux or the Chey-
ennee.
I am not here, sir, as the apologist, or advocate
of the Indians. But I wish to see justice done;
and I defy any man to show any act of the Sioux,
prior to I9th August last, evincing any hostility
to the whites, or showing that they premeditated
acts of outrage. As I have stated, better oppor-
jj tunities were often presented than that afforded
j by the presence among them of Lieutenant Grattan
J; and his company. Emigrant trains were passing
|j daily, frequently not more than three or four per-
il sons being together in one party. Large herds
I] of cattle, attended by not more than ten or fifteen
|i men, were also daily passing; and the Salt Lake
J; mail, guarded by only three or four persons,
>; passed monthly, without any interruption or mo-
ll lestution. In addition to all these circumstances,
!! the important fact must not be overlooked, that at
; the time of the destruction of Lieutenant Grattan
i' and ins Company, the Sioux were encamped on a
| spot where they had been m the habit of encamp-
i! ing for several years. They were there peaceably
ji and lawfully, awaiting the arrival of the agent.
j! No hostile feeling, not the slightest, had been pre-
ji viously exhibited by them towards the whites;
' I and it may be added, that if the Mormon emigrant
it whose cow was killed, had made proper exertions,
j1 she might have been recovered, or, at least, her
; value in money, and the subsequent unfortunate
r collision would not have taken place. By the act
!■ of Congress known as the intercourse law, the
i! Mormon should have presented his account to the
agent of the tribe, and by him payment should
• : have been demanded of the chiefs, and in case of
i' their jefusal to satisfy the demand, it would have
!, become the duty of the Commissioner of Indian
\ffairs to deduct the amount from the annuity of
ji [he tribe Thus the difficulty might, and should,
1' have been peaceably adjusted, and the unfortunate
'i catastrophe which followed, a catastrophe which
i brought so many gallant men to an untimely end,
and now threatens to plunge the nation m a long
and bloody Indian War, would never have oc-
curred.
