1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
murdered in colli blood, his death be unavenged,
our frontiers be left without protection, and our
pioneers and emigrants become the prey of a mer-
ciless foe who keeps no faith, whose cruelty spares
neither age nor sex, and who, emboldened by im-
punity for past offenses, is now gathering in force
upon our western borders for a more indiscrimi-
nate and more general destruction. Sir, I have,
thank God, none of that philanthropy which
mourns over the imaginary wrongs of the red man
or the black, but has no protection for our own
country invaded and laid waste, no tears for our
citizens butchered, their dwellings burned, their
wives and children made victims of the tomahawk
and the scalping knife, or reserved for outrages
more terrible than death itself.
Mr. WALSH. I move to strike out two, and
insert one. Mr. Chairman, 1 have listened to-day
with a great deal .of attention to what has been
said upon this question. I believe I know some-
thing about the Indian character and history. I
have myself been among them in different regions
of our country. I have seen them in all the several
varieties in which they, at present, exist amongst
us, from the wildest and freest, to the most civil-
ized and subdued. What, sir, has been the his-
tory of their treatment by us? Why, from the,
to them, fatal day on which the so-called Pilgrims
landed at Plymouth, up to the present hour, it has
been one of perfidy, plunder, persecution, and
blood. Shall we still persist in this dishonorable,
this atrocious policy, until the last dwindling ves-
tige of this once happy, but now deplorably un-
fortunate race are sacrificed to the inhuman cupid-
ity of the monsters who are eagerly anxious of an
opportunity to plunder them of their remaining
huntinggrounds? Westward we have driven them,
league by league, with such wanton cupidity, that,
unless we speedily desist, they will soon have no
resting place left save beneath the waves of the
Pacific.
Sn my opinion, if peace with the red men is
really our object, it can be much more readily and 1
permanently secured, without either regulars or
volunteers, by the Government sending, as its
agents among them, honest, humane, and mag-
nanimous men. Yes, sir. Do but simple justice
to the Indians, and, notwithstanding the gross
vices which you have incorporated into their char-
acter, while denying them all the benefits of your
civilization; notwithstanding the countless and
♦ atrocious wrongs which have been perpetrated ;
upon them, you will do more to secure a sincere |
and lasting peace with them than can ever be
effected by the brutal employment of your whole ■
Army multiplied ten times over. 1 have never i
been, I believe, accused of any mawkish sensi-
bility on the question of war. I have no opposi-
tion to the shedding of blood when it is in defense
of the national honOr, or in support of our coun-
try's rights. I do not care if oceans flow, so long
as some great compensating good to mankind gen- \
erally shall result from it; but when human life :
is profusely sacrificed, with no higher or worthier ,
purpose sought to be accomplished than that of i
following up and hunting down, with a heartless, J
insatiable, and God-accursed pertinacity, a poor ,
heart-broken race, now melted down to a moiety j
in numbers so meager that, if the whole of them i
were located in one of the petty principalities of .
Germany, they would not excite apprehension, ,
the act shall ever meet my most unequivocal con-
demnation, and the instigators my most bitter and
heartless execration.
Sir, we have millions upon millions of acres of
public domain already untouched. You have
voted away tens of millions—nay, hundreds of
millions of acres during this very Congress to
railroad companies, land-jobbers, and, in short, to
every conceivable purpose under heaven, while
you have, at the same time, been wringing it
from the Indians by the most shameless violation
of treaties, in many instances through the venal
connivance and cooperation of their own chiefs,
who have been bribed for the base and unholy
purpose of betraying the confidence, sacrificing
the rights and property, and blasting the hopes
of their own people. Yes, sir! while the mem-
bers of these tribes are dragging out a miserable
existence in the most squalid wretchedness and
abject want, how often do we see their chiefs
here, and elsewhere, boarding at our most costly
hotels, and weiring broadcloth, and huge silver
medals, which, though bearing lying inscriptions,
are in reality presents for their perfidy—memen-
toes of their shame.
Let us change this inhuman policy. Let us do
as William Penn did in Pennsylvania. Let us
actju3tly, kindly, and if need be, forbearingly to-
wards these poor creatures, and there will be no
cause for sending troops to butcher what is left of
them. They are melting away before our supe-
riority, as the snow melts before the genial heat
of the vigorous spring sun. In Heaven's name
let them melt as quietly. I suppose, however,
that troops will be sent. Indeed it is very evident,
from what has already transpired, that the pro-
posed'increase will be granted, so that it is only
left for us to say what character of troops shall
compose that increase. While I sincerely and
bitterly deprecate the state of affairs which is said
to call for a larger force, I am willing to protect
those who, without having had any agency in
producing the existing feeling among the Indians,
are likely to be made its victims.
For this reason, and this only, I am willing to
vote for four more regiments—but not for volun-
teers. The arguments which have been offered
here to-day in favor of volunteers are, to my niind,
the strongest which could be urged against them.
What has that argument been > Why, that those
regiments should be composed of volunteers,
because then they can be filled up of men on the
frontier—of those who live alongside the Indians,
and know them better than others can. Sir, it
might have been added with equal truth, and ten-
fold more force, that the Indians know them, too,
far better than we do. What! take your volun-
teers from the very margin of the Indians' lands
which they so eagerly crave, when each and every !
one of. them are directly interested in creating a '
quarrel which wall enable them to steal a portion
of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, and m favor of
the passage of the amendment as it came from the 1
Senate without change or alteration. Mr. Chair-
man, with refetence to the subject-matter which
has been incidentally introduced into this debate,
I desire to remark, that when the honorable gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] brings the
| attention of the House to the excesses and out-
j rages committed by the regular soldiers, and by
the officers of the regular Army, is it to be inferred
that all your soldiers and all your officers in the
regular Army should come under the ban of the
displeasure of Congress? Because these excesses
have been committed in the cases to which the i
gentleman from Missouri has referred, is the reg-
ular Army to be destroyed and the country hence-
forth to rely for protection solely upon volun-
teers ? Sir, I think if you will go back and exam-
ine the history of the acts of the volunteer forces
of the country, you will find that atrocities have
been committed of as barbarous a character as any
of those enumerated by the gentleman from Mis-
souri. The excesses, referred to by the gentle-
man from Missouri, then, ought not to determine
the committee to vote against the Senate amend-
ment on that ground. If there be no other objf c-
tion to the adoption of the amendment, it should
most certainly be voted on favorably by the com-
mittee. Sir, I think the regular troops are the most
efficient troops for all purposes. It is the Indians
upon the plains that you are to send your troops
to, and if you send volunteers there they will em-
bark in a regular Indian hunt. They will go there
for the purpose of cutting and hewing down these
Indians. They will not wait to find a hostile red
man; they will level their rifles at the first one
they meetand bring him down. It will be impos-
sible for the officers to restrain their men from
committing excesses, even if they desire to do so.
But, sir, the soldiers of your regular Army will
>be posted at certain localities, to be selected by a
common general; and the troops will only be
called out in case of actual hostilities upon the
part of the Indians. I think it is a misapprehen-
sion to suppose, as the understanding seems to be
in some quarters, that we are engaged in a uni-
versal Indian war. A large portion of the Indiana
upon our frontiers are emigrant Indians, who are,
all of them, on terms of peace with the United
States. The plain Indians, those who reside upon
the plains in the far West—they may be properly
designated as wild Indians—are the ones who are
committing the depredations. And it is these
Indians that we are to guard against and to restrain.
And, sir, I take it for granted it is perfectly evi-
dent that we can never succeed in restoring them
to peace. We can never prevent these depreda-
tions from being committed, until we have a force
there sufficient to overawe them and deter them
from further hostilities.
Now, sir, in the case of Lieutenant Grattan, I
think the statement of thegentleman from Kansas
[Mr. Whitfield] is corroborated m every mate-
rial fact by thestatements of the officers who were
in that neighborhood. I think it was unfortunate.
I think the difficulty could have been, and should
have been, avoided. But it should be remem-
bered that he was a young man, and some allow-
ance should be made for his want of proper dis-
cretion . He has paid the penalty of his indiscretion
by his consignment to an early and inglorious
grave. Inglorious, because the kind of military
service our troops are engaged in in our Indian
warfare weave no laurels upon their brow. Sir,
he only graduated at West Point last year, and,
of course, lacked the experience which older men
have, and which, if he had, would have saved this
young man from the sad consequences of his rash
conduct.
But, sir, these Indians are carrying on the hos-
tilities to an extent that should be permitted no
longer. Some of the tribes, we are told, Bave now
with them as many as eight hundred prisoners,
Mexicans and Americans, kept by them, and
treated by them as slaves. Sir, is it the policy of
our Government to permit this state of things to
continue? Iam no advocate for hostilities towards
these savages if they can be restrained by any
other means. Treat them tenderly, if you can
restrain them by that means. But it is unneces-
sary for me to say that the lives and liberties of
our citizens must be protected, and that they can-
not be protected unless you send a military fore®
there for that purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Walsh's
amendment, and It was not agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the Senate amend-
ment:
And that the monthly pay proper of the several grades of
tlii; Arniy,heieinafier enumerated, shall be at tlic following
rates: A inaior general, --i.Vt; a brigadier general, $150 :
a colonel, 313.); a lieutenant colonel, §115 ; a major, $95 ;
a c iptaill ot cdvah y, $6.1; a captain of artillery and tnlantry,
£;75 ; a first lieutenant of cavalry, >05 ; a first lieutenant of
niulleiv and infantry, S57 ; a second lieutenant of cavalry,
; a's cond Leutenam ot artillery and infantry, $47; a
cadei. $33.
That the Mirgeon general and paymaster general of the
Aimysliall be allowed the pay and emoluments ofacolonel.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Theamendmentof thegentlemen from Ohio is not
in order. It proposes to change the existing law.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, sir, how is it a prop-
osition to change existing laws more than the
amendment of the Senate. The amendment of the
Senate provides for soldiers, and i think it is in
order to such an amendment to determine the rate
of pay they shall receive.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlj.e Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order^ It proposes to estab-
lish the rate of pay for the whole Army. Unless
the rate of pay proposed is different from that
provided for by law, the effect will be to change
the law, and the amendment would not, therefore,
be in order. If it is the same, then the amend-
ment is unnecessary.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask if it is not as much
in order to regulate the pay of a regiment as it is to
raise the regiment?
Tire CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not to be in order.
Mr. BARRY. I have an amendment which is
in order, and which I desire to offer to the twenty-
first Senate amendment.
Mr. EDGERTON. Does the Chair decide my
amendment to be out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. EDGERTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr PHELPS. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
sissippi having been recognized, the gentleman
from Ohio cannot take the floorfrom him to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BARRY. I move to amend by substitu-
ting fiye regimenta for the four provided for in the
