1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
State of my excellent friend here—Missouri—and
which fell into the hands of the Indians, or rather
was attacked by the Indians, and every one of that
party of nineteen—men, women, and children—
were put to death. The accounts of it you have
all read. It is too horrible to relate. It was a
massacre without cause; and will any man say
that the Indians who committed that terrible mas-
sacre should not be punished?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on the adoption of Mr.
Lane's amendment—
Mr. LANE. I ask to withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment, was withdrawn.
Mr. DUNHAM. I am opposed to the Senate
amendment, and want a vote to be taken upon it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I propose the following
amendment:
The amendment was then read, as follows:
And that the monthly pay of officers shall be as follows:
A major general, §250; a brigadier general, $15U; a col-
onel, £135 ; a lieutenant colonel, $115; a major, §95 ; a cap-
tain of cavalry, $85: a captain of artillery, and infantry,
$75 ; a first lieutenant of cavalry, $65; a first lieutenant of
artillery, and infantry, $57 ; a second lieutenant of cavalry,
$55; a second lieutenant of artiliery, and infantry, 847 ; a
cadet, $33; and the surgeon general and paymaster gen-
eral, shall have the pay and allowances of a colonel: Pro-
vided, That an officer absent from duty, except by reason of
wounds received inaction, for a longer period than at the
rate of one month per year, shall, for the time of such ab-
sence, be entitled only to his pay and sex vice rations, and
no other allowances.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order,
that the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Ohio is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment changes
existing law it is not in order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will ask if the amend-
ment of the Senate does not propose to change
existing law? I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to be out
of order. Prom that decision the gentleman takes
an appeal, and the question now is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ?"
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think that
these various propositions have been sufficiently
discussed, and I would suggest the propriety of
suspending the rule authorizing five minutes' de-
bate. Unless we do, we shall not get through
with this debate to-night. The committee might
rise, and in the House we could then pass such a
resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee propose that the committee rise?
Mr. STANTON. If the proposition meets with
general approbation I would like to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw the motion I think we will soon dispose of
the bill, as there seems to be a disposition mani-
fested to get through with the bill as soon as pos-
sible. If debate springs up again, I will unite
with him in suspending the rule authorizing the
five-mmute debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Tennessee that he will endeavor
to confine debate to the propositions before the
committee.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. McBOUG-ALL. I move to insert, after the
words " two regiments," the words " five hundred
volunteers." 1 offer this amendment for the pur-
pose of expressing my own convictions as to what
is necessary legislation upon this subject. Repre-
senting thai part of the country upon the Pacific
coast interested in the line of communication be-
tween the Atlantic sea-board and the Pacific, I
suppose that my colleagues and myself have a
deeper interest in this pending question than any
other Representatives upon the floor of the House.
Now, it is a well known fact to every member
upon this floor, that the State of California, ©ne
of the States of this Union, upon the shores of the
Pacific, is cut off, separated, and divided, by im-
passable barriers, from the States of this Confed-
eracy upon the Atlantic sea-board and in the valley
of the Mississippi. This is a well known fact,
and legislation, I say, therefore, is necessary for
the purposeof securing the integrity of this Union,
which does not now exist.
Mr. DUNHAM. I call the gentleman to order.
He is clearly wandering from the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from California must confine his argu-
ment to the necessity of raising five hundred vol-
unteers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say that these five hun-
dred volunteers are necessary for the purpose of
effecting a communication between the Atlantic
sea-board and the Pacific coast. 1 have no inten-
tion of violating the rules of this committee, but
I wish to prove that an increased force is neces-
sary for tne purpose of securing this communica-
tion. I wish to prove, in the first place—and that
is the basis upon which I make my argument—that
my amendment is auxiliary to that end. Our
present Army was not formed for the present time
and for a Republic as expanded as our own, and
it does not answer for the present necessities of
the Confederacy.
The CHAIRMAN. An argument showing
why the regular Army is not sufficient for our
present purposes, is not in order, and the Chair
is compelled to decide that the line of remark in-
dulged in by the gentleman is not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am only laying down
the premises upon which I predicate my con-
clusions, and I cannot make myself understood
without having that privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
fine himself to the necessity of providing these
five hundred volunteers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is now known to
be a combination between the Sioux, Rapaboee,
Apaches, Camanches, Utahs, and other great
tribes of Indians, from the extreme northern to
the extreme southern limits of the frontier. Spring
is opening, and emigration over the plains will
properly commence in April or May. I hold that
the force designated in the bill is required for mil-
itary purposes; and I hold, too, that a force is
required immediately to be thrown out in the line
of emigration to keep open the communication for
this year. I do not want a war force, but a force
formidable enough to go out upon the frontiers
with an agent of the Government, with power to
make peace and adjust terms. That force must
be respectable enough to protect the lines of emi-
gration and to demand respect from the Indian
tribes upon the frontier.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. BRIDGES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California, and I ask
a vote upon it. I do it for the purpose of dispos-
ing of this amendment in a brief manner, and I
hope every amendment will be disposed of in the
same way. 1 think that we have had discussion
enough of this kind.
The question was taken on Mr. McDougall's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SKELTON obtained the floor.
M-r. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his privileged question.
Mr. SEWARD. Whether any gentleman
upon this side of the House can be heard at all?
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question of
privilege at all.
Mr. SKELTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
At the end of the section add the following:
And to be discharged when' peace is made with the In-
dians.
I offer this amendment, because I believe it will
be necessary to secure the public service of our
country from accumulating a load of lumbering
officers in the Army. If it is necessary to have
these regiments for ihe purpose of suppressing
Indian hostilities, I am willing to vote what is
necessary, but I am unwilling to vote for a per-
petual Army, which is intended merely to sup-
press a present momentary difficulty. If these
regiments are raised as regular regiments, they
remain when peace is made, and if Government
has nothing for them to do, the officers necessarily
become imbecile and disqualified when war arises
for the discharge of the active duties of the Army.
For the purpose, then, of preventing the service
from becoming lumbered up with these old, idle,
and useless officers, 1 hope that the amendment
which I have offered will be adopted. I do not
propose to consume the time of the committee at
any length, and I will not, therefore, trespass
upon their patience any further.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I want to say a word,
and give my experience in Indian matters*
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question before
the committee?
Th# CHAIRMAN, The question is whether
these regiments shall be abandoned at the close of
the war.
Mr. LANE. I have to say that the Indians
will never cease hostilities so long as there is one
of them left. The amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey is perfectly harmless. Wewill
never have peace with the Indians as long as we
live.
Mr. BARRY. We will never have peace with
the Indians as long as they have land which we
want and which they do not want to sell.
The question was then taken on Mr. Skelton's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is nowupon
the amendment reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senate, upon which the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] is entitled to
make a five-minute speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the Chair if the gentleman from Missouri has not
already occupied his five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri has not yet occupied his five minutes.
Mr, HOUSTON. I nave occupied no time upon
this bill, and I do not intend to. I will, however,
if I can get the floor and an opportunity, offer an
amendment, adding one regiment of cavalry to the
present Army, giving authority to increase the
existing companies up to ninety privates, and
giving discretion to receive two thousand volun-
teers.
Mr. PHELPS. I am desirous of having the
question taken upon the amendment submitted by
me, at the instance of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I have discussed the question, and now
forbear any further discussion, in the hope that
we may now have a vote taken.
[Ciies of "Question I" "Question1."]
1 Mr. WHEELER. Read the amendment again.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. It
j has been read once.
Mr. WHEELER. Then it is a question for
i the committee to dispose of, and I move that the
! amendment be again read.
[, The question was put; and decided in the neg-
|' ative.
|; The question recurring on the amendment of-
f fered by Mr. Phelps, it was put; and the amend-
! ment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. ! now offer the amendment
; of which 1 spoke a little while since. The amend-
| ment is the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
! souri, [Mr. Denton,] striking out " three," and
inserting in lieu thereof the word u two," so as to
provide that the volunteers shall not exceed two
thousand. It authorizes an increase of the present
companies to ninety privates, which will give
, twenty-five hundred soldiers to the existing Army,
i and then an additional regiment of volunteers,
i The amendment was leported, as follows:
j Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That thece shall be
j added to the Army one regiment of cavalry, organized as
| the regiment of mounted riflemen of the existing force.
, Sec.—. An* be it further enacted, That the President
' of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by
j voluntary enlistment, to increase the number of privates
i in each or any of the companies of the existing regiments
! of the Army, to any number not exceeding ninety.
! Pec.—. Jlndbcit further enacted, That the President,
i for the purpose of maintaining peace with the Indian tribes,
| of protecting the citizens on the routes of emigration in the
- Territories of (lie United States, and the citizens inhabiting
I said Territorie=, and to suppress Indian hostilities in the
; same, be, and he is hereby, authorized to call for and
! accept the services of any number of mounted volunteers
j noi exceeding, m all, two thousand, officers and men, to be
! organized as hereinafter directed, who shall, as circum-
1 stances may direct, be employed as ranger??, scout?, and
] spies, and seive for twelve months, unless sooner d s-
I charged : Provided, That the number of privates for each
I company of volunteers herein authorized shall not exceed
! sixty-four; Jind providedfurther, That the said volunteers
j may be required to serve on toot, if circumstances should
render such service necessary.
Mr. PECKHAM. I hope the amendment will
be voted down.
Mr. "FAULKNER. I ask the committee to
