1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,,
heir roe a moment in expression of my views
upon the amendment which has just been offered
by the gentleman from Alabama.
[Cries of " No !" and " Vote it down!"!
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended, it was put,
and the Chair announced that it was decided in
the affirmative.
[Cries of " Division !" " Division !"1
Mr. HENN. I called for a division beforethe
Chair announced the decision.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will notunder-
take to do any business until order is restored.
Mr. HENN. I claim my right to call for a
division. ,
Mr. PECK HAM. I hope the gentleman's
right will be respected.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Iowa was
upon the floor before the Chair announced the
decision.
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. When order is restored
the Chajr will respond to the gentleman from
Iowa, and not before.
Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Iowa
addressed the Chair while the Chair was putting
the question to the committee. It was not in or-
der for the gentleman to address the Chair at that
particular time. The Chair continued the ques-
tion, arid decided that the amendment was con-
curred in—the gentleman from Iowa not again
addressing the Chair.
Mr. HENN. I addressed the Chair beforethe
Chair put the motion, and I did it at the request
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Denton,]
for the purpose of offering his amendment, and I
think it but fair that the Houe should give him a
vote upon it.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair is sorry that
he did not observe the gentleman from Iowa. He
did not, and he decides that the amendment has
been concurred in.
Mr. FAULKNER. I propose that, by unani-
mous consent, the committee take a vote upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the Chair decide it is
regular to take a vote upon it ?
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia appeals to the committee to let a vote be
taken on the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] Is there objection?
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Twenty-second amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That, to enable the
President of the United States to carry into effect the pro-
vision* of go much of this act as relates to the employment
of an additional military force, such sum of money, not ex-
ceeding $2,500,000, as may be necessary, be, and the same
hereby is, appropriated out of any money in the Treatury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. R0WE. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment of the Senate:
And $1,696 15 to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion for building four steam dredge boats in use by die War
Department on Lakes Champlain, Erie,Michigan, and On-
tario, to be applied to the payment for materials, tools, ma-
chinery, and labor, furnished in panning said boats.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
I hold that the amendment of the gentleman from
New York is out of order, and ask the Chair's
decision.
TheCHAIRMAN. The amendment appeals
to provide for a deficiency in a former appropria-
tion, and the Chair will rule it m order as an
addition to the section.
Mr. PHELPS. As the amendment is decided
to be in order, I suggest that we first take the vote
on the Senate's amendment, and then let it come
in as an additional section.
Mr. EOWE. I do not adopt the gentleman's
suggestion. I wish the amendment where it has
been offered. I have had the honor of twice pre-
senting it before. It was twice ruled out, not be-
cause it lacked merit, but for the reason that it was
i)ot presented at a proper place. In my hand I
hold a recommendation from the War Department
in favor of the proposed appropriation. Gentle-
men are satisfied, I am sure, that it would not be
indorsed by that Department unless it was right.
The object is merely to provide for the painting,
&c., of four dredge boats now in use upon the
lakes, by the Department, for war purposes.
Twenty thousand dollars were appropriated by a
former Congress, but it was not large enough to"
cover the expenses of building, painting, &c. This
is merely to supply a deficiency in that appropria-
tion. Satisfied that the committee understands
the facts in the case, I will not consume further
time than to ask that the amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. HUGHES. As the amendment has been
decided to be in order, I send up another one of a
similar nature for the action of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. No other amendment is
now in order. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Rowe] is in the second
degree. •
At the request of Mr. Letcher the amend-
ment was again read. *
Mr. LETCHER Does the Chair decide that
to be a proper amendment to the army bill.'
The CHAIRMAN. That is the Chairman's
decision.
Mr. WALSH. 1 suggest the modification of
the amendment, so that it will provide for mud-
scows instead of dredge boats. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. Is the amendment germane to this
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is.
Mr. ORR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
[Cries of "Too late!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides thatit
is now too late to take an appeal. He was not
entirely satisfied of the amendment being in order,
but seeing the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Rowe] so anxious for its introduction, he ruled it
in order. If the committee are not in favor of it
they can vote it down.
14ie question was taken; and the amendment
was lost; there being, on a division, only forty-
eight in the affirmative.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is disa-
greed to.
Mr. FLORENCE obtained the floor.
Mr. TWEED. I demand a division. Theneg-
ative has hot been counted.
[Cries of " Too late !"]
Mr. TWEED. We have the right to a count
on both sides.
The CHAIRMAN. Therewas notamajority
of a quorum in the affirmative.
Mr. TWEED. I want to know whether there
is a quorum here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise te a privileged ques-
tion. 1 want to know whether this count's in my
time? [Lnuehter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the cornmit-
tee do now rise,
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman has notthe
floor for that purpose.
Mr. TWEED. I ask for my rights, and I in-
tend to have them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a vote upon the
Senate amendment.
Mr. TWEED. I demand to be heard by the
Chair, and that the Chair shall put the motion
made by me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did put the
motion of the gentleman from New York and de-
cided that it was lost.
Mr. TWEED. Did the Chair count those
who voted in the negative?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided the
motion to be lost for the reason that a majority of
a quorum had not voted in the affirmative, and a
quorum of members are present.
Mr. TWEED. I am satisfied with the expla-
nation of the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, Mr. Chairman, my
amendment will come in as an additional section.
It seems to be the desire upon all hands that the
vote should be taken upon the Senate amendment
with a view of expediting the public business. I
will refrain from offering the important amend-
ment that I have, and allow the vote to be taken
upon the Senate amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I have an amendment which,
according to the decision of the Chair just now,
will be in order at this point. I offer it in good
faith, and hope the committee will adopt it. I
move to insert, at the end of the Senate amend-
ment, the following:
For the current expenses of the steam dredge on Lake
Champlain, New York, to be expended under ibe direction
of the Secretary of War, $7,500.
Mr. WHEELER. Before any other vote ia
taken I rise to a question of order. I want to
know at what stage of the proceedings it is neces-
sary to call for a division to be recognized by the
Chair? ' ■ '
TheCHAIRMAN. At any time before the
Chair announces the vote.
Mr. WHEELER. Well, sir, divisions have
been called for long before the Chair announced
the vote, which the Chair refused to recognize.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I raise a question of order
upon the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hughes.]
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I will submit to the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of
order.
Several Members rose simultaneously, and
made various propositions; and much confusion
prevailed.
Mr. LYON. I ask the consent of the House
to print a speech on the eastern war question,
[Roars of laughter.]
Mr. ROWE. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
Several Members. Not in order.
Mr. ROWE. I demand tellers upon my mo-
tion.
[Shouts of " Question I" and great confu-
sion.] *
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOWE. I have an amendment which I
am instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to offer.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. I have an amendment which I desire to
offer as an addition to the amendment which has
just been adopted. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer it. It is to
defray the expenses of the volunteers that have
been recently called out in New Mexico. I move
the following:
be it further enacted, Thai a sum not exceeding
$10b,740 81 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to de-
fray the expenses of the volunteers recently called out under
General Garland in the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I ask if all the Senate amend-
ments have not been voted on except that to the
title ?
The CHAIRMAN. They have.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit that this
and all other amendments of the kind are out of
order. We have nothing before us but the Sen-
ate amendments, and they being disposed of we
have nothjng at all. There is nothing to which
an amendment can possibly be attached, except
in reference to the title, and, therefore, no more
amendments are in order except to that,,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and decides the amendment, upon that
ground, to be out of order.
The last amendment was then reported, as fol-
lows:
Amend the title by adding thereto " and for other pur-
poses."
The question was then put; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was taken; and the motion agreed
to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker •pro,
tempore (Mr. Our) having taken the chair, the
Chairman (Mr. Hendricks) reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
tinder consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 562) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of Juiie, 1856, with the amendments of the
