1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loai
Senate thereto, and had instructed bim to report
the same to the House, with the recommendation
that some of the amendments be concurred in
with amendments, and one without, and that
others be non-concurred in.'
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous question
upon concurring in the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The previous
question has been ordered, which will keep the
bill before the House, and I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion. We can dispose of the
plain amendments to which there is no objection
just as well this evening as to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN. We can dispose of them
nil in the morning.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion, and allow us to vote upon
these amendments. It will require only a few
minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will'withdraw it.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table a bill to
which I think there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
after the main question has been ordered upon the
Army Bill.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest that it is not necessary to read all these amend-
ments. Let gentlemen name those upon which
they desire a separate vote, and let the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be concurred in m respect to the others.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That course will
be taken unless someone objects.
The first and second amendments of the Senate
were then read, and concurred m.
Mr. HENN. 1 propose that we agree to the
report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon all the amendments ex-
cept in those instances where a separate vote is
desired.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. RoiveJ objects to that.
Mr. ROWE. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, is there any
objection to the course suggested by the gentleman
from Iowa ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I must object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would suggest that
the Speaker should cause the amendments to be
read over, so that gentlemen who desire separate
votes upon particular amendments may indicate
them, and that we should then vote in gross upon
ail the amendments which are not objected to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the course suggested by the gentleman
from Kentucky ?
No objection was made.
The Clerk accordingly read over the amend-
ments; when separate votes were demanded on
the thirteenth amendment by Mr. Houston, on
the fifteenth amendment by Mr. Wheeler, and
on the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twen-
tieth," twenty-first, and twenty-second amend-
ments by Mr. Walsh.
The question was then taken on concurring m
the report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union in reference to all those amend-
ments on which separate votes had not^ been de-
manded; and that report was concurred in.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think we had better
vote on the balance of the amendments in the
morning when we can have a full House. I
therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STRATTON. I appeal to the gentleman
fo'withdraw that motion for one moment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. STRATTON, I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up joint resolu-
tion No. 10.
[Cries of " Object."]
Mr. STRATTON. I move to suspend the
rules, and I ask that that motion may be entered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I make the point of order
that it is not in order to move to suspend the rules
now, the previous question having been ordered
on the amendments of the Senate to the Army
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Alabama'is correct. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey cannot be recognized.
SUSPENSION OP A JOINT RULE.
Mr. FULLER. The Hbuse is aware that no
bill passing the House during the last three days
of the session can be sent to the Senate without a
suspension of the 16th joint rule. The House
passed bill No. 794 this morning, and I ask a sus-
pension of that rule to enable it to be sent to the
Senate.
Several Members. Make the order general to
apply to all bilis.
Mr. FULLER. Will it be in order for me to
move the suspension of that rule generally, or
must my motion be confined to the particular bill
indicated ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be in order
to make the proposition general.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I trust the gentleman
from Maine will so modify his motion as to make
it general, not special.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly. 1 move generally
that the 16th rule be suspended.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CLARK MILLS.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before the House
•adjourns 1 want to offer a resolution which, I pre-
sume, every member will agree to.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution for the relief of Clark Mills.
The resolution directs the President of the Uni-
ted States to cause the sum of $5,000 to be ad-
vanced to Clark Mills on his personal application
and receipt in addition to the sum already advanced
him out of the $50,000 appropriated by the act of
January 25, 1853, to erect, at the capital of the
nation, an equestrian statue of Washington.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the House desire
it I will state, in two sentences, the reason for this
resolution.
[Cries of "Oh, no!" "There is no objec-
tion."]
Mr. WALSH. I object, unless it is explain-
ed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Congress appropri-
ated $50,000, to he paid under the direction of the
President, for an equestrian statue of Washington
by Clark Mills, the artist. By a contrast made
with the piesident he received $20,000 m hand,
and the other §30,000 was to be retained in the
Treasury till the statue should be completed. But
by a storm which blew down his building, and a
file which consumed his model, heis much curbed
in circumstances, and being a poor man, he asks
Congress for no gratuity but to authorize the
President to advance part of the sum appropriated
for him.
Mr. ROWE. I would ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether a large appropriation was not
made to Mr. Mills at the last session.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, There was §50,000
appropriated for him in 1853.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KEITT. I now ask leave to record a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, to take up a bill in the
morning, and then I will move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the gentleman from South Carolina to
move that the House do now adjourn?
Mr. KEITT. No, sir. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE and several other members
appealed to Mr. Goode to withdraw his motion.
Mr. GOODE. No; 1 insist upon it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sage and
Caskie were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes II.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon,
at ten o'clock and fifty-three minutes, the House
I adjourned till to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
* IK SENATE.
Thursday, March 1, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slices.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United'
States, in compliance with a resolution of the"'
Senate of the 22d of February, calling for a copy
of a letter of Francis W. Rice, late United States
consul at Acapulco, to the Secretary of State, in
relation to outrages committed on him by Mexi-
can authorities at that port; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating a report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, asking for certain appropria-
tions on account of the Indian service; which waa
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of^he United
States, communicating a report of the Secretary
of the Interior, asking for an appropriation for the
survey of lands acquired under "a treaty with the
Chippewa Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury,accompanied by copies of such accounts
as have been rendered by persons charged with"
the disbursement or application of moneys, goods,
or effects, for the benefit of the Indians, for the
year ending June 30, 1854, together with lists of
the names of all persons to whom goods, money,
or effects have been delivered within the same
period; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Also, a letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, accompanied by copies of his accounts of
receipts and disbursements for the Post Office De-,
partment for the year ending June 30,1854; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a leport of the Postmaster General, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of Feb-
ruary 24, 1855, calling for copies of correspond-
ence with the British Government relative to the
postal treaty between that Government and the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of Febru-
ary 19,1855, calling for information relative to the
appropriation of lands for military purposes at
Fort Laramie and other forte; which wae ordered
to he on the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin, presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Portage
City to La Crosse; which was referred to the
j Committee on the Post Office and P-ost Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, in favor of granting bounty lands and pen-
sions to the officers and soldiers of the war of
1812, and to the widows and legal representatives
of those deceased; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
WILLIAM G. PRESTON.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the House bill for the relief of William G. Preston.
Its object is to direct the payment to him of
$375 25, to reimburse him for subsisting his com-
mand and horses from Ozark to Washington,
Hempstead county, State of Arkansas.
William G. Preston was the captain of the late
company H, of Arkansas mounted volunteers, in
the Mexican war; he raised and enrolled the com-
pany at Ozark, in Arkansas, and marched it to
Washington, in that State, where it was mustered
! into the service of the United States. The com-
! pany consisted of seventy-nine men, the subsist-
I ence for which, and the forage for the horses, he
I furnished at his own expense, whilst marching
| from Ozark to Washington, a distance of one
hundred" and eighty-five miles.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. I yesterday gave notice to th 
