1032
TOE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
March 1,
Senate that I should to-day ask for the considera-
tion of the resolutions which I submitted some-
time since in respect to the right of American citi-
zens to the enjoy mentof religious freedom abroad.
1 ask the Senate now to take them up and vote on
them. That is all I desir<s:
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the resolutions will
not be taken up. I fear they will lead to debate,
and interfere with a great deal of indispensable
business which ought to be done.
Mr. CASS. As objection is made to my mo-
tion 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Bright, Brod-
head, Brown Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Foot,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pearce, Pettit, Busk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Sliields, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, Weller, WtUs, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Butler, Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Morton, and Walker—8.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded Jp the consideration of the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That it would be just and wise on the part of
the Government of tOe United Slates, in future treaties
with foreign nations, to secure, if practicable, to our citi-
zens residing abroad the right of worshi pping God freely and
openly, according to the dictates of their own consciences,
by providing that they shall not be disturbed, molested, or
annoyed in any manner, on account of their religious belief,
jior in the proper exercise of their peculiar religion, either
within their own private houses, or in churches, chapels,
or other places appointed for public worship; and that they
shall be at liberty to build and maintain places of worship
in convenient situations, interfering in no way with, but
respecting the religion and customs of the country in winch
they reside.
Resolved further, That it would be just and wise in our
future treaties with foreign nations, to -secure to our citi-
zens residing abroad the right to purchase and own butial
places, and to bury any of our citizens dying abroad in
such places, with those religiouaceremonies and observan-
ces deemed appropriate by the surviving relatives and friends
of the deceased.
Mr. CASS. I will only say that they are the
resolutions which were reported two years ago by
Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The resolutions were adopted.
SARAH MORRIS.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the House
bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir of
Robert Mitchell, deceased. It proposes to pay
her $173 23 as the heir of Robert Mitchell, one of
the captors of the Algerine vessels taken by the
American squadron under Commodore Decatur.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and'passed.
WILLIAM G. IIOWISON.
Mr. BROWN. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report back
the House bill for the relief of William G. How-
ison. It is a unanimous report; the bill is a small
one, and I hope it will now be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow Howison $167 in full for
all -services as a member of the Auxiliary Guard
of the city of Washington.
He was a member of the Auxiliary Guard, and
whilst acting in that capacity he became sick. He
remained so for one hundred and sixty-seven days,
when, on account of it, he was discharged from
the service. Whilst sick he was docked in his pay,
■which, he maintains, was not right, and not justi-
fied by precedent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANNA E. COOK.
Mr. BUTLER. There is on the Calendar a
House bill for the relief of Anna E, Cook. She
is not my constituent, but is a lady residing in
New York. She has written me many letters
describing her poverty, and appealing to the jus-
tice of Congress to award her this pittance. I
move that the bill be taken up.
_ The motion was agreed to, and thebill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. A pen-
sion will be provided for her by it, of fifteen dollars
a month for five years, from the 1st of January,
1854. The bill was reported totheSenate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and 1
CYRUS H. M CORMJCK.
Mr. "WALKER. I move to dispense with the
prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill for the relief of CyrusH.'McCormick.
As I understand it, it is simply a bill relieving Mr.
McCormick from the abandonment which was
occasioned by the renewal of his patent in the
Patent Office, upon a technicality which it was out
of his power to remove before .the time expired.
The bill simply refers the matter to the Patent
Office, there to be considered as though the time
had not passed. It grants no patent, renews no
patent, but simply refers the question to the Patent
Office. The bill has been here now for a number
of years. Almost every application of the same
kind has been heard and passed. I make the mo-
tion to take up this bill to test the sense of the Sen-
ate whether they are disposed to act on it or not.
The mot'ion was not agreed to.
VIRGINIA LAND SCRIP.
Mr. WALKER. I have another motion to
make, and it is that the bill from the House of
Representatives which I reported two days ago
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to
amend the act of July 31,1852, in reference to
Virginia bounty land warrants, be taken up.
Mr. MASON. 1 hope it will be taken up.
Mr. STUART. That bill will necessarily give
rise to a great deal of debate. There are many
gentlemen here who wish this morning to make
reports from committees which will not give rise
to debate. " I hope that bill will be passed over, at
least until reports can be made.
Mr. COOPER. I do not think it will give rise
to much debate.
Mr. STUART. I am certain that it will.
Mr. MASON. I aslt leave to say to the Senate
that this is a bill deeply interesting to the State of
Virginia, involving the execution of her own laws
giving bounty land to her own citizens. I hope
it will be taken up and acted on.
Mr. WALKER. I hope so, too. The com-
mittee were unable to agree upon the bill. They
reported it back, and asked leave to be discharged
from its further consideration. I shall ask, per-
haps, twenty or twenty-five, minutes to explain
the bill, as I understand it, and the reasons on
which it is'founded. I do not know that there
will be any other discussion. The Senator from
Michigan, perhaps, in somewhat the same view
which I take of it, will ask leave to address the
Senate. At the same time, it is a matter of im-
Eortance, which I think ought to be acted upon.
.et the Senate take up the bill; and, if it require
discussion, discuss it, vote upon it, and determine
it one way or the other.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a matter which concerns
my State, end in which she takes a deep interest.
1 believe, in the whole course of my service here,
I have never asked the Senate to take up a bill for
my accommodation except one on this subject,
which was taken up two years ago, and acted on
in this body. The proposition now is to amend
that, and I hope the Senate will give us an hour
some morning for the consideration of this bill—
if not this morning, to-morrow.
Several Senators. To-morrow.
Mr. COOPER. I do not think the bill will
give rise to much discussion. I was on the com-
mittee which reported it, and it is tiue, as has
been remarked by the Senator from Wisconsin,
that the committee did not come to any decision
in regard to it; but the whole question is embraced
in a very short compass, and I am sure I can pre-
sent the views of one side of the committee m a
very brief space of time. 1 should not occupy
ten minutes in doing it.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope this bill will not now
, be taken up, or, at least, that a little ti!ne will be
' given me to put upon its passage a bill of vast
importance to the State of California; one that
involves no principle injurious to the Government,
but simply gives further time for land claimants
under Spanish and Mexican grants to file their
claims. The Senators and peoole of California
feel a deep interest in it, and I trust it will be acted
upon. I am perfectly willing to agree to take up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Wisconsin,
after I can have an opportunity to pass the bill to
which I have alluded, which has been reported by
the Committee on Private Land Claims. It is
important that it should be passed at an early
hour in order to get through the House. It is a
measure to. which there can be no objection. I '
shall have no. opposition to taking op the other
bill if I can be allowed to have this one passed.
Mr. STUART. I am perfectly; willing to say-
to the Senator from Virginia that I shall consent,
so far as I am concerned, that the Virginia bounty
land bill shall be taken up to-morrow,and an hour
or two hours devote# to its consideration, but I
again express the hope that we shall not be pre-
vented this. morning from taking up business
which will not giv§ rise to debate, and disposing of
it. This bill, notwithstanding what Senators seem
disposed to say, is a bill of much more interest to-
other States of this Union than it is to Virginia.
It is one in which I feel that my constituents have
a,very deep interest, and I consider myself com-
pelled to take care of their interests as far as lean;
but I assure the Senate that I have not the slight-
est disposition to prevent action on the bill. On
the contrary, I think we should act on it, and that
decidedly. I shall consent that to-morrow, or any
other morning, shall be devoted to it, when we
can dispose of the business now pressing upoo us.
Mr. WELLER.* In my,opinion, half a dozen
bills could have been passed daring the time that
this discussion has been going on as to the mode
of proceeding. I hope now that there will be an
agreement, by common understanding, that we
shall not discuss, during this session, the question
of the priority of business. These little, measures
could ba disposed of while we are debating which
we shall take up first.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate to agree to lay this bill over until to-morrow,
and take it up at eleven o'clock, I have no objec-
tion.
Several Senators. Agreed.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate, in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States, with amendments, in which they requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills from the House of Representatives, reported
them back without amendment:
A bill for the relief of William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill for the relief Elizabeth Foreman;
A bill for the further relief of Isaac Allen, of
Turner, in theState ofMaine;
A bill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith, of Wash-
ington county, in the State of Tennessee; and .
A bill for the relief Paul S. Ridgway, of Ohio.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills from the House
of Representatives, reported adversely thereon:
A bill for the relief of Solomon Lafollet;
A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey, An- .
anias 0. Richardson, and James McLaughlin;
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act for the
relief of George M. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana," approved August 5, 1854; and
A bill for the increase of John C. Burton's
pension.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Anthony Phelps, a
militia soldier in the revolutionary war, praying to
be allowed a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Anthony Phelps,
of Hardin county, State of Kentucky; which was
read and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whotn
was referred the petition of Daniel Doland, a
private m Captain Steele's company of New York
volunteers, in the Mexican war, praying a pension
for injuries received in the line of his duty, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of Alexander McKee, praying
