1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
the passage of a. law authorizing him to locate
certain lands in Texas, on copies of certificates
which have been lost, as he alleges, while in pos-
session of the United States, asked to be discharged
from its further consideiation; which was agreed
to. He also submitted a report on the case;
which was ordered to be printed.
CHARLES H. POINTER.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the House bill
for the relief of Charles H. Pointer, reported it
back without amendment, and recommended its
passage. *
Mr. MASON. The object of that bill is to
place all old man on the pension roll. I hope the
Senate will pass it at once.
There being no objection, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
placing Pointer's name on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at eight dollars per month, from the 1st
of January, 1854, during his life. The bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
LYON AND HOWARD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. At the instance of my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields] I move to take
up the House bill for the relief of L. R. Lyon &
Dean S. Howard, of the State of New York.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, the object of which is to pay Lyon &
Howard a balance of $8,61? 81, for constructing
dredging machines in 1836.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will not act
on this bill now. I have been investigating it for
two weeks with great care, and I think I can sat-
isfy the Senate that nearly every dollar which the
bill proposes to appropriate is wrong. 1 move to
postpone its further consideration until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill was before the
Committee on Claims, of which I am chairman,
and the same allegation was made that there was
no part of the money due. The committee in-
vestigated the matter thoroughly, and came to the
conclusion that every penny was due. Much
more was claimed than the bill allowed, but the
committee concluded not to go further than the
bill. All that the bill allows is just.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
Mr. STUART. I have sent to my committee
room for some papers in respect to this subject;
and if it is the desire to press the bill at this time,
I shall have something to say in regard to it. As
long ago as the Thirtieth Congress, 1, together
with three or four other gentlemen, examined this
case. It was thoroughly discussed in the House
of Representatives^and rejected in 1848. 1 have
the papers, and I have nearly completed the ex-
amination of the question, so that I may present
it in a few minutes.
Mr. WALKER. The bill ought to be laid
over.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be postponed,
as the Senator wishes to debate it.
Mr. JOiNES, of Iowa. I called up this bill for the
benefit of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.]
I know nothing about it myself.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is a House bill which
came to the Senate, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and reported back by them
unanimously, as I understand. I know nothing
of what the honorable Senator from Michigan
suggests. If his surmises be true, of course the
bill ought to be rejected; but I take it for granted
that the Committee on Claims have examined it
thoroughly, and that, as they reported it unan-
imously, the bill must be correct. The chairman
of the Committee on Claims is, no doubt, ready j
to defend his report. _ !
Mr. STUART. The condition of the bill is
such as I say. I have no desire, by consuming
lime, to destroy this bill or any other. If I shall
fail to-morrow, or next day, to satisfy the Senate
that I am correct, let the bill pass.
Mr. SHIELDS in order to give the honor-
able Senator time, I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY HOFFMAN.
Mr. EYANS. There are four or five bills,
which have been passed by the House and reported
by the Committee on Revolutionary Claims of the
Senate, without amendment, which I should like
to have disposed of this mornmg. Unless they
are passed at this session, all the labor of investi-
gating them will have to be gone over again next
year. I do not think that more than ten minutes
will be required to dispose of all of them. I first
move to take up House bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Henry Hoffman.
The motion was agreed to. The purpose of
the bill is to direct the Secretary of-the Treasury
to pay eighty dollars to the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman, being the amount of areward
provided in certain cases by a resolution of Con-
gress, adopted May 15, 1778.
The PRESIDENT. It appears from the Cal-
endar that there is an adverse report in this case.
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir. I made a mistake.
This is not the bill which I intended to call up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the adverse re-
port be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was,
therefore, rejected.
THOMAS UNDERHILL.
On motion by Mr. EYANS, the House bill
for the relief of Thomas Underhill, executor of
Thomas Underhill, deceased, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Thomas Underhill, executor of
Thomas Underhill, deceased, §11,055, in full pay-
ment for damages sustained and property used by
the ninth regiment of the Virginia army of the
Revolution.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims of
the Senate reported an amendment to strike out
" $11,055" and insert " $990."
Thomas Underbill, deceased, in the year 1776,
was the occupant of a farm in Northampton
county, Virginia, which he had leased for a term
of years, with a number of slaves. A part of the
ninth Virginia regiment, which was then recruit-
ing and drilling, was stationed during the summer
and fall of that year on the farm, and they com-
mitted the usual depredations of soldiers, in burn-
ing his fences and turning their horses into his
fields, whereby the crop was destroyed, and the
plantation left in a ruinous state. He alleges that
he remonstrated with the officers, and was told
the Government would pay him. He was igno-
rant, he says, of the mode of applying for relief,
and no application was made to Congress until
1836, a period of sixty years after the alleged
injury. The committee doubt very much the pro-
priety of granting any relief in these antiquated
claims, which may have been settled soon after
their origin, or, if not settled, it is the fault or the
misfortune of the claimants. The claim was not
made at a time when the facts could have been
better ascertained, and when, if paid, the evidence
could have furnished proof of that fact. It is not,
in general, true that parties who have fair claims
on the Government do not very soon find out how
and where to present them. Yet the committee
are unwilling to run the risk of doing-injustice to
one who was a sufferer in our struggle for inde-
pendence.
The petitioner claims for the loss of two crops,
at the annual rent of <£330, .£660, and a loss of one
half of three succeeding crops, at <£165 a year,
equal to .£495, and making in all <#1,155, Virginia
currency, equal to $3,465. The bill from the
House proposes to appropriate $11,055 for the
relief of the petitioner How this sum was ascer-
tained the committee have no means of inform-
ation The whole sum claimed is only, when
reduced to dollars, §3,4G5. There is certainly
some mistake, which probably arose from copy-
ing. The committee learn from the evidence that
the troops were marched to Cambridge, to join the
Army in Novemberor December of that year, and
they are wholly unable to conjecture how the
injuries complained of could run into the four suc-
ceeding years after the departure of the troops.
Even if the entire fencing of the plantation was
burned, this injury could soon have been repaired
by the number of negroes which he hired with the
plantation. Assuming the fact of the troops being
quartered on the plantation, he may have a just
claim for the loss of one crop, and to this might
be added the expense of renewing the fences on
the plantation, if there was any means of ascer-
tainment; but there is no proof on this point.
The committee have concluded to allow him one
year's rent, or <£330, Virginia currency, equal to
$990. They therefore recommend that the bill be
so amended as to strike out $11,055, and insert
Mr. EVANS. There is an error in the report
of the committee in reducing Virginia currency to
dollars. Instead of $990, the amount should be
$1,100. The committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives reported the bill for $11,000, but 1 ap-
prehend that was a mistake. Thousands" was
inserted instead of " hundreds." I am author-
ized to withdraw the amendment of the committee,
and in lieu of it^o move to insert ^1,100 as the
sum.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in and ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill,
as amended, was read the third time, and passed.
PHILIP It. RICE.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill of the House for the relief of the heirs of
Philip R. Rice, the object of which is to direct
the payment to them of #3,450, in full payment
for the loss of a vessel in the service of the United
States, during the war of the Revolution.
Philip R. Rice, while a resident of King Wil-
liam county, Virginia, in the year 1781, was the
owner of a small trading vessel, the cost of which
was $2,200. Shortly before Lord Cornwallis took
possession of Yorktown, he, with two of his ser-
vants, who composed the crew of the vessel, was
trading in the York, Potomac, and James rivers,
and while thus engaged, he, together with his two
servants and vessel, was pressed into the service
of the United States by the press-masters, Robert
Radford and Micajah Crews, for the purpose of
transporting munitions of war, military and quar-
termaster's stores, from the town of Cumber-
land to Taylor's ferry, which duty was performed
under the direction of the press-masters, they
being with him, and superintending the loading
and unloading of the cargo. He was then directed
by them to go to Newcastle, and load with flour
from Colonel Simm's mill, and with cannon, shells,
and pork, and transport them to York. In ac-
cordance with their direction, he repaired to New-
castle and loaded, and on his return, before he
reached Goodman's Island, he was attacked by
the British, who, since he had left Taylor's ferry,
had taken possession of Yorktown. The enemy's
force was so well provided with field artillery,
that, to effect his own escape, and that of his crew,
he was compelled to scuttle the vessel to prevent
the cargo from falling into thehands of the enemy,
and escape in a skiff. The vessel went down
shortly after they left her.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they bad passed the bill of the
Senate for the relief of Nancy Weatherford, with
amendments.
Also, that they had passed the following Senate
bills without amendment:
A bill for the relief of Amos Knapp;
A bill for the relief of Peter Amey, (colored
man;)
A bill for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;
A bill for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the
wife of John Blue, deceased;
A bill for the relief of George W. Torrence;
A bill to amend " An act to carry into effect a
treaty between the United States and Great Bri-
tain, "sisned on the5th June, 1854, and approved
August 5, 1854; and
A bill for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine Me.-
Clellan;
Also, that they had passed a bill to establish
Columbus, in the State of Mississippi; Chatta-
nooga, in the State of Tennessee, and Hickman, in
the State of Kentucky, ports of delivery.
THOMAS MORRIS.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the House bill for the relief of the children and
grandchildren of Thomas Morris.
