1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
an opportunity might be afforded to discuss them
fully, and to have a fair exposition of the views
of the various parts of the country upon them.
But if this course be pursued, that will be utterly
impracticable.
As a general thing, this kind of legislation, em-
bracing incongruous subjects in the same bill, is
mischievous, and has always been disapproved by
every well-ordered deliberative body; but here we
are about to break down the barriers between con-
gruity and incongruity, and introduce into the
appropriation bills, designed for a particular pur-
pose, all kinds of subjects, miscellaneous in their
character, diverse in their objects, and thus «en-
der impracticable what is always difficult: I mean
legislation in regard to the duties required on fab-
rics of foreign manufacture.
Now, sir, without regard to impropriety of time
or place, is this kind of legislation justified by the
condition of things existing in the country ? A
year ago it may be admitted that the country was
in a prosperous condition, that most of its indus-
trial interests were flourishing, and remunerative
to those engaged in them; but suddenly, from cir-
cumstances over which this Government had no
control, an entirely different state of things took
place. Instead of the prosperity existing a year
before, a very general prostration of the industrial
interests and business of the country now prevails.
This prostration pervades all the departments of
industry. It is not only the one which I am sup-
posed particularly to represent on this floor that
is suffering, but all other branches of industry
have been affected, more or less, by the operation
of the causes to which I have referred. The iron
interest, one of the most important in my own
State, is now in an extremely depressed condition.
Already influenced by causes independent of our
legislation, many manufacturing establishments
have been prevented from going into operation,
as they would have done if the prosperity of the
country had continued as it existed a year ago.
Some of these establishments have ceased oper-
ations entirely, whilst others have been com-
pelled materially to curtail them. This is true
of the woolen and cotton interests which exist
in my own State, as well as of the iron interest,
though not to the same extent. They, too, feel
the pressure of the times; they, too, are suffering,
and need the helping hand of Government in
order ta the enjoyment of a proper degree of pros-
perity. But instead of this, all these branches of
industry are met with legislation calculated to
prostrate and destroy them.
Now, sir, is this the time, independent of other
circumstances, to introduce a measure of this
kind? The Senator from Virginia has said that
this measure will carry blessings into the homes of
the American people. Sir, lie is mistaken. In-
stead of blessings, it will carry misery and want
to the hearths of thousands ana tens of thousands
of the laborers of the country, who are now com-
paratively prosperous and happy. It will drive
them from the employments by which they earn
their bread to se«k a livelihood in new vocations
with which many of them are unacquainted. This
will be one of its effects; and if the Senator from
Virginia doubts it, he has but to solicit informa-
tion, which will come to him thick and fast from
every quarter of the country, and especially from
the manufacturing and mining districts. Sir, if
he will but condescend to inquire, he will learn
how widely he mistakes the condition of things
that will ensue upon the passage of this measure.
Mr. President, I do not oppose this measure for
the purpose of consuming the little remaining time
of the session; but T regard it as a duty which I
owe to the interests of industry everywhere, and
especially in my own State, to make such feeble
opposition as I can to this most untimely and
uncalled-for legislation.
Another of the evil effects of this measure con-
sists in the precedent which it will help to estab-
lish, namely, that of placing every particular inter-
est of the country at the mercy of combinations.
The iron interest may be assailed to-day—a com- !
bination of the railroad men and those who want j
cheap iron, and think they can get it in this way, ;
may strike it down. To-morrow those who want I
cheap cloth may call for a reduction of the duty
on that article, and then there will be a combina-
■ tion, induced by interest, on the part of all those
to whom this would be desirable. In this manner
that branch of industry may be destroyed; and so,
one by one, all the interests of the country may
be stricken down.
Sir, this is neither the way nor the place to le-
gislate on this subject. The proper way is so to
legislate as to balance interests, and thus prevent
very high duties or ruinously low ones, so that all
may be regulated properly; and that, acting one
upon the other, all may be kept down to a mod-
erate standard; but that will not be the case if this
system be pursued. Establish the precedent by
introducing this, which is at once the largest and
most difficult of all subjects of legislation, into
your appropriation bills, md you will find here-
after that, instead of being a bill to provide for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
it will be a great omnibus into which all the legis-
lation of the country,congruous and incongruous,
will be crowded together, to the detriment of the
whole. Such will be the inevitable result; and I
now give notice that, if this measure shall prevail,
I will asfc to amend the bill by introducing the
French spoliation bill which was defeated by the
Executive veto. It is much more congruous,and
more in harmony with the pending measure than
the tariff. It provides for the payment of a class
of creditors to whom justice has been long post-
poned; and if anything could justify a departure
from the proper and ordinary rules of legislation,
it would be to provide for a class of men who have
so long been suppliants to Congress for justice.
Under ordinary circumstances, I would not at-
tempt to introduce into the appropriation bill a
subject which I admit to be incongruous; but if
the revision of the tariff, to be effected by the
fourth, fifth, and sixth sections of this bill is not
stricken out, I shall consider it proper to introduce
the bill to which I have just referred. Somebody
else may introduce the river and harbor bill, which
is equally proper with what will, in that case, have
already found a place in it. We shall find Miss
Dix's bill to provide for the indigent insane at-
tempted to be ingrafted on it. Numerous other
subjects will present themselves, and members will
claim the right to have them inserted. And why
should they not, after having inserted the tariff?
I need not recur to what has been said already
by my friend from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
and said so much better than 1 can say it, that it
is playing into the hands of classes in all sections
of the country who are pleased with agitation.
You will find measures of dangerous tendency
constantly thrust upon you, and especially in the
last days of the session, when your time is occu-
pied with measures of indispensable and pressing
necessity, from which your attention cannot be
diverted without detriment to great public interest.
Measures of this kind will be crowded upon you
in the expiring hours of the session, to multiply
the confusion which ordinarily reigns, and to make
legislation uncertain and dangerous.
Mr. President, perhaps the most fatal blow that
is to be struck by this measure is upon the inter-
ests of my own State; but let not those who rep-
resent other States and other interests " lay the
flattering unction to their souls " that they are to
be exempt from similar treatment when the time
for it shall arrive. Let our New England friends,
our Massachusetts friends especially, remember
that they have great and important interests which
require protection as much as the iron, or wool
and coal of Pennsylvania, that may be sometime
or another affected in the same way. Let them
remember that their day, too, will come, and
that, although they may unite to-day, as they
did a few days ago with their ancient enemies, to
break down and prostrate the interests of Penn-
sylvania, it may not be iong before they will be
treated in the same way, and have the chalice
which they are now commending to our lips re-
turned to their own. Though it may be alleged
here by the representatives of Massachusetts that
she needs no protection, we should remember
that this is not the language of their constituency,
who, if I am rightly informed, deprecate the course
pursued by their Senators on this floor. Of this
much, Mr. President, I am certain, that if this
be not the language of Massachusetts to-day, it is
not long since it has been.
Mr. President, I desire no improper combina-
tions to support Pennsylvania interests. I desire
to ally myself neither with the East, the West,
the North, or the South, to ward off this blow, in
any other way than justice and a community of
interests should unite us. I would have been
happy, it is true, to stand side by side with the #
Senators of Massachusetts, as in times past, to
prevent injustice to the interests of their State and
mine, i would have been glad of it on account of
old associations and memories, and of common
interests, preserved and promoted by common
efforts. I would have been glad, too, to have seen
them remain true to their ancient faith and ancient
friendships; but, sir, they have gone, and peace
go with them.
Now, sir, is it possible that we can legislate
judiciously upon this measure? Did you, sir, ac- '
quaint yourself, or have you had an oppsrtunity
to acquaint yourself, with the provisions of this
bill before to-day ? Until the last hour, my eyes
have never rested upon a page of this appropria-
tion bill. I believe it was not printed until yes-
terday; and certainly, it did not come upon our
desks until to-day. Yet the almost innumerable
subjects embraced in the various schedules of the
act of 1846, amounting to twelve hundred and up-
wards in number, are brought in here to-day to be
passed upon en masse in the course of a few min-
utes, without consideration, without investigation,
without knowing what interest we may prostrate,
or what injury we may do.
It is objectionable, Mr. President, in another
point of view, it is objectionable because it forces
Senators to act under compulsion. Here, to-day,
I feel that 1 am acting under compulsion. I know
that it would be wrong to defeat the appropriation
bill. I feel that it would be wrong to compel the
President to bring Congress together in an extra
session; yet I must either permit that to be done,
or I must take the bill as I find it, without con-
sideration, or without attempting to show, by a
minute examination of it, that it is subject to the
gravest objections and destructive to gieat and
vital interests. This measure is wrong for these
reasons, if for no others. But it is wrong for
manifold reasons, and although the reduction of
duty which it proposes might be so small as to
create no great distress on that account, it will
have, nevertheless, all the effects of an entire re-
peal. Why so? Because, sir, it will be known
hereafter that this subject may be brought into
Congress alone; that the great railroad interests
of the couStry, now become prominent, powerful,
and influential, may come here whenever it suits
them, and by allying themselves with other inter-
ests strike down the iron interest. If the subjects,
as formerly, were treated as a whole, and brought
in together m one bill, there would be that kind of
balancing of interests which would protect all;
but now, if this measure should be adopted, the
security which we formerly felt we possessed in
the fact that this measure would be acted on by
itself is lost; and we feel ourselves at the mercy
of such combinations as various opposing interests
may dictate—such interests as are guided by no
other motive than selfishness. We know it; we
feel it; and the manufacturers of my own State
would as soon to-day see theduty entirely repealed
as that this bill should pass in the form in which
it comes from the House. It may appearstrange,
but when you know how sensitive that interest
is, when you remember the blows which it has
received, blows which have prostrated it, break-
ing down private fortunes, sending thousands and
thousands of men adrift without labor, and with-
out bread, it will cease to be a wonder that they
would as soon see the duties entirely repealed as
to see this system of legislation introduced.
I may have more to say before the question is
taken, but I have said enough now to indicate my
opposition to the bill. I hesitated long before I
determined to oppose it at all, and it was not until
I had consulted with those who are much wiser
than myself on this subject, and on all subjects,
that I ventured upon this opposition; but as 1 have
embarked m it, I give notice that, if my physical
energy permits, I will continue it until my object
has been achieved, if that be practicable.
Mr. BADGER obtained the floor.
Mr. WELLER. I ask my friend from North
Carolina to allow me to introduce a resolution in
regard to a bill which has passed the Senate and
the House. We are now within the last three
days of the session, and we cannot have it signed
without a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BADGER. I yield.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following resolution:
