1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Rrsolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses be sus-
pended, so far as relates to the bill of the Senate 684, sup-
plemental to an net entitled " An act to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California," approved
March 3, 1851.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
from California to strikeout the limitation, and let
it refer to all bills.
Mr. WELLER. I should have made the prop-
osition in that way, but I was afraid that it might
meet with opposition. If there be no opposition,
I will do that.
Mr. PEARCE. I object to its being generally
applied to all bills.
Mr. BADGER. There is a rule of the Senate
which expressly provides that resolutions sus-
pending the joint rules, or for agreeing to the sus-
pension of the joint rules when proposed by the
Houseof Representatives, shall always be in order,
and shall be immediately considered and decided
without debate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
resolution as proposed. The Senator from Mary-
land objects to a resolution suspending the rule
generally.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it has been generally
limited. I suggest to my friend from North Car-
olina that it is generally introduced with a limita-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. If it is to be limited I shall
certainly object to it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution.
A Senator. There is objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now 011
its adoption.
The resolution was agreed to.
SLAVE TRADE IN CUBA.
Mr. MASON. On the 2Gth of July, 1854, a
message was received from the President of the
United States, communicating a report of the Sec-
retary of State, in answer to a resolution of the
23d of May, 1854, relative to the slave trade m
the Island of Cuba; but for certain reasons they
were not ordered to be printed. A call has been
made upon the Executive for papers of a like
character, and it is desirable to know what papers
shall be printed, and whatnot. I desire that those
papers may be taken from the file and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The order was made accordingly.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A rfiessage was received from the House of Rep-
repiesentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they insisted on their disagreement
to the forty-eighth, fiftieth, fifty-first, and fifty-
second amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with the various Indian
triues, for the year ending the 30th of June, W5C;
that they agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate 011 the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and that they had appointed Mr. Haven,
Mr. Orr, and Mr. John G. Davis managers at
the same on their part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PPvESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution, which
had been signed by the Speaker of the House:
A bill to confirm the canal selections in the State I
of Ohio;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason;
A bill extending in certain cases the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to extend preemption
rights to certain land therein mentioned," ap-
proved March 3, 1853;
A bill for the relief of Charles W. Carroll;
A bill to amend " An act to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
district of Tampa;"
A bill to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Alabama;
A bill to establish the collection districts of Cape
Perpetua ar.d Port Orford, in the Territory of
Oregon, and to-fix the salaries of the officers of
the customs therein;
A bill to prevent mistrials in the district and
circuit courts of the United States in certain cases;
A bill for the relief of purchasers and locators
of swamp and overflowed lands;
A bill to provide a more efficient discipline for
the Navy;
A bill for the relief of John R. Bowes, agent in
charge of the property of the United States at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana, and of
Isaac S. Smith, of the city of Buffalo, New York;
A bill making appropriations for the transporta-
tion of the United States mail, by ocean steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal years ending the
30th June, 1855, and the 30th June, 1856;^,
A bill to amend the act approved 26th August,
1852, entitled " An act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota," and for
other purposes;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Searle <fc Co., for
extra servicel-endered the Post Office Department
of the United States; and
A joint resolution in relation to the New Or-
leans custom-house.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
„ Mr. BADGER. I desire, Mr. President, be-
fore submitting a remark or two on the general
subject, to explain the purpose of the amendment
which I have introduced, and the effect which I
design it to have. It is offered as an amendment
to the fourth section of the bill; which section is
the first of the five sections, comprehending the
tariff part of the bill. If the Senate should agree
to that amendment, I shall then call for a division
of the question upon the striking out, on the mo-
tion of my friend from Delaware, in hope that the
Senate will retain the fourth section as it will stand,
if the amendment which 1 haveoffered be adopted,
and strike out the residue of the tariff bill. I11
other words, my amendment is proposed as a sub-
stitute for the taiiff bill sent to us from the House
of Representatives as a part of the general appro-
priation bill. Having said that, Mr. President,
with the view of explaining the effect and opera-
tion of it, I desire to say a word or two to my
friends from Pennsylvania, They are naturally
solicitous that the provision sent to us by the
House of Representatives should not become a
law; they manifest a natural and a just sensitive-
ness to any provision by which the protection
afforded by the tariff is to be stricken down or re-
duced. But my friends will allow me to say to
them that, in the eagerness with which they pur-
sue their object, they are likely to fall into the
mistakeof losingall, because they are unwilling to
concede a part. Now, sir, for myself, 1 am not
disposed, if I can help it, to vote for a general
tariff bill upon this appropriation bill. I think that
&uch a procedure in itself is unwise; that the most
mischievous consequences have followed to this
country from frequent changes of the system of
duties that governs our commercial intercourse
with foreign States; that nothing is more desirable,
more highly important, than that some general
system should be maintained with regularity; and
that no deviation should be made from it, except
in cases of necessity, and no general revision en-
tered into, except upon the fullest and most accu-
rate investigation, and the amplest time for debate.
But, Mr. President, the amendment which I have
proposed is intended to grant some relief, which
is extremely important to my own State at this
time, and to many other States similarly situated,
to the great enterprises which are now on foot,
and in which are put forth the whole energy and
means of a large portion of the southern country.
In my owr. State the measure of relief which my
amendment proposes ia of the highest importance.
It is the case in other States, and I desire to obtain
that advantage. It is the remission or surrender
of duties on railroad iron imported and laid down,
for a period of three years, commencing eighteen
months past, and ending eighteen months after the
passage of this bill. The amendment also embraces
a concession as to the importation of dye-stuffs
free of duty, and of the finest quality of unmanu-
factured wool. If that amendment can be obtained,
I stand ready, for one, to vote against the tariff
which the House have proposed' to incorporate
in this bill. I do so for the reasons which I have
stated of the general impolicy of undertaking, with-
out extreme care, and full examination to revise
so delicate a subject as the tariff generally.
Now, sir, my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooper] says that he looks upon this subject not
as a sectional man; he knows no North,no South,
no East, no West; he is altogether American. I
have no doubt, Mr. President, that my friend ia
perfectly sincere, and thinks that that is the view
which he takes of this and of every other subject;
but he will pardon me for saying that we have had
repeated proofs in the past, that Pennsylvania, un-
known to himself, represents, in his" mind, all these
vast interests, and embraces the extent of this
whole empire. Sir, Pennsylvania spreads so vast
a disc, that she not only fills the zenith, but, in his
view, she stretches even to the horizon; and when
he sees Pennsylvania, he thinks he sees North,
South, East, and West all combined. It is nat-
ural; I do not urge it as an objection against him.
His is a great State. His people have a great
interest in this question; and while nothing would
induce him, consciously, to depart from the pur-
suit of that high and elevated patriotism which in-
fluences, and ought to influence, the dictates of his
heart, he must permit me to say that he is evi-
dently misled, and that the vast object which now
fills his mind, directs his desires, regulates his
conduct, and governs his vote, is Pennsylvania
first, Pennsylvania next, and Pennsylvania all the
time. Is it not so, Mr. President?
My friend, in the remarks which he has just
made, broke ground upon this subject. He stated
that he had said all he had to say at the present
time; but he gave us distinct notice, entirely un-
mistakable, that not only by reasoning and argu-
ment, but so far as he shall possess physical
powers, he will, by putting to the test the endur-
ance of the Senate prevent the adoption of this
measure, whether the Senate are in favor of it or
not. Does not my friend see, at once, that the
announcement of such a proposition does not
show that enlarged and liberal view which he
says, and I have no doubt, he thinks, actuates
him? Does he not see that it springs from sec-
tionalism ? Does he not perceive that it is dic-
tated by Pennsylvania interests ? Does he not see
that such an announcement as that can only pro-
ceed from a mistaken view, in his mind, of the
great and leading motive which directs him in this
species of assault? Now, I say to him, thatirre-
spective of the period of the session when this
measure comes forward, it is right and just that
he should debate it; it is proper and becoming
that he should fully deliver his sentiments upon it.
Even if it were the last day,T would say that he
ought to do it, and that he ought not to be driven
from discharging the high duty which he thinks
he owes to his constituents and the country, by
the consideration that the House have sent us this
tariff bill in the last few days of the session; but
will my friend allow me to call his mind to the
distinction between, doing that and announcing a
purpose, by entering into a physical contest, and
putting forth all the energies which his capacity
of endurancewill enable him to put forth, to pre-
vent the decision of this question according to what
may be the judgment of the Senate ? I beg to say
to h i m that,as far as the general tariff is concerned,
if he will allow me, I will stand by him and vote
against its incorporation into this appropriation
bill. But, sir, we are in such a situation in the
southern country that we must have some relief.
I am willing to obtain it with as little injury to
the other portions of the country as possible.. X
am willing to obtain it with as little displacement
of the tariff regulations as possible; but if we can-
not have it in a moderate form, I say to my friend
that I must be compelled, however reluctantly, to
vote for obtaining it in the form in which it is pro-
posed by the House of Representatives. I shall
deeply regret it, but necessity knows no law; I
must have some respect for the portion of country
which I represent; I must have some respect for
interests which are languishing, which are strug-
gling, which are endeavoring to bring forth the
resources of my own State, and of the circum-
jacent southern country; and if our friends who
are opposed to the general revision of the tariff,
will not give us any assistance, they necessarily
uiive us to do, from the overpowering considera-
tions which I have stated, what, otherwise, we
should willingly forbear to do. I hope, therefore,
that it will meet with the approbation of the Sen-
ate to adopt the proposition which I have offered,
and discard the other provisions of the tariff part
of the bill. 1
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the subject of
