1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1-
otherwise provided for" will completely prevent
the result.which I anticipate. I "do not think so;
I think the words " not otherwise provided for"
refer to the provisions of this bill, and 1 6annot
see how it can possibly otherwise be construed. I
know that my friend from Virginia thinks differ-
ently, and perhaps he considers that it is very extra-
ordinary that I do not arrive at the same conclu-
sion to which he has come. But so it strikes me.
I think, therefore, those articles will be subject to
this operation of the bill. While I am entirely will-
ing to allow many crude articles to come in free of
duty, for the benefit of American manufacturing
industry, I am not willing to relieve from the
revenue duties which belong to our system, or to
transfer to a lower schedule, such manufactured
articles as those which are the products of our
own industry, as well as that of foreign countries.
Especially should I be unwilling to uo this when
the probable result would be by destroying the
home competition, to give a monopoly t® the
foreign manufacturer, who, in such case, would be
sure to raise the price, and thus burden instead of
benefit the consumer.
But, if my construction of the words I have
mentioned is wrong, there ia another portion of
the bill in which the same words are used, where
the operation will be equally disastrous. There
ia this provision, " garden seeds and all other seeds
for agricultural, horticultural, medicinal, and man-
ufacturing purposes not otherwise provided for,"
shall " be transferred to schedule 1." The article
of linseed is not named, but as an article used in
manufacturing purposes 1 suppose it comes in
under the general description just quoted; and if
the Senator's construction or the words " not
otherwise provided for " applies to the other section,
and has the same effect in this section, it will not
be transferred to the schedule to which I think it
ought to be transferred. We imported into the
United States more than eleven hundred thousand
bushels of linseed during the last fiscal year, of
which more than a million bushels came from the
East Indies. It now pays a duty of ten per cent,
in the United States, while Great Britain allows
its importation duty free. The consequence is,
that Great Britain imports a much larger quan-
tity of this linseed from the East Indies than we
do, besides immense quantities from the Russian
possessions on the Black Sea and Sea of Azof.
W e import it for the purpose of making linseed
oil, an article of large and necessary consumption,
and not supplied by our manufacturers—the defi-
ciency being made up by the importation of about
a million and a half of gallons, almost all of which
comes from England. The refuse, after express-
ing the oil, is shipped to England to fatten cattle.
Now the price of linseed varies from $1 30 to
$1 CO per bushel, and is, at present, higher still.
So that the commerce of the United States in this
crude article, amounting to more than $1,500,000
per annum, is well worthy the attention of a
statesman. It would injure no American interest
to allow its entry free of duty, but would directly
benefit those concerned in the manufacture of the
oil, and, most probably, the consumer too. But
it cannot come in free of duty under the construc-
tion of the words " not otherwise provided for,"
which Senators think the proper construction.
These are not interesting details, 1 know, and I
do not meiflion them with the expectation that
they will have any effect upon the Senate, other-
wise than to show that this is not a well consid-
ered bill—that we are not certain how it is going
to operate, and that it requires more careful con-
sideration than can possibly be given to it at this
time. I think, when I have shown some of the
general considerations which belong to the sub-
ject, and a few of the details, to which I have
"stated specific objections, I have said enough to
justify me in voting against the measure at this
time. More especially do 1 think so when it
comes to us as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. Sir, if we do not
strike out this part of the bill, we shall set a very
bad example for future legislation. Bills for rais-
ing revenue should not be mingled with bills
making appropriations for the current expenses of
Government. The one is under the control ori-
ginally of the House of Representatives only—bills
of the other class are equally within the authority
of the Senate.
If we allow a measure of this character and im-
portance, which heretofore has always been well
considered, and considered by itself, irrespective
of and unconnected with bills of a different char-
acter, to be forced upon us by the House of Rep-
resentatives; if we permit this to be done in the
expiring days of the session, when such a vast
amount of business remains undisposed of; when
all the great bills for the "support of the Govern-
ment are behind, some of them not yet even con-
sidered by the Committee on Finance; if we allow
this, and thus surrender up our equal share in the
legislation of Congress to the other House, we
become dependent upon it, subservient to its will,
and practically under its discipline and control.
Sir, I will not consent to it. If the bill shall be
defeated by my refusing to give my vote for it, it
shall be defeated. 1 am willing to go to the coun-
try upon this issue, and let the people of the Uni-
ted States determine whether it is a factious or
legitimate opposition. For my part, sir, I shall
not be sorry to see the civil and diplomatic bill fail
in this House if these provisions be not stricken
out; not because I do not consider that an evil;
not because 1 would not avoid it if possible, but
because I think the time has come when the Sen-
ate must demand sufficient time to consider such
questions as these, or abandon its independence.
The practical operation of most of our legislation
on the appropriation bills is, that the House keeps
them there until the Senate have arrived at such a
period of the session as renders it impossible for
them to discharge theiY duties understandingly.
Great as this evil is, it is much less when con-
fined to a measure for supplying the wants of the
Government for a single year, than when to such
a bill the House of Representatives adds a meas-
ure which affects the whole industry of the coun-
try, does not expire with the fiscal year, but is
permanent in its terms, and may not be modified
without a serious struggle.
Mr. HUNTER. Some criticism has been
passed upon this portion of the bill, which it
seems to me 1 ought to notice as briefly as I can.
First comes the objection made by the Senator
from Delaware, and the Senator from Maryland,
my friend, who find portions of the bill to which
they can raise some opposition. The Senator
from Delaware says that we have made an im-
proper discrimination between bonded goods—
between those which come in after a certain date,
and those which come in before. I admit, sir,
that there is some error in that regard, but itis an
error which can easily be remedied in another bill
by subsequent legislation; and at any rate it is not
more of an error, if it b,e one, than was found
in the tariff of 1842, which was originated as a
separate measure, and which imposed a duty
without a sufficient previous notice to merchants,
and thus made them pay at a higher rate when
they had bought them under the expectation of
paying only according to the then existing and
lower scale of. duties.
So great was the injury thus inflicted, that it
has been the foundation of more than one petition
which has been referred to our committee to have
the duties refunded. Sir, mistakes of this kind
will occur in every bill, no matter whether you
mature it separately, or consider it, as this is con-
sidered, in connection with an appropriation bill.
Nor, sir, can it be fairly said that this comes
upon us suddenly, and that we have had no time
to consider it. What is it? Itis in its general ,
principles merely a modification of the tariff act of !
184G. Does not every man know what that is
who has attended to the subject at all? This con-
sists in a reduction of one fifth of the duties im-
posed by that act, and a transfer of a few articles
to a lower schedule—of these wool is the most
important, which is reduced from thirty to eight
per cent. The other transfers consist of a few dye-
stuffs, which are carried to a lower schedule, or to
the free list. That is the whole of it; and can it
be said that this is a proposition which none of us
understand, which it requires time to enable us
to study so as to perceive the whole force of it?
Surely not. We know what has been the effect
and operation of that measure. I think I may
say that we must all 'admit that^its consequences
have been beneficial. We know that it now places
in our Treasury a larger amount of money than it !
is wholesome for us to have, and we believe we
can stand the reduction of something like one fifth i
in that revenue without feeling it.
I know that the honorable Senator from Mary- 1
land talks of the extravagant expenditures that are 1
likely to be incurred. Of course they will be
incurred, if we collect a large revenue. We shall
expend whatever we collect, if it be §120,000,000;
and it seems to me the great benefit of this meas-
ure is that it Will reduce our revenue to something
like the proper standard, and impose a practical
check on mischievous and extravagant legislation.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who first spoke, [Mr. Brodheid,] seemed
to think that it was impossible that this wotild
yield us revenue enough. Now, sir, I hold in my
hand a table, which has been very carefully pre-
pared, notupon the importations of the fiscal year,
ending the 1st of July, 1854, because they were
large and were made under an expansion, but
upon the importations of the fiscal year ending in
1853. According to this table, which I say has
been very carefully prepared, taking the rate of
duties upon the various articles imported in that
year, according to the changes proposed in this
bill, 1 find that the collection of revenue would be
some |49,000,000 and a fraction, from the cus-
toms. I acknowledge that this is subject to the
deduction mentioned by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, in regard to the articles which have
been made free under the reciprocity treaty—
amounting to something like a million and a half
of dollars. It still yields us, though, §48,000,000,
and we all know that the proposed duties would
probably yield more than that sum. We know
that when we reduce duties, imports increase; for
if you will look to the history of exports and im-
ports, you will find that they have much more
than doubled since 1844; you will find that the
tariff of 1846 acted like magic in increasing, not
only the exports, but the imports. This is to have
that effect, also. This will have the effect of
increasing the foreign trade by diminishing the
burdens upon it. It is known, too, that it must
increase, because our population is increasing at
a rate something like three and a third per centum
a year; and our wealth is increasing at a much
larger ratio. The table of exports and imports
will show that it is increasing even at a larger
ratio than our population.
In view of these circumstances, it seems to me,
we may reasonably expect, from the customs
alone, a revenue equal to what ought to be the eco-
nomical expenditures of this Government. What
were they during the last fiscal year? In the last
fiscal year, excluding the payments of the public
debt, they were something: like |51,000,000—be-
tween $50,000,000 and #5i;000,000; and this in-
cluded $7,000,000 paid under a treaty with Mex-
ico. Well, now we know that the public lands
are bringing us in, at the present time, large rev-
enues. About $8,000,000 were brought in during
the last fiscal year. They will yield us fully as
much this year. They will probably continue to
bring in as much for a vear or two, unless the
bounty land bill, which has been passed in the
House with amendments, should become a law.
That will diminish the receipts t« some extent. I
know not how much. But I believe the revenue
from the customs alone will, inthecourse of avery
short time, equal what ought to be the expendi-
tures of the Government, for its actual wants—I
mean the wants exclusive of the payment of the
public debt. It would be a great thing, a benefi-
c*a^ thing, if we could avoid this large surplus in.
the Treasury, which is tempting us into extrava-
gant and mischievous appropriations. Need I
enlarge upon the beneficial results which this would
have upon trade ? In proportion as you liberate
it from burdens, in proportion as you make enter-
prise and industry more profitable, and enable
them to bring in larger returns, you add not only
to the general prosperity and the wealth of the
country, but to its revenues. I do not believe it
will be very long before this tariff will bring us in
more than is required for the legitimate wants of
the U-overnment.
But, Mr. President, my friend from Maryland
who is usually moderate,-discreet, prudent, and
wise, said—and I regretted to hear him say—that
he would be glad to see the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill fail, if this tariff provision is
retained m it. Has he thought of the consequences
of the failure of such a bill ?
Mr. PEARCE. My friend from Virginia
slightly misapprehends me. I stated that I should
be very sorry to see it fail under ordinary circum-
stances, but that 1 should prefer to see it fail to
having these propositions pass along with it.
