1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1048
rank, bat they have gone on and either taken
away or reduced the duty upon every article of raw
material which enters into manufactures. They
begin by raising blankets, by raising manufac-
tures of flax, by raising manufactures of silk, into
a higher scale; and then, when they have got their
manufactured articles better protected in that way,
they turn round and take every article of raw
material, and give still further protection by re-
ducing them, not, as they do every other article
in the tariff, twenty per cent., butby carryingthem
down to the free list or to four per cent, duties.
In other words, the bill is equivalent to a direct
protection of about one hundred per cent, to those
manufactures. It is a bill to protect them, and
not a bill to act upon the general manufactures of
the country on a fair or equal footing.
I shall not go into the general details of the bill
now; but as the Senator from Virginia stated that
the synopsis which ha gave of its provisions was
correct and embraced its main and most important
features, I desire to'cail the attention of Sena'ors
Around me to the fact that, so far as the tariff pro-
vision is concerned, it is not for the benefit of the
general revenue system, but is especially aimed at
protecting certain manufacturing interests to the
detriment of others.
Mr. COOPER. I had not the pleasure of hear-
ing the beginning of the lecture of my friend from
North Carolina; but I had the pleasure of listen-
ing to its cloSe. The principal fault found by
my friend with my conduct, in this debate, is,
my want of broad and national views; and that
I devote myself to Pennsylvania's interests, and
Pennsylvania's interests alone; that, although
many other things are patent and open to the
vision of everybody else, my eyes are closed to
all that do not pertain to Pennsylvania; and that
all the broad vista between the limits of my own
State and the far off horizon is entirely shut out
from my view. Sir, if that were true, my friend
ought to have commisserated the feebleness of
vision which is limited to objects immediately sur-
rounding me; and should have kindly labored to
couch the mental cataract which shortens it, in-
stead of finding fault and holding up such an
imperfection to ridicule. It was not generous in
my friend; not at all in consonance with the usual
gentleness which characterizes his conduct, so
invariably forbearing towards his fellows here.
But he has charged upon me as a grievous trans-
gression my devotion to Pennsylvania and her
interests.
It is true, sir, that I am devoted to Pennsyl-
vania. I was sent here to represent her interests
in the best manner I could, though feebly, I admit,
and I felt justified in doing so, knowing very well
that whilst such men as my friend from North
Carolina represent the interests of other States and
sections, they would be well taken care of, though
I should entirely neglect them. But, sir, to the
charge I plead guilty, and I admit that I love my
own country better than any other country; that
I love my own State better than any other State;
my own county better than any other county; and
I confess likewise that my own household, and my
own hearth, and those who cluster around it, are
dearer to me than any others. And does my friend
impute it to me as an offense that I do not love his
home and his wife more than I do my own?
[Laughter.] Would he regard me with more favor
if my affections were so enlarged and universal as
to induce me to disregard my own and covet hia ?
[Laughter.] No, sir; I doubt it. Instead, there-
fore, of this being a reproach, I consider it a
matter of commendation. And let me tell my
friend from North Carolina, that he whose heart
does not throb with affection for his own home
and that which is nearest, is not apt to feel a very
lively regard for things at a distance. If you do
not feel a cordial regard for objects that are about
you, it is but a poor sign that you take much
interest in those which are more remote.
Mr. President, I admit that my friend enter-
tains broad and enlarged views; that he is not
only patriotic, but philanthropic—embracing all
mankind in the scope of his exertions for their
welfare; but yet, sir, I have sometimes seen that
honorable Senator, for a moment—only for a mo-
ment, I admit—shortening his vision and drop-
ping his eyes npon things that arc at home. 1
remember, sir, on one occasion, when we had
here before us a great bill—a bill to provide for
the improvement of the harbors and rivers of the
whole country, there was a certain obstruction in
the river Cape Fear, in my friend's own State,
for which he was willing to legislate at the expense
of all the rest of the country. I have, too, a faint
recollection about an appropriation for improving
a certain locality called Nagg's Head, which he
prosecuted with more than his usual energy; and
1 doubt, sir, if he would have made the same
exertion for an improvement anywhere else. But
I do not blame my friend for that; I commend
him for it. I think I went with him; and I like
to see a representative stand up stoutly for the
interests of his own constituents. Every Senator
is presumed to take care of his own State, and
there is nothing wrong in doing so. Nor in pur-
suing the course which he did on these occasions
do I charge him with sectionalism, or with con-
duct in the least degree unbecoming in a liberal
statesman. But on another occasion, not very
long since, my friend, jf I recollect right, was
found combating alongside of those whose con-
duct did not rise even to the dignity of sectional-
ism. Not only did their efforts fall short of the
interests of the whole country, but even below
those of a section or a State, to the interests of a
few corporations who came here seeking advant-
ages at the expense of the rest of the people. I
shall not blame my friend even for that, for his
own State was to receive.a part of the advantage
of the measure which he aided to pass. I rather
give him credit for the able support which he gave
to that, as he does to every measure which he
undertakes to support at all. I only blame him
for finding fault with my ineffectual and feeble
attempts at that which his superior ability gener-
ally enables him to accomplish.
But, Mr. President, this is all foreign to the
question. I have only one remark more to make
on this subject, and that is in reference to what I
said m the conclusion of the remarks which I had
the honor to submit to the Senate a short time
ago. I then declared that I would continue to
oppose this bill, if my physical ability would en-
able me to do so. But I did not mean to say that
I would set up my own will in defiant opposition
to the will of the Senate; no such thing. I meant
that, so far as I should have the power, and it
was legitimate to do it, I would feel myself called
on to prevent the fourth, fifth, and sixth sections
of the bill before us from being enacted into a
law. And this 1 still declare my purpose to do.
I gave my views pretty much at length on the
subject-matter of the provisions of these sections
when I was last upon the floor. I did not elabo-
rate them, or point out the particular mischiefs
which would result from them. I did not think
that it was proper to do so at this stage of the ses-
sion; but I find that the bill is to be discussed; and
that topics even somewhat foreign to it are to be
brought into the discussion. The effects of the
tariff of 1846 upon the revenue and interests of the
country, have been introduced by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hcnter,] and I feel called upon to
notice them, and show how little that Senator
knows of the effects of that measure on the industry
of my own State, upon which he pretends to speak
with knowledge. He says that when that meas-
ure was pending before Congress, delegations from
Pennsylvania declared, as her Senators now de-
clare, that it was fraught with incalculable mis-
chief to the interests of that State; but that, under
its influence, we have seen those interests growing
in prosperity enlarging from day to day. Mr.
President, is this the fact? Had my friend from
Virginia paid attention to the condition of things
in Pennsylvania since the passage of the act of
1846, he would not have made the statement which
he did. I explained here, a few days ago, what,
I presume, is known to most members on this
floor—that that measure did not commence to oper-
ate efficiently until two or three years after its
passage; perhaps, not until the fourth year. A
state of things had arisen in Europe which pre-
vented its legitimate operation. A mania for rail-
roads had taken possession of the minds of the
people which resulted in chequering the whole
continent with railroad lines, requiring a large
amount of iron, and thus furnishing a market to
England for her iron; leaving our own market
free from the competition of foreign fabrics, espe-
cially of iron.
In addition to that, the crops of Europe were
visited with blight; the potato rot came; and in
1847 there was a failure of crops in the middle
portions of Europe, and this furnished a market
for the agricultural products of this country; and
the manufacturing establishments did not at once
furnish so large a market as they would havedone
if the act of 1842 had not been repealed; but, as
the prosperity of the country continued to exist, a
market was still found for our agricultural pro-
ducts. Our farmers sold their wheat, and, corn,
and meat at fair prices, and the condition of the
country remained prosperous until that state of
things ceased to exist. In 1848 the revolutions
came; the works of internal improvement in Eu-
rope were suspended. Good seasons came, and
with them abundant crops; and again the markets
of Europe were supplied with the products of
Europe, and our farmers were left with a home
market of diminished extent in which to sell their
surplus products.
Then commenced the operation of the act of
1846 in all its force. England, no longer finding
a marketon the continent for her iron, was obliged
to return to her old customer, the United States,
and she sent large quantities of iron here for our
supply. The consequence was, that the estab-
lishments' of Pennsylvania were broken down,
and remained prostrate until another change came
about. Congress had refused to lend its aid on
the application of our people for relief against the
effects of the act of 1846; but a change, arising
from causes extraneous altogether, took places
and produced a temporary restoration of pros-
perity. It was, however, sir, but temporary. But
a few months of high prices existed,and then the
reduction in price again took place; and at this
moment, instead of these establishments being
prosperous, and receiving remunerative prices,
many of them have ceased to produce altogether,
while others have curtailed operations to a consid-
erable extent. In the latter part of 1848, when
the tariff of 1846 began to operate in its full force,
instead of there being a prosperous condition of
things in Pennsylvania and elsewhere, we had a
recurrence of the state of things which existed in
1841 and 1842. Enterprises of all kinds, espe-
cially the manufacture of iron, were prostrated
under the influence of that blow, and the manufac-
turers became bankrupt. Their establishments
were put up for sale, and sold by the sheriff. The
hands were turned adrift, and not being able to
adapt themselves to other employments, were in a
condition of absolute want, suffering for bread in
many instances.
This is no fancy picture, and yet the Senator
from Virginia tells you that the act of 1846 brought
prosperity m its train to Pennsylvania. I thought
that my friend was better informed than this. I
know that he is not in the habit of making state-
ments which are not founded in fact; and there-
fore, I repeat, I was surprised when I heard him
declare that prosperity followed in the train of the
act of 1846, and as a consequence of it.
My friend, too, seems to attribute to that
measure an effect different from what he supposes
this will produce in respect to the revenue likely to
accrue from it. He tells us that the act of 1846
produced an increase of revenue; that a diminu-
tion of duties increases the revenue; and yet he
advocates this measure by which the duties are
reduced in order to diminish the revenues. He
declares that is one of the purposes of this act.
He asserts that the revenue is now too large, and
that extravagance in legislation is a consequence
of the redundance of the revenue; and that it
produces large appropriations for objects that do
not properly belong to the class for which Con-
gress ought to provide. But why, sir, is it, that
if the reduction of the tariff in 1846 increased the
amount of revenue, this act, which likewise pro-
poses a reduction, will not have a similar effect?
I should like to hear the reason for it. I do not
believe that a satisfactory reason can be given
why it will not be followed by the same effects as
the tariff of 1846. But suppose an increase of
importations should follow upon the diminution
of the duties, as possibly may be the case, what
will be the consequence upon the prosperity of the
country? Our foreign debt will be inevitably in-
creased by it; you will be obliged to send out still
larger amounts of specie in order to pay the interest
upon the debt that will be created. It will not
increase the amount of the products of the coun-
try that are to be sent abroad, by way of ex-
change, for the fabrics of foreign countries, bat
it will increase the amount of importations. Then,
