1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
104?
The PRESIDENT. There is not a quorum
present.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken, I beg
leave to call the attention of what few Senators
are here, to what I understand from the Senator
from Delaware to have been the custom hereto-
fore. I understand him to propose to amend
the resolution in conformity with the resolutions
which have heretofore been passed on this subject.
I think we have made a sufficient number of inno-
vations at this session of Congress, being the short
session, without making any more. Why that
provision should be put in there, I am unable to
see. The Senator from New York called upon
the Senator from Delaware to give some reason
why it should be stricken out. I expected, as a
matter of course, that the Senator from New York
would give some reason why it should be put
there; but he does not. There is no good reason
that can be given—none, except he says that Sen-
ators come here, their arrival is announced, their
names are placed upon the Journal, and if they go
away and remain for a time, no account is taken
of that, but they receive their full pay. Is that ;
any reason why that provision should be put in '
there? I cannot see it. All Senators who have
once arrived, are presumed to remain here, unless
the Journal shows their absence. I care nothing
about this thing; but I think the language was made
broad "enough to cover any case before it came to
embrace that general term; and inasmuch as it is
not in accordance with the resolutions which have
heretofore been passed, I prefer that we should
continue to be governed by those resolutions.
. Mr. BRODHEAD. Iappeal to my friend from
Delaware, who is a very liberal gentleman, to
withdraw his motion. 1 apprehend we have
pretty hard work to earn our pay, and sometimes
we receive no thanks for our services here.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a small matter; but
we should have a full Senate here. I think we
ought to have a call of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. That has never been done
here.
The PRESIDENT. There is no rule author-
izing a call of the Senate. Does the Senator from
Delaware withdraw his motion to amend?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; but I will state that
a man who does no work, ought not to have any
pay. I think that the one who stays at home
attending to his business, working in the courts
or attending to anything that keeps him away,
ought .not to be paid by the Government. Let
him pay himself. The other part of the resolu-
tion is perfectly unexceptionable. I know that
we are very poorly paid; but let us only take
what we are entitled to.
Mr. WELLER. I think the argument of the
Senator from Delaware would require that we
should go a step further, and that, whenever a
Senator is absent from his seat, upon professional
business, his pay should be stopped. He refuses
to pay Senators who are detained by business
until some weeks after the session commences. I
can see no reason, which would excludethemfrom
receiving their pay, that would not apply with
equal force to a Senator who leaves his public bus-
iness, and goes home to prosecute his private
affairs. Every body knows that that is the prac-
tice with Senators who reside in States adjacent
to the District of Columbia; and I apprehend that
unless they did avail themselves of this privilege,
tjie'y would find, at the termination of the session,
that they had been great losers by serving the
public.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to call the attention
of my friend from Delaware to the fact, that my
position was taken upon what I understood him
to say; but I now understand, from the Secretary,
that the resolution, as introduced by the Senator
from New York, is in the language of a similar
resolution of last session, so that it is not, as he
supposes, introducing a new feature.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware.
Mr. SEWARD. The Secretary is looking for
the former resolution, to see whether'it is similar
to this. I understand that the one which I intro-
duced was exactly in the words of the resolution
which passed at the last session. It was not my
intention to enlarge or diminish it. The Secretary
is looking for it, and we shall be advised aa to the
matter;
Mr. ADAMS. I will read from the Journal the
resolution of last session:
" Mr. Gwm submitted the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, under
the direction of the President of the Senate, the usual per
diem to such Senators as did not take their seats at the
beginning of the session by reason of sickness of themselves
ox families, providenual causes, or necessary business.'3
I see this is in exact conformity with it.
Mr. CLAYTON. And so you consider that
the example of last" session is made a precedent
for to-day, and this will be made a precedent for
all time to come.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is picayuning on a very
small scale. Last session I took the money to
picayuning
I took the
which I was entitled; and I think Senators who
do not get here at the beginning of the session
ought to have it. There is no difference between
them and Senators who come here the first day
and the next, and then go off for ten days. The
resolution is right in itself. If the amendment be
agreed to, the injustice will be done of paying
Senators while absent in the middle of the session,
and refusing to pay those who were a few days
late in taking their seats, on account of necessary
business.
Mr. CLAYTON. It is picayuning on a* very
small scale for a man to put in his pocket money
that he never earned. That is picayuning on a
small scale. Those who choose may take the
money; I will not.
Mr. SEWARD. On the 2d of August, 1854,
a resolution passed the Senate nemine contradicente
in the same words as are contained in this resolu-
tion. Nobody objected to it. The honorable
Senator from Delaware was a member of the Sen-
ate at that time, and he raised no question about
it.
Mr. CLAYTON.-' I never heard a word of it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then the honorable Senator
was away, and took pay when he ought to have
been here to protect the public Treasury. [Laugh-
ter. J The records will show that the Senator was
paid eight dollars for August 2, 1854, and has
that money in his pocket.
Mr. CLAYTON. And was well entitled to it
for faithful service when here.
Mr. SEWAR.D. Bat the Senator was absent,
and did not make objection to that resolution, or
he was present, and was not faithful to his duty.
If he was absent he ought not to have received the
money.
Mr. CLAYTON. I did not hear anything of
such a resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. The remarks of the Senator
from Delaware require some notice. He talks of
men getting money that they have never earned.
If he will look to the records he will find that he
has been absent from his seat, after coming here
at the beginning of the session, and yet received
money for the time during which he was absent.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS Was it deducted ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, he differs, I pre-
sume, from almost every member oftheSenate; but
it is too small a matter to look into. The ques-
tion id, whether a man who can get here from his
business on the first day, or for the first twenty
days, and is absent for thirty, forty, or fifty days
afterwards, is more entitled to pay than one who
does not arrive here for some days after the begin-
ning of the session ? There is not a member of the
Senate who does not draw pay when he is not
here. From the foundation of the Government to
this time no man has ever sat in the American
Senate who has been here every day. There has
been no such case. It is contemptible to insist on
this.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, indeed, it really strikes
me as contemptible for a man to remain away, say
half a session of Congress, and then come here
and say, I was at home attending to my farm, or
superintending my business, or practising law in
the courts, and could not get here, and now I mean
to put the public money in my pocket for services
that were not rendered. There is no act of Con-
gress that authorizes that to be done. Sir, when
a man is sick, or is absent, detained, not by his
business, but by causes that are inevitable—for
example, when a man's family is sick, or when
one of his family is dead, he might be justified in
remaining: away. I went home for a short time
last aesBion, in consequence of the di&th dfa nftee,
but otherwise I stayed here and transacted, my
business in the Senate, from the commencement
until the close of the session, and received no com-
pensation for services not rendered.
Now, the Senator frpm New York says that no
question was raised in regard'to the' resolution of
last session, and that we ought to. be consistent.
Sir, I neyer heard of it. Other Senators pever
heard of it; but the Secretary "found it fn the jour-
nal, and handed it to one of the Senators. Then
it turns out that a precedent has been adopted. It
is not my intention, if the, Senate choose to pass
the resolution, tq interfere with their determina-
tion. I only wish to my fay 91^ that> lmvMgb#«i|
requested to call up some resolution authorizing
the payment to Senators who were necessarily
absent upon public business, or who were sick,
or who from providential causes, as the resolution
says, could qot attend here—"pi heejing it read,
the latter clause In it struck me as improper, and
I moved to strike it "out. I desire to consume no
more time. I leave it to the judgment oif every
gentleman. Ht Is a question of delicacy to be de-
cided by every gentleman for himself.
The amendment "was rej*ecWd, and the rWolutioft
was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to introduce areao-
lution in regard to three colored men who are iii
the employ of the Senate, but receive no compen-
sation. It has been the usual practice of the Sen-
ate to give them fifty dollars at least, at the clo&3
of the session. The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to Robert Carter, Henry Dodson>and Corne-
lius Lee, fifty dollars each.
The resolution was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Worcester, Massachusetts, praying the repeal
of the fugitive slave law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying the repeal of the naturalization
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
pages' extra compensation.
Mr. WELLER. A resolution was offered the
other day by the Senator from Florida, (Mr.
Morton,] who is not now in his seat, in regard
to the pages. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to offer that resolution now:
Resolved, That there be paid to each of the pages in .the
service of the Senate, out of the contingent fund,, the usual
extra compensation heretofore allowed them by resolution
of the Senate at the end of the session.
The PRESIDENT. That is in violation of a
law passed at Uie last session.
Mr. W ELLER. I am not aware that it is iti:
violation of any law. On the contrary, I know
it has been the usual practice of the Senate, at the
close of every session, to make the allowance, and
I think it has been made by resolution siiice the
law to which the Chair refers was passed.
The PRESIDENT. At the last session the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] reported &
bill, which becamea law, and which prohibits the
allowance of extra compensation to the officers and
other employees of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that it may be allowed
to lie over until I can ascertain how the law
stands.
professor esp^s report.
Mr. PEARCE. I yesterday gave notice to the
Senate that I should to-day move a reconsideration,,
of the vote concurring in the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing on the subject of printing Mr.
Espy's meteorological report. I now ask the
Senate to take up the resolution, with a view to
vote upon the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent, as the?e is another subject before ths
Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does the Senator wish to
have it printed ? I am opposed to printing any-
thing upon that subject. . .
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will allow
me to give my reasons for it.
The PRESIDENT. The civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill was before the Senate; when the
recess was taken, and that is now under consider-
ation. Any other business can be done only by
unarumousttJnsent. TheSsnator from Nfew York
