1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March lw
least embarrassment. There is much valuable
labor lost by this manner of doing business, if the
American people are well adapted to the culture
and manufacture of those things which conduce
to their comfort and convenience. It would be
really a strange state of things, to put a strong
case of this kind, if the farmers in the valley of
the .Mississippi, or the farmers of Ohio, should
conceive the idea that they would transport their
wh^at to New York, there to be manufactured
info flour and returned for their consumption.
There is not a man who would not say they would
lie doing a very unnecessary and very fopiish
thing; and yet, sir, that would be hardly more
unwise than it is to carry our flour to England or
any other European country, to feed the laborer
there who manufactures the iron, and then to bring
the iron three thousand miles to be laid on your
tracks, when you have all the materials which are
necessary to produee the article.
I know it has been said that free trade is the
principle which is most productive of benefits and
advantages to nations. There is one party who
talk constantly of free trade as being a universal
principle which every nation should adopt, with-
out any regard whatever, apparently, to its con-
dition and its relation to other nations; while there
is another party who contend for high tariffs and
restrictions. Now, sir, they may both be right;
for, in my judgment, it will depend very much on
how the nation is situated in relation to other na-
tions. If the people are necessarily an agricul-
tural people, if they have not skill and enterprise,
and the necessary materials, of course they must
go abroad for them. If they are essentially an
agricultural people; if their genius runs in that
direction with such tenacity that it cannot be
diverted; or, in other words, if they have not the
ingenuity to compete with other nations in manu-
factures, there is a reason, yea, there is a necessity,
why they must be free traders. If they live m a
climate where but few things can be produced,
while their wants extend to, and embrace, many
other articles, it is highly proper that they should
endeavor to barter and trade the things which they
can produce for those winch they wish to consume.
But a great people, possessed of ingenuity, of
enterprise, and the requisites to vio with all the
world, not only in production, but in manufacture,
pursue, it seems to me, a very unwise course when
they betake themselves to raising nothing but the
gross article, and then carrying it abroad, at an
expense almost equal to its production, to be ex-
changed for what they could better manufacture
themselves.
But what is the purpose of this bill? I am told,
and it is not disputed, that its object is to reduce
the duty on everything. 1 cannot tell how much
is embraced in the free list. My idea is, that all
those things which we wish for our comfort, con-
venience, or luxury, and which, from the nature
of things, the want of proper soil and climate, or
from any other cause, we cannot produce our-
selves, should come to us free of duty;such as
tea, coffee, spices, and all those things which we
cannot, in our country, produce or manufacture
for ourselves. Then, sir, no tariff can be called a
free-trade tariff which undertakes to discriminate
between one class of these articles and another.
If you are really in favor of free trade, or of
raising just so much as is necessary for revenue,
and for revenue alone, why do you not place tea,
and coffee, and spices, and a great many other
things which might be named, on the same range
that you do anything else? It is manifest that
those who let these things come in free, are not
the consistent advocates of free trade. The tariff
of I84G, which has been so much spoken of as
a free-trade tariff, was as far from it in principle,
as was the tariff of 1842. It discriminated with
no kind of consistency. It frequently discrim-
inated against the labor, enterprise, and industry
of our own citizens, and in favor of the interests
of foreign countries, and in other cases, it dis-
criminated partially, feebly, and fitfully, in favor
of our own industry. As I understand it, there
was really no principle asserted by it.
But, Mr. President, how is it with the bill
under consideration? I do not know anything
about it further than I have been informed by
those gentlemen who have had an opportuniiy to
compare it with other tariffs, and to ascertain how
the general principle is affected by it; but I believe
it is conceded on aU hands that its object, intent,
and effect, are really to reduce that meed of pro-
tection which is now afforded to our citizens by
the actof 1846. It is enough for me to know that
such is the general aim, scope, and intention of
the act, for 1 am a protectionist, and would give
protection to every department of industry in the
country. First, and most important of all, the
farmer, the agriculturist, whose interest I under-
stand, is entirely thrown away and annihilated
by the reduction here attempted, I would protect.
The great and all pervading interest of that class
embracing the most in number-ra class which is
inferior in no respeot to any other in point of in-
telligence, worth, or any sterling quality—a class
that does so much to adorn and build up a nation,
should receive our most sedulous and careful atten-
tion.
In the next place, all kinds of manufactures
should be looked to, but not to build up one in-
terest while disregarding another. I know it has
been said that these tariffs operate by way of
monopoly, favoring one class at the expense of
another. If they do that, sir, I would so modify
them that it would be impossible they should have
that effect; but I understand that the scope and
intention of the measure under consideration is to
build up some interests in derogation of others.
I understand tf$u the great and growing interests
of the manufacture of iron in the various modes
and manners of its use, areutterly and entirely dis-
regarded, and are to be prostrated by this measure.
I can never yield my assent to that; I can never
yield my assent to any such regulation of your
tariff as shall build up one particular branch of
industryatthe expense of another. Your legisla-
tion should be like the dews offleaven—impartial,
falling ahkeupon every branch of industry in this
greatcountry. I suppose it would be very difficult
to regulate it so that it should operate precisely
in the manner that I have stated, but it should
always be the intent and purpose of legislation to
effect that great ob ject.
Under what circumstances does this great ques-
tion arise ? During this session I have had ample
time to investigate such a question as this. Time
after time we have adjourned from Thursday to
Monday, when I found it very difficult to occupy
myself in any laudable occupation, and when, if
you had given notice that you were about to inter-
fere with and regulate anew this great subject, I
should have taken great pleasure in endeavoring
to inform myself upon it, so that if I could not
instruct others, 1 could, at all events, vote with
satisfaction to myself. But you failed to give us
notice that you had such a thing in contemplation.
The measure has slept upon your files or in the
minds of men until within a day or two past. 1
do not know when the bill was placed upon our
tables, but 1 believe not until yesterday or the day
before, and at this time of the session we are too
much engaged with other matters which challenge
our serious consideration to give any attention to
these abstruse and abstract principles. On look-
ing into the bill, all that I can see is, that you have
taken various articles in table A, B, or C, and
transferred them from one to another—you have
transposed them from one equation to another,
until you have made a problem which I cannot
work out. I have no time to compare one table
with another to ascertain what they are, and how
your proposed alteration will affect them, and I
question whether one-half the members of the
Senate have any intelligent idea upon the subject;
yet we are asked to give our votes, blindfold, for
a measure which will affect for weal or for woe
an infinity of the great interests of the country. I
protest against it. I deplore that we should be
driven, upon an important subject like this now,
in the night time, and be told the first moment you
take upthis bill, that it is to be forced through
before we shall give "slumber to our eyelids?"
Here, in the middle of the night, when the bill
has just been taken up, when no man has had
time to reflect upon it, you give us notice that we
must take it, and I know we must. Sir, I see
here a stern majority determined to sit sullenly
silent until the time comes to impose this upon
the neck of an unwilling, an outraged, and an
injured people.
Mr. President, I protest against it, but I find no
fault with, the House of Representatives. In that
particular I differ, wide as the poles, from my
friend from New York, [Mr. Seward.] He has
csBBur'ed th'e House of Representative's because
they have attached this great measure, undigested-,
and almost without knowing themselves what it
contained, to a bill with which it has no congruity
and thus they compel us either tp take both these
measures, with no principle, in common, or to
oppose both. It was a bold movement; but I
cannot persuade myself that the House isf Repre-
sentatives have not the power, under the Consti-
tution, legitimately to do it. Why have they not
the power? |Why do we stand here as censurers
of the House of Representatives for that whieh,-
in the plenitude of their power over this subject of
taxation, they have a right, under all circum-
stances, to do? What says the Constitution of
the United States ? Does it not deliberately declare
that they are the proper tribunal to determine to
what degree the people of the United States shall
be taxed ?
Mr. SEW A.RD. If.the honorable Senator from
Ohio will allow me, I would like to ask him ar
question. If the House of Representatives have
legitimately a right to attach a tariff to an appro-
priation bill, especially such a tariff as this, what
kind of a bill have they not a right to attach to an
appropriation bill, and is there any subject which
they cannot attaeh to it, and so enforee the passage
of a measure upon the Senate, however odious it
may be?
Mr. WADE. Iam not embarrassed, Mr. Pres-
ident, with the question of the Senator. Under
the Constitution of the United States, the House
of Representatives have full and plenary power
to originate all money bills. It was the determin-
ation of those who framed the Constitution of the
United States that the House of Representatives
should be the body in which taxation should
commence; yea, sir, and be controlled from the
time it was commenced until it was finished. Why
did you go into the Revolution? Was it not,
as much as anything else, because representation
and taxation did not go together ? Was it not the
chief reason why our forefathers rose up against
the power of Great Britain, that she claimed the
right to tax the Co'onies while they were not rep-
resented? How would it have been if they had
given us here in the Senate of the United States
the power of taxation? What equality would
there have been? Great Britain never proposed a
measure by which she would have governed a
Province on principles more tyrannical. Why,
sir, how are we composed here? My friend from
New York represents more millions of men than
the Senator from Delaware does hundreds of
thousands; and yet,if I understand him, he would
insinuate that the same power which exists in the:
House of Representatives over the great subject of
taxation ought to be possessed here with this im-
perfect, partial, fitful, representation. In some
cases it is scarcely any representation ai all.
A Sewator. It would destroy their sover-
eignty.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; it would amount to a
veto upon their rights. We have the right to
amend money bills if we please; but, under the
Constitution, the House of Representatives have
the sole power to originate them, and to say to
what extent their constituents shall be taxed. The
power was placed there because in that body there
was known to be a proper, not a partial and de-
pendent representation of the people of the United
States. They are not like petty German sover-.
eignties, with a duke in one plape, and a marquis
in another, possessing kingly power, and claiming
an equality with an Emperor. I say, it is absurd
and ridiculous to deny that power, and our fore-
fathers were guilty of no such inconsistency. In
forming the Constitution they intended that if
strife should arise between the two bodies, those
who had the constitutional power to originate
these bills should have power to do it upon just
such conditions as they saw fit to attach to it.
They who have jurisdiction over the whole matter
must always have jurisdiction over all its parts.
If they should say, we will raise no tax at all, you
might complain of that as revolutionary, though
the Government could run on for five years on
what has already been given, [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I may be allowed to
ask another question. Does the honorable Senator
pretend that it would be legitimate for the House
of Representatives to attach to an appropriation
bill a provision for the admission of a State into
the Union, or that a State should be rejected ?
Mr. WADE. I have already answered tht
