1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
question. 1 know of no limit to the power which
the Constitution places in the House of Repre-
sentatives over the subject of taxation. They are
sovereign, independent, and can attach just such a
condition as they see fit. In my judgment, the
case supposed by the honorable Senator is not
such an extreme case as it may appear to some.
Nothing is more probable than that just such a
case will arise; and God forbid thatl should throw
out an intimation here that I will $ot stand by
them, if such a case, in the course of human
events, should occur. They have the right to
say to you, and the State, receive this or receive
nothing at all; and if such a state of things should
arise, I should stand here contending for that
power with the same firmness and boldness as
now. If such a state of things should come, you
may then look back through the columns of the
Globe to ascertain my consistency, and you will
not find me shrinking from the doctrine which I
Eut forth to-night. 1 am exceedingly sorry to
ear my friend assert a doctrine that he may find
his constituents will compel him to go counter to
hereafter. Aye, sir, the House has the right to
attach any condition, and we have no right to
complain,though we may say,as I now say, that j
it would have been more generous and fair to have |
acted differently. We, as a coordinate bianch of i
the Government, have the power to negative what
they do in this particular, and we may no doubt
suggest to them defects in the propositions which
they submit to us; but if they stand upon the Con-
stitution and their right under it to originate these
bills, I say again they may do it upon just such
conditions as they please; 1 do not think that, in
the exercise of that power in this case, they have
used it very wisely; and I only contend for their
sovereign rights, and we are not to be their cen-
surers; because, upon this subject of taxation,
they are greater than we.
I wish, sir, that they had sent up this bill at an
earlier period of the session, for it would have
given me great pleasure, as 1 intimated before, to
investigate it, at least so far as to satisfy myself
how the proposed measure would operate. But
now I am asked to "go it blind." I know noth-
ing about it, except that there is hardly an interest
in the whole range of this country that is not
threatened with serious invasion by a measure
which has been brought up here, and about which
I know nothing.
A Senator. Then you are a " Know-Noth-
ing-
Mr. WADE. Sir, I find many gentlemen here,
who, judging from their apparent information upon
this bill, justly come under the category of" Know-
Nothings." I find scarcely two who agree as to I
what the bill contains, or what articles are affected ;
by it, or how they are affected. They say here j
is class A, with a certain amount of duty; class
B is to be transferred; and so they are carried back-
ward and forward. It is complex; it is difficult
for an unsophisticated man, so dull of apprehen-
sion as myself, to understand how it is to operate.
I suppose there are some so keen that all the com-
plex, intricate, and recondite subjects are to them
as clear as noon-dav,and beam upon their lumin-
ous minds by a kind of intuition, for by no other I
means could they be enlightened upon it now, j
when there is no time to examine it.^ The Com- |
mittee ought to understand the subject, because j
they have had it under consideration for a litJe
time; but, in regard to it, the body at large know
scarcely anything at all, and I gather this from
what they have said.
I -protest against this measure. I am opposed
to reducing duties and withholding even that mis-
erable meed of protection which our industry now
receives. I see that it is fraught with great and
serious evil. I see vast numbers of men thrown
out of employment, laboring under hardships and
difficulties which appeal strongly to the feelings of
every man who has any compassion, to afford
them some measure of relief and protection, or at
all events so to regulate his conducthere as not to
aggravate that which is almost insupportable now.
Mr. Piesident, I understand this is about to be
done; but it is enough for me to say that I must
oppose your proposition though it may be a good
one. Why, sir ? Because I do not know that it
is a good one. If you had time and opportunity,
perhaps you might show me that it is a most be-
neficent measure, and that its continued operation
will be beneficial to the whole country; but you
have not the time and opportunity; you have
brought it on at a period when it is impossible
that we can understand it; and when an important
subject like this is involved, I can never vote for a
measure which I do not, at least, think I under-
stand. I know that as regards this measure I am
altogether unprepared to say what its effect and
operation will be, and therefore I must give my
vote against it.
Mr. W1LSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will allow
one moment, I wish to ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia a question. I am endeavoring to get an
understanding rf the bill. At the bottom of page
63, in the fifth section, I find that " slabs or sheets
unmanufactured" are transferred to schedule H.
I should like to know what they are?
Mr. HUNTER. That is India rubber slabs or
sheets unmanufactured.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then the bill is punctuated
wrong. There is something, wrong about it.
, Mr. HUNTER. The bill may be punctuated
wrong, but that is a venial error.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is india rubber, is it?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, m slabs or sheets un-
manufactured.
Mr. BUTLER. It is very elastic.
Mr. WILSON here addressed the Senate. His
remarks, withheld for revision, will be found m
the Appendix.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not design to occupy
the time or attention of the Senate long. I take the
floor now for the purpose of asking for a division
of the question on the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina. It seems to me that it has
a double aspec^ and there ought to be a division
of the question upon it. I will thank the Secre-
tary to read it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It will be perceived, Mr.
President, that the first part of the amendment is
intended to benefit the projected railroads of the
south and southwest, and the latter part is in-
tended to benefit the manufacturer in New England.
Pro-slavery and Abolitionism ! Pro-slavery, and
Know-Nothingism ! I congratulate our southern
friends upon their new and accomplished allies in
the pursuit of free trade. My friend from Massa-
chusetts undertakes the advocacy of this proposi-
tion, and he intimates—old Massachusetts inti-
mates—that the idea of protection is to be forsaken.
This is the first time we have heard it from that
quarter for a very considerable period. 1 know
that it originated there; and so did the slave trade.
I know that the slave trade originated there, and
they made a similar bargain with the South to
continue it, which is now proposed. I regret this
state of things, because, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has intimated, there are to be measures
coming up from the House of Representatives
during the next session, which he does not want
to have arrested in the Senate. I suppose he alludes
to the restoration of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. WILSON. I made no allusion of that
kind.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood my friend
from Massachusetts to say that the next House of !
Representatives would be composed of different
political materials.
Mr. BUTLER made a remark in an undertone.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I admire the candor and
gallantry of my venerable friend from South
Carolina in defending the Senator from Massa-
chusetts upon this question of free trade. I will
not do rny friend from Massachusetts any injustice
by misstating his position; but he did say, as I
understood him, that the next House of Repre-
sentatives was to be composed of different politi-
cal materials from the present. What does that
mean ? Why, sir, that the political majority there
will go for the repeal of the fugitive slave law and
the restoration of the Missouri compromise; and
then, when such propositions as those come up to
the Senate from that House, he would be con-
sistent, and would vote for such a measure upon
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and
appeal to his position here this evening as a pre-
cedent for his course. But, sir, he looks further.
He looks into the future. I understood him to
say, the other day, and to intimate this evening,
that we must come to some more liberal com-
mercial policy, something like free trade and direct
taxation, and I think I can see the reason for it.
I understand why Massachusetts is changing her
position., There is something like $1,400,000,000
worth of negro property in the southern States,
and when we come to direct taxation, a lafge
amount will fall on that kind of property. I can
understand why the people of Massachusetts,,
who feel so much upon the question of slavery,
are willing to yield up the policy which they hav.e.
so long advocated, of protection to manufacture?.'
Why, sir, they have been protected until Lowell,
and other towns have been built up throughout
the State, and now they want further protection'
by having the latter clause of that amendment
adopted, so that their dye-stuffs and wool for
manufacturing establishments may" be admitted
free of duty. They are willing to contract with
those who are making railroads in the southern
country for the purpose ofaccomplishing it. Is this
the way to legislate ? It is unwise, it is impolitic,
it is uncalled for by the exigencies of the Treasury.
I know that we have a redundant Treasury at
present; but, as I undertook to show this morning,
it will not continue so long; under the operation
of the legislation which has been recently going
forward, it will soon be depleted. There is the
increase of the Army to the extent of four regi-
ments; that will be about $4,000,000 a year, I
think. There is the increase of the Navy—the
building of six frigates, costing $1,000,000 each,
and seven sloops of war, $500,000 each. There
is the payment of the Texas creditors, $7,750,000.
Then there is nearly $1,000,000 per annum to the
Collins line. This is the way you spend the pub-
lic money. On the other hand, there is a falling
off of $6,000,000 in the receipts from the public
lands, and $1,500,000 under the reciprocity treaty;
and all for the purpose of aiding New England in
carrying on her manufactures, and admitting her
breadstuff's free, in large quantities, from Canada.
As 1 showed this morning, she can, if necessary,
gain the admission of coal free of duty from the
British Provinces—the only kind that can enter
into competition with the coal of Pennsylvania.
So it is witn fish, and many other articles. New
England was never better provided for. I con-
gratulate New England upon the skill and ability
with which she has been able to manage the legis-
lation of this country for her own benefit. If she
can succeed in this—I will not say by an arrange-
ment, I will not say that there is any bargain
among honorable Senators, but there is a commu-
nity of interest; they have a like interest; they put
that and that together—if she can succeed in get-
ting wool and dye-stuffs free of duty; and if, at
the same time, though her railroads are built,and
she does not want to build many more, or does
not want to lay down a double track, she can dis-
regard the great iron manufacturing interests of
the country, and give railroad iron, and all other
iron free of duty, to the southern country, for the
purpose of making railroads, it is decidedly her
interest to do it.
But I think that this amendment to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill is entirely out of
time. It is out of place. It is revolutionary. I
think it is the most revolutionary proposition that
I have ever heard advocated in the Senate. It fur-
nishes a bad example. It is a precedent which
will hereafter rise up against southern gentlemen.
'• The evil that men do Uvea after them."
And this will live after us.
" We but teacli
Bloody instructions, whicll, being taught, return
To plaguo the inventor."
Let me tell southern Senators that, if they agree
to this proposition, there is danger that hereafter
the ingredients of the poisoned chalice may be
commended to their own lips.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate; but Senators will excuse meforfeel-
ing a deep interest upon this subject. It is one in
which those whom I have the honor in part to
represent feel a deep interest, and, therefore, it is
one on which I cannot be insensible.
Mr. WILSON again addressed theSenate. His
speech will be published hereafter.
Mr. BROWN. I have no purpose to engage
in a general discussion of the tariff on this amend-
ment, and but for the remarks of my friend from
Pennsylvania, whose opinions I am accustomed
to respect, I i|hould have been silent. The other
day 1 felt a little galled when we had up the rail-
road iron bill, that the Senator should, as I thought,
very unnecessarily have lugged in the slavery
question, and intimated to us that, unless we of
