1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the South, whose opinions were well known and
well defined on the tariff policy of the country,
should more accurately accord with his than we
were likely to do, hereafter on the subject of sla-
very we should not receive that cordial support
from certain portions of the North which we have
been accustomed to receive; and to-night we have
the same lesson read to us from the same source.
I confess, Mr. President, that 1 am growing a little
restive under this. I feel thankful to my friend
from Pennsylvania for what I concede to have
been his stern and steady'support of our constitu-
tional rights; but I never dreamed that we were
to be placed under special personal obligations to
him or to any one else for the course which they
pursued here. We have assumed and maintained
that we had rights under the Constitution; and
the Senator, concurring with us in that view, has
come manfully up to the support of those consti-
tutional rights; but I never tor a moment dreamed
that we were to pay a consideration for support
like that. I did notsuppose that because that Sen-
ator, or any other northern gentleman, chose to
support us on the subject of slavery—giving to us
simply our constitutional rights, nothing more,
for that is all we have ever asked—we were to be
required, on the other hand, to surrender some-
thing to the North. I confess, Mr. President, I
did not listen with much composure to the appeal
of the Senator, when he said, with emphasis, that
he congratulated us of the South that we were
found in company with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The Senator from Massachusetts comes here
heralded with'Certain antecedents which are ex-
ceedingly distasteful to me and to the wholeSouth;
but I believe my friend from Pennsylvania claims
to be a Democrat; and pray, sir, in what com-
pany, upon this subject, is he caught? A Demo-
crat, standing up in the Senate to-night, and ap-
pealing to the policy of the Clays and Websters
of days that are gone by—to the old fashioned
protective tariff policy of the country, palpably in
the teeth of the whole Democratic policy of the j
land. When he congratulates me that i chance
to be found on this occasion in company with the
Senator from Massachusetts, I ask him where is
he found ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Missis-
sippi misunderstands my position.
Mr. BROWN. I hope so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have not been appealing
on my own behalf to that policy. 1 alluded to the
change in Massachusetts on that subject. What
I complain of is, that my friends from the South
now strike at the Democratic principle contained
in the act of 1846, by special legislation for rail-
road corporations.
Mr. BROWN. As to the change of policy in
Massachusetts, I am as proud to seeit as any one
can be. I am very glad that a change has come
o'er the spirttof the dream of that State; and now,
Bince she has commenced reforming, I trust she
will carry the reformation clear through, and get
right by and by on the subject of slavery, as she
seems to have got on thesubject of the tariff. We
ought not to be taunted because a solitary Senator
from Massachusetts, entertaining extreme views
on the subjectof slavery, happens to coincide with
us on the tariff. Where do the Senators on the
other side of the Chamber stand? The Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] the Senator
front Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Gillette,] and the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessende^,] all entertaining ex-
treme views on the subject of slavery, where are
they? Cheek by jowl with my friend from Penn-
sylvania. Why, sir, the only man in the whole
crowd that we have captured is the Senator from
Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that the honorable
Senator does not intimate that I entertain extreme
views on the subject of slavery. [Renewed
laughter ]
Mr. BROWN. Oh no ! everybody knows that
the Senator from New York is exceedingly mod
erate on the subject of slavery, [laughter;] but he
has a marvelously queer way of expressing his
opinions.
I said in the outset that I did not mean to dis-
cuss the subject of the tariff. I do not conceive j
that we have any time, even if it were necessary to
do so; and now I am free to say that I thinkthis
tariff movement is out of place; but since it is
here, I shall vote for it, because I will record rio
vote here or anywhere else other than that which
I shall record if I vote to retain this provision. I
should infinitely have preferred to see the tariff
stand by itself, and not have it forced upon us or
upon a reluctant Senate, or even upon a reluctant
minority in the Senate, in this way; but if it shall
please a majority to pass it in this form, let it be
so. 1 do not sympathize with the declaration
made on the other side, that there is anything rev-
olutionary in this. The same thing has been done
before. That has been very well shown by the
Senator from Massachusetts. Even the Senator
from New York, who complains of this thing as
being revolutionary, voted for the river and har-
bor bill as an amendment to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and that was certainly as
much out of place on an appropriation bill as this
can be. But 1 think, myself, that a bad example
is more honored in the breach than in the observ-
ance. 1 am not wedded to this movement. I do
not think it a fortunate movement; and 1 have sev-
eral reasons for thinking so, which, perhaps, it
would not be altogether prudent to express on this
occasion. Certainly, there is no necessity for
expressing them.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the Senator to
state that such a thing as is proposed by this bill
has been done before—not that individual Sena-
tors have attempted it, but that it has been done
before. Will he be kind enough to state to me,
in the history of the country, one instance in
which, on the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, a general system of legislation, in reference
to any interest, has ever passed both Houses?
Mr. BROWN. I have not the precedents at
my finger's ends; but we all know that the sys-
tem of ** tacking,"as itis termed in parliamentary
language, has been going on for years.
Mr. HUNTER I can furnish the Senator with
an instance, which occurred in the act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic\xpen-
ses of the Government for the year ending the
30th day of June, 1847, and for other purposes,
which was approved August 10, 3846. In that
bill is found this provision:
il And in appraising all goods, at any port, of the United
States, heretofore subjected specific duties, but upon
winch ad valorem duues are imposed by the act of theUOth
of July la^t, entitled i An act i educing the duty cm imports,
and tor other purposes,' rcfi'ience shall be had to values
and invoices of similar goods imported during the last fiscal
year, under such general and uniform regulations for the
prevention of fiaud or undervaluation db shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was not a revision
of the tariff.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Delaware
made a remark to which I will interpose an an-
swer. 1 did not intend to take part in this debate,
but 1 say that the southern portion of the mem-
bers here have always protested against using the ;
appropriation bills as vehicles to carry out favorite !
measures. My friend from Delaware has asked I
very emphatically whether we can point to a single
instance 
Mr. BAYARD. Of general legislation.
Mr. BUTLER. That is a qualification.
Mr. BAYARD. It is what i asked.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was the question.
Mr. BUTLER. I recollect that, to an appro-
priation bill, a late Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale.] offered as an amendment a provision
to abolish flogging in the Navy, one of the most
important measures, almost without exception, in
the opinion of naval officers, that has ever affected
the Navy of this country, and destroyed its dis-
cipline. What had that to do with an appropria-
tion bill? Was not that pretty general? It was
agreed to against the protestation of nearly the
whole of us; and yet my friend says there has
never been a single instance of such legislation. I
have never been in favor of this tacking of one
thing to another, in order to carry them all through;
or of using an appropriation bill as a great omnibus
to carry the favorite measures of gentlemen who
happen to be in a majority in the Senate.
But since the subject has been discussed—and I
protested against it—I will ask gentlemen who are
so much opposed to this as a precedent, to answer
me one question; and if they will answer it, it will
have a very important influence upon my vote.
The position has been taken by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, and, I believe, by others, that
if this is established as a precedent, it will be one
that will be resorted to in the House of Represent-
atives, and one in which they can take refuge for
an indicated measure which, is to come up at the
next session. Now, will that Senator, or will any
of those other Senators tell me that, if there is a
party in the House strong enough to carry that
measure upon an appropriation bill, th*y will not
vote for it? I ask tnem to say so in the face of
the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I have very little more to say.
I was proceeding to remark that the business of
tacking, as it has been termed, has been growing
upon us for years. It is, as every one must know,
clearly in violation of true parliamentary law.
Every subject ought legitimately to stand upon its
own merits. When you commence tacking them
together in this way, there is no telling where it
is to stop, but by and by one bill will be made to
contain the whole legislation of Congress. It was
for this consideration, I said, that this thing was
not at all to my taste at the beginning; but I am
not responsible for its being here. It was put in
by the House of Representatives, who have the
taxing power, and who alone have the power to
originate taxing bills. They sent it to us in this
form; and now the question is, whether we shall
strike it out. A vote to strike out would seem to
indicate that we were opposed to the thing itself.
I am not opposed to it. 1 am decidedly m favor
of it; and 1 only mean to express my conviction
that I should have preferred to vote for it in another
form—as a separate and distinct bill. I see ahead
precisely what has been foreshadowed by my
friend from South Carolina, that this is to lead to
consequences more potential in the end than the
mere passage of this tariff bill. A bad example
is more honored in the breach than in the observ-
ance anyhow; but when, by following it, it may
lead to serious consequences in the future, and
present a stateof things in which you must stand
at a disadvantage, it seems to me the sooner you
beat a retreat the better. Suppose the House of
Representatives put something upon the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill which shall be ex-
ceedingly distasteful to a majority of the Senate,
and they choose to stand out obstinately in favor
of their position, where are you to stand? Are
you to take the ground that the thing is m viola-
tion of parliamentary law, if you stand up for this
proposition, now, in its present form? There is
at least a point gained by being righton the record
on a question of this kind. So 1 have felt from
the beginning. The measure was not presented
in its present form after any consultation with
me, nor did I know that it was to come up in this
form. But now that it is here, I must vote either
to retain or to reject it. If I should vote to reject
I if, it would seem that I was voting to sustain the
| tariff as H now is, and I am not for that; if I vote
; to retain it, then 1 set an example which is to em-
barrass us hereafter. Without pui suing the sub-
ject further, Mr. President, I suggest, with great
diffidence, and with great deference, that it would
be better for those of us who are in favor of the
measure, and opposed to the motion of the Sen-
ator from De!aware,by common consent to letitgo
off It is out of place; and we cannot sustain it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I apprehend that
it is the intention and wish of the Senate to close
this debate if they can; and it occurs to my mind
that there is a mode of reaching it directly. The
great question of debate is not upon the amend-
ment which is immediately pending before the
Senate, and which was offered by yourself, sir,
[Mr. Badger in the chair,] but upon another
proposition altogether, and that proposition is the
bill as it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives. I rise to ask leave to withdraw your
amendment, and let us take a direct vote upon
the abstract proposition of striking out the tariff
sections of the bill. If the Senate does not mean
to strike them out, then your amendment is in
order. If it means to strike them out, let it do
so, and then this whole debate will be at an end.
I ask, you, sir, if consistent with your own feel-
ings, to withdraw your amendment, and let the
Senate come to a direct vote upon the proposition
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 hope so.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Tennessee
has anticipated me in part. The question now is
on the amendment offered by yourself. If the
wish of the Senator from Tennessee be complied
with, and that be withdrawn, we shall come to a
