1855.
TIfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
do; and yet they confess that they would sustain
the measure which he proposes to strike out, if it
stood singly and alone. I want some better reason
than that. Who,I would ask, Mr. President, are
expecting arid requiring this great change in the
tariff of our country ? It is not the Senators who
are occupying places upon this floor, but the toil-
ing millions of the country, who are hoping to-
day that they are to be relieved from the immense
burden that is imposed ufttiri them, fey which
such a large amount of money has been placed at
the disposal of Congress, that, as it has been said
eloquently, and, I fear truthfully, has induced ex-
traordinary legislation, which has spread broadcast
over the nation the impression that the high posi-
tion which the American Senate and House of
Representatives ought to occupy, has beeninvaded
and injured to some considerable extent. I cannot
wish such a state of things to exist. Why do we
want this money? We had about $63,000,000
last year, and only $51,000,000 were expended in
the large appropriations which were made. Now,
you are asked to relieve the country from the
balance of $15,000,000, or $20,000,000. The prop-
osition which is before the Senate does that, and
is it not proper and right ? Ought we not to do it ?
I think we should do it, regardless of forms, espe-
cially when the very mode which is proposed here
has been proved by the records to hare been
adopted in the Senate before.
What will the people say ? I appeal to a certain
class of gentlemen in this Chamber who have stood
at the hustings, and who have said, everywhere,
" we are in favor of low tariffs; we are in favor of
taking off the burden from the masses;" and who
could not have come here upon any other than
that great theory that every man is compelled to
advocate when he goes before the people, that he
is in favor of low taxes—will they go out from
this Chamber and ask the people to meet them, and
say, we stood against relieving you from this bur-
den simply and solely upon a technical objection?
We should have voted for the bill if it had been
brought in alone; but simply and solely because it
came in as a rider to another bill against which no
human being objects, we objected to it, threw it
out, and left you to pay from $15,000,000 to
#20,000,000 per annum, to be expended upon some
Collins operation, such as has already been acted
upon at this session. I do not believe in such legis-
lation. I do not believe the people of the country
will approve and sanction it.
But one thing struck me as most extraordinary.
This is simply a question of revenue. What strikes
me as so extraordinary is, that thesubjectof negro
slavery is so often drawn into the debates here,
upon every subject, no matter how extraneous it
is. I say it as a New England man, that I think
southern gentlemen have shown their good sense,
and it is in accordance with what I expected, that
they do not start and moot these questions them-
selves. The subject of slavery is originated by
men from the free States; audit is a theme which
demagogues are always using. It is urged both
at the South and the North by demagogues, who
desire to get here, and it is to be regretted. Let
each question stand on its legitimate footing.
There are times and places, we all know, to con-
sider the great question of negro slavery. It may
then be properly and justly considered, and we.j
can all, North and South, East and VVest, on t.Ve 1
proper occasion, consider it; but why, on-every
subject, upon a mere matter of raising moniv to
carry on our Government, a mere question of de-
ducing the taxes upon the people, shall this excit-
ing subject, extraneous as it is, be thrust into the
debate ? It is, as I say, a demagogue movement,
in my estimation, and I scorn and spurn it.
I only rose to say that I look upon this simply
as a question of revenue—simply a question
whether the people shall be relieved from the heavy
burden which is now imposed upon them—and I
ask gentlemen who have been trained in my own
folitical school, and who preach the doctrine that
believe, that the revenues of the country should
be brought down to the wants of the Government
and there stop, when they say that if this were
here, as a separate proposition, they would vote
for it, how will they go from this Hall before
the people and justify their vote in refusing this
boon to them, simply and solely because it is con-
nected with another measure which is not usually
debated, and which would pass the Senate in five
minutes, if this matter were struck out of it?
Mr. CLAYTON. Until this moment, Mr. Pres-
ident, I had resolved not to participate again in
the debate on this bill to-night; and I rise now
only for the purpose of saying a very few words,
caused by the remarks of the honorable Senator
who last addressed the body, [Mr. Wells.]
He says that no objections have been made to
the measure which 1 have moved to strike out,
that it is universally admitted that the measure is
in itself unexceptionable, and the only objection
is to the place and form in which the proposition
is presented to the Senate. Is that a fair view of
the manner in which the question has been treated
here? Why, sir, I tell the honorable Senator
that I look upon this measure if it were separated
from a general appropriation bill, as a stab at
the great farming and agricultural interests of the
country for the benefit of a few manufacturers in
the North. In fact, from what we have already
heard in the debate, that is sufficiently confessed.
What said the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson?] This bill was properly described by
theSenatorfromLouisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] when
he said it was a measure of protection—protection
to the manufacturer, but death to the farmer and
ruinous to the agricultural interest. I said this
morning that the part of the bill which I propose
to strike out, reduces the duty on wool from
thirty to eight per cent, ad valorem, and that that
measure would apply the knife to the throats of
millions of sheep in this country.
Sir, the farmers of the country have been already
sufficiently prostrated by your legislation, and I
predict that the day is rapidiy coming when they
will rise against your oppression. But, if the
manufacturers are resolved to array themselves
in opposition to the agricultural interest, if they
have determined to prosecute the contest against
us, let that contest come. 1 have been all my life
a faithful advocate of the doctrine of protection.
I stood here more than a quarter of a century ago
advocating the claims of the New England manu-
facturers to protection. I have defended my votes
before the agriculturists of my own section of
the country, chiefly on the very ground that, by
maintaining those manufacturers, we supplied our-
selves with a home market for our grain. But
now, sir, how stand we? Massachusetts, for whom
we have stood up so long and so faithfully, fails
us entirely in the hour of our need. She is ready
to join in the crusade against the agricultural
interests of the country. She is ready to agree
that wool shall receive no protection. She has
already agreed and voted that all the agricultural
products of the British North American posses-
sions shall come into the United States duty free.
There is not a single article that a farmer in the
middle States, or the southern States, or the north-
western States can produce, which you have not
admitted duty free under the reciprocity treaty of
last year. Do you suppose, sir, that the farming
interest finding itself now deserted by the manu-
facturing interest of the north will submit quietly?
Sir, 1 understand that already the cry has come
from an agricultural convention, composed of dele-
gates from numerous parts of this country, sitting
in this city, to-day, declaring that if the farming
interest can have no protection, there shall be no
protection to othars who see'r 'o discriminate in
ihe legislation of the country against them; and
do you expect to maintain yourselves in a contest
against them, successfully? Let me warn you to
beware of the day when you meet them in battle
array. There sire three millians of farmers in this
country; and they are able to put down both your
commercial and manufacturing protection, if they
unite. In the first plaee, you took away protec-
tion by admitting every product of agriculture
from the Canadas and British North America dutj^
free; and here, now, you have another proposition
to bring in wool duty free; or, whal'is equivalent
to that subject, to a duty of o !y eight per cent.
Notwithstanding this, the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire tells us that no objection
whatever has been taken to this measure. Oh no,
he says, it is admitted to be an excellent measure,
but the objection is as to the form and place. Sir,
I do not wish to protract the debate; but I do say
now that, independent of the objections to the
place and time at which this is proposed to be
done, there are objections which the honorable
Senator has not met, and cannot meet, arising out
of the impropriety, the gross oppression, of aucha
measure as this. But, air, if the proposition were
even just, it has been rightly "described by fcy col-
league, [Mr. Bayard,] and others, in its present
form and place, as a measure of coercion, a ('evo-
lutionary measure-, that will be attended in the
future with the most disastrous consequences to
the country. Let the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire meet this argument if he can.
The argument for reducing duties is, tfiat yon;
thereby reduce revenue. Nothing can be more
fallacious. You reduced duties by the tariff of
1846, and yet you double the revenue by it. Low-
duties often increase importations, fill
country with foreign manufactures, l'M'" ''HS-Suft
foreign debt, draw away our specie to i- y  ■> and
thus generally depreciate the value of all the prop-
erly in the country more than twenty times th&
amount of the specie withdrawn from circulation.
We have just emerged from one disastrous con-
traction of the currency. Shall we now have an-
other, and a still more distressing one?
Again, I repeat, that the House of Representa-
tives, which has passed this measure, is a House
a large majority of whose members go home to:
return no more. These are the expiring momenta
of the session of that House. Other persons have1
been elected to represent the interests of the coun-
try upon all questions. The present House, iiod.«r
these circumstances, has passed the civil and dif -
matic bill with this clause in it. It comes here '
the Senate, and we are told that it is well enough'
to let it pass now, and that next year the' true
Representatives of the people may repeal it. Ah,
sir, may they do so? If this be passed, and receive
Executive approval now, as we are assured by
the President's friends it will, then next year
when the repealing bill comes to be passed by
those who do represent the wishes of the people,
the Executive veto awaits the expression of the
popular will through their Representatives in Con-
gress. Is that fair? Is it not manifest that, by
this means of forcing this measure on us, and
getting the Executive approval of it, the advantage
is taken of the agricultural interest of the country ?
Mr. President, 1 rose only to say a few words.
Allow me now to add one or two things more,
and I shall have done. After having, for more
than a quarter of a century, voted with my friends
of the North, and with the manufacturing interests
generally, I find myself, and those whom I rep-
resent, " whistled down the wind, a prey to for-
tune." I find that the basis, the very ground-
work, on which I have heretofore sustained the
protective policy is taken from under my feet by
its own professed friends. I must be permitted
hereafter to maintain my own independent posi-
tion, truly representing those who sent me here,
on this question. And let me say, sir—for I think
it proper now to indicate so much—that, in my
future action in reference to the tariff, in conse-
quence of the revolution which has occurred.in
other quarters, and has been announced to us here,
instead of following the lights which have passed
away, f shall stand here as a faithful represent-
ative of the farming and agricultural interests of
the country, and shall regard them as paramount
to all others in every vote 1 shall give.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
[Mr. Badger in the chair,] when I requested you
to withdraw the amendment which you offered, I
did it with the hope and under the impression
that the Senate would come immediately to a direct
vote. I see no reason why they should not come
to a vote now. The opinion of every Senator here
is made up as to the isolated question whether
he will vote to strike out the tariff provisions
of this bill or not. If that vote be taken, the
question will be settled either one way or the
other. If the motion to strike out be rejected, the
detate can then go on profitably, but if there be
a fixed determination to agree to the motion to
strike out, this whole debate 13 a useless consump-
tion of time, as I think. All I ask is, that the
Senate will take the vote on the question whether
they mean to strike out or not.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am not
responsible for this debate, nor do I make any
apology for the remarks which I now propose to
submit. They will be very few.
I think the honorable Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] said that the farming and agricul-
tural interests of the country required the guardian
care of this Government. I wish him to dis-
tinguish, and te tell us what agricultural inter-
ests he alludes to. I can inforn-. the honorable
