1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
Senator that hia Procrustean doctrine of protection
will,.in ten years from this time, be as lonesome
a doctrine as will obtain anywhere. Sir, 1 repre-
sent a portion of the agricultural interests of this
country. I represent asmall portionof thecotton
growing and the rice growing interests of the
country, and so far as I am their representative, I
am willing to do without the guardian protection
of this Government.
TheSenator from Delaware alluded to the views
expressed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[R^r.l3Yu,j,9M,] who has spoken upon this subject,
j^ig-^nkltuents have the carrying trade by their
ships; and they are deeply concerned in the man-
ufacturing interest, which has grown up, in some
measure, by protection. Allow me to tell him that
we are ail of age; we are not m a state of minority,
requiring any further protection by this Govern-
ment. 1 am willing to say, as far as I can speak
as an humble representative, and a partial repre-
sentative—I do not mean partial so far as regards
interest, but as one representing in part only the
people of the South—that now, and hereafter, we
want no revenue raised out of one interest at the
expense of another. 1 do not understand that any
Government ought to perform the office of bestow-
ing bounties, or giving advantages to one part, or
Ojjf interest, or one section, over another. Your
ion, and mine, sir, [Mr. Badger in the chair,]
can do without this protection. Perhaps there was
a time after the termination of the war, in 1815,
when there was an excuse, a patriotic excuse, for
the interposition of the Government to save the
manufacturers of the North, who had, in some
measure,grown up under that war. They are now
able to take care of themselves. Although, I dare
say, I shall be arrayed against the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts next year, 1 will pay him
the compliment this evening—X do not care who
hears it—of saying that he has confined himself
to the legitimate sphere of debate, and has not gone
aut of his way to make allusions to other subjects
which have been introduced by others, in my
opinion, without discretion.
Sir, I thank my honorable friend from New
Hampshire for saying that, upon no occasion,
have these topics been brought into debate by a
southern man. No, sir; the question of what will
be the effect of this precedent, or this measure, or
any other measure, upon southern slavery, has
never originated with a southern man. It has been
the mischievous intermeddling of those who seek
to regulate society by the wisdom of legislation,
which I would rather dispense with. It came not
from the South. It has never come from the South.
Now, sir, to return to the subject. When the
honorable Senator from Delaware speaks of agri-
cultural interests, allow me to tell him that there
are some agricultural interests besides those of the
State of Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. Allow me to tell the honor-
able Senator that there are some other agricultural
interests also, besides those of the State of South
Carolina. Now, sir, will the Senator permit me
to name a few of those agricultural interests ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. CLAYTON. All the interests of the
mighty West, the great valley of the Mississippi,
the North and Northwest, comprehending the great
States of Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and the weaker
States and Territories of Iowa, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota, Pennsylvania, New York, New Eng-
land, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, and last
and least, Delaware. Now, sir, if the honorable
Senator does not consider that the production of
all the cereal grains, of wheat, corn, oats, rye,
barley, all the products of the farmer in the north-
western, the northern, and the middle States, are J
worthy of consideration, I have nothing more to ''
Gay.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, is it not strange
that a country which produces eighty bushels of
wheat to the acre should require protection ? Why,
sir, the States in the valley of the Mississippi will
govern us eventually. I know that. Why talk
about the protection of an interest that will be a
controlling interest in spite of all the influence you
can exert there? What an idea that California
needs protection, when they raise eighty bushels
of barley to the acre! Who wants protection?
None of the States which the Senator from Dela-
ware has named want it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Oh, yes.
Mr. BUTLER. New England says she can
do without it. Hardy New England, which
makes more by granite and ice than she says we
make out of cotton and rice, can stand up for her-
self. Any people who. can make money out of
granite and ice, want no protection. [Laughter.]
We, who buy their articles, send them back cot-
ton and rice to feed and clothe them. 1 think they
make a pretty fair bargain. We want nothing
but free trade and a fair understanding.
The gentleman has spoken about protecting the
middle States. I suppose he has a limited notion
of a stratum of States that are to be protected. I
believe he did not name any southern State; and the
amount of it is this: If protection is tocomeat all,
we shall be under the proscription of the legisla-
tion of Congress. Well, sir, we have fallen upon
strange times; but allow me to say to the honor-
able gentleman from Delaware—for whose literary
attainments and general views 1 have a very great
respect, though 1 believe I have never agreed with
him upon political subjects—that time is running
so fast, that he, with his little doctrines of close
trade and protection, might as well undertake to
oppose the great torrent of free trade as to throw
a bundle of fodder into the Mississippi to endeavor
to stop its mighty waters. [Laughter.] He can-
not do it. Why, sir, we want no protection
against England. When we are reduced to a
certainty that the two nations can see each other
face to face, and have dealings with each other in
ten days, what need have we of protection? God
himself has proclaimed that tiade and intercourse
are not to be controlled by the puny legislation of
man.
I do not know but that the earth is to be gov-
erned hereafter, as perhaps it has been governed
heretofore, by very wise dispensations. There
was a time when the pillars of Hercules were the
ultima thule of the earth; and there was no other
way of going from one part to the other than by
keeping close to the shore in galleys; butscarcely
hail Columbus discovered America when new mo-
tive powers of intercourse between one part of the
world and another were discovered, and scarcely
was that done before steam brought nations to-
gether which were enemies before, and made them
friends. Sir, I say, in my place here, that I be-
lieve the time will come, and it is not far off, when
we shall be brought so close together that my
friend from Delaware and myself will be living,as
it were, in opposite streets, and we can run down
to each other and trade according as we may think
it convenient to trade one with the other. Then
I hardly think he will be prating for protection to
agriculture. I do not want your protection; I do
not ask it.
Here allow me to return my thanks to my hon-
orable fnend fr«m New Hampshire for the remark
which lie made, that not one of the agitating ques-
tions which have been broughtinto this debate has
ever originated with a southern gentleman; and
now I shall close by another remark, which 1 wish
distinctly to be remembered.
Mr. WELLS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a single remark, merely to call
the minds of the gentlemen of the Senate to it,
and that is, in speaking of what ha3 been done
for the States, to compare what has been done by
this Government for the Old Thirteen with What
has been done for all the others rtow in the Union ?fi
Mr. BUTLER. Why, sir, the Old Thirteen
were the hive which sent out these swarms, and
as long as the old hive can feed them I dare say
they will come to it. [Laughter.] We may feel
very much complimented by that. Let us have
our colleges arid schools to which the children of
the West can come to be educated. I do not care
how far you extend them if they come to us and
jtet true doctrines, [laughter,] but none of these
cftse protective doctrines. If they will come and
get true doctrines, let them come back to us. I have
no doubt we are destined to be the poorest portion
of the Union; but when I say that I am not sure
that we may not be the strongest. I doubt very
much whether those people who fatten upon mere
wealth extracted either from the Government or
from the natural productions of the soil, and who
are sent here to govern, will trample on the poorer
portions of this Confederacy. I do not believe
it. You may resort to the history of Egypt, and
of Asia, anil of all others for illustrations on
this point. It is a remarkable fact in the history
of nations that Julius Ctesar reported that Great
Britain was not worth occupying; and yet Great
Britain by the toil bestowed on her soil is govern-
ing the earth, and she has come to the conclusion
that the best way to govern the world is by free
trade. I do not ask any gentleman upon any oc-
casion for any other than perfect free trade and a
fair trial.
Now, sir, I intend to close by a question which
I desire the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] to hear. He has stated on this
occasion, that wha^e opposed in this case was
the precedent which this will set. Now, I wish
him, for himself and those who concur with him,
to say, in the presence of the Senate, and before
the tribunal which we are now erecting by the
tributary testimony which we are giving, whether
if an appropriaiion bill should come from the
House of Representatives, next year, with a pro-
vision repealing the fugitive slave law, or the Ne-
braska bill, he would vote for it?
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have taken no
part in this debate; I do not desire to consume the
public time; I have been willing to wait for the
vote; but, sir? after what we have heard, I am not
at liberty to be silent. I must respond to the ad-
monition which came early this day, and came
first from the Senator from Delaware, who has
suggested what might happen next winter from
those who, that Senator says now, are to speak
the sentiments of the people of the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the Senator mean to
say that I first suggested what might happen next
winter?
Mr. MASON. I do.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman is mistaken
altogether. What I said was this: When I this
morning made the motion to strike out these
clauses of this bill, I warned my friends from the
South that, on some future occasion, a proposition
might be made from the other House, connected
with an appropriation bill, to repeal the fugitive
slave law—a measure which I deDrecated as
strongly as the gentleman himself. I mentioned
it by way of argument, to warn my southern
friends of the danger of the precedent they were
about to establish. I never made the suggestion
that the next Congress would do anything of the
sort.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I heard the
warning, and I marked the quarter whence itcame
—from a Senator representing a State the furthest
north and east of any where the institution of
slavery now exists. It was prophetic. I think I
am right in saying that the suggestion first came
from that Senator; I mean first upon this floor,
for we had heard it out of doors before. I am
certainly right in saying that that Senator spoke
of the party in this country who were to make
that attempt as a party now enjoying the public
confidence of the country.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir, the honorable Sen-
ator mistakes me entirely. Now, I wish to put
a question to him in return. Does he mean to
say that I suggested, cr that I desired, or that
" the wish was father to the thought," that such
a measure, so repugnant to all my feelings and all
my opinions of propriety as that, should be intro-
duced by any party in this country r Does the
honorable Senator mean to insinuate in any de-
gree that not only I suggested, but in any way
desired, such a thing as that? Is he not perfectly
conscious that I deprecate and abhor such a move-
ment JS much as he possibly can ?
M/. MASON. Mr. President, I have ascribed
nothing to the Senator. I have spoken of a fact 
the fact that this suggestion came from that
quarter. As to the Senator's views or opinions,
let him answer for himself. But, sir, I shall speak
of that presently.
Now, as to the question immediately before us,
that there exists a great, imminent, urgent, public
necessity for reducing the revenue of the country,
i presume few can doubt. What is our condi-
tion ? For years we have had a Treasury redund-
ant and overflowing, a Treasury filled by taxa-
tion from the people, and no step whatever taken
to dimmish the stream which creates that redund-
ancy. Why, Sir, the Treasury is filled by your
taxes upon the people, and it is perfectly imma-
terial whether they are taxes direct or indirect;
they come at last from the pockets of the people.
What is a tax? A legitimate and fair tax is
nothing but the necessary contribution which the
citizen pays to support the Government. A tax
is spoken of as a public burden, but one which
