THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1855.
New Series No. 67.
a patriotic man must bear in order to sustain and
support the Government which protects him
against other Governments. Our Treasury is so
redundant that we are paying the debt of the coun-
try before it is due, and giving a premium of from
twelve to twenty dollars on a hundred dollars for
permission to do it, yet gentlemen say you must
protect industry, and should not reduce the public
burdens. This country presents an extraordina-
ry phenomenon to the world. With this public
burden upon the people, the taxation from your
revenue laws filling theTreasury to such an extent
that you are, as I have said, and I wish to repeat
it in order to bring it before the people, paying
your debt before it is due, and giving from twelve
to twenty dollars on the one hundred dollarsfor the
privilege of doing it—gentlemen say you are not to
reduce that burden! That is the exact state of
facts.
But, sir, there is another great necessity for
reducing the revenue. As long as the Treasury
is redundant, it is a corrupting fund, and de-
bauches the public morals. It is a hot-bed, which
creates that pseudo-patriotism which brings men
here day by day, to your doors, offering wonder-
ful projects to improve the condition of the public
by their schemes. It is that which gives to your
Collins line hundreds of thousands of dollars out
of your Treasury, in a way which was so severely
rebuked here yesterday, and the day before. No
greater evil, in my opinion, can befall a people
desiring to be free, than to have their Treasury
full to overflowing, and derived from sources
which the people do not feel and do not know;
but yet when there is a proposition to reduce that
burden honorable gentlemen talk of protection.
Now, Mr. President, let us come back to the
issue between the honorable Senator from Del-
aware and myself. I meant to make no impu-
tation upon him whatever. No, sir, I will take
back that word; it is too strong. I will say that I
meant to suggest nothing as to his views on this
subject. I stated, as a fact, according to my rec-
ollection, that the first suggestion on the agitating
subjects which have been introduced into the
debate, came from that honorable gentleman.
What was it? That at the next session of Con-
gress, when in the popular branch of representa-
tion that party would be in power, which, 1 un-
derstood him to say, more than once, represented
the true feeling of the country, they might
" ('oinrnrml the ingredients of our poison'd chalice
To our own lips."
How ? Why, that they might put some of those
obnoxious measures to which allusion has been
made upon an appropriation bill, and thus compel
us either to take those measures or to destroy the
bill. Sir, I heard rumors of that before, out of
doors. 1 meant to ascribe nothing in the world to
the Senator further than this: that I understand
him to be here the exponent of that party. I will
do the honorable Senator the justice to say that if
such a measure—I mean one repealing the fugitive
slave law, or repealing the Nebraska law, or any
law connected with the institution of slavery—
should come from that House to this, either as a
separate measure, or as ingrafted upon an appro-
priation bill, he Will be found with those who are
repelling it. I meant only to say that when the
suggestion came from that quarter, it came from
a Senator who, I have understood, (and if it is
untrue, let him deny it,) ia the exponent of that
new party on this floor, and 1 wanted to call pub-
lic attention to it, coming from that quarter, be-
cause I presume he speaks from authority.
Now, Mr. President, I agree with my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Hunter,] and with others
who entertain the sentiments which hehasavowed
here. It is irregular legislation to place a tariff
bill, or any other incongruous matter, in an
appropriation bill. But what is the experienceof
the country? Why, sir, we have found from
practical experience that, at least, at the short
session of Congress, you can get no measure
through unless you can make that measure avail
itself of the vehicle of an appropriation bill. This
is not the first instance. There is no precedent m
67
this. The precedent has been established before.
It startles honorable gentlemen because it is a great
measure which is placed in this vehicle in order to
get it through; but we have measures comparatively
minor every day made to avail themselves of the
same aid of getting through in legislation. I again
frankly admit that it is irregular, but what are we
to do ?
I have not gone into this tariff scheme as some
honorable gentlemen have done. I do not know
whether it will take a little here, or add a little
there; whether it will elevate this interest, or de-
press the other. I do know that it will reduce the
revenue; I do know that it will deplete the Treas-
ury, or, at least, I know that it is intended for that
purpose, and is expected so to operate. If the fact
be that the popular branch of representation—
where alone these measures can originate—prefer
doing it in this mode, and sending it to us, I should
consider that I was almost suicidal to my coun-
try, entertaining the views I do, if I refused to
adopt it because it comes in a manner not alto-
gether regular. I know it will deplete the Treas-
ury; and I care not whether it adds a little here,
or takes a little there, if it will produce that gen-
eral and great result. I want to bring the Treasury
down, to stop its oveiflow; I want to leave the
money derived from taxation, which is not needed
for theGovernmentof the country, with tho people
from whom it is taken.
I look upon taxation as a public burden, one
which the people must bear, and ought to bear,
fairly and loyally, and which the American peo-
ple always have borne as long as it was necessary,
that they should bear that burden; but, that you
should inflict a burden upon the people with a
view to protection, I agree with my honorable
friend from South Carolina, is an exploded doc-
trine. It has gone by. The age for protection to
any interest, I care not what, has gone with the
doctrine of monopolies and building up classes
and interests. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, in speaking of those agri-
cultural States requiring or asking protection, I
know not which, to include my own and very
honored State, Virginia. Sir, Virginia has now
become a grower of the cereal giains. Her largest
capital is invested in the product of the cereal
grains; and I claim, so long as she confides to me
the honor of representing her, the right of speaking
her opinions on this subject. She wants no pro-
tection. I may confidently, as her representative,
repudiate the idea of protection for her.
Sir, I think the signs of the times show that
the American people, laboring as they once did
under this exploded doctrine of protection, have
risen far superior to it. They want to be let
alone. Legislate for them no further than actual
protection against each other in their private
relations, or against foreign Governments in their
national relations is concerned, and they will
best thrive. Let them alone; let each man seek
out the path to his own happiness and welfare;
do not attempt to guide it or control it by legis-
lation; and then you best subserve the interests of
your people.
Mr. President, in the Constitution of the United
States, it is provided that (t all bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Represent-
atives." They cannot originate in the Senate; we
can do nothing on that subject, but revise that
which is sent to us by the coordinate branch of
the Legislature. The Treasury Department, as a
branch of the Executive, in the documents com-
municated to Congress at the commencement of
this session, recommended a revision of the tariff.
The other House did not go into it in detail.
Why, all gentlemen may determine for them-
selves. They sent it to us here as a concrete
measure in this bill. I dare say it would have
been far better, in order to adjust all the conflict-
ing interests, that they should have sent this meas-
ure in a separate bill; but they have sent to us a
bill to reduce the revenue. The great end to be
attained is to reduce the revenue—to cease to take
from the people money which is not Granted by
the Government. I repeat there is a great public
necessity, imminent, pressing, that this should be
done. If the fact be that, in the mode proposed
in these various classes and schedules, there is
some injustice done, leave to future legislation to
remedy it. I will go with honorable gentlemen -
who have given their attention to the subject;
always keeping in view the great end of reducing
the revenue, to do it in such manner as shall be
least oppressive to the industrial classes of the
country. But, sir, reduce the revenue; that is the
great end to be attained; and when we find a prop-
osition in this bill, incongruous if you will, and
yet having precedent every year, the result of
which will be to reduce the revenue, I say, so far
as I know the disposition of the American people,
certainly of that portion of them whom I repre-
sent, they demand it at our hands.
Sir, I have no desire to go into this subject fur-
ther than may be necessary in anticipation of
what may occur at the time, when the honorable
Senator from Delaware said, if 1 understood him
aright, the prevailing opinion of the people of the
United States will be represented in the popular
branch of Congress next winter. It may be com-
petent to our coordinate branch in legislation to
place upon an appropriation bill a proposition to
repeal the fugitive slave law, orto restore the Mis-
souri line. I again disclaim connecting that honor-
able Senator with any such measure. It is not my
purpose to do it. But, sir, that day may come; it
is threatened; and I tell honorable Senators around
me, when that time shall come, when the popular
branch of this Legislature shall adopt a measure
either to restore the Missouri line, or to repeal the
law for the reclamation of fugitive slaves, I trust,
for the honor of the South, for the dignity and
character of my people, that no objection will be
taken to it because of the form in which it comes.
1 trust it will be considered perfectly immaterial
whether it comes as an independent measure, or
as a clause in an appropriation bill. Sir, if there
is no protection for us but in a mere matter of
form in legislation, we are gone, and deserve to
die, and to die the inglorious and ignoble death of
dependents who have not the power or the spirit
to protect themselves,
ftow, sir, I frankly tell the honorable Senator
from Delaware that, in ordinary legislation, thia
may be irregular in an appropriation bill, but it ia
a great measure for the country to reduce the rev-
enue, to deplete the Treasury; and if injustice be
done to particular industrial classes, we can adjust
that hereafter. But so far as it is a precedent for
any measure that the South may hereafter resist,
I care not a two-pence for it, and 1 know my
people will never inquire whether there was a
precedent or not. If that great party—numeri-
cally great, for I suppose even the honorable
Senator from Delaware would not dignify it by
speaking of its greatness, or allowing me to speak
of it, in any other term than as numerically great—
if that party, or any other, at the next session of
Congress, or at any future session, should pro-
pose to repeal the existing legislation for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves, I put it to that honorable
Senator, will he ask whether it is done according
to rule or not, will he frame any objection to it
merely on account of its being done according to
rule, or not? Sir, it is perfectly immaterial to me
—I admit I speak only for myself, but I also speak
as a representative from the State of Virginia, a
State holding the largest interest of any in the
Union in that species of property—and I say
if that thing is done, and that State should be so
recreant to herself as to tolerate it for one hour, I
should be lost to all sense of self-respect, I should
be humiliated to represent her here after that hour
on this floor. High and honorable as I consider
the trust, I should be humiliated to represent her
here from that hour, if she were to tolerate it.
Mr. President, I shall not go into this subject.
I should not allude to it now but that honorable
gentlemen, and amongst them the Senator from
; New York, have spoken of it as a precedent that
i the South might have occasion possibly
j Mr. SEWARD. I beg the honorable Senator's
I pardon. He is under a misapprehension of what
