1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
he wants protection and bounties in his favor!
No, sit, he wants no favors of you, he desires no
injustice to others, but he will not submit to in-
justice to himself when it is thus grossly practised
against him. He is now receiving war prices for his
grain, and has to pay heavy prices for all he buys,
but the reciprocity treaty has scarcely gone into
operation, and he does now not feel it. When
that treaty shall be in full operation, and the
European war ia ended you will hear from him.
These farmers have stout hearts and strong arms,
sir, and when once roused to a sense of the injus-
tice done them, I think you will have to hear from
them more fully than any feeble effort of mine could
induce you to regard them upon this question.
As to the disclaimer of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bctlek,] that his constituents
want no protection; they have nothing to sell that
requires it. I know that in adjusting the tariff of
1833 Mr. Calhoun insisted on the duty on raw
cotton and obtained it—and at this moment if any
other nation could successfully raise cotton to
compete with ours, South Carolina would be
quite willing to accept it again.
I did not say that the farmers of my State came
here asking protection. I said no such thing.
They will be the last men to ask favors of you,
or anybody else, especially if those favors are to
be granted at the expense of others. Neither the
honorable Senator from South Carolina nor the
Senator from Virginia was justified in drawing
such an inference from anything that 1 said.
What I did say was, that protection was granted
to all others, and denied to the farmers; and that
here was a measure calculated and intended to
strike them down still more by reducing the duty
upon their wool, now thirty per cent, to eight per
cent, ad valorem.
Let me not be misunderstood. I have ever been
of the opinion that the duty on woolen manufac-
tures was far too low to enable those engaged in
them to compete successfully with foreigners. By
the tarif of 1846 you have ruined many of them;
and 1 would rejoice now to increase this protec-
tion, as well as that due to the wool-growers, but
I would not ruin either of these interests to profit
the other.
Sir, 1 know that I have trespassed upon the
patience of the Senate. I am well aware that a
speech at this late hour of the night, (eleven o'clock
F. m.,) from any man, would be unwelcome; and
forbear to go further with the discussion, trust-
ing that it may end here, as I suppose, having
made the motion, I am entitled to the concluding
argument of the question. I am ready for the
vote, and will detain the Senate no longer.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] addressed a ques-
tion to me which 1 heard, being in the Chamber,
although I was then at a considerable distance
from my seat.
Mr. BRODLIEAD, (at twenty-five minutes
after ten o'clock, p. m.) With the consent of the
Senator from New York, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 26; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Chase, Clayton, Cooper, Douglas, Foot, Gillette,
James, Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt,
Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson of New Jersey,
Wade, and Wright—23
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Brainerd, Bright,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Gcyer, Gwin,
Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Rusk,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, Walker, Wel-
ler, Wells, and Wdsotw-26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Senator from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from New York
has been kind enough to yield me the floor, for
which I return him my thanks. I will accept his
kindness for the reason that it is probable the state
of my health will not allow me to remain in the
Senate to-night long enough to vote upon this ques-
tion; and I have a few words to say, so that, if I
shall be absent when the vote is taken, there may
be no misapprehension as to how I would vote
if 1 were present.
I am for a reduction of the tariff to a strict reve-
nue standard. I am a free trade man to the fullest
extent that we can carry it and at the same time
collect revenue enough to defray the expenses of
Government. In other words, I am for no other
kind of a tariff than a revenue tariff; but, sir,
ought we to revise the tariff and change the whole
revenue policy of the Government in the mode
proposed in this bill? What is the history of the
tariff measure which we have now before us ? I
should like to know from the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if it has the sanction of any
committee of either House of Congress? I should
like to know if it has ever been before a com-
mittee of either House, and received its approval
as such? If so, I am not aware of it. Then, has
it the sanction of the Executive branch of the Gov-
ernment? I understand, on the contrary, that the
Secretary of the Treasury reported in favor of a
different bill, and that this measure ignores the
recommendations of the Treasury Department.
Then, sir, we are called upon to revise the tariff,
and change the whole revenue policy of the Gov-
ernment by the adoption of a measure brought
forward by a member of the House of Represent-
atives upon his own responsibility, in opposition
to the wishes of the Treasury Department, in op-
position to the policy of the Executive branch of
the Government entrusted with the execution of
fiscal affairs, without the concurrence of a com-
mittee of either House, and adopted by the House
under the operation of the previous question,
without a word of debate, in violation of the rules
of the House; and it is sent to us, and we are re-
quired to take it without the slightest considera-
tion, and even without a reading, in violation of
the rules of the Senate also.
Sir, I wish to know what is to be the effect of
this measure on the great interests of the country
before I can give it my vote. So far as I have
been able to understand it, instead of being pred-
icated on the revenue principle, it is a thorough,
rigid, protective bill, abandoning the principles of
the tariff of 1846, abandoning the revenue princi-
ple upon which we supposed the country had
planted itself, and, in lieu of it, substituting a pro-
tective principle, with odious and unjust discrim-
inations against great material interests in our own
country.
I am willing to reduce the tariff in accordance
with the principles of the tariff of 1846; I am will-
ing to take that act and provide for a reduction of
twenty per cent, on the schedules contained in it.
But in lieu of that, it is here proposed to transfer
articles from one schedule to another, and to re-
verse the principles of that act, by making discrim-
inations against the great agricultural interests of
the country, and unjust to my own constituents.
Under these circumstances, I cannot be expected
to take it without examination or explanation.
Without having the opportunity of reviewing the
measure in all its details, I may be permitted to
call attentibn to one or two items. While the bill
professes to reduce the duties twenty per cent, on
the schedules of the tariff of 1846, it changes the
schedules so as to protect and foster certain in-
terests, by abandoning or oppressing certain other
interests. It transfers wool from one schedule to
another, and then, by applying the graduation of
twenty per cent., I am informed that it reduces
the duty on wool from thirty to eight per cent.,
which is equivalent to a nominal duty. Why
this departure from the revenuestandard, by shift-
ing the schedules, if the object be, as is alleged,
merely to reduce the duties to the wants of the
Government for revenue purposes. Why should
the interests of the wool grower be depressed by
a reduction from thirty to eight per cent., while
the duty is retained at its maximum on the man-
ufactured article for the protection of the manufac-
turer ? Why not put both interests on an equality,
by reducing each twenty per cent, on the schedule
of 1846?
Besides, this measure transfers all dye-stuffs,
and almost all raw materials from the schedule
in which they were placed in the act of 1846,
and puts them in the free list, or in a schedule
on which the duty is merely nominal. By
transferring those articles from one schedule to
another, you legislate away large amounts, per-
haps millions of revenue, into the hands of the
manufacturers to reconcile them to this project.
I have asked gentlemen from the New England
States, the highest protective tariff men from Mas-
sachusetts, and other States, why they support this
bill, and they tell me they do so because it is the
best protective tariff they have ever had. If this
were a free trade measure, as my two friends from
Virginia seem to argue, how is it that you have
the representatives of Massachusetts unanimously
for it in both Houses of Congress? Has Massa-
chusetts all of a sudden abandoned the old Amer-
ican system? Has she abandoned the protective
policy ? Has she become an advocate for free
trade in the most radical form ? Has she sud-
denly and marvelously made this revolution ? It
must be so, if this be a revenue tariff or a free
trade bill, receiving the unanimous support of the
Massachusetts delegation in both Houses of Con-
gress. Sir, the fact is, that it is changing the
principles of our system from a revenue tariff to
one more or less protective, and we have not the
means of knowing how high the protectivecliarsc-
teris, to what extent it prevails, or what interests
are protected, and what discriminated against by
this measure.
When you call on me as a revenue tariff man,
or as a free trader, to abandon my principles and
turn protectionist, 1 wish to know, first, how far
you are going to carry your protective doctrines;
and second, whether you have discriminated
against my constituents. My State is one of the
largest wool-growing States in the Union. The
Northwest has become, and is to be, the greatest
wool-growing region of America. Those vast
prairies and plains, sloping from the Rocky mount-
ains on the one side, and the Alleghany on the
other, into the valley of the Mississippi, are the
seats from which your wool is to come. With
that great interest in my region of the country
you ask me to vote to strike off the duty on wool,
now thirty per cent., and reduce it to eight per
cent., in order that you may induce the protective
and manufacturing interest in New England to
come forward and take your free trade measure,
as you call it, as a better protective tariff than the
one which was adopted in 1842!
Sir, I should be against this measure at the first
blush, on the ground that it is not a revenue tariff;
that it is not a free trade measure; that it is a re-
turn to what I had hoped was the exploded doctrine
of protection. In the next place, even if" the bill
were right in itself, if its provisions were correct,
I could not consent by my vote to put it on this
appropriation bill, for the reason that such a course
is revolutionary in its character. You have to
override all the rules, all the usages, all the safe-
guards- which time and experience have thrown
around your legislative proceedings, in order to
insert this provision into your civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. If you can put in a provision
for the revision of the tariff, thus remodeling the
whole financial and commercial policy of the coun-
try, what is there which you cannot introduce into
such bills? What reason can you give, after you
have retained the tariff amendment in this appro-
priation bill, for complaining of my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Geyer] when he brings forward
his river and harbor bill, and endeavors to put that,
also, upon this civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill ? What complaint can you make of my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Jones] when he brings forward
his darling, cherished, Iowa railroad bills, and
endeavors to put them in this bill?
Sir, if you begin to break through those safe-
guards which experience and wisdom in all free
Governments and legislative bodies have erected,
you will have opened the gates to the floods which
will flow in and overwhelm your appropriation
bills. What objection can the Senator from Vir-
ginia make to putting the French spoliation bill
upon his appropriation bills, if this example be
set? What reason can he give for not allowing
to be inserted any and every measure which a
majority of this body may choose to put on an
appropriation bill ? Whenever you establish this
precedent, that yourappropriation bills are to be the
common receptacles for all measures which have
failed for want of time, or for any other cause, they
will become an omnium gatherum, in which all the
unfinished business of the two Houses of Congress
will be concentrated, and piled up in one mass,
and rushed through at the last moment, when the
President of the United States has not the time to
read the items of your bills. It is a mode of legis-
lation the inevitable consequence of which will be
to defeat your appropriation bills altogether. I
say, therefore, that I cannot give my sanction to
a course of proceeding so dangerous, so revolu-t
tionary in its character as this, even if 1 were sat-
isfied with the character of the tariff provision
whieh is proposed to be retained in thie bill.
