1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
opportunity to ascertain their case, then I shall
be overruled; then I shall learn, by the consent of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
ance, by the concurrence of the venerable and dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, by the
support of the majority of this House, by the
concurrence of the House of Representatives, and,
when the President shall have signed their ill-
starred bill, by the concurrence and approval of
the President of the United States, that 1 have
been heretofore altogether wrong, and that the true
way to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia is to attach it as a condition to the civil and
diplomatic bill; that the true way to restore free-
dom to the Territories is to attach it to the civil
and diplomatic bill; and that the true way to re-
peal the fugitive slave law is to make the repeal
conditional on the grant of the money with which
the Government is to maintain itself in all its do- |
mestic operations and in all its foreign relations.
I shall have learned, sir, that instruction. How
I shall profit by it, I do not now say. I only say
that when the time comes [ will consider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
eon the amendment moved by the Senator from
Delaware, which is to strike out the five last sec-
tions of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. In the early part of the day 1
agreed to pair off with the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson.] If he were here he would vote
for this motion, and I should vote against it, but
as he is absent 1 shall not vote at all.
The question was taken, and the vote was—
yeas 22, nays 23, but before the vote was an-
nounced Mr. Douglas changed his vote for the
purpose, as he stated, of moving a reconsideration.
The vote was announced—yeas 21, nays 24; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Brainerd, Bright, Brodhcad, Clayton, Cooper, Fool, Geyer,
James, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jersey, Wade, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Butler, Chase, Clay, Dawson,
Douglas, Fnzpairick, Gillette, Gwiti, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Buek, Sebastian, Slidell,
Sumner, Toombs, Toucey, Walker, Weller, Wells, and
Wilson—24.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now submit the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. G WIN. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had reason to suppose that
the motion to strike out would be agreed to, and,
therefore, 1 endeavored to stop debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will do me the justice to acknowledge that I
advised against it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the caBe; but I had
reason to suppose that the motion to strike out
would be agreed to or the question should not have
been taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the amendment moved by the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. PEARCE. Imovethat the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. MASON called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Brainerd, Bright, Brodhead, Clayton, Cooper, Doualas,
Foot,Geyer, Gillette, James, Pearce, Pratt. Seward,Shields,
Smart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and
Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brown, Butler, Chase, Clay,
Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson, Jonea of
Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Rusk, Sebaetian, Slidell, Toombs,
Toucey, Walker, Weller, Wells, arid Wilson—-2-2.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
at twenty minutes after eleven o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 2, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
On motion by Mr. BRIDGES, the reading of
the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
POST KOUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to enable me to report my post route
bill, and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
It is not necessary that the bill should be read.
But I will state to the House that it contains
nothing but lists of post poutes.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and read a first and second time by its title, as
follows, viz:
Bill to establish certain post routes.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have an amendment
which I wish to offer to the bill to establish a post
route. I think there will be no objection to it on
the part of any member of the House. It is an
amendment which,on a former occasion, I offered
to the House, when objection was made to it. it
is no Pacific railroad bill, nor anything of that
kind. I have, to some extent, consulted with
gentlemen who objected to it at that time, and 1
have found, as far as I am informed or advised,
that those who objected then have since become
satisfied of the propriety of the amendment. It
merely provides for a post route from St. Louis to
San Francisco, and makes certain provisions for
postal service on that road. I think there can be
no objection to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this business regular, Mr.
Speaker?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that amendment proposes
to establish mail service on that route, and if the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads will not object to it, I will make a
point of order against it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the amendment is not
in order I do not wish to move it, but I believe it
is in order.
Mr. OLDS. I should like to move the previous
question on the amendment, and stop all discus-
sion.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the amendment be read
first.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not want any dis-
cussion upon it. I move the previous question.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment, as
follows:
That the Postmaster Genera! be, andho is hereby, autho-
rized and directed, after the usual advertisement, to con-
tract with the best bidder in point of time and amount of
compensation, for a daily express mail service from the
city of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri, through the Ter-
ritories of the United States, to San Francisco, m the State
of California, for the term of four years Irom and after the
time of the commencement of the service, which shall not
be more than one year after the proposals are m«de and
accepted: Provided, Parties will piopose and contract to
transport such express mail between the points named
within twenty days during the first year of service, within
eishteen days during the second year of service, and wuhin
Hxtee.n clays thereafter, and for the bum of not more than
$•500,000 per annum ; and in the event of failure to make
any one trip within the time named as aforesaid, an amount
shall be deducted from the gro?s sum payable to said con-
tractors equal to the proportion thereof payable forone trip:
and it is hereby further provided, that the surplus of ex-
penses over and above the amount received for postages by
express na herein provided, shall be a charge upon the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted. That no letter or
package shall bo sent or carried by said cxprea* mail with-
out the same shall be marked by the postmaster in whose
office the same is deposited, w'uh the woids " Overland
express mail," and the signature of the postmasters-hail be
thereto annexed ; and nolcitcror package shall be bent or
carried hv said express mail without prepayment therefor
at the oflice where the same i* mailed, as follows: For
every letter or package of one halt ounce or under, twenty-
five cents; of morowthan one half ounce, and not more
than one ounce, fifty cents; and for each additional half
ounce, twenty five cents; and no one package of more
than eight ounces shall be sent or carried by said express
mail. .And it is hereby further provided, that the paities
accepting or entering into fucIi contract shall not be re-
quired to receive additional mail mailer at more than four
points between the termini afmecairt, to be designatPd by
the Postmaster General; and the points so de-ignated
&hall be on the route selected by the contractors; which
route n hereby declared to be constituted a mail route as
soon as so selected, and the said contractors shall not be
required to wait at any of the said intermediate points for
more than one hour tor such way mail; and for all way
matter the same amount shall be charged as if mailed for
the entire route.
Sec. a. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the parties con-
tracting as aforesaid shall have the right to open a road
upon such route as they may select, and to use ihe same,
and to construct budges, sink wells, and do such other acts
as may be necessary to render such road a good common
road ; and the said parties so contracting are authorized to
expend, hi the construction of necessary bridges and in
the sinking of wells along the route so selected "by them, a
sum of money, fm. and on account of the United Stares,
not to exceed $150 000, for which such parties shall take
and preserve evidence and vouchers satisfaetoiy to the
Postmaster General; and the said parties shall have the
right to enter upon, use, and occupy, any unoccupied and
unappropriated lands of the United States, along tfie said
line through the Territories of the United States which
may be required by them for stations, or other purposes
necessary to the maintenance and use of the said road as a
post road.
Mr. COBB. My people want horse mails, but
I cannot get them, because you sa^here that you
have to pay for them. I therefore object to the
introduction of this amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there is an appropri-
ation in it, it is out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to inquire of the
Speaker whether the amendment I have offered,
providing for this post route, and for service upon
it, is not in order as an amendment to the post
route bill? I do not wish to violate the rules of
order, and I will not offer the amendment if it be
out of order. I can see no good reason why it is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. There is a marked difference
between the amendment and the btll itself. The
bill establishes post routes under the general law
relating to the post office establishment, but the
amendment of the gentleman from California pro-
poses to do more than that. It not only establishes
a post route, but it provides for the "service, and
the manner of carrying the mail, changing the
general law of Congress upon the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the post route bill is under consideration. The
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, which has been read by the Clerk, pro-
poses to establish a mail route from Sr. Louis to
San Francisco. That would bean overland route
through the Territories of the United States, and
does not touch upon any foreign country, and it
seems to me that it would be but just and ri«ht to
establish a post route, like other post routes of
the country, from St. Louis, in Missouri, to San
Francisco, in California, leaving Jt in the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General to advertise and
receive proposals for the service. If, in his dis-
cretion, it would be right and proper to give the
contract for the service to the best bidder, why, of
course, he will do it. I do not see why we should
make a special exception to this route, going, as it
does, through the Territories of the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will explain to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee the reason for making a
special provision in this case. The present postal
service of California is through a foreign country.
In order to get a postal service, which will answer
the necessities of the Pacific coast, it is necessary
to take extraordinary measures 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. I do not think that either of the gentle-
men who are discussing this matter are in order.
The amendment was again read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. This amendmentcontainsno
appropriation of money, and the Chair does not
know how it can be otherwise than in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move the previous
question.
Mr. JOPJKS, of Louisiana. It involves an
expenditure of money.
The SPEAKER. It does involve an expendi-
ture of money, but it does not appropriate money,
lhat is a distinction always drawn under our
rules.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The main question being the adoption of the
amendment,
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays, and
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and McDougall were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported thirty in the affirmative—a sufficient num-
ber—so the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 49, nays 78; as follows;
■ YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Cook, Corwin, De Witt, Bick-
'if''f EarlCy' Florenc<'. Green, An-
f ™J; I!frl<in> "e"dr|cks, Henn, Hushes, Kurtz, Lamb,
m ' McXair, Mace, M-icv, Matte-
son, Maurice, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Olds, Parker Pen-
r«lpS,',rrat!,' R'charrfson, R,'a<lle,koWc, Ri84?l,
v ™mth' and Dan,el B- Wriellt_49. '
vidT 'enSriV A'k«n,James C. Allen, Appleton, Da-
vidJ. Bailey, Barksdtie, Bennett, Boeoek, Bruises, Bris-
rTr'k r"|mp ' £ttrl'enter, Chandler, Oha-e, Ohristimn,
° % M'i,n?man> Cobb, Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, I'hom-
!!nr pi . VJ8""' DoW(iell> Drum, DtiriUar,Eddy, Faillk-
i!.aSIcl;IP"ller>„6"M'ngs.Gnode, Greenwood, Hamil-
Ho,^™ t ? "\SaiI,pson VV' [lOT's  Hibbard, Htester,
Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,George W. Jones, ito-
