1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
land Jones, Kerr, Knox, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, May, Mid-
dle^wnrth, Morgan, Murray, Af drew Oliver, Orr, Bishop
pcrkiUb, Phillips, Preston, Pringle, Ready, Thomas Ritehey,
Rubbi'is, Sabm, Sapp, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skel-
too, George VV. Sro>ih. 11k h ud U. Stanton, Stratton, John
J. Tajrloi. John L Taylor, Thun-toii,Tracy, Trout, Tweed,
Vausant, Israel Washburn, l'appan Wentworlh, and Witie
—76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was tlieri
read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire if
the bill is engrossed?
The SPEAKER.. It is ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. JONES, i was going to suggest, if it
would meet the views of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, (Mr. McDougall,] that we put into the
bili an ordinary route trom St. Louis to San Fran-
cisco, and let it stand upon the same footing as the
other routes in the bill.
Mr. BENTON. There is already such a route
in the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But they are of no avail.
The bill being engrossed, it was subsequently
read the third time, and passed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committeeon Enrolled
Bills, here leported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following tales; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;
An act for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late the
w.fe of John Blue;
An act for the relief of Amos Koapp;
An act for the relief of George W.Torrence;
An act for the relief of Peter Amey, (colored
man;)
An act for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine Mc-
Clfilan;
An act to amend " An act to carry into effect a
treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, " signed on the 5th June, 1854, and approved
August 5,1854;
An act tor the relief of William G. Howison;
An act for the relief of Charles H. Pointer;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
An act for the relief of Sarah Morris,only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
An act for the relief of William G. Preston,
late a captain in the war of the United States with
Mexico;
An act authorizing the corporate authorities of
Georgetown to impose additional taxes, and for
other purposes;
An act for the relief of the children and grand-
children of Thomas Morris; and
An act for the relief of Amos E. Cook.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of the report of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
Army appropriation bill, and no other business is
in order unless it be a question of order or privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the Chair
aliov, roe to ask the consent of the House to a
proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
whdt it is.
Mr. WASHBURN. I have a little matter, and
I beg the indulgence of the blouse to take it up
and dispose of it* which can be done in a minute.
It is a resolution of the Senate, which was drawn
up by the First Comptroller, Mr. Whittlesey.
The resolution proposes to authorize the. Comp-
troller to pay a small sum of money to the Secre-
tary of the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. HOWE. I object. .
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the Chair allow
{tie to make an appeal to the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear what
the £emi-nrmn proposes.
Mr. DAVIS. It is this: that by unanimous
^onsent the House spend one hour, this morning,
in the call of the States, as we did yesterday,
commencing where we left off on yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON and others called for the regu-
lar order of business
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was going to sug-
gest 
The SPEAKER- The regular order of busi-
ness is insisted on by a d'o"zen mfenibers, and it is
not in order for members to be making proposi-
tions while other matters are pending. If ihey
do, propositions multiply so that it is impossible
to keep pace of them. The gentleman from In-
diana asks, that when this bill, upon which the
previous question has been ordered by the House,
is disposed of, the States shall be called, as on
yesterday morning, with the understanding that if
objection is made at any time during the progress
of the bill 
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Order! The Chair would
like to make a statement without interruption.
Mr. COBB. I wanted to state to the Chair 
The SPEAKER. Well, the Chair must insist
upon not being interrupted, unless the gentleman
is determined to interrupt him. The Chair does
not know whether it is the purpose of the gentle-
man from Alabama to interrupt the Chair or not.
Mr. COBB. It is not my purpose to interrupt
the Chair, but to discharge my duty fearlessly and
faithfully.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will allow
the gentleman to state his proposition.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I merely want to ob-
ject to the proposition of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Da.vis ] I hope the Chair will not con-
sider me disrespectful.
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. COBB. It is not my intention to be so.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged question.
I wish to inquire of the Chair whether it is in order
to move to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is ordered upon the Army appropriation
bill, and the consideration of that bill is first in
order.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments to the Army appropriation bill, as
reported to the House from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union yesterday, com-
mencing where the House left off last evening.
The thirteenth was reported, as follows:
Se«*. 2. d be it further enacted, That the board of offi-
cers appointed under the sixth section of the act making
appropriations (or the support of the Army for the year end-
in* June 30, 1853, approved August 31, i«V2, is hereby au-
thorized and dnected, in addition to the powers andduties
already conferred upon it, to extend its examinations to
claim-: arising from the destruction of property by the troops
s-ervmg under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John iL \
■ Fieuiont, in California, in the years 184G and lb-17, hy his i
j orders, as well as for the destruction ol property by the .
1 enemv, caused by the occupancy of the claimants' preni- j
j ise^ by the said United States troops; that the said board is :
I empowered to summon and examine witness under oath,
and take testtmony m California (it fieet't^arv) and else-
] whe.e ; that lor the payment of th" claims reported lavor-
| ablv upon by the board m its report to the Secretary of
I War, dated 5th December, 1854, Executive document 8,
j Tbiriy-Thud Conjees?, second session, including that nuni- ,
I bered 197, being the claim of Santiago E. Arsuiiio, and j
! amounting to $11,5:4, and for the compensation of the
i members of said hoard, for and during their period of per- :
j rice assuch, ataiatenorexee.eding$3.0J0perannumeaeh, ,
| dcductingtheiofrom their Armv pay, the sum of $40,548 be, ;
i and the same is hereby, appropuattd out of any money in ;
1 the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : and the Secre-
tary of me TreaiUiy is hereby authonzed and directed to !
pay to the treasurer of said hoard, out of any money in the |
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $'0,000
for the contingent expenses of the said board, including;
therein office rent and clerk hue, stationery, fuel, the ;
payment of the witnesses' fees duly summoned b\ the ]
board, at a rat'"1 not exceeding tho?o paid by the United
State?, district courts in California or eNewhere, as the case
may be, the traveling expenses of said board, not exceeding
sixteen cents per mile to each member, and other incidental
expenses.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand theyeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. The amend-
ment is not understood m this part of the Hall, and
I ask that it be ogam read.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the amendment be again read ?
The question was taken; and the Housedecided
that the amendment should be again read.
The Clerk then read the amendment.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, the first I heard
, of that case was when I heard it last night. 1
I passed it through my mind whether I had ever
' heard of any cases that would come under that
i description. All my feelings last night were
| against it.
i] "The SPEAKER. The previous question having
{ been ordered to be put, debate is not in order.
Mr. BENTON. I will not make debate, but a
brief statement. I know that Colonel Fremont
protected property,and that he did not destroy it;
and I know that he conscientiously gave certificates
wherever there wasanyju&t claims, and, on the
contrary, refused certificates where theie were not
just claims. That is the way the thing stands.
The question was taken on the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Senate; and it was non-concurred in
—yeas 62, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Ashe, Barksdale, Bell,
Bocock, Breckinndee, Bnstow, Caruthers, Clark, Cook,
Curtis, De Witt, Dickinson. Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Ed-
mands, Edmundson. John M. Elliott, English, Florence,
Fuller, Green, Greenwood, Harrison, Hastings, Roland
Jones, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Mncdonnld, McDougall,
McNair,Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, Preston, Reese, Riddle,
Rogers, Sage, Seward, Shower, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Hesror L. Stevens, Straub,
David Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Twwed,
Upham, Vansant, Elhhu B. Wa -hburne, Wells, John
Wentworth, Westhrook, Wute, Daniel B. Wright, and
Ilendrtck B. Wright—6^.
.NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willi* Allen,
Appleton, David J- Bailey, Ball, Banks, Bclcher, Benson,
Benton, Boyee, Bridges, Campbell, Carpenter, Caskle,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Cha«e, Chrisman, Olingman,
Cobb, Corwin, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cutting, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Far-
lev, Flagler, Giddmgs.Goode, Grey, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Andiew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, llibbard, Hiester, Hill, Hou-ton, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T. Join s, George W. Jones, Keiu,
Knox. Kurtz, Letcher, Lewis, Mace, Maurice, May, Mid-
dlesv'artb, Smith Miller, Morgan. Mm ray, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer. Parker, Peckham, Pennington. Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Piinglc, Ready, David Ritchie,
Thomas Rjtche*, Robbms, Rowe, Russell, csabin, Sapp,
Seymour, Shaw, Simmons, Skelton, George W. Smyth,
Richard !I. Stanton, Stratton, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Wade, Waliey, Tappait Went-
worth, Wheeler, and Zolhcoffet —J01.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred in;
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The fifteenth amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$30,000 be, and ihe same is hereby, appropriated, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the War Department m the
purchase and importation of camels and dromedaries to be
employed tor military purposes.
Mr. MACE. I demand the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred ir.—yeas 66, nays 90; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messrs. Apnleton, Barksdale, Bell, Benton,
Breckinridce, Chamberlain, Clark, Clingman, Corwin,
Crocker, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, De Witt, Drum,
Dunham, Ecigerton, Edmands, Edmundson. Far'ey, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Gamble, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hill,
IJowe, Hunt, Roland Jonc.?, Kent, Kerr, Latham, Lilly,
Lindley? Lyon, McDougall, Macy, Matteson, Maurice,
Mav, Parker, Pennington, Riddle, Sabm, Sage, Seward,
Seymour, Singleton, Skelton, F.e«lenck P. S'anton. David
Stuart, John J ."Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tav lor, Teller. Upham,
Vansant, Wade,"Wells, Wtsibrook, Wute, Daniel B.
Wright, and ZolIicoJTer—G6.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Atken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, David J. B ilry, Ball, Befciicr, Bennett,
Benson, Bocock, Boyee, Brook-, Campbell. Carpenter,
Chase, Chrisman, Cubb, Cox, Craige, CtiUom. Thomas
Daviii, Dawson, Dickinson, Dowdell, Tunbar, Eastman,
Thomas D. Ehot, John M. Ell'ott, Ethersdge, Flagler,
Fuller, Giddtngs, Goode, Grey, Hamilton, Anion Harlan,
AndtcwJ. Harlan, lIarii<on, Ifenn. Hiesfr, Hughes. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones George W. Jones, Knox, Lane,
Leichei, Lewis, McMulhn, MeNair. Mace, Mtddleswarlh,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Peckham. Bishop Perkins, Phelps. Pratt,
Preston, Pimsic. Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritelvy, Robhms, Unwell, Sapp, Shower, Simmons. Wil-
liam Smi'h, George W. Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, Hector
L. Stevens, Stratton, John L. Tavlor, Thurston, Tracy,
Trout, Wallfv, Wa'=h, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne, Isiael Wash-
burn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and
Hendrick B Wngbt—90.
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec 5. Jind be tf further enacted, That the provisions of
the first section of the act en tilled *' An act making appropri-
ations for me support of the Army for the yp,ir_« oding the
30th of June, J8ot," approved September p8, 1850, granting
extra pay to the officer-* and enlisted men oft he Army serving
m Oregon and California, be extended to the officers and men
; composing the garrison of the po*t of Fort Laramie, on the
I Oregon rnute, tor the same period of time as was allowed
! by the si \th section of the act ot 3d March, 1853, to the om-
1 cer.3 and men of the two companies of regunent of mounted
| riflemen that garrisoned Fort Larunve; and that the pro-
visions of the same section of the same act be aisoexn-ndea
1 to the oftiecrs and men composing the escort of Mexican
j boundary commission while ihey were serving a* sucli
OSCOlt.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
