1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
for. It costs these professors as much to live there
as it does the other professors, and yet there is a
discrimination made between their salaries.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 do not know who the pro-
fessor of French and Spanish is at West Point,
but 1 know the professor of drawing, Mr. Weir,
who painted the Embarkation of the Pilgrims from
Delft Haven, in the rotunda, to be one of the most
eminent artists of the country. The amendment
now before the committee simply proposes an
increase of salaries of the professors of French
and Spanish, and drawing, equal to the salary
now received by the other professors there. The
compensation now allowed them is found to be
inadequate, and a professor of the first genius in
the country, on this account, is now hesitating
whether he will resign his place or not. I hope
that the committee will grant the increase of sal-
ary asked, and concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. KERR. I simply desire to make a single
remark. 1 understand that the question is upon
increasing the salaries of the professors whose
salaries were not increased at the time the increase
took place with regard to others. The neglect of
these two gentlemen, the professor of French and
Spanish, and the professor of drawing, when the
increase was made in the case of the other pro-
fessors, made an invidious distinction, justified
neither by a sense of justice or a proper legard
for national economy. I can see no reason in the
world why the professor of French and Spanish,
or the professor of drawing, equal as they are to
their associate professors, should not receive pre-
cisely the same amount of annual compensation
that the other professors do.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have only a few words to
say about this matter. I care nothing about the
amendment, one way or the other. The Secretary
of War declines to recommend any increase of
salary in these cases. As regards the increase of
salary in these cases, the argument has always
been presented, when we have raised salaries gen-
erally, that the duties of these professors were not
of an arduous character.
Mr. HUNT. Their knowledge of the lan-
guages must be very thorough, and my apprecia-
tion of that knowledge is far different from thatof
the gentleman from Alabama or the Secretary of
War. 9
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Without meaning
to go into anything hke an elaborate discussion,
and in perfect ignorance of these gentlemen—ex-
cept, perhaps, 1 might have had an introduction
to one of them—I would join issue as to the state-
ment that a teacher of languages occupies as im-
portant and responsible position as a teacher of
mathematics, f deny the truth of the statement,
but, on the contrary, I say that, while the duties
of the military professors of the Academy at West.
Point are constant and onerous, those of the t ?acber
of modern languages are comparatively dight,
because, after giving his lessons, he finds time to
prosecute ins own pursuits out of the Academy.
We all know, those of us who have ever taken
lessons in French, or who have had children take
them, that they are generally very brief, and con-
sume but little time, as compared with the time
and attention necessary to a knowledge of mathe-
matics. Does it follow as a necessary consequence,
because we have increased the salaries of some of
these professors who have spent their lives in the
laborious cultivation of science, that we should
do so in the case of these other professors whose
duties are not so arduous or difficult.
One word more. We should be careful to avoid
pampering these establishments too much. There
;s a growing sentiment in the country against
these exclusive establishments. I think, under
proper regulations, that they are necessary; and I
cm willing to sustain them, but 1 am only willing
to increase the salaries of officers m these estab-
lishments where it is absolutely necessary to se-
cure the services of competent men, and where
such services can only be had without an increase
of salaries.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The present sala-
ries of professors at West Point, if 1 mistake
not, are now as high as was recommended by
the-Departments. When the Department rec-
ommended an increase of the salary of the other
professors to £2,000, n. s&hry of $1,500 was all
Uiat they recommended for the professors of
French and Spanish, and drawing. It was then
thought, not only by the Department, but also by
the House, that $1,500 was ample compensation
for the services required of them. It was thought
by many that this salary was above what should
really be paid, and that we could get as competent
and faithful men for the discharge of the duties of
these professorships as any in the nation. I think
that the Government should pay its officers, of
every grade and class, such compensation as
would command the services of competent, worthy,
and faithful men.
Air. PRESTON". I would ask my friend from
Tennessee how much diJTerence there is between
the salary of Mr. Weir, the professorof drawing,
and that of the other professors?
Mr. JONES. The salary of the professor of
drawing and of the professors of French and
Spanish is $1,500, while that of the other profes-
sors is $2,000.
Mr. PRLSTON". As I understand the amend-
ment, the salary of Mr. Weir, as professor of
drawing, would be increased to $2,000.
Mr. JONES. We can getas competentmen in
the United States at the salary of $1,500. It is
all that is recommended by the Department.
Mr. PECK £1 AM. I would inform the gentle-
man from Tennessee that the former professor of
French and Spanish at West Point, Professor
Molmard, left the institution upon theground that
the salary was not sufficient.
Mr. JONES. 1 would ask the gentleman if
there is a professor in any of the literary institu-
tions of the country of the same grade that is paid
as much as we are paying these professors at
West Point? Whenever you go beyond the
amount sufficient to command the services of com-
petent men, you are giving gratuities and special
favois to individuals.
Mr. ASHE. It is very seldom that I take part
in discussions in this House, but I wish to say a
very few words upon this subject. I am of the
opinion that the professors of drawing and the
French and Spanish ought to bepaid the same
salary as the other professors. The gentleman
from Tennessee says that we can secure the ser-
vices of as good professors by giving the salaries
that we do at present; but the gentleman must
bear in mind that professors at other places may
perform duties outside of the institution in which
th&y may have a place, and may give separate
lessons from which they will derive advantage.
At West Point their duties are confined to the
institution itself, and they are allowed no such
privileges. For that reason, and for the purpose
of securing professors of ability, I shall support
the amendment of the Senate; and I wish to say
this, in reply to (he gentleman from Virginia, that
1 think a knowledge of modern languages is as
| necessary for the "pupils at West Point as a
knnwledgeof mathematics.
Mr. WENT WORT tl, of Massachusetts. I
believe the committee understand this matter, and
are now ready to vote upon it, 6nd 1 hope it. will
be done immediately.
The question wos then taken; and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the last amendment
to the Military Academy bill, and I move that it be
latd aside, and that the committee proceed to the
consideration of theSenateamendments to House
bill (No. 594) mak mg appropimuoris for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 3'J, 1850
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
[Here the committee informally rose, in order
that a message might he received from the Senate, j
by Asbort Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, noti- j
fying the House that that body insisted on Us '
amendments to the Army bill, and asked for a
committee of conference; and that it had appointed
Messrs. teirieltjs, Toombs, and Weller, man-
agers on its part. The committee resumed its !
session.] \
POST OFFICE APPRQPRtATroN BILL. ;
The committee accordingly proceeded to the |
consideration of the Senate amendments to the 1
Post Office appropriation bill. j
First amendment; !
Pop-S, line one, strike out <'20."ainl insert in lieu there-
oftc to ;" .<■<> as to make the claiKp read :
For tian-portauon of 1I10 mails $5,981,938.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment
proposes
to add to the sum appropriated in the bill, $ GO,000,
the necessity of which arises from the fact that the
expenses of the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment in Kansas and Nebraska were not provided
for tn the original bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
Second amendment:
Aftfrr line eleven, insert—
Tor the transportation of the United States mail over the
Michigan (•< ntral railroad, five hundred and eighteen miles,
from the 9ih of June, 1S49, to the 28ih November of the
same year, $5,177 60.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment. The services now claimed for, is for
transportation over the gradual extension of the
road beyond that provided for in the contract,
made during the administration of the Post Office
Department under Mr. Hubbard.
The letters from Mr. Hubbard and from the
present Assistant Postmaster General will explain
the claim.
The letters are as follows:
Post Office Department, February 22, 1853.
Sir : The Michigan Central Railroad Company present
the annexed bills for mail service, and m explanation of the
account tin.'following statement is pubmitted :
It appear? thai on the 1st October, 1846, the company
took possession of the road, it having previously bo'onjred
to Uie, mate oj Michssan, and at that time only completed
to Paw Paw On theQ3J of Ap'il, 1849., tbe road was com-
pleted by tlif company to New Buffalo. During the p^iiod
of the year 1649, Mentioned in the annexed bills, the com-
p my periornu d the seivice alluded t> in addition to the
regular service, and now clatm pay of the Department on
the following grounds t " That they are justly entitled to it,
ilio Department b'ing fully aware thai the company were
performing the service, and that no contract rxisted under
win h the piyniema c*uld be made; that the Department
never notifif d the company that, if ihey continued to per-
forin the *ervicej they could not expect to receive paj mcnt;
that the Department continued to send the mails both by
the Sunday train and the additional daily train; ihut ihe
facilities ..IFoided by the extension of the road to New Buf-
falo enabled the Department to form a connection wnh a
line of steamboats running between New Buffalo and Chi-
cago, thus expc ditiKg the Great Western mails manv hours
in advance of hcretolore existing schedule?; that the Com-
pany continued to run an additional dailv train nnd a Sunday
train up to the clo-^e of navigation, 1849, viz : November 28th;
that in April, 1850,the Department andthe companv farted
upon a contract, and the rate of payment stipulated in the
contract was the B.urie as that a kcd by t'>e company lor
the service previous lo the existence of the contract, and aa
noticed in the annexed bills, and the points between which
the service was to be performed remaining the same, viz:
from Detroit to New Bufidfo."
Th>* completion of the road to New BufiMo gave to it
addiiiop.il importance, and without doubt \va«? of great con-
venience both to the Department and the pubhe. Not con-
ceiving that power is vested in me to pav for the service,
but as the principle upon which tins claim is based has
been acknowledged by my predecessor, m tht* case of the
Michigan Southern railroad, I refer this to Congress for
its decision as he did in that cate.
Ynuri lesppctfully,
S. D. HUBBARD, Postmaster Geneial.
Hon. I . J. Rusk, Chnirmnn of the Committee on the Post
Oflice arni I'oit Roads, Umicd Stale* Senate.
Post Office Department, )
Contract Office, March 1, 18*>5. \
Sir: The claim of the Michigan Central railroad appears
to^he for extending ihe mail -service west of New Buffalo.
They ha\o received p.iy for service between Detroit msd
New nmVdlo since July 1, 18f>0 13ut in October, 3831, they
applied lor pay beyond the hnter point, to lake effect ftotn
October 10, 1850, and ihe decision of the Department ihen
vva>' that ihe claim could not be allowed, because the ex-
tended service had not been formally ordered.
I have the honor tu be, &e., &c.,
WILLIAM II. DCNDAS,
Seco7\d JJssistant Postmaster Gerercl.
Hon. G. S. Houston, House of Representatives.
The question was then put; and the amendment
concurred i-n.
Third amendment:
At the f-nd of the bill insert the followinz i
For compensation to William M. I". Mn*raw for car-
rying ihe mail on route No. 6011, from Independence,
Missouri, to Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, monthly
each way, according to the contract under which said «fr-
vice is n«.w l)(.,ng pofornud thu^um of $36,000 per annum
commencing with ihe contract aforesaid, and m heu of the
compensation ther*in s!)pu'.,fed.
Mr. HOUSTOJN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment, with an amendment. The amendment they
propose is, to strike out the words {< contract
aforesaid," and to insertinlieu thereof " 18th day
of August, 1854, and to be continued one ynir."
1 he amendmentof the Senate proposes to d; te * he
commencementof this compensation from thed.tte
oi the contract. The amendment recommended
