1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
tion, directed to the chairman of the Post Office
Committee of this House.
Mr. SEWARD Then it is not official.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a copy of the com-
munication, and I desire the committee to hear it
read.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is to come out of the gentleman's
time?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I have another question of
order. If that letter is to be part of the gentle-
man's speech, it does not relate to the subject-
matter under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
it is in oider as a part of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, because the amendment
has not yet been adopted.
Mr. SEW ARD. But must not the gentleman's
speech confoim to the character of the amend-
ment? And if so, is this letter in order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to annoy the
committee with the communication. If the gen-
tleman from Georgia does not desire information on
the subject, I do not care about it. I have read
the communication myself, and unless the com-
mittee desire to have it read, I do not.
The communication was read,as follows:
Post Office Department, March 1, 1855.
Sir: In answer to your call for information in relation
to route 1-290;), Santa F4 to San Antonio, I have the honor
to state tluit the route was let on the 22d of April last, alter
due advertisement tor proposals, to David Wasson, at
$16,760 per annum lor two horse coach service, contract
to run from 1st July, J854, to July 1,1858; and service to be
monthly each way, and trips in twenty-five days.
The folio wins? were the other bids sent in, viz:
Duvid Wasson—
$19,000 per annum, four-horse coaches.
30,000 per annum, two-horse coaches, twice a month.
34.000 per annum, four-hor&e coaches, twice a month.
19,000 per annum, two-horse coaches, trips in twenty
days.
22,000 per annum, four-horse coaches, trips in twenty
days.
36,100 per annum, two-horse coaches, trips twice a
month, tripsin twenty days.
40,000 per annum, lour-horse coaches, twice a month,
trips in twenty days.
Jacob Hall—
$-25,<'00 per annum, with certainty, celerity, and security.
45,000 per annum, with certainty, celerity,and security,
twice amonth.
30 000 pei annum, trips m twenty days.
50,000 per annum, trips twice a month, through in twen-
ty davs.
William F. Magraw and John E. Reeside—
$22,500 per annum, in stages, with guards.
33^750 per annum, in stages, with guards, twice a month.
29,400 per annum, once a month, twenty days for trip.
44,000 per annum, twice a month, twenty days for trip.
Instructions were given to the po&tmaster of Santa F6,
accompanying the nonce to him of the letting and schedule,
to engage temporary mail service on the route if the ac-
cepted bidder s-houldfail to appear; hut that such service
was not to be engaged cxcept in ease of absolute and un-
questionable failure on the pait of such individual. He
was turiher directed to have no interest, direct or indirect,
in &uch temporary engagement, as well as to make it upon
the best terms tor the Department that could be obtained,
and in no event at an extravagant cost.
It appears from the reports, that Mr. Wasson did not
appear at either end of the route on the 1st of July, and
that the postmaster of Santa Fe engaged, m consequence,
Messrs. Houghton and Brevort from that date, (the actual
performance being by Henry Skillman, the old contractor,)
at $28 0l 0 per annum, the rate of pay made Mr. Skillman
under the contract ending 30th June, 1854, for four-horse
coach transportation.
Wasson commenced service on the 1st of August, 1854,
at the lower end of the road, (San Antonio,) but did not
apply at the Santa F6 end for the mail till about the 1st of
Uciober.
The Department has paid Brevort & Houghton $4,195 11,
for the July and August service, viz: at the rate ot H.
Skilhnan's after time proposition (dated August 9, 1854)
of $24,900 per annum.
Mr. VVasson and his agent, Mr. G. H, Giddmgs, have
been paid down to 1st of January, 1855, as far as reports
of postmasters extend, at the rate of his accepted bid of
$16,500 per annum, after deduction of the $4,195 11 paid
Brevort & Houghton (or the July and August service.
It is to be remarked, further, that the postmaster of Santa
Fe, in the letier of instructions alluded to, was directed to
see that the carriers were dulv sworn, and not to deliver the
mail to any person as carrier not sworn as such ; also, that
he has continued from the 1st of October la^t to the latest
date of which we have reports from the route, to withhold
the mail from Mr. Wasson's carriers, on the ground that
they had not been sworn. Further, he continued to give
the mail to Skillman as carrier of Brevort & Houghton,
down to December last; so that Wasson's carriers did not
perforin any of the down trips during the first six months of
the contract term. I directed, however, that Mr. Wasson,
whose interest as assignee,or proposed transferee, Mr. bid-
dings seems to represent, (although no transfer to the latter
has yet been authorized by this Department,) should be
settled with, after charging him with the damages specified,'
by the payment to Skillman. growing out of his failure to
appear m July and August at Santa F6. because he made
application for the mail  n the 1st of October at each end
of the road, and because if his (Mr. Wasson's) carriers were
not sworn, as represented, it was his (the postmaster's) duty
to have caused them to be sworn, and give them the mail
thereupon.
It seems to me that the Department has dealt with indul-
gence towards Mr. Wasson, considering that the original
difficulty in the case grew out of his failure to comply with
his contract obligations.
1 have to add that Brevort & Houghton are claiming for
the full six months specified, at the rate of $28,000 a year;
further, that of the pay made to the Wasson interest he
drew $1,500 inperson,and Mr. Giddmgs the residue.
Very respectlully, your obedient servant.
JAMES CAMPBELL, Postmaster General.
Mr. EDGERTON. I understand, from the
reading of the communication from the Postmas-
ter General, that this Mr. Giddings was not a
contractor upon this mail route; that some special
arrangement had been made by which he was to
receive some $33,500 for carrying the mail fiom
San Antonio, in Texas, to Santa Fe, in New
Mexico. The bid accepted by the Postmaster
General was the bid of Mr. Wasson, who pro-
posed to carry the mail for $19,000. Captain
HenrySkillmanhaving previously carried the mail
on the same route for some $88,000. Mr. Was-
i son was the bidder accepted by the Postmaster
General for $19,000, for a contract which had
been performed by Captain Skillman for $28,000.
I think, during the whole time of the service of
Captain Skillman, there never was any failure in
the transportation of the mail upon this route; and
I believe it to be a fact that Captain Skillman was
ready and willing to perform the service again for
his original bid. The allegation now is, that Mr.
Wasson did not appear, aCthe time stipulated in
the contract, to take the mail from San Antonio to
Santa Fe, or his carriers did not, and, for some
reason, the postmasters at these places on the
route refused to deliver the mail to them, and an i
agreement or contract was made with another
party to carry the mail for an additional compen-
sation. In what manner this Mr. George H. Gid-
dings appears now a contractor 1 do not know,
for there is no evidence upon this point. Some
special agreement has been made by which he, as
contractor, claims the sum of $32,000 for carrying
the mail, which the Postmaster General let for
$19,000, and which Captain Skillman was ready to
carry for $28,000.
I state, m the first place, that I am opposed to
this whole principle of giving extra compensation
for services of this character. If it be worth
$28,000 or $30,000 to carry the mail from San j
Antonio to Santa Fe, let the Postmaster General, j
as it is his duty to do in case of a failure of con-
tract, instead of making these contracts with favor-
ites, advertise for bids.
Mr. McNAIR. It now requires sixteen mules
to carry the mail upon that route, where it only
required five before, on account of the depreda-
tions of the Indians. This very contractor, Gid-
dings, with his men, fought seventy-five Indians,
and beat them off, having nine of his mules killed
and three of his men wounded; and had it not
been for the Sharp rifle picking off the Indians
two hundred and fifty yards distant they would
have all been killed. Giddings now comes and asks
increased compensation because it takes three times
as many mules to carry the mail as it did before.
Mr. EDGERTON. I do not care whether it
takes six or sixteen mules to carry the mail or
not. These contractors agreed to carry the mail
for a certain sum of money, but they failed to do
it, and it was the duty of the Postmaster General
to advertise for proposals for the service, and to
let the contract to the lowest bidder. That is the
right way to do it. Again, the whoieof this prop-
osition is, that Indian hostilities have made it
necessary that a greater number of guards should
be furnished this mail contractor, and consequently
make this appropriation here, in the Post Office
bill, under the name of a mail contract, to prevent
Indian hostilities in the Indian country. If that
be the proposition, make it clearly and distinctly;
but do not, m the name of Post Office appropria-
tion, make a contract for suppressing Indian hos-
tilities.
Mr. GROW. As I understand the facts, Mr.
Giddings was the assignee of Wasson. The gen-
tleman from Ohio seems to think that this special
contract with Giddings was an arrangement of the
Postmaster General. The original contractor had
failed to perform the contract, as I understand it,
and Mr. Giddings was made the assignee of this
contract, and, therefore, presents a legal claim.
Mr. EDGERTON. If Mr. Giddings was the
assignee of Wasson, how is he to receive $33,000,
when Wasson was to receive but $19,000?
Mr. BELL. There was a transfer and assign-
ment of the contract with the consent of the De-
partment.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman from Texas
says that a transfer and assignment of the con-
tract had been made by Mr. Wasson to Mr. Gid-
dings, with the consent of the Department. I
undertake to say that Captain Stillman would
have performed that service for $28,000.
Mr. BELL. I do not desire to interrupt the
gentleman, but I wish to say that Captain Still-
man, with all his bravery and determination as a
pioneer, was unwilling to undertake the service for
$28,000 again. He said that if he had reached
here in time, his bid would have been for a larger
sum.
Mr. EDGERTON. What I said in relation to
Captain Stillman was information I obtained from
the Post Office Department myself. Captain Still-
man's bid was not accepted, because it was not
made in time; but, I will venture to say, if this
contract was advertised by the Postmaster Gen-
eral to be let to the lowest bidder, that responsible
parties would come in here and take it for a much
less sum than the sum now proposed to be given.
I think it is an innovation in the contract system
of the Post Office Department, where, by special
favor, individuals get special contracts for a less
sum than they can carry the mails, that they
should then come here and ask for special allow-
ances. It is because I am opposed to this whole
principle that I am against the proposition now
under consideration.
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing the five-minute debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would propose,
sir, that the committee, by unanimous consent,
close the general debate, aod allow discussion to
go on under the five-minute rule.
Mr. SEWARD. No, no.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to passing the gen-
eral appropriation bills until some other business
before the House is disposed of.
Mr. HENN. If unanimous consent can be
given to close the general debate, I will withdraw
my motion; but if not, I insist upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object'.
Mr. JONES. I understand the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. There being, then, no
objection to closing 
Mr. ENGLISH. I object.
Mr. WALSH. I objected, and do not with-
draw anything.
Mr. HENN. Then I insist upon my motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman, however, that the gentleman from
New York upon the right of the Chair objected,
as also one or two others.
Mr. WALSH. And when I object, I never
withdraw.
The question was then put upon Mr. Henn's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the Senate amendments to
House bill No. 594, and the post office appropri-
ation bill, and had come to no resolution thereon;
also, that the committee had had under consider-
ation the Senate amendments to the Military
Academy bill, and had instructed him to report
the same back to the House, with a recommend-
ation to concur in some of the Senate amendments,
to disagree to others, and to concur in others with
amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOUSTON was recognized by the Speaker.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the usual resolution
to close debate upon the Post Office appropriation
bill in five minutes after the committee shall again
resume its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist upon my right to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
is not in order.
