1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from that decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
addressed the Chair, but the Chair recognized ihe
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston,] The
gentleman from Georgia insists that he has the right
to the floor, declaring that he took the floor first,
and has a right to address the Chair first. The
Chair decides that he is not entitled to the floor,
not having been recognized by the Chair. From
that decision the gentleman from Georgia appeals.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?"
[Cries of "Question!" "Question!"]
The question was put; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House agree
to the report of the Committee oftheWholeon the
state of the Union, and upon that I demand the
previous question.
ROBERT C. SCHENCIC.
Mr. PP^ESTON. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw that for a moment, until I
can make a report from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs in behalf of the chairman of that commit-
tee, [Mr. Bayly,] who is confined to his room by
sickness—my only object being to have it laid upon
the table, ana printed.
Mr. WITTE. I object unless I can know what
it is.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
report will be returned to thegentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. WITTE. I only objected until I could
hear what the report was about.
Mr. PRESTON. It 10 for extra compensation
to Robert C. Schenck, former Minister to Brazil,
for diplomatic services with the Argentine Confed-
eration.
Mr WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The main question being on agreeing with the
report of fhe Committee of the Whole—
The SPEAKER, lsit the pleasure of the House
to takea vote upon the Senate amendments to the
Military Academy bill in mass?
Mr. Seward, i object.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The amendments to the Military Academy bill
were then severally read, and acted on, and in each
case the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. The Army appropriation bill
has been returned to us fiom the Senate. I desire
to take it from the table, and submit a motion that
the House insist upon its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, and ask a committee of
coherence.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
order will be made.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and we must
have a regular vote upon it.
The question was put upon Mr. Phelps's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Phelps, of Missouri, Faulkner, of Virginia, and
Taylor, of Ohio, as the managers of the confer-
ence on the part of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
But before that motion is put 1 desire to have a vote
taken upon my motion to close debate upon the
Post Office appropriation bill in five minutes after
the committee shall again resume its considera-
tion.
Mr. LILLY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
question of privilege first.
Mr. LILLY. I rise to a privileged question.
Is it proper lor the Chair to recognize the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who leaves
his seat and goes down into the area, when there
are gentlwnea in this part of the Hall who are up,
and have risen again and again, in their seats to
be recognized?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in his
own defense, that when a bill is reported by any
one of the committees, he feels it to be his duty,
under the rules and usage as old as parliamentary
proceedings, to recognize the gentleman haungthe
conduct of the bill. [Cries of 4* That is right!*']
The Chair will not violate that rule to gratify any
member upon this floor. [Cries of "Good!"
" That is right!"] The Chair would, however,
have failed to recognize the gentleman from Ala-
bama, if his attention at the time had not been
called to the fact referred to by the gentleman from
New Jersey.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Alabama had
been recognized previously, and was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; and I went into
the area to speak to my friend from New York.
The SPEAKER. The question is on a resolu-
tion, introduced by the gentleman from Alabama,
that debate be closed on the Senate amendments to
the Post Office appropriation bill within five min-
utes after its consideration shall be resumed m
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That resolution does
not cut off the five-minute debate?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir* only the general
debate.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the mam question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. Is
it in order for me to ask the unanimous consent of
the House for the introduction of a bill, to which
there can be no objection 5
[Cries of " I object!" "I object!"]
Mi*. WENTWORTH. I move to suspend the
rules, that I may be enabled to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now
pending to suspend the rules to resolvethe House
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. By special rule, the House has first
to vote on the resolution closing debate, as a
privileged question.
The question was taken; and the resolution
closing debate was adopted.
The question was taken on the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending
when the commutee rose, was on agreeing to the
fourth Senate amendmentto the Post Officeappro-
priation bill as amended.
The question was taken; and the amendment, as
amended, was concurred in.
The fifth amendment was reported, as follows:
Sec. 2 Jind be it further enacted, Thatthe fourth section
of the act of Congress, approved 5ih August, IfcM, entitled
" A11 act nmkmir appiopuauoi s for the ^ervjeo of ihe Po.«t
Ofliee Depaumeiii during Uk: h«?ca  year ending the 3Qihof
Juno, 1£55." b'1, and the same is hereby, continued (or one
year iroin August 5. 1855, and that the allowance granted
by said ^ochon to the deputy postmaster at Washington
city, DiMriet of Columbia, 01 uric mill per pound upon the
nggiegaie weight of public documents? panted bv order of
CongMiss, and deposited in ihe office of the said postmaster
to bu mailed, hhatl be so construed as to commence on ihe
5th ol August, 1803.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment, with an amendment striking out all after the
words August 5th, 1855 " The portion pro-
posed to be stricken out provides for giving ba^k
pay for the year previous to 1854. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in the provision for increased compensation
to the clerks in the Washington post office; but
they thought that it was inexpedient to provide
for the giving of extra pay for the year previous to
the one when they commenced to draw it. I think
there are good teasons why the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means should be '
adopted. By reference to the law of the Lst ses-
sion, when this compensation commenced, the
committee will discover that the month of January
is taken as the month by which all the others are
to be regulated. All of us know that is that month
there is more of this matter than in any other.
The present session will terminate in a few days,
and for many months there will be comparatively
little of this matter to be mailed by the post office
clerks of this city. 1 have no objection to here-
after continuing the compensation under the liw,
from time to time, as Congicss may see fit; but I
think that it is a bad principle to now go back
twelve months previous to the time when they
commenced drawing it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, I ripe to
oppose the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means, advocated by the chairman, who has
just taken his seat. I examined this matter care-
fully a year ago, as a member of a committee of
conference. It was well understood in that commit-
tee that this compensation was due to these post
office clerks, whose labor is double that of any
other clerks in any other branch of the publ'c ser-
vice, whether you take the clerks in this or in any
other city of the Union. The post office clerks
get generally about half the pay that other clerks
do anywhere, and they have to do double the work.
In this city, sir, it is well known that the clerks in
the post office are compelled to labor hard to get
through with the duty which we impose on them.
The gentleman says that January is made the
measure because it is the heavy month. As I un-
deistand, that is not the heavy month We know
that in the month of January we have few, if any
of the public documents printed. We know that
we do not receive them until after that; therefore
it would be better for the clerks if they took any
other month than January. But that has been
decided on as one of the conveniences to them and
to all.
Mr. Chairman, I examined the question with
great care when I was on the committee of con-
ference at the last session, and it was only to
secure some measure of greater importance, though
not of so much convenience tolaboring individuals,
that the committee on the part of the House
receded. The Senate gave up to us an important
measure to let this pass, but with thedis'uict under-
standing that, on the first occasion it came up, gen-
tlemen would feel at liberty to vote for it. It is
only taking the compensation back to the time con-
templated by that law, and to the time when the
other clerks of the city—the clerks of the other
Departments—began drawing their increased sal-
aries, salaries increased far above those of these
hard-working men, to whom we have to trust our
correspondence and its contents, and who have
ever proved faithful. 1 hope,sir, that this House
will not dally with so small a matter as that. I
hope they will adopt theamendment, which simply
does an art of justice.
Mr. HOUSiON. Will the gentleman allow
me to state one fact ? I want to correct thegen-
tleman in this particular: This amendment, as it
passed the Senate, will give to these r.Urks m the
city post office an extra compensation, going fur-
ther back than the increased compensation which
was given to the clerks m the Department.
Mr. CHANDLER. However that may be, it
only goes back to the time when thn heavy labor
was imposed upon them without any augmenta-
tion of their compensation. But, sir, { do not think
it is worth while to take up the time of the com-
mittee, every moment of which is precious. I
hope the amendment will he adopted as it passed
the Senate, and that theamendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will be rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I merely desire
to say, to correct an erroneous impression which
may have been created by the remark of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr, Houston,] that this
extra compensation only extends back to the same
year for which the clerks of the Departments were
allowed extra compensation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. I thought so.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senateamendment; and, being taken, was car-
ried in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he thereby, author-zed to establish and
put in operation a semi-monthly mail, by sea, fiom S.in
Waneisco, in the State of California, to Olympia, m the
i erritory of Washington, touching at Humboldt bay, Trm-
