1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
idad, and Crescent City, in the State of California, Port
Orfoi <3, Gardiner City, or Umpqua, and Astoria, in the T« r-
rifor.v oi On pon, Shoalwaier hay, Port Townsend, m the
Terntojy of Washington, and at such other points as shall
be designated by thr Postmaster General : Provided, The
vvholo post of said service shall not exceed the sum of
$'I2*M)00 p jr annum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to recommend a con-
currence in 'hat amendment, wuh an amendment. ;
I move to insert, in the tenth line, after the word j
"Provided," the words, '♦ that the contract for j
said service be advertised by the Postmaster Gen- i
eral, in pursuance of existing laws, and let to the j
lowest bidder: Provided further;" bo that the clause
will read:
p-.ovu'ed. Thai the contract for said service shall be
advcriispd by tiie Postmaster General, in pur umce of ex-
isting I nvs, and let to the lowest bidder: Provided further, i
That he whole cost of said service shall not exceed ihe sum .
ot $12J,000.
That amendment merely provides that these j
contracts shall be advertised and let in the same
manner that other mail contracts are.
Mr LA.NE, of Oregon. I desire to oiler an
amendment to that amendment.
Tiie CE1 AIRMAN. No further amendment ia
in order.
The question was taken; and the amendment of 1
the Committee of Ways and Means was adopted.
Mr. LANE. I now offer my amendment. I
move to add at the end of the amendment the fol-
lowing:
Provided further, That the Postmaster General may,
if he shall deem it for the public interest, contract for such
public service with the lowest bidder, as aforesaid, under
advertisements and proposals heretofore made for the mail
service between the points aforesaid.
There can be no objection to this amendment, I
imagine.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether I
clearly understand the purport of that amend-
ment; but if I do, it seems to me it will be legis-
lating in the dark. We do not know what pro-
posals may have heretofore been made. I think
we had better have the contracts made in the ordi-
nary way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But this leaves it
discretionary with the Postmaster General.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that is a fact I have no
objection to the amendment.
The question was taken; and Mr. Lane's amend-
ment was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the Senate
amendment as amended, and being put, was car-
ried in the affirmative.
Seventh amendment:
Sfc 4. Jlndbz it further enacted, That the right to frank
letters and documents now allowed bv law to the Vice
President be continued to tho^e who have heretofore, or
shall hcrealter hold that oflice, during hie.
Mr HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out, in the
fourth line, the words ii during life.99 The amend-
ment would then read:
§rc.4. Andheitfarther enacted, That the right to frank
letters and documents now allowed by law to the Vice
President be continued to those who have heretofore or
shall hereafter hold that office.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment of the Senate
proposes to confer upon the Vice President now
in office, and those who have heretofore or shall
hereafter hold that office, a franchise for life—an
incorporeal inheritance. Now, sir, I object to
any such provision being made, because jf Con-
gress has the power to confer that right upon
these officers, they have the right to transfer it to
others. We have had illustrations enough of late
of the assumption of high Federal officers to the
utmost limit of the power intrusted to them, to
make us cautious how we extend that power.
But a few ditys ago, one of these officers under-
took to strike down the representatives of the peo-
ple by refusing his assent 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia must confine himself to the discussion of
the amendment he has offered.
Mr. SEWARD. Sol am. I was giving an
illustration of the danger of extending; farther
power to those officers by an example of the way
that power had been used.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
example is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Then if the Chair possesses
the authority of determining what arguments
should operate upon my mind to favor or oppose
any proposition, and what example may te given
and what may not, I think that authority is an
infringement upon my rights.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has the author-
ity to enforce the rules of order, and he will en- |
force them. j
Mr. SEWARD. If I do not eonform to the .
rules of order, then I will submit to be called to !
order by the Chair. But I submit to the Chair
whether it is notin order, in discussing an amend-
ment proposing to confer additional powers upon
public officers, to show, by examples, the mischief
that may arise from the extension of those pow- |
ers? But, sir, having said thus much, not desiring j
to consume the time of the House, and not wish-
ing to come m conflict with the Chair or the rules
of order, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope theamend-
ment of the Senate will be rejected. I will merely
state that it is to extend the franking privilege.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
: a non-concurrence, and I hope that recommenda-
j tion will be adopted.
j The question was taken; and the amendment
j was non-concurred in.
! Eighth amendment:
I Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted. That all book?, maps',
! and charts, oi other publications entered for copyncht, and
! which, under the act of August 10, 1846, arc required to be
j deposited in the Library of Congress, and in the Smith-
sonian Institution, may be sent through thematl free of po?t-
ag-*, under such regulation as the Postmaster General may
pres.cn be.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concutrence
in that amendment. The act referred to in the
amendment requires each person who obtains a
copyright for a book to' deposit six copies of the
work in the Congressional Library, and six in
the library of the Smi.hsonian Institution. This
amendment merely proposes that the copies thus
required to be forwarded to the Congressional
Library, and the Smithsonian Institution, shall
come free of postage, and nothing more.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on the
Library are anxious that this amendment shall be
adopted.
Mr. HENN. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment of the Senate:
After the word " Institution " insert the words "and all
publications made by the Smithsonian Institution."
I have no desire to debate the amendment. I
wish merely to test the sense of the committee
upon it. I am in favor of it, and think that the
publications of the Smithsonian Institution ought
to be disseminated through ehe country free of
charge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that that
is not appropriate to this amendment. Itproposfs
to extend the franking privilege.
Mr. HENN. Not at all. it merely allows
these documents to go free of postage.
Mr. JONES. It certainly does extend it, and
I think we had better confine ourselves to the
amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken on Mr. Henn's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding the words "and
that an account thereof shpH be taken." I will
explain the reason why 1 offer that amendment.
We have applications for relief from the Post
Office Department upon the ground of the quan-
tity of matter sent through the post office under
the franking privilege. Now, I desire that Con-
gress ehall have some reliable data upon that sub-
ject. 1 propose that an-account shall hereafter be
taken of all this mail matter, to be certified to by
the Post Office Department, so that hereafter the
House may be able to make some near approxi-
mation to the amount of matter that goes through
the mails free of charge.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman from
Virginia not to insist upon his amendment to this
bill. It can be better done by a resolution. It is
not the sort of provision that should be put in an
appropriation bill. It is not appropriate to it.
Mr.'LErCHER. My amendment applies ex-
clusively to the matter referred to in this amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. This amendment only applies to
such books aa the authors shall get copyrights for,
and as shall be sent here to be deposited in the
Congressional Library, and in the Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. Letcher's amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in,
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
take a lece^s until six o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to amend that
motion by inserting seven o'clock in lieu of six
o'clock.
The amendment was adopted.
The motion of Mr. Bridges, as amended, was
then agreed to; and thereupon—at ten minutes after
four o 'clock, p. m.—the House took a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION*
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to order
at twenty minutes past seven o'clock, p. m., and
the committee resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
The Clerk reported the ninth amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Sfc. 6. Jlnd bo it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be. nnd ho is hereby, authorized, in the settlement
of the accounts of the late postmaster at Waterville, Maine,
to allow such sum, in addition to the commissions wh tell
accrued at his office during his term of service, as will inaka
his compensation equal to §17o per quarter, and cover all
such necessaiy items of incidental expenses as have been
u ualiy incurred and allowed in a post office of this class :
Provided, houcoer^ That the whole compensation and ex-
penses shall not exceed $42o per quarter.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means, in considering this amendment, had
not the papers before them, and they, therefore,
recommended a non-concurrence in this amend-
ment; but they authorized me to change that rec-
ommendation, if I could get satisfactory informa-
tion from the Department. I have since had a
conference with the Postmaster General, and he ia
of the opinion that the claim is just, and that it
ought to be allowed.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
Tenth amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 7. Jlnri be itfurther enacted, That the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury be instructed to examine the claim
of William II. Glover and Thomas \V. Mather and their
associates, and ascertain and allow &uch damans aj they
are entitled to in justice and equity, in consequence of the
refusal of the Postmaster General to carry into effect the
contract entered into between William R. Glover and
Thomas W. Mather and the Postmaster General, m 1853,
lnr the transportation of the mails on the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers, and that such damages be paid to the said Wil-
liam It Glover and Thomas W. Mather and their associates,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropu-
ated.
iVlr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means had no examination made of these
amendments, and but a very slight examination
of this amendment on its merits, for the reason
that we had not lime to go into such investigation
as the magnitude of the claim demanded. We,
however, Destowed such attention upon it as we
could give in the one morning which we had to
appropriate in our session to this bill. The com-
mittee determined to recommend non-concurrence
in the amendment, believing that it is peculiarly
appropriate for investigation by the court of
claims, which Congress has recently established.
The contest between the Post Office Department
and these genilemen grows out of what they
allege to be a violation of law en the part of the
Department. The Postmaster General does not
consider that he has violated the law. Hence the
case turns exclusively and entirely on the point
of law, and the committee believe it should be
referred to the court which has recently been
established for the purpose of investigation and
decision. The committee, therefore, recommend
non-concurrence.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I movetoamend the
amendment by requiring the First Comptroller of
the Treasury to report whatever action he may
take to Congress, for its approbation or rejection,
I offer this amendment to enable me to make some
remarks on this question. In this bill, Mr. Chair-
man, you have allowed agood many individual
claims which seemed to the committee to be just.
I do not know whether it is the sense of the com-
mittee and of the House to ellow this one. 1 de-
sire to preface my remarks by saying that I have
the highest possible respect for the Postmaster
General, and my observations will relate solely to
