1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
his official connection with this case. But as some
of the individuals interested in this matter are ray
constituents, I feel that I would be derelict in my
public duty if I failed to enter my protest against
their being reduced to bankruptcy and ruin by
what I consider to be an act of Executive oppres-
sion. As I have five minutes to go upon, 1 will
try to cram all the points in the case before the
committee in that time.
We have been for years trying to get mail facil-
ities on the Ohio and the Mississippi rivers. In
August, 1852, Congress passed a resolution requir-
ing a daily mail line to be established between
Louisville and St. Louis, and Louisville and New
Orleans, and intermediate places; the mail to be
carried m " safe and suitable steamboats." That
is the language of the congressional resolution. In
theautumn following, under Mr. Fillmore's admin-
istration, Mr. Hubbard, the Postmaster General,
advertised for bids under that resolution. In that
advertisement he stipulated that the mail should
be carried in boats constructed for the transporta-
tion of mails and passengers only, and of low-pres-
sure. I will not comment upon that further than
to say that low-pressure boats cannot be run on
the western waters, and that there is not a boat
on the waters which carries mails and passengers
only. They all have holds, and carry freight.
Thirty boats nearly are required to carry the mail
under this resolution, and not one of them is built
to transport mails and passengers only. These
gentlemen offered to take the contract to carry the
daily mails at $450,000 a year. Soon afterwards
Mr. Fillmore's administration went out, and the
present Administration came in.
Mr. Campbell, the Postmaster General, had a
correspondence with the claimants in relation to
the low-pressure question, and other subjects con-
nected with the contract, the result of which was
that he addressed a letter to the Post Office Com-
mittee, st&ting that the only way to carry out the
instructions of Congress was to accept the bid made
by these gentlemen. They proposed to take the
contract for the conveyance of the mail on " suit-
able and safe steamboats"—following the language
of the congressional resolution—the boats to be
approved by the agent of the Department. Ac-
cordingly, on the 20th May, 1853, they entered
into a contract with the present Postmaster Gen-
eral—which contract I hold in my hand—changing
the price from §450,000 to $297,000; also changing
the schedule of time, saying nothing about the
low-pressure boats, and stipulating, in the language
of the contract, which, I repeat, I hold in my hand,
that they should convey the mail in " safe and suit-
able steamboats," the mails to be free from wet
and other injury. The terms were " safe and suit-
able steamboats" alone—following the language
of the congressional resolution. They provided'
these safe and suitable .steamboats. They were
inspected at Louisville by agents of the Govern-
ment, and they were received by them as answer-
ing the terms of the contract. They were prepared
to receive the mail. On the 1st of December, when
the mails were to be delivered for the first time,
the agent ef the Post Office Department met them
at Louisville with an order from the Department
not to allow the mails to be received on board if
the boats had a pound of freight.
That is the history of the matter. The Depart-
ment refused to give them the mails for transport-
ation; and they have not been allowed to carry
them. They were compelled to build several
boats, and to hire others, to be ready to carry out
their contract. Some of these claimants are young
men without much capital. They have complied
with every stipulation required by Congress and
contained in their contract. They were ready to
receive and transport these mails, but the agent
refused to deliver them because they had some
freight on board.
That is the sum of the whole transaction.
Now, you may place the facts before any tribunal,
from a justice of the peace up to Heaven's chancery
itself, and you cannot find any tribunal which will
not say that it is a case of Executive oppression,
and that these men should be compensated for the
loss and damage sustained by them in consequence
of the violation of contract by the Postmaster
General. I speak of this as an official transaction,
and intend not the slightest disrespect to the dis-
tinguished head of the Department. On the con-
trary, 1 respect and confide m his motives, although
1 disagree wholly with his official action. I want
the committee to recollect this point, that the
acceptance of their bid took place under Mr.
Hubbard. It was accepted under the advertise-
ment by him for low-pressure boats, and for boats
constructed for the transportation of mails and
passengers only. These bids were afterwards
delivered up to the Postmaster General, and a new
contract was entered into with them, which contract
I hold in my hand, and in which nothing was said
except that they should carry the mails in " safe
and suitable steamboats." They provided these
boats, and they were accepted by the agent of the
Post Office Department. I am bound to say that
we have never been able to get proper mail facilities
on these western waters; and the committee will
recollect that an effort was made by my friend
from Mississippi, at last session, to get mail
facilities established on these waters.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. This is a very extraordinary
case, Mr. Chairman, and I desire to say to this
committee, that in respect to the facts put forth by
my friend from Kentucky, I cannot say nay to
any of them, so far as my knowledge extends.
Nor have I any reason to suppose that there is
any incorrectness in any of them, unless it may
grow out of the fact that if they are true they pre-
sent a most remarkable case of official delinquency
or obliquity, or something of the kind. I am
unwilling to believe it to that extent; and I think
the Postmaster General should be heard on the
subject. I do not think that this committee should
act upon ex parte statements, however much force
they may appear to have.
Mr. PECKHAM. Hear the Postmaster Gen-
eral where ? On this floor ?
Mr. HAVEN. I want to go a little further
than that. Mr. Chairman, I am not willing that a
claim which I understand, from the way in which
it is put forward by my friend from Kentucky—
and which, I think, he will tell you—amounts to
$1,000,000 at least, should go through under the
five-minute debate rule, and at this Congress,
which I believe has gone on so far with clean
hands, however much they may be stained here-
after with the cry of Galphinism by gas-light. I
think it should have a better investigation. At
lea«t I think we should allow the Postmaster Gen-
eral to report to this House the facts at the next
session, and then w« can act on the facts as re-
ported.
The Committee of Ways and Means having had
no time to look at these facts from beginning to
end, and regarding it as a private claim, only re-
ported on it to this degree, that they believed that
these claimants were entitled to have the matter
investigated, and that they should not have their
claim in any way injured by suspicion being
thrown upon it here; and the committee, therefore,
took upon themselves to say to the House that
this matter should go to the new court of claims
for the purpose of investigation.
I beg the committee not to understand me as
saying anything derogatory of this claim; but you
must recollect that it was on reference to the head
of a Department that the Galphin claim was paid,
and you must recollect how much the country
heard in relation to that transaction. Do not let
this Congress stain itself by a transaction of this
kind. I believe this has been a fair, honest Con-
gress; and I want they should justify that char-
acter by their actiom I do not want that these
contractors should be lowered in the public estima-
tion, and I want the proposition of my friend from
Kentucky to be taken up and acted upon by the
House. I want the valley of the Mississippi to
have these mail facilities, but I want the committee
to remember that they have resulted so far only in
damages for violation of steam contracts. These
contractors are clear-headed, eagle-eyed men, and
are ever on the alert to attend to their interests,
while we have a little of everything to attend to;
and how can it be expected that we can meet them
in ali their claims ? I want this matter fairly inves-
tigated, and if these parties have been injured by
the Postmaster General I hope justice may be
done them.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the leave of
the committee I withdraw the amendment, and
offer another for the purpose of making a single
remark in reply to the gentleman from New York. I
I move to substitute in the place of the First !
Comptroller of the Treasury the Auditor for the j
Post Office Department. The gentleman from [
New York talks about Galphinism, and I thought
that the remark was made in order to produce a
panic in the mind of the committee. I am happy
to see hostility to Galphinism springing up m the
right quarter. The party with which I act, I am
glad to say, is not responsible for the name or
the example. The remark of the gentleman being
general in its character, I will only add on thia
point, that I am pretty well known here as a de-
termined enemy to everything in the form of Gal-
phinism and public plunder of evet:y sort.
But to return to the case. The gentleman inti-
mated, in the course of his remarks, that there
were $1,000,000 damages involved in this case,
which the House were asked to vote blindly; but
according to the best information I can get the
damages claimed by the violation of the contract
on the part of the Postmaster General are lesa
than $100,000. I am perfectly willing to substi-
tute the Auditor of the Post Office Department for
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, to whom
this matter shall be referred, and who shall report
the result to this House. The matter has already
been discussed and acted upon by the Senate.
The gentleman from New York said that the
Postmaster General ought to be heard. He has
been heard for two years, and the case has under-
gone a careful investigation in the Senate, and
after full and ample discussion the amendment
now before the committee was adopted by an
overwhelming majority.
I will tell you what I understand the answer of
the Postmaster General to be. It is that the con-
tract, which I hold in my hand, binds these men
according to the advertisement of Mr. Hubbard.
That is the answer which the Postmaster General
gives; but it is no answer at all, and why? First,
because Mr. Hubbard's advertisement was in vio-
lation of the resolution mf Congress; and next, be--
cause they had yielded up to Mr. Campbell the
bid which they had made under Mr. Hubbard'a
advertisement; whereupon Mr. Campbell entered
into a new contract with them, changing the price,
and changing the contract in many other partic-
ulars, in which no reference is made to Mr. Hub-
bard's advertisement; and in which no reference
is made to the fact that the boats to be used must
be low-pressure boats. Here is a contract which
stands upon its own merits, and which must be
construed by itself; and here is a letter from the
Second Assistant Postmaster General, dated about
the time the contract was made:
Post Office Department, ?
Contract Office, May 30, 1853. )
Gentlemen : The Postmaster General has raade the fol-
lowing order in regard to the mail service between Louis-
ville and New Orleans:
" Modify the acceptance of March 1, 1853, so as to dis-
pense with the restriction to low-pressure boats, and with
the way mail service between Cairo and St. Prancisville ;
and adjust the compensation by the standard of the lowest
bids received under the advertisement of 31st December,
1852. '
"Contract, therefore, with Glover and Mather for the
daily express service between Louisville and New Orleans
m seven days each way, and the daily way service between
Louisville and Cairo, and between St. Francisville and
New Orleans, at S297,975 per annum from 1st of December
next, or as much earlier as practicable, the Postmaster
General reserving the right to require the supply of six ad-
ditional offices by the express line, without additional pay.
The whole service to be performed in safe and suitable
steamboats.Very respectfully, yours, &c.,
WILLIAM H. DUNDA3,
Second Assistant Postmaster General,
Messrs. Glover and Ma.ther,
That is the order of the Postmaster Genera],
following literally the language of the congres-
sional resolution. The language incorporated into
this contract was, that the mail should be carried
in a safe and secure manner m safe and suitable
steamboats. That is the contract. When the
bo.ats were offered they were accepted by the
agent of the PostOfRce Department, but a dispatch
was afterwards received that they should not take
the mails, if freight was found on board. 1 trust
that the committee will adopt the amendment, and
do justice to these parties. And to guard against
one dollar being improperly taken from the public
Treasury, 1 am perfectly willing that the First
Comptroller of the Treasury should report his
proceedings to the next Congress. I think that
proposition is a perfectly fair one.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to make a single re-
mark in reply to the suggestion that fell from my
friend from Kentucky, and 1 will endeavor to do
it with entire fairness. He tells us that there
have been thirty boats put into order for the service
