1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
claim shall be referred to Mr. Whittlesey, the
First Comptroller, who we all know, or whether
it shall be referred to a board of claims'which has
Dot been organized, and which we do not know.
It is true the gentleman from ^Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has particular confidence in that board of
claims, however it may be constituted, and I trust
his confidence may turn eut to be well founded.
I hope it may. But I would respectfully suggest
to the committee, that inasmuch as it seems to be
conceded that this claim is to be referred either to
the board of claims or to Mr. Whittlesey, that,
without consuming more time in reference to the
matter, we had better allow it to' go to Mr. Whit-
tlesey, whom we all know, and m whom we all
have the utmost confidence. I think it will be
eafer for the country to have the question left to
him, with this limitation, than to the court of
claims. The only question, it seems to me, is,
whether we shall leave it to men whom we do not
know, or to Mr, Whittlesey, whom we do know.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letciier's
'amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs.Edmundson,
and Wasiiburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then agreed to.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate: i
Sen. 8. -Indite it further enacted, That the Postmaster |
Genera! be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Urans-
ton Laurie a reasonable compensation tor performing the
duties of two desks in the Post Office Department, not to
exceed half-pay of a clerk for the time he was so employed.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment proposes
to give extra compensation to a clerk in the Post
Office Department. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. ' I offer an amend-
ment to that section for the purpose of saying a
few words. I move to strike out "half-pay,"
and insert in lieu thereof, "two thirds pay."
Mr. WHEELER. I hope the Chair will enforce
the rule, and confine members to the discussion of
the amendment under consideration.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I propose to confine |
myself to the pending amendment, and I desire to ;
read to the committee the language of that amend- ,
ment, which will show the justice of this claim. !
It is as follows: |
That the Postmaster fieneral be, and he is hereby, author- !
ized to pay to Cranston Laurie a reasonable compensa-
tion for performing tile dunes of two desks in the Post
Office Department, not to exceed half-pay of a cleric for the
time he was so employed.
Mr. Chairman, this is not a claim involving
millions nor thousands of dollars. No, sir. At
the most it cannot amount to more than a few
hundreds of dollars, and not even that, until the
claim shall have passed under the supervision of
the Postmaster General, and shall have been
established by evidence sufficient to satisfy him.
But the language of the bill declares that he per-
formed the duties of two desks. And, sir, is it
an answer to this proposition, when thegentleman
from Alabama gets up and informs this committee
that if we adopt this amendment we shall have all
the clerks of all the Departments clamoring at the
Treasury? No, sir. Why was not the compen-
sation paid to Mr. Laurie at the time the service
was performed? Kor the reason, sir, that the
head of the Department was prohibited by express
law from exercising any discretionary power in
relation to the compensation of his clerks.
Now, then, sir, there being a vacant desk, Mr.
Laurie, by the direction of the Department, per-
formed the service of his own and the extra desk.
And although I have notgiven a full investigation
to the facts on which the claim is founded, yet 1
have investigated it sufficiently to satisfy my mind
that these services were of a peculiarly laborious
character. The labors of these clerks in the Post
Office Department consist mainly, as I understand,
of laborious statistics. These were the duties
which Mr. Laurie discharged. This amendment
has already twice passed the Senate of the United
States, unanimously, once at last session, and once
at this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know, Mr.
Chairman, what evidence there is before this com-
mittee that the clerk whose name is inserted in
this amendment does any more duty than any
other clerks in the Post Office Department, 1
kmnv there are clerks now in the Post Office De-
partment who work extra hours, who return to
their duties after nightfall and work till bed-time;
and they do it for months in succession—and
there are many of them. Well, I ask, are they to
be compensated with an extra allowance of half
salary? Are we to adopt that rule, or are we to
pay this clerk and none other? Why this dis-
crimination between clerks in the Post Office De-
partment?
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Will the gentleman
from Alabama allow me to answer his question >
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a question which I pro-
pound to the committee, not to the gentleman from
Indiana. I ask why we should make an odious
discrimination between the clerks of the Post Office
Department?
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. It is not proposed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why should we do it, par-
ticularly when there is no evidence before us tend-
ing to establish the fact that this man does more
service than other clerks in the Department? I
ask this committee if they are prepared to adopt a
policy like that ? If this clerk rendered any ser-
vice beyond his ordinary service, why is there not
some evidence of it here? Why does not the Post-
master General, or the head of the bureau, or any
other person who has charge of his service, and
knows of them, send us some information on the
subject? Why should we select one clerk out of
! a Department of one hundred clerks, and say that
he does duty for which he should be doubly com-
pensated? I ask the committee if it will do that
kind of irjustice? I hope, Mr. Chairman, that a
vote will be taken at once on this amendment.
The question being on Mr. Chamberlain's
amendment,
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. BENSON. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to
move a substitute for the amendment, giving Mr.
Laurie three fourths pay extra. I propose this
amendment for the purpose of making a single
remark. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means commenced his remarks by
asking what evidence we had that this clerk per-
formed any extra service. It is not necessary
that we should have evidence that these extra
duties have been performed. We refer that matter
to that hard-hearted Postmaster Gen.eral, of whom
, so much has been just now said. We allow him
to examine the whole facts, ard then give this
clerk, Mr. Laurie, not one half of his regular pay,
but as much as will .pay him for the duties he has
performed. If there, was no extra service, this
cruel Postmaster General will give him no extra
pay; and if he has performed this service, I ask, in
the name of all that is just, why should he not at
least, have.half-pay extra ? It seems to me that
it would be better we were attending to many im-
portantmatters, than ba quarrelingaboutthis small-
pittance which it is proposed to give a faithful
servant. I hope this committee will concur with j
the amendment of the Senate. j
Mr. OLDS. I wish merely to say to the com- i
mittee, that during the last session of Congress
And an extra compensation of twenty, per cent, to thB
mail route agents from Atalanta, Georgia, to Chattanooga,
Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that that
amendment is not in order. It has nothing to do
with the amendment under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
the amendment is not in order, it is notgermane
to the subject.
Mr. SE WARD. I hope the Chair will let me
read the amendment of the Senate in connection
with this.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not desire to appeal; but
I would state that a section of the Senate's amend-
ment gives extra compensation to officers of the
Department, and therefore my proposition is ger-
mane.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman's amend-
ment were in order, then it would be equally in
order to place upon the bill every private claim
against the Government, -or provisions for in-
creased compensation for every officer of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SEWARD. It is for an increase of com-
pensation.
Mr. LILLY. After the word " Department,"
in the fourth line, insert the following:
Any other clerks in either of the Departments, whose
duties require them to labor more than their usual hours
per day.
| Mr. HAMILTON. I make a question of order
I on that amandment.
Mr. LILLY. I understand that the amend-
j ment of the Senate provides for the increase of the
i pay of a clerk; and the amendment I offer is pre-
| cisely of the same character.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
! the opinion that the amendment of the gentleman
i from New Jersey is germane to the pending
1 amendment-, but the Chair decides it to be out of
i order, as it changes existing laws regulating the
i compensation of the3e officers.
i Mr. DISNEY". I desire to call the attention of
| the friends of this measure to the obvious omis-
| sion in the phraseo'ogy of the amendment. I
j move to insert the word " extra," after the word
i " reasonable;*' so that the amendment would pro-
i vide for paying this Mr. Laurie a reasonable extra
; compensation for performing the duties of two
desks in the Post Office Department. I offer this
amendment for the purpose of aiding the friends
of the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, it was taken, and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN demtfTided tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Middles.warth, and
Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 63.'
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Twelfth amendment of the Senate:
Sbc.9. And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
Gener.t! bn, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Uriah P.
Monroe, his representatives or assigns, a* pay in full for
extra mail service on the mail route from Sacramento to
Shasta, in the State of California, commencing October 1,
Anno Domini 18ol, and ending July 15, 1852, the sum of
this same question was in abeyance between the j $o,54i 66.
two Houses. The Senate put the same amend- ji .Mr. HOUSTON. I have received some letters
ment in the Post Office bill, as it has done now. jj fr0m the Postmaster General in relation to this
On investigation, the House refused to concur. ;; matter, which I will ask the Clerk to read. The
The matter was then discussed by. the committee |l PostmasterOeneral states in these letters that there
of conference of both Houses, and it was on the jj JS no satisfactory evidence in the Department
report of the committee of conference that the showing that extra service has been performed,
House succeeded in cutting this amendment out j| and they show further that he is endeavoring to
of the bill last year. The House then cut it out,
and it should now be cut out, too. I will say,
further, that in conversation with the Postmaster
General on this very question, he thought that
this proposition was making a distinction which
should not be made.
Mr. BENSON. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BRIDGES. I object.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer an amendment, to come
in aft«r the word " employed," m the fifth line.
It is to insert the following:
obtain information upon that point.
The letters were then read, as follows:
Post Office Department, January 12,1855.
Sir- 1 have the honor to make the following statement
touching the claim of U. P. Monroe, in reference to which
vour letter of the 3d calls for information : He held a eon-
i tract from July 1, l®l,to JuJv 1,1W4,at $7,000 p^rannurn,
for weekly conve>ancc of the mail on route 5088, (old)
. Sacramento City to Sha=ta, in California. In July,
j he informed the Department that he had run an extra trip on
the route—above half the distance in steamboats—since the
Ht October previous, under instructions from the special
agent of the Department, J- M. Goggin,fhr which addi-
tional service he requested to be allowed at the rate of
j *7 000 per annum. Mr. Gopgm had been m the habit Of
I reporting, from time to timr. on the >tate of the service m
1 that State, stating how frequently the maiH were run, &e.;
