1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
Postmaster General with William L. Blanchard for carrying
the United States mail on route numbered 5056, in the year
It"53, was violated by the Postmaster General without legal
and adequate cause given by baid Blanchard ; and it it was
so violated, then to a-certam and allow such damages as he
isen'itled to in equity and justice, by reason of such viola-
tion, and that such damages be paid .to said Blanchard out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment. They believed that it was a claim
peculiarly belonging to the court of claims which
has been recently established. Without attempt-
ing to argue the meritsof the claim, the committee
have directed me to move the reference of the
claim to the court of claims.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by adding to
it the following:
That the First Comptroller of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to cause the claim of James Thompson,
surviving parmer, and Sarah E Strader, widow and ad-
ministratrix of C. M. Strader, of the late O. M Strader and
company, mail contractors, for a violation of their contract,
by tile Post Office Department, for carrying tile mail, to be
settled upon principles of equity and justice; and tile Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and iie is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the said James Thompson, surviving part-
ner, and the legal representatives ot the aforesaid C. M.
Sirader and company, mail contractors, the amount winch
may be found due them, after the settlement atoiesaid shall
have been made, out of any money m tbe Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, not to exceed $-20,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment provides for a private claim. Al-
though germane to the amendment of the Senate,
it is not in order to an appropriation bill under the
81st rule. It changes existing law, and proposes !
to make an appropriation not authorized by law. \
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to say that this is i
like the Glover and Mather amendment. It has !
been acted on by the committee of this House, as |
well as that of the Senate, and reported on favor- j
ably. 1 appeal to the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. Jones] to bear me out, that they have re-
ported this claim, and that it stands exactly in the
same category with theGlover and Mather claim.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be so, but that
claim was put on in the Senate.
Mr. PRESTON. I know that this widow
needs this money.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be.
Mr. PRESTON. And I know she has been
unjustly deprived of it, and that there is no reason
why it should not be given to her.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. PRESTON. The claim passed the Senate
unanimously——-
The CHAIR.MAN. The Chair again reminds
the gentleman that no debate is in order. It is
the opinion of the Chair that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. PRESTON. I feel constrained to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not think the question
is well understood by the committee. I ask that
the Chair will state distinctly what is the question
of order raised, and the decision ef the Chair
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Preston] proposes to amend the
amendment of the Senate, which is to provide
extra compensation for carrying the mail in Cal-
ifornia, by providing for the payment to Strader
and company,and to'the representatives of another
party, extra compensation for carrying the mail
upon a different route at a different time. The
Chair states that the amendment of the Senate
would not have been in order under the rules of
the House as an original proposition. If such a
proposition had been offered, the present occu-
pant of the chair would have ruled it to be out of
order. Now, the same rules apply in reference to
amendments to amendments to the Senate amend-
ments that would apply when the bill was origin-
ally before the House. And, therefore, altnough
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
so far as language is concerned, is germane to the
Senate amendment, yet the Chair decides that it
is a private claim, that it pioposes to change the
existing laws, and that, according to the8Ist rule
of the House, it is not in order.
Mr. PRESTON. Did not the committee de-
cide a similar proposition to be in order this morn-
ing?
The CHAIRMAN. Because the committee
did wrong thin morning, is not a sufficient reason
for the Chair to decide in violation of the rule
now.
Mr. PRESTON. I think the same gentleman
was in the chair then as now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not to be in order.
Mr. PRESTON. I insist upon my appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will
be, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. PRESTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hpgiies and
Botce were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94, noes 30.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. LATHAM. For the purpose of enabling
me to submit a few remarks, I move to amend by
striking out " the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury," and substituting " the First Auditor of the
Treasury."
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Asbury Dick-
ins, their Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed, with an amendment, the forti-
fication bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the consent of the House
that the bill may be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Tne proposition was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BILL AGAIN.
The committee then again resumed its session,
and proceeded with the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the Post Office bill.
Mr. LATHAM. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has very correctly
stated that this amendment stands in the same
category with the tenth amendment of the Senate
in reference to the claim of Messrs. Glover and
Mather, with this exception, that the provisions of
this amendment are more strictly guarded, if pos-
sible, than those of that amendment. Instead.of
intrusting the whole matter to the jurisdiction of
the Comptroller of the Treasury, as was done in
that case, this refers the matter to the Attorney
General and to the Comptroller of the Treasury.
The Attorney General is to have the claim referred
to him, to decide the question of law, and then
the Comptroller is to determine the amount that
should be paid.
Now, sir, what are the circumstances under
which this claim arises? In the first place, a con-
tiact was made with Woodwaril and Chorpenning,
to carry the mail between Salt Lake City, in Utah
Territory, and Sncramento, in California. They
were unable to comply with the contract, and Mr.
Hubbard, the Postmaster General under the late
Administration, then entered into a contract with
Mr. Blanchard to carry this mail lor g50,000 per
annum. 1 hold that contract in my hand, it was
made after the usual manner, Mr. Blanchard's
bid being the lowest. This party having entered
into the contract, made preparations for carrying
it into effect in good faith. He provided the
animals, and, in the discharge of his duty, actually
went so far as to carry the mail for one or two
trips.
But when the present Postmaster General was
inaugurated in office, he refused to recognize the
act of his predecessor, entering into a contract
with Mr. Bianchard.
Up to this time the Postmaster General has
refused to recognize any claim upon the part of
Messrs. Blanchard and company. They have ap-
pealed to him thst their contract might be renewed.
They have asked him to regard them as contracting
parties with the Government, knowing that no
action could be maintained against it; but he has
turned a deaf ear to them. Now, all that they
ask is, that the Comptroller of the Treasury shall
pass upon their claim, under the instructions of
the Attorney General, who is to determine the
law governing the case. I ask if that is not a
more reasonable proposition than the one con-
tained in the tenth section, which the committee
has already adopted ? But [ do not wish to occupy
the time of the committee, because I conceive that
the same reasons which have governed them in
agreeing to the tenth section, inserted by the
Senate, will also govern them in this case.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am opposed
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
California. Mr. Blanchard is a citizen of the
coufify m which I reside. I have known him from
his childhood up to the present moment, and a
gentleman of better standing, or higher character,
does not reside in the State of Kentucky. Now,
sir, the contractors who originally got this con-
tract for>tbe route from Sacramento City to Salt
Lake City, failed in every trip that they made,
from the time that they took the contract until the
time at which the subsequent contract was made
with Blanchard. The condition of the country
and the necessities of the people were such that it *
required a change, and Mr. Hubbard entered into
a contract with Blanchard and his partner for the
purpose of carrying these mails and securing to
the people, at both ends of the route, their proper
mail facilities. No one could have been more in-
defatigable m the discbarge of their duty. They
never failed during the time that they continued to
carry the mails. They passed through them«unt-
ains sometimes when the snow was so deep as to
be over their heads. They slept in the snoar, and
encountered extraordinary hardships in their ef-
forts to carry out the contract according to its
terms. They continued to do so for six or eight
months, and then, without the slightest notice, the
contract was annulled and abrogated by the Post-
master General, and they were not even allowed
the full amount of what they had contracted to
receive for their services, but were reduced down
to the sum for which the contract was originally
given to the other contractors.
Now, sir, these men have incurred extraordi-
nary expense to provide the means by which the
mail should be carried from the Great Salt Lake
City to Sacramento City. I know the difficulty of
that young man (Blanchard) in raising money.
I know that, during the period when he was strug-
gling to comply with the obligations of his con-
tract, his father died, and his widowed mother
became embarrassed in order that he might meet
the expenses which he had incurred. I know that
that widowed mother is now laboring under a
heavy debt to the bank in the town in which I
reside in consequence of this interruption of the
contract by the Postmaster General. All that this
gentleman now asks is that his claim shall be
referred to the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
and that the questions of law in relation to it shall
, be decided by the Attorney General. Certainly,
j sir, this House, which knows Mr. Whittlesey so
well, need have r,o hesitation in trusting the ex a it: -
| ina'ion of the facts to him.
1 Mr. LATHAM. I now withdraw myamend-
! rnent.
i Mr. SKELTON. I move to amend the smend-
| ment by striking out the^words " the Comptroller
| of theTreasury^'and inserting " the United States
' courts" m lieu thereof. I submit that motion for
I the purpose of calling the attention of the com- -
; mittee to the singular phraseology of this amend-
! msnt of the Senate, and the very singular proposi-
{ tion contained in it. I find, sir, that the Senate
! propose to require the Comptroller of the Treasury
j to inquire whether the Postmaster General has
I violated a contract. Now, if we are to adopt this
i proposition, if the Postmaster General is to be
i subject to the investigation of the Comptroller of
: the'Treasury, I think the country is getting into
a very ridiculous position. If the Postmaster
j General has violated his contracts, I think the
i courts of law are the proper tribunals to determine
I that fact, or it should be referred to the court
' which we have organized "expressly for this pur-
1 pose. I take it for granted that if this House has
| power to refer a question of this kind to the juris*
I diction of the Comptroller of the Treasury, it has
1 the same power to refer it to the United States
| courts. We know that very delicate questions of
j this kind are growing up all over the United
1 Slates. If the Postmaster General is faithful and
j honest in the discharge of his duty—and I believe
' that he is th<* ir.ost faithful officer in the Executive
i department of the Government—it is unbecoming
I the House to authorize a subordinate officer to
!' investigate his conduct and decide whether he has
! violated his contracts or not. I say that theprop-
i osition is unjust, ridiculous, and subversive of the
very principles of this Government. It is as ridic-
ulous as it would be to appoint a subordinate
clerk to investigate the conduct of the President
and determine whether he has violated treaties
