1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
with foreign Governments. That would be an
extreme case, but the principle is the same. Now
I say that it is due to this House that we should
reject this amendment, for the reason that it is an
insult to one of the most faithful officers that ever
occupied the chair of the Postmaster General.
. [Here the hammer fell.]
- Mr. HOUSTON. I have a letter addressed to
Senator Weller bjr the Postmaster General in
relation to this subject, and I ask that it may be
read as my speech upon this case. The commit-
tee will observe that ihe Postmaster General gives
tus the main reason why he rescinded the contract
with Blanchard, that there was an existing con-
tract with other parties which had been annulled,
as he believed, without cause,and upon his acces-
sion to office, he found that the contract with
Blanchard had not been made in pursuance of any
advertisement or any existing law. i ask that the
letter may be read. *
The letter was read, as foll&ws:
Post Office Department, February 7, 1854.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 30th ultimo,
in reference to the service on route 5066, Sacramemo City
to Salt Lake 1 will first state the (acts :
On the 15th of January, 1832, the then Postmaster Gen-
eral (N. K. Hall) ordered to accept and confirm contract
with Woodward and Uhorpenning for the service, at the rate
of $14,000 per annum, until the 1st of July, 1854.
On the l tb ot November of ihe same year, hid successor
m office (S. D. Hubbard) ordered the annulment of the
contract, tor repeated failures to perform ogteeably to its
requirements; also to make a contract with William L.
Blanchard for service on the road, at $50,010 per annum,
to continue in force four years.
Soon after entering upon my present duties, Mr. Chor-
pennmg, ot the firm of Woodward and Choi-penning, called
at the Department, complaining that his fiim had been un-
justly dealt with iu being deprived of tlieir contract at a
lime when they were making great exertions to comply
with its provisions—exertions which had resulted in the
loss of the life of Iih partner, Mr. Woodward, by the hands
of the Indians who had infested the road.
On'an examination of the papersin the case on filein the
^Department, I came to ihe conclusion that, although the
service had been quite irregular, the defect was owing to
the difficulties of the road, occasioned by storms and im-
passable snow drifts, as well as Indian hostilities, rather
than inattention or want of effort on the part of the con-
tractors. Considering it my imperative obligation to pro-
tect contractors in the rights secured to theni by their con-
tracts, I deemed it proper and just, under these circum-
stances, to rescind the arrangement with Mr. Blanchard,
and restore the contract to Woodward and uhorpenning at
the original pay of §14,000 per aunum. I actea accordingly.
An additional season, of a weighty character, influenced
me in this decision. It was this: The postal law* prohibit
the Postmaster General from making any but temporary
arrangements for mail service without a previous advertise-
ment tor bids, the object of the statu'e being, no doubt, to
obtain the conveyance of the mails at ihe most reasonable
rates of pay by submitting it to competition. The period of
advertising called lor by the law is twelve weeks at the reg-
ular annual letting*, lour weeks at the minor letting*. In
this case a contract had been ordered, without advertise-
ment of any kind, in viola'ioti of the statute referred to, for
a full contract term of lour years, and at a very high rate of
pay. I could not consent to have such a contract t-tanri.
Entertaining, as I do, no doubt a* to the law relative to
the questions which have nris-en in regard to Mr. Blanch-
ard contract, I do not think it proper, or necessary to sub-
mit them to the Attorney General. It is only in cases
where the head of a Department is doubtful as to the true
interpretation of a law that the case is submitted to that
officer for his opinion.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL, Postmaster General.
Hon. J. B. Weli.er, United States Senate,
The question was taken on Mr. Skelton's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. PRINGLE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
Maxwell were appointed.
The committee was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the committee
rise, and report the amendments to the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. .594, making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and
had instructed him to report the same back, with
a recommendation that the House concur in some
without amendments, in some with amendments,
and non-concur in the remaining amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON, X move the previous question
on the amendments.
Mr. HENN. Will the House unanimously
consent to do me one favor, the first, I believe,
that f will have had this session. That favor is
to take up a Senate bill which is on the Speaker's
table,.for the purpose of acting upon it, in order
that it may go back to the Senate to be acted on
this session. It is a bill to create an additional
land office upon the frontier part of our State.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HENN. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that motion in
order now?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Orr temporarily occu-
pying the chair.) The motion to suspend the
rules is in order at any time when a gentleman
gets the floor. It would not be in order if the
demand for the previous question were pending.
Perhaps the gentleman from Iowa and the House,
will agree to dispense with the consideration of the
matter he desires to introduce, until the amend-
ments to the Post Office appropriation bill are dis-
posed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We shall never get
through with this bill if we continue to entertain
motions to suspend the rules.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of saving time, I suggest that the action of
the Committee of the Whole be concurred in by
the House, except as to such amendments upon
which gentlemen may desire a separate vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* The Chair would
propose, if it meets with the approbation of the
House, that the amendments be read through,and
let gentlemen ask separa&e votes upon amend-
ments as they are being read, and then the House
can vote upon those en masse to which no objec-
tion is made. Is that proposition agreed to by the
House?
[Gnes of "Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments through; and the amendments to which no
objection was made were then concurred in by the
House.
The following amendments, upon which sepa-
rate votes were demanded, were then taken up,and
disposed of as follows:
The third amendment oftheSenate, as amended,
waB then read, as follows:
For compensation to William M. F. Maaraw, for carry-
ing the mail on route No. 8911, from Independence, Mis-
souri, to Grc.it Salt Lake Oily, Utah Territory, monthly
fwh way, according to the contract under which snid ser-
vice is now being performed, the sum of $36,000 per
annum, commencing with the contract aforesaid, and in
hcu of the compensation therein stipulated, strike out the
word* " contract aforesaid," and insert in lieu thereof " on
the 18th day of August, 1854, and continuing one year;"
and at the end of the section add the following:
Procided, That the Postmaster General, with the assent
ot the contractor, be,-and he is hereby, authorized to annul
said contiaet.
Al-o, for compensation to Jacob Hall, for carrying the
mail on route No. 8912, from Independence, Missouri, to
Santa Fe, Territory of New Mexico, monthly each way,
according to the contract under which said service is now
being performed, the. sum of $-22,COO per annum for one
year from the l*tl> dny of August, 1854, Provided, That
the Postmaster General, with Hie assent of the contractor,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul said contract.
Mr. PIUNGLE demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
Tellers were then called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Elliott, of Kentucky, and Lamb were
appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out the words u contract aforesaid," and insert in
lieu thereof the words. " 18ih day of Augnst, 1854, continu-
ing one year; and add at the end thereof a proviso, so that
it will read, as follow?^:
For compensation to George {I. Giddings, for carryirg the
mail on route No. fioni Santa f'6, New Mexico, to
San Antonio, Texas, monthly each way, according to the
contract under which said seivice i  now being performed,
the sum ot .$113,500 per annum, commencing with the 18th
day of August, 1854, continuing; one year; and ifi lieu of the
compensation therein stipulated: Provided, That the Post-
master General, with the assent of the contractor, be, and
ho is hereby, authorized to annul said contract, and that
cach contractor engaged, or to bo engaged, in carrying the
mails through any ot the Territories west of the Mississippi,
shall have the privilege of occupying stations at the rate^f
not more than one for every twenty miles of the route on
which he carries a mail; and shall have a preemptive light
therein, when the same shall be brought intO market, tpthe
extent Of six hundred and forty acres, to be taken contigu
ously, and to include "his improvement; hut no such pre-
emptive right shall extend to any pass in a mountain or other
defile. " .
The question was put upon the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Sixth amendment:
After the word " provided," insert the words "that the
contract for said services he advertised by the Postmaster
General in purr-nance of existing law, and let to the lowest
bidder: Ami jrrovidedjurther, That;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3. And be it futtker enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, undhe lsjiereby, authorized to establish and
putin operation a semi-monthly mail, by sea, from San
Francisco, in the State of California, to OJympia, in tb&
Territory of Washington, touchingar Humboldt bay, Trin-
idad, and Orescent Cuy, in the State of California, Port
Orford, Gardiner City, or Umpqua, and Astoria, in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, Shoalwater bay, Port Townsend, in the ,
Territory of Washington, and at such other points as shall
be designated by the Postmaster General: Provided, That
the contract for said services be advertised by the Postmaster
General in pursuance of existing law, and let to the lowest
bidder: And provided further, That the whole cost of said
service shall not exceed the sum of $120,GOO per annum."
The question was put upon the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to^
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Tenth amendment:
Add to the amendment of the Senate the words,li Pro-
vided, The sum allowed shall not exceed $200,000;" so that
it will read :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury he instructed to examine the claim
of William It. Glover and Thomas W. Mather and their
associates, and ascertain and allow such damages as they
are entitled to in justice and equity, in consequence of the
refusal of the Postmaster General to carry into effect the
contract entered into between William JJ. Glover and
Thomas W. Mather and the Postmaster General, in 1853,
for the transpoitation of the mails on the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers, and that such damages be paid to the said Wil-
liam It. Glover and Thomas W. Mather and their associ-
ates, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated; Provided, The sum allowed shall not exceed
{#200,000.
The question was put upon the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Insert after the word " reasonable " the word " extra ;if
so that it will read :
Skc. 8- And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to Crans-
ton Laurie a reasonable extra compensation for perform-
ing the duties of two desks in the Post Office Department,
not to exceed half-pay of a clerk for the time he was so
employed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HOUSTON". I now ask the yeas and naya
upon concurring in the amendment aa amended.
.The yeas and nays wereordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 70, nays 74, as f ollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Belcher, Bell,
Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chrisman, Cook, Corwin, Cul-
lom, Cutting, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, East-
man, Edinands, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Eiher-
idge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Gid-
dings, Goodwin, Green, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Har-
lan, Harrison, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Kerr, Lamb,
McCulloch, Matteson, Mayall. Middleswarth, Morgan,
Norton, John Peikins, Reese, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Sew-
ard, Simmons1, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Andrew Smart, Tracy, Cpham, Wade, Walker, Wal-
ley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John
Wemworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler,
and Yatea—70
NAYS—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Ashe, David Jf Bailey,
Barksdale, Uncock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks,
Caskie, Clingman, Cobb, Cox, Craige, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Drum, Edgerton, Edirtundson, Ellison, Fuller,
Gamble, Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton. Sampson W. Har-
ris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Houston, John-
son, Ge'orge W. Jones, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lane, Latham,
Lilly, Lindtley, Maurice, May, Smith Miller, Mtllson,
Murray, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Peck-
ham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Pnngle,
Ready, Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, Rowe, Sage, Seymour,
Shower. Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Ilestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, John J- Taylor,
Trout, Vansant, Walsh, Witte, Darnel B. Wright, and
Hendnck B. Wright—74.
So the amendment, as amended, was not con-
curred in.
Pending the call,
Messrs. LETCHER and RUFFIN gave notice
