1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
that, had they been within the bar when their
names were called, they would have voted against
the claim, and against concurring in the amend-
ment.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled joint
resolution and bills of the following titles; which
thereupon received the signature of the Speaker:
Joint resolution for the relief of Clark Mills;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military ^Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1856;
An act to amend an act, approved August 4,
1854, entitled "An act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators;"
An act for the relief of James Holstein;
An act allowing the further time of two years
to those holding lands by entries in the Virginia
military district in Ohio, which were made prior
to the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same
surveyed and patented;
An act for carrying into effect the convention
upon the subject of claims between the United
States and Her Britannic Majesty of the 8th of
January,1853;
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty 'stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th June,
1856, and for other purposes;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Nancy Wether-
ford, widow of Colonel William Wetherford, of
the first regiment of Illinois volunteers of the
Mexican war; and
An act in addition to-certain acts, continuing
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Twelfth amendment:.
Slc. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Genera! in\ and lie is hereby, authorized to pay to Uriah P.
Monroe, Jus representative or assigns, as pay m full tor
extra mail service on the mail rouie from Saciamento to
Sha-ta, in Hh' St.ite of California, commencing October the
1st, Anno Domini 1851, and ending July the 15th, 1853, the
sum of $5,54' 66.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth and last ajnendment:
Skc. 10, Avd be it farther enae'ed, That the proper Comp-
troller of Hif Trea>ur\ , under instructions of the Attorney
Genctal, inquire whetm r the contract mode by .the Pon-
Genei >1 with William L. Blanchard for carrying
the United States mail on rotue numbered 5066, in the
year 1S5H, was violated bv the Postmaster General without
4eg.il m.d ndequ.ire cause given by said Blanchard; and if it.
wa< -o violated, tncu to a^ceitam and allow such damages
as he is entuled to in equity and justice, by reason of such
violation, and that such damages be paid to said B'ancbard
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. "SKELTON. 1 demand tellers on the
amendment
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
eleventh amendment of the Senate was rejected;
and that that motion be leud upon the table.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. 1 demand the yeas
and tiayc! oil that moiion.
The yeaa and nayo were not ordered.
Mr. BENSON, i demand tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
LAND DISTRICTS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
■he House for leave to take up and put on its
passaje Senate bill (No. 621) to change the bound-
aries of the land districts in the State of Iowa,
and for other purposes.
Mr. COX. I rise to a privileged question. _ 1
move to reconsider the vote by which the thir-
teenth Senate amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill was adopted; and that that motion be
laid upon the table.
The hitter motion waa agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Iowa to let me introduce aresolution
of about six lines in length, in reference to the
order of business. It will facilitate business, and
relieve the House.
Mr. HENN. Read it for information.
The Cleik read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That one hour, commencing at twelve o'clock
to-morrow, be set apart for the call of the States and Ter-
ritories for motions, reports, and business generally, to
which no objection may be made at any time before being
disposed of; and if objection be made it shall be held as
thouph such report, bill, or1 resolution had not been re-
ceived by the Jlouse. No member shall be entitled to the
floor but once\inder this order to make a report, or present
a bill or resolution; and further, that said call under this
resoluiion shall commence where the same was left off
yesterday 3 under the order thus made by the House for that
purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would like to have the
unanimous consentof the House to a proposition
that we commence where we left off yesterday,
and continue the call of States and Territories
until they are called through.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules for the purpose of having intro-
duced and passed the motion of the gentleman
from California.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am willing to
accept the proposition of the gentleman from
California as a modification of my resolution. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa j
asks the unanimous consent of the House to take j
from the Speaker's table, and put upon its passage,
Senate bill (No. 621) to charge the boundaries of \
the land districts m the State of Iowa, and for ;
other purpoees. i
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, there
was a call of the States the other day, but it only i
went down to New York. There it was arrested; ;
and I will insist on objecting to all bijls unul we
shall resume that call, and continue it until all the i
States and Territories shall have been called. I ■
do not care what the proposition ma|P be. I will j
submit a motion.that that call be continued. |
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Iowa 1
is upon the floor. i
Mr. HENN. As objection is made, I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose which I have
indicated.
Mr. SMITH. I will withdraw my objection
to this case, but it is the only case where 1 shall
do it.
Mr. HENN. I now move the following as a
substitute for the Senate bill:
An act to establish additional land districts in the State of
Iowa.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Strifes of America in Confess assembled,
That all that portion of the public lands in the State of Iowa
Ivmtf north ot the township line dividing township mnety-
tiiree (93) and ninety-four, (94,) and east of the range line
dividing ranges twenty-four (24) ami twenty-five, (35,)
shall constitute a now land district, to bo called the Tut key
river district. That all that portion of the public landd in
said Slate now situated m the northern land district, winch
lies north of the township line dividing townships eiuhty-
five (j?5) and eu*luy-*ix, (86 ) and not included in the Tur-
key river and Dubuque districts, shall constitute anew land
district, to be called the Fort Dodge dismet; and the name
of the northern district w hereby chanqed to, and shall be
hereafter called, the Fort ties Motne* district. That all that
portion of the public land* in -aid Slate, now lying in the
KanesviHe district, and situated north of the township line
dividing townships eighty-live (£5) and fighty-six, (8G,)
shall constitute a new land district, t«> be calif d the Sioux
river district; and the name of the Kane-vdle di-tnct is
hereby changed to, and shall be hereafter called, the Council
Bluffs district. That townships eighty-six, eighty seven,
eighty-ejqht, eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one, ninety-two,
and ninety-three, of ranges seventeen and eighteen, are
hereby attached to, and made a part of, the Dubuque land
di^lnet; and townships sixty-seven,sixty-eight, sixty-nine,
seventy, seventy-one, seventy-two, seventy-three, seventy-
four. and seventv-five, of range* thirty-two and tinny.three,
arc hereby attached to, and made a part of, ihe Chariton
land district.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States he, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
register and a reeetver of the public moneys for eaeh of the
districts respectively hereby created, who =h>iH each be
required to reside at the Mto of the respective office to which
he may be appointed, and who shall have the same powers,
perform the same duties, and be entitled to she same com-
pensation as are, or may be. prescribed by \aw, ly relation
to other land offices of the United States
Sec. 3. And be it further enaded, Tnat the President of
the United States is authorized tocau e Vnc public lands in
said districts respecuvelv, (with the exception of sections
numbered sixteen in each township, reserved for the use of
schools, or such lands as may "be selected by law in lieu
thereof, and such other tracts as may he selected fdV miliary
. or other purpose-,) to bo exposed io sn/e in the same man-
ner, and upon the same terms and conditions as the oiher
public lands or the United States.
i Sec. 4. And be it fuit/icr enacted. That the president of
, the United States is hereby authorized todesignate the sites
at which each of the several office s shall be established,
: and to remove the same io any other places within said
districts respectively, whenever, in his opinion, it may be
deemed expedient.
Sec 5. Aiul be it further enacted, That any locations, or
sales of land in either ot the districts of land now sul'jeet to
sale at Dubuque, Fort des Momcs, or Kancsville, after the
: passage of this act, and before the receipt by the land officers
respectively thereat, of instructions from the Commissioner
of the General Laud Office, under this act, shall be as good
( and valid in law as if this act had not been passed.
! Mr. HENN. I merely wish to say that this
l bill is drawn m precisely the same form with &U
, bills establishing land districts. I call the previous
: question upon it.
I Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I desire to appeal to
i the gentleman from Iowa to allow me to offer an
1 amendment, which is precisely m point. It is an
! amendment to which no one will object. I wish
I merely to give the President power to appoint a
, register and receiver in the land district of Ump-
qua, in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. HENN. I will say that, with all due
! deference to the gentleman from Oregon, I must
i decline to yield the floor to allow it to go out of
' my own hands. And I could not accept it as an
, amendment without betraying the confidence of
j the House. If it is the unanimous consent of the
; House that the amendment come in, I certainly
have no objection. Otherwise I am afraid I can-
] not accommodate the gentleman.
i Mr. LANE. I ask theconsentof the House to
hear me for a moment, and lam sure there will be
t no objection.
The SPEAKER/iro tempore. No debate is in
order except by general consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
I Mr. LANE. About two weeks ago the House
, passed a bill establishing an additional land dis-
j tnct in Oregon 
i The SPEAKER pro tempore.• The previous
' question has been demanded, and no debate is in
i order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentlema 
i from Iowa has the right to withdraw the demand
| for the previous question, to allow the gentlemaa
: from Oregon to make an-explanation.
! Mr. HENN. -I do not withdraw the demand
for the previous question. Let the gentleman
i from Oregon send up his amendment, and, if n.o
objection be made I will accept it.
i: "The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentie-
,i man from Iowa withdraw the demand for the
!! previous question to allow the amendment to b£
: ( read ?
tj Mr. HENN. No, sir; not unless I can still
h retain the floor. Let the amendment be read for
!j information.
J The amendment was read, as follows:
i! And that the President be authorized to appoint a regis-
j terand receiver for the fJmpqua land district. mtheTcrri-
1 torv of Oregon, created by the act of February 5, 1853:
Provided, That they shall not enter upon the discharge of
the r duties until the 17th of May, iS55, nor receive any
■ compensation for the intervening lane.
'! Mr. HENN. I will accept it if there be no
, objection.
j' Mr. LETCHER. I want to know exactly how
! this matter is. I do not comprehend it perfectly.
1 Does the gentleman from iowa propose to estab-
1, hsh two new land districts^
I; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ It is merely
!■ to change the boundaries of a land district.
■ Mr. LETCHER. Does it not create a new
1 land district?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes; one new one.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, now, what is the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Oregon?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The proposition
I of the gentleman from Oregon is not before the
House.
Mr. LANE. There is no objection,
Mr. CARPENTER. I object.
' Mr. HENN. Then I must insist upon the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
j main question ordered to be put.
ij Mr. SKELTON. I move that the House do
i; now adjourn.
H The question was tak?n; and ths House refused
!■ to adjourn.
