1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Henn as a substitute for the
bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I want the substitute
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object. It has been
read once, and is very long.
Mr. DISNEY. The bill is exactlyin the usual
form of bills for the creation of land districts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair calls
the gentleman to order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DISNEY. I am not debating the prop-
osition. I merely stated a fact.
The question was taken; and the amendment
Was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HENN. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed.
Mr. HENN moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the bill passed, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
PASSENGER VESSELS.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the consent of the House
to take up House bill (No. 175) regulating the
carriage of passengers by steamships and other
vessels. The Senate have returned it with several
amendments. They are unimportant. Thecom-
mittee have recommended, and I ask that the
House will concur m them without reading.
Mr. LETCHER. I object. I want to have
the amendments read.
There being no objection the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The amendments of the Senate were read by the
Clerk.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation of the previous question, the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in in gross.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in, and
also moved to lay the motion" to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MADALENA. VAN HESS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
445, entided " An act for the relief of Madalena
Van Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Van Ness,
d^cfifltScd "
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of making the mouon I have
indicated.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a very
important principle involved in this act 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (interrupting,)
The question is not debatable. .
Mr. JONES." Well, then, I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I renew my motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The bill was reported. It appropriates $9,000
to be paid out of the Treasury to Madalena Van
Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Van Ness, deceased,
on account of services rendered by him in the
seizure of goods imported inio the District of
Vermont, in violation of the laws of the United
States, during the years 1813 and 1814, while he
was collector of customs for said district, and for
which services he did not receive the award pro-
vided by law in such cases.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for tellers on the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 445) for the relief
of Mrs. Van Ness.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question being on ordering the bill to a third
reading,
Mr. WRIGHT moved the previous question.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question, was ordered to be put.
Mr. PRATT. I understood there was an
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order, the previous question operating.
Mr. PRATT, t understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright] to say there
was an amendment pending.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order, the previous question having been seconded,
and the main question having been ordered to be
put. Neither is the bill now amendable.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the House will hear one
word from me.
Mr. WALSH. I call the gentleman from Con-
necticut to order; and I call on the Chair to
enforce order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection
to the gentleman from Connecticut making an
explanation ?
Mr. WALSH and others objected.
Mr. S&ELTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the call for the pre-
vious question will be voted down, and for this
reason 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (interrupting.) It
is not debatable.
Mr. PRATT. Well, sir, I have been imposed
upon in this matter.
TheSPEAKKRpro/empore. The Chair would
call the attention of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut to the 35th rule of the House, which directs
that if any member, in speaking or otherwise,
transgress"rhe rules of the House, the Speaker
shall, or any member may, call to order, in which
case the member so called to order must sit down,
unless permitted to explain.
Mr. PRATT. I do not desire to disturb the
House, but 
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays unon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. As I understand the bill from its reading
at the Clerk's desk, H is a different bill from that
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Committee on the Judiciary report this bill
with amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. The Senate
recommended that the sum of $9,000 be paid
Mrs. Van Ness, in full satisfaction of her claim.
The bill came to this House, was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that committee
doubled the amount, upon the ground that, if she
was entitled to anything, she was entitled to full
consideration for her claim, which was §18,000,
and that was the amount recommended by the
Judiciary Committee to the House to be paid to
Mrs. Van Ness.
Mr. SEYMOUR. There was another amend-
ment that the money should be paid to the execu-
tor of Van Ness.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I desire to ask
the gentlemaa from Michigan a single question. I
merely wish to know whether the members from
Connecticut are aware that, within the last forty-
eight hours, we have voted to Mr. Sanford,a citi-
zen of Connecticut, the sum of $7,000 or §9,000
for services while acting as secretary of legation
at Paris, and that they are now objecting: to this
bill? J
Th^SPEAKER pro tempore. In the printed
bill there appears to be an amendment reported.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. 1 move to
reconsider the vote that has been taken adopting
the bill in its original shape, in order to take the
vote upon the bill aa it came from the Judiciary ,
Committee, whieh gives the sum of §18,000. The
original bill fives but $9,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The printed bill provides
for striking out" $9,000 "and inserting "§17,000,"
and for striking out " Mrs. Madalena Van Ness,"
and inserting; 'M he legal representatives of Cor-
nelius Van Ness."
Mr. CUTTING. I desire to say one word
upon this subject. I was not present at any time
during the meeting of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary when this matter was under consideration,
and was not aware of the amendment which has
been referred to. But the House willseeat once,
if the amendment proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary be adopted, that it gives to the ex-
ecutors of Cornelius Van Ness his assets, to be
distributed among his creditors; whereas the bill,
as it now stands, is for the benefit of a helpless
widow. I ask the House, then, to vote down the
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. PRATT. I should think that any gentle-
man would be opposed to a fraud.
Mr. WRIGHT. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the House must pass upon the
amendment to the bill reported by the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope that they will vote it
down.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire what bill it
is that we have been acting upon. Is it the $17,000
or $9,000 bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is the $9,000
bill which was ordered to be read the third time.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man/from Connecticut if he has not charge of
some claim against the estate of Van Ness? *
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The inquiry is
not in order, and thegentleman cannot be indulged
in making it.
Mr. PRATT. I have the charge of no claim, ,
but I have a constituent who has an honest claim
against the estate of General Van Neas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Has the previous ques-
tion been ordered ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question was demanded, and the yeas and nays
were demanded upon the passage of the bill. If
the House do not choq^jto go back and correct
the error in this matter, the Chair has no power to
compel them to do so.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the reading of the
bill again. I do not thirik that anybody knows
what it is. ■*
The bill was then read through by the Clerk
again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
call for the reading of the report made by the
committee who had-this matter m charge.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the pas'-a^e of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Smith, of Vir-
ginia, and Maxwell were*appomted.
The House was divided; &nd the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-two, (a sufficient number.)
So the y# as and nays were ordered.
_ Mr, SEYMOUR. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Am I to understand, that the bill is now
upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Has any vote been taken
upon the amendment?
The SPEAKER. There has not.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then I suggest to the Chair
that we must take a vote upon the amendment.
The committee-is not discharged from the con-
sideration of the bill, and it is only before the
House as it was reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. I have no desire to interfere with the
passage of the biil, but i think the regularity of
business requires that it should be done. The
money, if it is a debt, should be given to the rep-
resentatives of the party, and should not be given
as a charity.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that the question upon the amendment cannot be
taken, unless the House go back and recons.ider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. Ic is not in order to amend a bill upon
us passage. The Clerk could havfe no knowledge
