1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
that amendments were reported to the bill, as they
were on!v in the printed bill.
IVJr. SEYMOUR. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. WALBRTDGE. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COOK. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table
Mr. RUSSELL. I wish to kuow what has
become of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee?
^ The SPEAKER. It has been acted upon, and
was rejected.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I claim the floor, and the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Cook] could not take
it from me to make his motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
not debatable.
- Mr SEYMOUR. Why not?
The SPEAKER. Because the previous ques-
tion has been seconded, and the main question
ordered to be now put.
Mr. DISNEY. Has not the previous question
been seconded upon the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I contend that it is un-
parliamentary to go behind that and consider any
other question.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been differ-
ent in this body. The motion to reconsider has
been entertained, and the Chair entertained the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was*put; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurring upon the passage
of the bill, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered, it was put; and resulted—yeas 83,
liays 44; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Banks, Barks-
dale, Benson, Benton, Brooks, Campbell, Chandler, Clark,
Chngman, Cook, Crocker, Cuilom, Cutting, Thomas Davis,
De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Ea^roan, Edgtrton, Ed-
mands Edmundpon, Thomas D. Eliot, EUiendge, Farley,
Florence, Franklin, Fuiler, Gamble, Goodrich, Green, An-
drew J. Harlan, Wiley V. Harris, liainson, Hibbdrd, Htes-
ter, Howe, Johnson, Kerr, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Lilly, MeDoujzail, MeMullsn, McNair, Mary, Matteso;-;,
Maurice, Maxwell, Norton, 0)d<, Andrew Oliver, Morde-
cat Oliver, On, Peek, John Perkm-, Phillips, Preston,
Riddle, Rowp, Sahin, Page, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Sim-
mons, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hcsior
L. Stevens, Andrew Smart, David Stuart. John L. Tajlor,
Teller, Thurston, Upham, Vansarit, Walker, Wailey,
Walj-h. EKiiiu D. Washburne, Tappan Wenuvorth, West-
brook, Wheeler, Witlfi, Daniel B. Wright, and Ilendriek
B. Wnsnt—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Bocock, Bridget, Carpenter, Caskie,
Craige, Cum*, John G. Davis, Dawson, Drum, Dunham,
Ellison, Faulkner, Flagler, Goode, Greenwood, Aaron
Harlan, Hcndncfca, Daniel T. Jones, George. W. Jones,
Letcher, LindsOey, McCulloch, Slaedonald, Mayall, Mill-
soil, Moisan, Munay. Nichols, Packer, Pennington,Phelps,
Pratt, Ftiugle, Reese, Ruffin, Russell, Seymour, Shaw,
Singleton, ^kelton, William Smith, John J. Taylor,Trout,
and Israel Washburn—44.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE IN JACK-
SON, MISSISSIPPI*
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me about three min-
utes to have taken up and disposed of, one way
or another, a little matter which I brought before
the House a few days since, when I made thebest
speech I could upon it. It relates to the construc-
tion of a court-house in the city of Jackson, Mis-
sissippi. The Committee on the Judiciary have
had this matter undertheir consideration, and they
have unanimously reported m its favor, and they
Lave given the bill to me for thepurposeof allow-
ing me to ask the House to take it up and pass it.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
A bill to provide accommodations fortheUnited
States court, in the city of Jackson, Mississippi.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to; two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The bill v/as then taken up, and read inextenso.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 move the previous
question upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill being engrossed, was read the third
time, and subsequently passed.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia, was here recog-
nized by the Cnair.
Mr. McMULLlN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Georgia to yield to me a moment.
Mr. BAILEY. I cannot yield. I have a
matter which will consume but a moment. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take up
Senate bill No. 549, which is upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. While the Clerk
is looking for that bill, I will ask the indulgence
of the gentleman from Georgia for a moment to
allow me to 
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. *1 insist that gentlemen in the area shall
take their seats. Those who occupy their seats
have no chance in the world.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
much gratified if gentlemen would take their seats.
The Chair has talked and talked, until he is
hoarse, to prevail upon gentlemen to take their
seats, and occupy them. If they would do so,
we should get on a great deal better than we do.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move this House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman has no right
to take the floor from the gentleman from Georgia
to make that motion.
Mr. BAILEY. I ask that the bill may be
reported.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
An act appropriating money to remove the
obstructions in the Savannah river below the city
of Savannah.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
bill.
Mr. BAILEY. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of allowing me to move to
take it up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 51, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
would ask the gentleman from Georgia for the
privilege of offering the following resolution, with
a view to the economy of the business of the
House. It will save all this confusion.
Mr. BAILEY. I insist on proceeding first with
the disposition of the business which 1 have called
up.
[Cries of " Hear the resolution !" "Read it!"]
Mr. BAILEY. I have no objection to the res-,
olution being read for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
ResoUcd, That the Speaker make a call of the States and
Teiritories for motions, reports, and business generally, to
which no objection may oc made, at any time before being
disposed of; and, if objection be made, u shall be hold as
though f-ueh report, bill, or resolution had not been received
by the House. No member shall be entitled to the floor but
once under this order, to make a report, or present a bill or
resolution : and further, that said call, under ihis resolution,
shall commence where the same was left off yesterday,
under the order thus made by the House for that purpose,
and shall continue uout all the States and Territories are
called.
Mr.' EDGERTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Is the motion of the
gentleman from Georgia amendable?
The SPEAKER.. It is not.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 68, noes 63.
Mr. BANKS. I demand tellers.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Macy and
I Edmundson were appointed.
I The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 64,
noes 52. •
Thereupon (at fifteen minutes to twelre o'clock,
"p. m.) the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Fkiday, March 2, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbcrn. m
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. BADGER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
incorporate the Washington National Monument
Society; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District ef Co-
lumbia.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the Ninth Annual Repert of the
Smithsonian Institution, reported the following:
Ordered, That ten thousand additional copies of the ninth
annual report of the Board of Kegents of tlie Smithsonian
Institution be printed.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to amend that order
by adding " twenty-five hundred of which shall
be for the use of the Secretary of the said Institu-
tion."
Mr. JOHNSON. I am willing to accept that.
The amendment was agreed to; and the®rder,as
amended, was adopted.
VIRGINIA BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HUNTER. I yesterday understood the
Senate to agree, by general consent, that they
would give me a vote this morning on the bill in
regard to Virginia bounty land warrants. I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to its consider-
ation.
Mr. STUART. I want to dispose of three or
i four House bills, which will otcupy about fifteen
j minutes' time. They are of a very important
. public character, and I hope the Senate and the
| Senator from Virginia will give mean opportunity
j to do so. I gave way yesterday morning during
! the whole two hours.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia insist upon his motion?
, Mr. HUNTER. I do.
| Mr.WALKER. I have a word to say in regard
) to this matter. 1 moved yesterday to take up the
! bill. I did it under the supposition that a letter
| from the Commissioner of the General Land Ofilce
upon the subject of the bill had been printed. I
j understand that it is not yet printed. With-
out that letter, I suppose, it will not be in the
power of the Senate to consider the question intel-
ligently; and, for one, I must, in presenting the
views of one part of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, have that report.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is mistaken
in supposing that the letter of the Commissioner
! has not been printed.
Mr. WALKER. If it has been printed I have
no objection to considering the bill.
Mr. STUART. I again ask the Senator froin
Virginia to allow me to report and have passed
three or four House bills, to which no opposition
will be made. One of them is simply to extending
a law to the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. HUNTER. As soon as we have disposed
of this that bill can be reported.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill fiom the House of Rep-
resentatives to amend the act approved August
31, 1852, entitled "An act making further pro-
vision for the satisfaction of Virginia land War-
rants." It will reqaire the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in executing the act mentioned, to issue land
scrip m satisfaction of all such outstanding and
unsatisfied military land warrants, or parts of
warrants, as may be surrendered in pursuance of
its provisions, and which may have been regularly
allowed by the proper authorities of Virginia,
unless it. shall be ascertained that fraud was prac-
ticed in obtaining the allowance from the author-
ities, or unless the allowance be proved to Vie
erroneous by evidence not before the authorities,
or unless some error or mistake was committed by
