1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the register of the Virginia land office in issuing
them to improper parties.
Mr, BRODBEAD. While mjr friend from
Wisconsin [iMr. Walker] is arranging his papers,
I ask, by unanimous consent, that the Senate take
up and concur in the amendment of the House
to the bounty land bill. It will not take more than
two minutes. I do not think there will be any
objection to it. If it leads to debate I wilLgive"
way.
$ Mr. HUNTER. Let us dispose of this bill
in some way first.
Mr. BADGER. I will suggest to my friend
from Wisconsin, if there be no difficulty about
the amendment to the bounty land bill, why not
agree to it and let it be disposed of?
Mr. HUNTER. If there will be no difficulty
I have no objection.
Mr. CLAY and others objected.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Alabama
ob;ects.
Mr. WALKER. In 1852, it will be remem-
bered, Congress passed an act setting apart and
appropriating a certain quantity of land to meet
theoutstandingland warrants issued by theauthori-
ties of Virginia. The provisions of that act were
generally that the warrants issued by Virginia
prior to a particular date, which was in 1851,
should be presented to the General Land Office.
It was then made the duty of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to review the cases in
which Virginia had granted those warrants, and
if they were found to have been correctly issued
under the laws of Virginia, he was to substitute
for them scrip, which might be located in the
hands of those to whom issued, or their assignees,
upon any land of the United States subject to pri-
vate eniry. In the discharge of his duty under
that act, the Commissioner entered upon the in-
vestigation of the cases. As they were presented
to him, he went into a review of the grounds upon
which the warrants wereoriginaliy issued by Vir-
ginia, and he found ' large classes m which, in his
opinion, they had been improp^Hy issued. He
so decided, and in those cases refused to substitute
scrip for them. I have here a list of a large por-
tion of them, and to give to the Senate some idea
of the nature of the Commissioner's objection, I
will read a portion of the abstract which has been
sent to us by him. He puts down the cases.
The first is:
"John Ashbv, captain continental line, four thousand
acre s of land bounty were allowed by Governor Tazewell
in 1334, fur the seivices of this officer as a captain Tor three
yenrv.
"The Washington papers in the State Department show
that said Captain Ashby entered the service April X, 17'/6,
and resigned ins commission October 30, 1777."
Here we find that in place of this person having
served three years, and being entitled to bounty
land to the amount of four thousand acres, he
served very little over one year. I bring this class
of cases to the notice of the Senate simply that
they may see how loosely, upon how vague
grounds, the authorities of Virginia have issued
these land warrants. They acknowledged this
individual, and numerous others contained in this
synopsis, to have served three years, when, as
the evidence adverted to by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office shows, they did not serve
three, and most of them served less than one
year. Another case is that of
" William Armistead, paymaster State Line. Willi.im
Armistead held the liri' al rank afcaptcin, and as such, was
allowed, in 1733, four thousand acres of lain} bounty ftr his
services. Four thousand acrcs addition' I, for his staff ser-
vice, were granted by Governor Floyd in 1851."
This case falls within another class where
double allowance was made. One allowance was
made to the officer for hi-3 lineal rank, and another
of as much more for his staff rank, which he held !j
at the same time. They were but one term of |j
office, they were held at the same time, and yet a |i
double allowance was made. That class of cases ;j
the Commissioner has disallowed in his decision i;
—that is, he has issued scrip for the warrants ;j
obtained for the lineal rank, but refused to issue ;!
scrip for warrants issued for the staff rank. j:
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend allow me to 1!
ask whether this bill proposes to overreach the
Commissioner's decision in such cases?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir; I was coming to
that, as soon as I had presented the grounds of
the decision, to enable the Senate to judge of the
propriety of the Commissioner's action, or of the
propriety of the bill now before the Senate. There
are a great many cases specified here, but I will
read only a few more to bring to the notice of the
Senate the classes, which the Commissioner has
disallowed.
" Henry Aimes, Colonel, Continental Line.
" This claim was allowed for service from March 12,1776,
to the end of the war, by Governor Floyd, in 1851; haying
been rejected by the Executive and Council of Virginia 111
1836."
Here, again, is another class of cases. It seems,
at an earlier period, when the rights of the parties
could be more manifestly brought before the
authorities of Virginia, there were a great many
applications made for land warrants which the
Governor and Council of the State disallowed.
At a later period,so late as 1851, these cases were
brought up again betore Governor Floyd, and
there seems to have been a general sweep made of
them. Governor Floyd seems generally to have
given the warrants for double allowance, whether
the party served one or three years, and in almost
every instance there is scarcely an objection to be
found as having been interposed by him in his
allowance. The Commissioner adds on these
cases:
" No record evidence, in support of the same, was fur-
nished, not can any such be found in any accessible quar-
ter. lie was, probably, a militia officer."
Again:
"Joseph Blackwell, Lieutenant and Btigade Quarter-
master, Continental line.
" This officer was allowed (his heirs) three thousand two
hundred and MXty acres in 1^00, for Ins sei vices as lieuten-
ant from July 1, 177G, to the end of the war; and, in 18.51,
Governor Floyd granted five thousand three hundred and
thirty-three and one third acrcs of land bounty for his ser-
vices—three years—as a brigade quaitcrma->tcr.
"The'Washington Papers' show that Lieutenant Black-
well entered the s-ervice April 29,1776, and resigned his
commission •dpril 16, 1778." \
Two allowances, one for three thousand two
hundred and sixty acres, and another for five thou-
sand three hundred and thirty three and one third
acres, were made for his services, which seem to
have been less than two years when the evidence
was looked into by the commissioners. Again:
u George Brooke, Colonel Virginia State line, six thou-
sand six hundred and Sixty-Hx and two third acres of land
bounty wcio allowed in 1834, f<>r the services of this party,
as colonel, by Governor John Floyd.
"The evidence filed with the claim does not show that
said George Brooke ever held any lineal rank in the service,
but merely occupied a staff position.
"John Brent, Major Continental line. Land bounty was
allowed for his services as a captum for three years, by
Governor John Flojd, in 1834; and, in 1840. additional
allowance lor his services as major was gianted by Governor
Campbell.
"The ' Washington Papers'show that John Brent entered
the service as captain February 53, 1776; was promoted !o
a majority December 25, 1777; and resigned his commission
May 7, 1778."
That is another case where the allowance was
made in violation of the law of Virginia; and so,
without detaining the Senate, this list goes on to
a great number, in some instances showing that
the allowance of land warrants was made when
the party is shown, by the evidence, to have been
cashiered for cowardice before the enemy.
Now, sir, what is the bill which the Senate is
asked to pass into a law? What is it that is
asked for by it? This is a point which it is neces-
ary for the Senate to consider. By the Jaw of
1852, as I have said, the Commissioner is author-
ized and required to review, as he has done, the
evidence upon which these land warrants were
issued. It was found, when he came to investi-
gate them, that this vast numberof errors had been
committed Now it is proposed that this bill shall
be enacted into a law which shall deprive the Com-
missioner of the ability to look into any testimony
that was before the authorities of Virginia when
they made the allowance. This is the act which
is proposed:
" That the Secretary of the Interior b' , and he is hereby,
authorized and rrquired, 111 executing the act entitled 'An
act making further provi-ion for the satisfaction of Virginia
land wariarits,' approved August 31, 1852,to i«sue "land
scrip in satisfaction oi all such outstanding and unsatisfied
military wariants, 01 parts of warrants, as may besunen-
dewsd m pursuance of the provisions of the act aforesaid,
and which mav have been rcguiaiiy allowed by the proper
authorities of Virginia, unless it bhail be ascertained that
fraud was practiced m obtaining the allowance tnereoffrom
the said authoi ities, or unless such allowance be proved
erroneous by evidence not before said authorities, or unless
some error or mistake was committ'-d by the register of
the Virginia land office in issuing such warrants to im-
proper parties."
When a warrant is presented to the General Land
Office, and the Commissioner is asked to issue scrip
in lieu of it, in place of being allowed, as under
the act of 1852, to investigate the case ana ascer-
tain, by whatever evidence he may or can, whethef
or not it was properly issued, he will be restricted
by this bill, and be required to- allow it if it ap-
pears to have been regularly issued by the author-
ities of Virginia. He will not be permitted to
ad vert to any testi mony that was before the author-
ities of Virginia. Suppose he can shojv incontes-
tably that, under the laws of that State, the is^ue
has been wrong, the reply will be, you cannot
take that into consideration as a ground of objec-
tion to issuing the scrip, Why can I not? Be-
cause the amended law says you shall not look to
any testimony which was before the authorities of
Virginia. Therefore, if it should be manifest that
an over issue has been made under the laws of*
Virginia, the Commissioner cannot take into con-
sideration the laws themselves of the State, and
say that there has been an impropriety in the
issue. No, sir; though there has been a palpable
violation of the laws of Virginia, he must be con-
cluded and issue scrip in iieu of the warrants in
all these double allowances for lineal and staff rank
—for every class which he has rejected. Though
it may be proved, even by the evidence which was
before the authorities, that the party had not
served three years, yet he must issue the warrants.
He can look to nothing whatever which was be-
fore the authorities of Virginia. For the lif« of
me, 1 cannot see why we should do this. Perhaps
the " Washington Papers" were not before the
authorities of Virginia when they alio wed these land
warrants; and perhaps the poor privilege may be
lefc to the Government to have the Commissioner
look into them, and from them deduce the evidence
that there has been an improper allowance made;
but unless he can find it there, i can imagine
scarcely any other evidence which may not be
presumed to have been before the authorities of
Virginia, and consequently be excluded from the
view of the Commissioner in reviewing these cases.
I called upon the Commissioner of the General
Land Office when I had this subject under inves-
tigation, and he sent me a letter, in the form of a
report upon it. I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read the following:
General Land Office,February 14,1855*.
Sir: In accordance with your request, I have carefully
examined House bill (No. 742) to amend the act ap-
proved August 31, 1852, entitled "An act mafeing farther
piovision for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
and the accompanying papers, which were left by you at
this office for that .purpose, and in relation thereto have the
honor to state:
That if that bill becomes a law, it will require the issue
of scri[> in satisfaction of < laims heretofore disallowed by
this Office; in tact, it willrequire scrip to issue for all war-
rants regulaily allowed by the proper authorities of Vir-
I eima, unless it be ascertained that fraud was practiced in
i obtaining such allowance, or such allowance be proved er-
! roneous by evidence not before said authority;" or unless
some error or mistake was committed by the register of the
Virginia land office in issuing such warrants to improper
parlies. It does not relieve the Office from the duty of ex-
amining eacli case as are of original jurisdiction, for such
examination is indispensable to ascertain—
1. If the warrant was regularly allowed by the proper
authorities of Virginia.
2. Whether fraud was practiced in obtaining such allow-
ance.
3. If such allowance was erroneous, whether it can be
proved to bo so by evidence not before said authorities.
4. Whether the register of the Virginia land office com-
mitted some error or mistake in issuing such warrants to
improper parties.
But it does not require that all such cases shall be satis-
fied, however erroneous or inconsistent with the Jaws of
Virginia, unless it can he shown that fraud was practiced
i tn obtaining them, or the error in the allowance can be
j piovcd by evidence not before the authorities of ihdt r?tat".
1 What should he regarded a* framl in such ca&es ? Igno-
; ranee of existing facts might be plead, and honestly, too,
; and the decision sustained, because the intent to deceive,
; which constitutes the, traud, could not be shown. When
error has been committed, and it can be clearly shown that
. that error was caused bv the character of the testimony be-
' fore the authorities of Virginia at the tune the allowance
; wa* made, the claim must still be satisfied under this law,
j because that evidence was thus before those authorities at
j the time of «uch allowance. But suppose such evidence
! was not hefoie the Executive at the tune of the allowance,
| how can that fact be Miowu ? No record or filing has been
i kept of such evidence, so far a«< I am advised, by which it
| could he shown that certain documents, and those only,
| were before the Executive of Virginia when the allowance
! wa* made.
! The act of May 30, 1830, (vol. 4 Statutes at Large, page
! 402,) which fir?.! authorized the Issue of scrip in satisfaction
i of the<e warrants, limits the privilege to those  ♦ to whom
I the State had engaged to pay a land bounty lbr service in
| that war, (revolu'ionary,) of any description, by any law
. or resolution parsed before, and m force at the date of, the
i said deed of cession," with certain exception* therein men-
