1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Indian country, pursuant to such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Interior."
The report was concurred in. A. subsequent
message from the House of Representatives an-
nounced that they also concurred.
ALFRED G. BENSON.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution for the relief of Alfred G.
Benson. Let me say, without occupying time,
that it is simply a reference of the claim to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle. Nothing can be
allowed, if nothing is due. The position of the
man is this: He will be utterly and absolutely
ruined if some measure of redress be not passed
this session. I implore the Senate to let the resolu-
tion be taken up, and I shall immediately move to
strike out " Secretary of the Treasury," and in-
sert " Secretary of State,*' who has -in his pos-
session all the papers in connection with the sub-
ject, and upon whose judgment I think the Senate
will agree to rely. I move that the resolution be
taken up.
Mr. MASON. I am sorry to interfere; but if
the resolution is taken up, [ must oppose the
claim.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It would direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to adjust and settle, upon
principles of equity and justice, Mr, Benson's
claim for damages and losses sustained by him it)
consequence of the withdrawal of protection from
the vessels which werechartered by him previous
to August 25, 1852, to take guano from the Lobos
Islands, under the assurances of protection given
by the Executive Department.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move the amendment
which I Indicated, to substitute "Secretary of
State" for 11 Secretary of the Treasury," so that-
the former shall audit and settle this claim. The
reason for making that motion is this: the Secre-
tary of State is in possession of all the inform-
ation in relation to the matter. That information
could not be obtained in time for the action of the
Senate. The whole reference is intended to be
made to the Secretary of State, and if the Senate
have the confidence in him that I have, of course
there will be no objection to the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. MASON. When the Senator from Dela-
ware asked that the resolution should be taken
up, I said if it was taken up, I should feel it to be
my duty to state to the Senate why I think ft
ought not to pass.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my colleague give way
to a motion to lay it upon the table, and let me
try to get up the appropriation bill?
Mr. MASON. I shall not object.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that it lie upon the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The claim is this: It seems
that in June, 1852, an inquiry was made of Mr.
Webster, then Secretary of State, by James C.
Jewett, master of the bark Philomela, to know
whether American citizens could, safely to them-
selves, go to the Lobos Islands, where, it was
eaid, there was deposited guano, &Hd take that
guano for the purposes of trade. The inquiry
was further made whether protection would be
extended to them by the American Government.
Mr. Webster replied on the 5th of June, 1852,
and went into some reasoning to show that, in his
opinion, those islands had not been appropriated
by any Government; and, therefore, that all per-
sons were at liberty to go there and take guano.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a very large claim.
It can go before the court which is about to be
established. It is a very proper one to go there.
1 hope we shall go on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. MASON. It was hard upon this man to
be misled by the opinion of the Secretary of State;
but I am satisfied, and I have given it some atten-
tion, that no claim or obligation devolves upon
this Government to relieve him. If it is admitted
it will at once open the Treasury to immense
claims derived from this source. The Senator
from Delaware says that the resolution does not
admit the claim, but leaves it to the Secretary of
State to determine whether there is a claim or not.
I say that is not its construction. If it passes, it
>vjii express the sense of Congress that there is a
claim, and the extent of damages under that claim
the Secretary of State wilt adjust on-principles of
equity and justice. If the Senate want to dispose
of the subject, I will not go on; otherwise, I must
do SO.
The PRESIDENT, Does the Senator submit
any motion?
Mr BRODHEAD. I move that the subject lie
upon the taMe.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayee 19, noes 14.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. -
Mr. TOOMBS. May I ask the Senator from
Virginia for five minutes for the consideration of a
bill in which the people of this District feel a deep
interest, and to which there- is now no objection ?
Mr. HUNTER. Will it not do as well to-mor-
row ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It will not; because the bill
has to go to the House with our amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator consent to
lay it aside if it gives rise to debate?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will move myself to post-
pone it if it gives rise to debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill from
the House of Representatives to " reorganize the
courts of the District of Columbia, and to reform
and improve the Jaws thereof.'*
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whol% resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. The friends of this bill not
being able to carry the measure which they desire,
have unanimously,as far as I am informed, agreed
to accept the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Not being able to get
what they desire, they are willing to take what
this body will give them. I therefore ask the
Senate to concur in the amendments of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOT. What are they?
Mr. TOOMBS. They reserve to the present
judges their tenure, and m ike the bill simply one
to change the forms and practice of the courts.
Mr. TOUCEY. Before the question is taken
on the amendments, in order to make the bill ex-
plicit. as it was understood by the Committee on
the Judiciary, I move to add this proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to abolish the offices now held by the judges of the
sajd cucuit court, but their duties shall hereatter be a9 pre-
scribed by this act.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BUTLER. It is what the committee
meant.
The amendment wasagreed to; and the amend-
ments of the committee,as thus amended, were
adopted.
Mr. GEYER. 1 offer, as an additional section,
the following provision, which was part of the
judicial salary bill, reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate:
•And be it further exacted, That the salary of the judge of
the orphans' court of tile Distri t of Columbia be, and the
same is hereby, increased to §2,000 per annum.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. There is an amendment which
I wish to suggest, which meets the approbation of
my fiiend from Georgia. It is to strike out the
14th section of the bill as it came from the House,
which provides, by the consent of the party, for
trying offenses, not capital, without an indict-
ment, and upon an affidavit trying him by the
court without ajury, which, I think, isa violation
of the Constitution. It ought to be stricken out.
■ I move to strike out that section.
! Mr. TOOMBS. ' I agree to it.
j The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. There is one other small ob-
, jection which I wish removed. There is a pro-
vision towards the end of the second section which
provides, in case of a judgment by default where
: damages are to be assessed, that they shall be
| assessed either by the jury or the judge at the
j election of the plaintiff. 1 think that is wrong,
I and I move, therefore, to strike out the words
"or the judge may assess the damages, as the
plaintiff may elect, and enter judgment thereon as
in 6thercases."
Mr. BUTLER. This is an omission. The,
Committee on the Judiciary would have recom-
mended the striking out if they had noticed it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to the
amendment. *
The amendment was agreed to. •
The bill was reported to theSenateasateended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill, as amended, was read the third time,
and passed.
The bill, as originally passed by the House,
proposed to abolish all the existing courts in the
District, and in lieu of them to establish a court of
equity, a court of common pleas, arid a criminal
court, with new judges. It also provided for the
appointment of two persons learned in the law to
revise, simplify, and codify the laws of the Dis-
trict, and the rules and principles of practise,
pleading, evidence, and conveyancing'. . The code
prepared by them, it was declared, should be
expressed in language concise and plain, and level
tQ the understanding of a person of ordinary in-
telligence. The code was to be submitted to a
board consisting of a prescribed number, appointed
by the Corporations of Washington and George-
town, and the levy court of Washington county;
and such parts as they should approve of, be cer-
tified to the President, who.was to cause it to be
published, and to appoint a time for an election
of the citizens to vote on its adoption, and then to
be reported to Congress; and when adopted by
Congress, to be the law of the District.
The principal amendments of the Senate are to
strike out the provision for the abolition of the
office of the present judges, and for the submis-
sion of the revised code to a popular vote.
Mr. BADGER subsequently said: X wish to call
the attention of the Senate to a circumstance with*
regard to the District judiciary bill. A proviso
was inserted, on the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Toitcet,] that noth-
ing herein contained should be construed to remove
the judges of the circuit court, thereby leaving the
inference that the act intended to remove the other
judges. The word " circuit" should be stricken
out so as to leave it to read " said courts." I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to make this
correction.
There being no objection, the correction was
ordered to be made.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some, and disagree to others
of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June," 1856;
and that they agreed to other amendments of the
Senate with amendments, in which they requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the Senate agree
to the amendments of the House of Representatives
to our amendments, and that we insist on our
amendments which have been disagreed to by the
House; and ask for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Shields,
Mr. Toombs, and Mr. Welles, were appointed
the committee on the part of the Senate.
A message from the House, by Mr. McKean,
Chief Clerk, afterwards announced that they in-
sisted on their disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate, and agreed to the conference asked for
by the Senate; and had appointed Mr. Phelps,
Mr. Faulkner, and Mr. John L. Taylor, man-
agers on their part.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill from the House of Represent-
atives making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1856, and for other purp«ses, the
question being on the motion of Mr. Dobglas to
reconsider the vote by which the Seriate refused to
agree to the motion of Mr. Clayton, to strike out
the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, aid eighth sections
of the bill, being those portions providing for a
revision of the tariff.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
