THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress. 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1855.
New Series....No. 69.
amendment proposes to hand over to Mr. Riddle
of Boston, $26,000, for what? For moneys dis-
tributed and paid out by him in his " official capa-
city "at the Industrial Exhibition at London.
"Who conferred upon him official capacity? Who
appointed him to any office there? Was not this
a private affair? The Governmenthadnothingto
do with it. Why, sir, if we are to pay Mr. Rid-
dle, we must pay every mechanic who went to
any expense to send his machines there,' and we
must pay every merchant who sent his goods or
wares to the Exhibition at London. Here is an
appropriation of $26,000 to a gentleman who chose
to go on his own hook, on his own motion, to the
Exhibition at London, and claim to be an officer
of this Government to look after American goods,
wares, and merchandise. I do not wish to occupy
the time and the attention of the Senate on this
point. It seems to me that the amendment ought
to be rejected, but I have very little hope that it
will be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Our next amendment is to
add the following as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be, and are hereby, authorized and
required to credit T. Butler King, late collector and deposit-
ary at San Francisco, with the sum of .<*12.8:24 98, being the
amount of money proved to have been lost by the destruc-
tion of the custom house building and vault at San Fran-
cisco hy the tire of May, 1831.
This is in pursuance of an estimate from the
Secretary of the Treasury, who says he has
abundant evidence of the loss.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to add the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed and paid, in the manner now provided by law,
four puncipal examiners and four assistant examiners of
patents in addition to the examining force now authorized
by law to be so employed in the Patent Office; and should
the neco?sifie<; of the public service, in the estimation of
the Commissioner of Patents, require any additional ex-
amining lorce to that herein providt d, previous 10 the next
sep&ion of Congress, there muy also be appointed and paid,
m lite manner now provided by law, m addition to the) ->re-
goin^, not exceeding two principal and two assistant exam-
iners, who shall not so continue so to be employed subse-
quent to the expiration of the said next session oi Congress
without further provision of law: Provided, That the pro-
visions heretofore made by law for the return to applicants
who elect to withdraw their applications, or on any other
account, any portion of the sums which by law they are re-
quired to pay into the Patent Office fund, shall be, and are
hereby repealed, to take effect on and alter the 30th of June,
1853.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to liear some
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It is ofl'ered in accordance
with the recommendation of the Commissioner of
Patents, who says he requires the additional force.
He thinks there ought to be a provision to repeal
theallowance to patentees, if unsuccessful, to with-
draw two thirds of the fee. He thinks that pro-
vision does no good, but is an injury to the Depart-
ment, and ought to be abolished. I believe there
are now $50,000 or $60,000 unclaimed, arising
from those fees. He says the fee is small enough.
It was fixed, perhaps forty years ago, and never
raised, and if this provision be made he will be
enabled tocarry on his Department withoutcoming
on the Treasury of the United States. In this view,
the amendment was offered m accordance with his
recommendation.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me to be a great
folly to talk of the Patent Office being a seif-sus-
aining institution, when we know that within the
last four or five years enormous appropriations
have been made from the patent fund for the
extension of the building, for the use of the De-
partment of the Interior. It will sustain itself,
even if you reduce the fees; but the patent fund
will not sustain the Patent Office, and also erect
buildings for the Department of the Interior. I
move to amend the amendment by striking out the
latter clause, which proposes to repeal the laws
authorizing the return of two thirds of the fee, m
cases where the application may be unsuccessful,
or may be withdrawn.
69
On a division on the amendment to the amend-
ment, the ayes were ten.
Mr. WALKER. This matter is evidently not
understood, or I think the Senate would adopt my
amendment without difficulty. It is now proposed
to repeal the law which allows applicants for
patents to withdraw two thirds of the fee which
they paid in, if they fail to obtain a patent. The
present fee which they are required to pay is
thirty dollars, and if they fail to get a patent, or
see proper to withdraw their application, they get
back from the Patent Office twenty dollars. If the
amendment of the committee be agreed to, they
will be required to pay thirty dollars for the mere
examination and rejection of an application for a
patent. It seems to me that ten dollars is suf-
ficient for that. If the patent fund to which pa-
tentees themselves contribute, is to be frittered
away on other departments of the Government,
the Patent Office never will be self-sustaining. A
mere inspection of our legislation for the last four
or five years, will show that the patent fund has
been reduced by appropriations for the erection of
buildings for the use of the Department of the
Interior and other Departments. For one, I should
regret exceedingly, to see this right of draw-back
taken from applicants for patents. I think it
unjust to require thirty dollars to be paid for the
mere examination of an application in a case
where no patent is obtained, no benefit derived,
but where the model goes from the applicant into
the depository of rejected models.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will again put the question, and re-
quest Senators to vote. The question is un the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin to
the amendment, of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I now propose, by direction of
the Committee on Finance, to move to strike out
the following provision in the second section:
"To enable John (J. Rives to pay to th? reporters of the
House Jor the Congressional Globe, viz: William VV. Cur-
ran, William Hinck5?, Francis H. Smith, John J- McElhone,
Theodore F. Andrew-*, Charles B. Collar, and IIt.nry G.
Hayes, the snme amount of additional compensation for
reporting the debates ot' the House for the present session
i ot (Jungles as has been heretotoie paid them, .$S0U each,
$5j6U0 Provided, That the usual extra compensation shall
not be allowed to said reporters at the close of the present
eer-sion."
Mr. CLAYTON. Before the vote is taken on
the motion to strike out, I desire to movean amend-
ment to the clause to place the reporters of the
Senate on precisely the same footing with the re-
porters of the House. I do not propose to object
to striking out the appropriation for the reporters
of the House, but 1 desire before that is done to
insert anamendmentin favor of our own reporters.
Then if both should be rejected, the whole subject
will go before a committee of conference where
our own reporters will be on the same footing with
those of the House. To this I suppose there will
be no objection. My amendment is to insert, be-
fore the proviso in this clause, the following words:
And for the payment of a like sum to each of the reporters
of the Senate, namely : Richard Sutton, Dennis F.Mui-
phy. R. M. Paueison, Hemy Pardon, James J. Murphy,
and David W. Brown, $4,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on striking out the whole clause, both
the v/ords m the original bill, and those which
have just been incorporated on the motion of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to say that,
as on the motion of my friend from Delaware this
provision has been made right and equal,! hope
it will not be stricken out. 1 think it a great deal
better that this should be done here, than be paid
by resolutions from the contingent fund of each
House at the end of the session.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know why we should
make these gratuities. We have a regular contract
with Mr. Rives and his reporters, which we pay
punctually, and I do not know why we should
make these gratuities to them. It is for the Senate,
however, to say. If they begin it now, I have no
doubt it will become a constant practice.
Mr. PEARCE. The item, as it now stands In
the bill, gives to each of the congressional report-
ers of both Houses, who are paid by Mr. Rives,
under his contract, a sum of money more than the
per diem pay of every member of Congress at this
session. My colleague does not receive $800 for
his pay and mileage together at the present ses-
sion. You propose to give, as additional com-
pensation to these gentlemen, as much as you pay
to many members of the two Houses of Congress
for their entire compensation. That does not
seem to me to be fair. I shall not, however, persist
in opposition to it.
Mr. RRODHEAD. My friend from Virginia
says this isagratuity. Why,sir, onehalf of this
bill is made up of gratuities, not near so meritori-
ous as this. We have just voted a gratuity to Mr.
Riddle of §26,000 for his attendance at the exhi-
bition in London, when there was no authority.
And now objection is made to this small appropri-
ation that it is a gratuity.
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to say to my
friend from Maryland in regard to this notion
about the d tfference between a reporter and a Sen-
ator, that I would rather do the duties of a Senator
five times? over, during the session, than the duties
of a reporter for half the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the motion to strike out, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is suggested that I should
call for a division of the question. I am told there
is a mistake, and that there is a majority in favor
of the proposition. I ask, therefore, that the vote
may be taken again, and thus save the trouble of
reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again, on the suggestion of the
Senator from Virginia. The question is on agree-
ing to the motion of the Committee on Finance to
strike out certain words, the provision proposed to
be stricken out having been amended by incorpo-
i rating other words on the motion of the Senator
! from Delaware.
j Mr. GEYER called for the yeas and nays, and
I they were ordered, and being taken resulted—yeas
j 14, nays 25; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Brainerd, Chase, Geyer,
Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason, Pearce,
Thompson ol Kentucky, Toombs, 7'oucey, and Wright—-14.
NAYS—Messrs. Dadger, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brod-
head, Brown, Butler, Clay-on, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Gwin, James,
Morton, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jersey, Wade, Weller, and Weils—25.
So the Senate refused to strike out the clause, as
amended.
Mr. HUNTER. My next amendment is to
offer the following, as an additional section:
See.—. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th of June, 1855, the Secretary of State he, and he is
hoiobv, authonzed and required to cause the examination,
classification, and distribution of the clerks in the Depart-
ment ot State, in the satne manner as directed m the other
Executive departments by the provisions of the third sec-
tion ot thu act entitled tc An act making approbations for
j the civil anddiplomauc expenscsof Government," approved
' March 3, lfc.33, who shall be paid annual salaries, according
| to the act amendatory thereof, approved April 23, 1854.
1 And the whole permanent clerical force m said Department
j shall consist of three clerks of class one, two of class two,
eight of class three, eight of class four, and one chief clerk,
i in lieu of those now authorized by law. And one of said
j clerks of class four shall give bond as required by the inde-
| pendent treasury act, and make the disbursementsfor the De-
I partment, and superintend the Noitheast Executive Build-
I mg, and shall receive therefor ,$200 per annum, in addition
j to his salary of clerk of class four: Provided, That the in-
1 crease of salary hereby allowed to the Chief Clerk shall be
! construed to take effect from the 1st of July, 1853> and be
j paid accordingly."
| The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. HUNTER, in order to make the appro-
I priation for compensation of the clerks in the
' State Departmentcorrespond to this classification,
i I move to strike ^ut, in the proper place, $48,342,
'■ and insert $52,692.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to add the fol-
, lowing, as an additional eeetion:
