1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
chusetts, be selected and set apart, under the direction of
the Presidentof theUnited States, for the use of themarine
hospital of the district of Boston and Chariestown.
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That, upon the tract
so to bo. selected and set apart, there shall be erected, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, a marine
hospital for said district, of faced brick exterior walls, upon
a hammered granite underpinning, one hundred and forty
feet ion?,fi(ty-tvvo feet deep in the center, and one hundred
feet deep at the wings, and lorty-flve feet from the topof the
entrance story.
This is a provision to allow the Government to
sell its property at the Chelsea hospital, and take
the proceeds to erect another hospital at the navy-
yard, where it has the site at a better place.
The amendment was agreed to.
CONVENTION WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to lay aside, for a moment, the bill
before us, in order that we may take up and pass
immediately a bill which it is necessary we should
pass before the next steamer goes out to England.
It is a House bill to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain of
the 8th of February, 1853. I hope there will be
no objection to putting it upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill was temporarily laid aside; and
the House bill " for carrying into effect the con-
vention on the subject of the claims between the
United States and her Britannic Majesty, of the
8th of February, 1853," was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the payment of $277,102 88, theamountawarded
by the commission to British subjects, claimants
under the convention, from which there is to be
deducted, pursuant to the sixth article of the
treaty, on account of the expenses of the com-
mission, such ratable proportion, not exceeding
five jlter cent, of the whole amount awarded to
both the citizens of the United States and British
subjects, as may fee sufficient to defray the ex-
penses.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill of the House
of Representatives making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government, for
the year ending the 30th June, 1856, and for other
purposes.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Finance—to insert after
the appropriation for compensation of marshals:
And in the settlement of the accounts of the late United
State" attorney, the late marshal, and the clerk of the Uni-
ted States district court of the northern district of California,
the whole or aggregate amount of fees, compensation, and
emoluments, af the rates prescribed for said officers, sever-
ally in the second, eighth, and ninth sections of an act of
Congress, chapter eighty-six, approved September 28,1830,
shall be allowed and paid them severally for the berviees
rendered by them respecuvely prior to the 26th day of Feb-
ruary, 1853, as taxed by the judge of said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move to strikeout this clause:
<! For payment of the draft of Francis Dainese, late Uni-
ted States consul for Constantinople, of December 20,1852,
beuipfor compensation, under the act approved 11th August,
1848, nf bis services from the I6th Mny, 1849, to tile 2dth
of December, 1832, inclusive, $3,594 40."
The reasons of the committee for proposing to
strike out the appropriation may be briefly stated.
Mr. Damese was resident in Constantinople when
Mr. Porter, then United States consul, returned
to this country. Before he returned, he left Mr.
Dainese in charge of the consulate. Mr. Dainese
■was never appointed, as 1 understand, by the
Department of State, consul to Constantinople;
but merely acted by authority delegated to him by
the consul. He was, however, recognized by the
State Department as in charge of the consulate.
His claim is made up of three items. In the
first place, he charges for compensation for judicial
services. Our treaty with Turkey provided for
the performance of judicial functions by the min-
ister and by the consul, and an allowance of $1,000
a year is made by law to the minister for these
judicial services. Mr. Dainese claims that, as he
was acting as consul, he should be paid for judicial
services; but, whether rendered, or which he was
liable to render, I do not know, I consider that
he was not entitled to perform judicial services at
all. No fact is shown that he did perform them,
so far as I am informed, and I think he is not
entitled to any compensation for them.
Another item of his claim is for traveling ex-
penses. He came to this country and returned.
He expected to go back, and I believe some order
or promise was given that he should be conveyed
in a public vessel. A part of the voyage was
performed in a public vessel, and a partathisown
expense. He wishes to be allowed traveling ex-
penses. I understand from a letter of the Secre-
tary of State on this subject, traveling expenses
are never allowed to consuls. The next item is
for money expended by him to entertain Poles and
Hungarians during the revolution of Hungary.
It did not seem to us that there was a good claim
for any of these items; and, therefore, the Com-
mittee on Finance proposed to strike out this
clause.
Mr. COOPER. I am not perfectly acquainted
with the justness of these claims, but one of my
colleagues from the House, who has investigated
the subject thoroughly, has called upon me and
requested me to exert myself to prevent the clause
referred to from being stricken out. He states
that he knows that a portion at least of these
services were authorized to be performed by the
then Secretary of State, Mr. Webster; that he had
various conversations with Mr. Webster on the
subject, and that he was anxious that Mr. Dainese
should receive compensation for them. I state
this at the request of a colleague [Mr. Chandleh]
in whose judgment and integrity of purpose I have
very full confidence.
Mr. BROWN. I trust this clause will not be
stricken out. This question has undergone very
elaborate investigation m the House of Represent-
atives, and a report has been there made by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in favor of the
claim, showing, as I think, conclusively that this
gentleman is entitled to his compensation. Cer-
tainly, it seems to me that upon the statement of
my friend from Maryland there is not enough to
justify the striking out of a claim of this kind.
The bare opinions of my friend, no matter how
much weight they may be entitled to, as coming
from a solitary Senator, ought not to outweigh the
action of a committee of one House of Congress,
and the action of that House itself. I understand
from the reading of the report that Mr. Dainese
has performed very important services for the
country. While he was consul at Constantinople
he had some difficulty with the resident Minister,
which resulted in a quarrel, about which I know
very little, and care much less; but that he is en-
titled to be compensated for his services 1 think is
proved beyond all question. Without going into
an investigation of this subject, or even aoking for
the reading of the report, which is a Jong paper,
but which I shall feel myself constrained to ask
for the reading of if there be a settled purpose to
strike out this provision, I content myself with
saying that I do not think the private differences
of gentlemen ought to influence the action of the
Senate when there has been mature examination
and a deliberate report made, sanctioned by one
House. I hope the motion to strike out will not
prevail.
Mr. PEARCE. My opinion is not very great
authority; but I think the facts which I have
stated are of some consequence. There is no
mistake in this, that the Departmentof State says
it is not the practice to allow consuls traveling
expenses, and that is one item of the claim. It is
a fact, that another item in the claim is for judicial
services, which I do not think Mr. Dainese had
any right to perform, if he did perform them, and
1 doubt whether he did. The evidence of his per-
forming them has not been exhibited. Then the
third item is for moneys disbursed, not by author-
ity, but at his own motion, among Hungarians
and Poles. I do not think the provision ought to
be kept in. It certainly should' be made the sub-
ject of a private bill, and not be recognized in this
way.
Mr. GEYER. I hope the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland will not prevail.
This subject has been fully investigated by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the other House.
I have read the report of that committee, ana it is
entirely satisfactory to my mind. I have requested
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooprp-] to have it brought into the Senate in
order that it may be read here for information.
Mr. Dainese was at one time vice-consul. He
left Constantinople, having appointed some other
person—I forget his name—in his place. During
his absence an individual, by the direction, per-
haps, of the secretary of legation, violently broke
into the office and seized the papers of Mr. Dainese.
Information was communicated here to the Depart-
ment, and the whole subject was investigated by
Mr. Webster, who appointed Mr. Dainese a full
consul, and sent him back to Constantinople. All
these facts, I understand, are clear. They are not
familiar to me, but they all appear in the report
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the other
House. It seems to me to be one of the hardest
cases that has ever been presented for the con-
sideration of Congress. If, after being adopted on
deliberate consideration by the House, it is to be
rejected by the Senate merely upon the motion of
a Senator here, acting on the authority of the
Committee on Finance, without an inquiry into
the facts as reported by the House, without en-
deavoring to ascertain why it was that this gentle-
man, whose claims are now about to be repudiated,
was reappointed to a full consulate at Constan-
tinople after these occurrences at that place, it is
very singular legislation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have just come into the
Senate Chamber, and I should like to be heard
upon that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair put
the question on the^anaendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a letter of the Secre-
tary of State on the subject, which I should like
to have read. I hope some Senator will accom-
modate me by moving a reconsideration.
Mr. BADGER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the clause.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask to have the letter of
the Secretary of State read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department or State, ?
Washington, July 25,1834. >
Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 17th instant, inclosing the me-
morial, with the accompanying papers of Francis Dainese,
late United States consul at Constantinople, wnh a request
that I would lurnish the committee with any information
touching the several demands of the memorialist that may
be afforded by the files of this Department. These demands
are stated by Imn to be:
"1. For balance of expenses incurred by him for the
relief of refugees under the protection of the United States,
m the years id49-'50, and '51, $819 55. 2. For balance of
contingent expenses of the United States consulate at Con-
stantinople, in the years 1849-'50-'51, and '52, $635. 3.
For compensation under the act of August 11, I84d, at* in-
cumbent of the United States consulate at Constantinople
from May 16, 1849, to December 20, 1855, $3,594 40. 4-
For traveling expenses in the service, and by order of this
Government, $*2,85-2 60."
In respect to the first item above mentioned, it becomes
necessary to remind the committee that, after the disastrous
termination of the Hungarian compatgn, in 1849, Ko«suth,
with four thousand of his companions—Poles and Hunga-
rians--fled from Hungary, and found safety in Choumla, in
the dominions of the Sultan of Turkey. Others, who had
taken refuge at Widdin, m Bulgaria, confiding m the am-
nesty offered them by the Austrian general, sent there for
that purpose, returned into Hungary only to meet with
death m the most ignominious form.
The existing struggle between Hungary and Austria had
been watched with close attention by the people of this
country; and the Government had manifested its interest
through the attempt, on the part of the charg6 d'affaires of
the United States at Vienna, m 1848,c: to open the door of
reconciliation between theopposmg parties," which coursa
received, as was stated by Mr. Buchanan, then Secretary
of State, the entire approval of the President. Soon after,
a spcciai and confidential agent was authorized by Presi-
dent Tavlor to obtain minute and reliable information in
regard ro Hungary, and invested with full powers to con-
clude and sign a treaty with her in the name of the United
States. Public meetings were held to give evpression to
the general sympathy, and it was officially stated, by this
Department, that tins Government, in the ev«ntof the rec-
ognition ol her independence, would be most happy to
enter into commercial as well as diplomatic relations with
independent Hungary. And when the conflict was finally
determined, the deepest interest was felt among the people
of the United States in the fate of Kossuth, and his com-
patriot*. who had sought an asylum within the boundaries
ot the Ottoman Empite. The diplomatic agent of the Uni-
ted Slates was instructed by Mr. Clayton, in January, 1850,
to lutercede with the Sultan in their behalf; and it was
suggested that the President would be gratified if they could
find a retreat under the American flag ; and, it was added,
tiiat theirsafe conveyance to tlnscountry by any one of our
national ships wou'd be hailed with lively satisfaction by
the American people.
Various obstacles interfered to prevent the Immediate
fulfillment of the design. Finally, in February, lB5i, Mr.
Webster, by direction of the President, instructed Mr.
