1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
action. Looking for that, and not finding it, I
was proceeding to base my action upon the only
data before us, the proper legitimate action of a
committee of the other House of Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi allow me to say a word in ex-
planation ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I am desirous to bring the
matter to a close, but I think I owe a duty to the
honorable Senator on the floor, as well as others.
Mr. Dainese presented his claim to me when he
first came to this country, and it was at my in-
stance, more, perhaps, than any other cause, or at
least in compliance with my urgency, that he was
appointed consul, or vice consul, at Constantino-
ple, by the administration of General Taylor. He
Fresented to me about the same time his accounts,
suppose the same which make up this estimate.
Among them were accounts for contributions
made to the suffering Hungarians after their ex-
pulsion from their country. The Senate all know
that those were a class of claims which excited
my sympathies very deeply, and I engaged, in
good heart, to present them to the Government for
payment. Governor Kossuth was in the country
at that time, and I stated the matter to him, and
told him the nature of the claims, and asked him
whether they were right and just? He replied to
mc that Mr. Dainese was a man not to be trusted,
and the effect of the communication was that there
was no confidence to be reposed in him. I have,
from that time to this, preserved the matter secret
in my own bosom, but discontinued the prosecu-
tion of the claims.
Mr. BROWN. My object in speaking was to
justify the attitude I occupy in reference to this
matter. I proceeded to base my action on a
printed report coming to us from one of the com-
mittees of the other House; and inasmuch as no
committee had made a counter report, I, as a mat-
ter of course, took that as being correct. I could
know nothing of these secrets locked up in the
minds of gentlemen, and I only wish to justify
myself before the Senate and the country for
having committed myself to the support of a claim
like this.
Mr. COOPER. I do not wish to continue the
debate. I only desire to say that I never heard of
Mr. Dainese until within the last half hour; but I
have been informed that there are vouchers. I see
it is so asserted by the report of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs in the House. After what has
been said, however, I shall not occupy the attention
of the Senate in pressing this claim upon it.
Mr. GEYER. In advocating this appropriation,
1 rely with entire confidence on the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the other House.
1 will take their report, especially coming from
the member who made that report, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] and who, 1 know, reports nothing which he
does not understand.
Mr. COOPER. That is true.
Mr. GEYER. He reports this appropriation,
not for the purpose of reimbursing any expendi-
ture, not as a thing that depends upon vouchers,
but as a compensation to which Mr. Dainese was
entitled for his judicial services under the act of
Congress. If he acted as consul and rendered
those services, he is entitled to the compensation
by law. Now, without going into the inquiry, I
am content to rely upon the report made by an
honorable member from Pennsylvania in the
House of Representatives, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, that these services have
been performed; and if performed I do not under-
stand how we can refuse to pay for them because
there may be another claim, which is a private
claim, that is reported in a separate bill, not sus-
' tained by vouchers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to say, that I
presume the worthy gentleman who made that
report in the House of Representatives was im-
posed upon, as many others have been. I think
we ought to reject the claim at once.
Mr. BUTLER. I was the author of the act of
1848, conferring jurisdiction upon the Commis-
sioner to China, and the consuls in China and
Turkey. It was at that time a matter of great
difficulty and doubt how far we could take juris-
diction in foreign countries over our own citizens.
We could not do it except by treaty. But for
Buch a jurisdiction, they would be subject to the
bowstring and the summary judgments pro-
nounced in China and Turkey. Those Gevern-
ments were very willing t© give us jurisdiction over
eur own citizens in their territories, and an act
conferring that power was passed after great
deliberation. I recollect that Mr. Davis, of Mas-
sachusetts, said it was a most important tribunal
which we were creating or recognizing. It never
was dreamed, at that time, that a mere transient
person, exercising for the time being, for a day,
or a month, or six months, such functions, should
have this important jurisdiction conferred upon
him. In any point of view, it seems to me the
claim ought to be rejected.
The motion to strike eut was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Finance. It is to insert,
in the second section:
For the compensation and expenses of the commis-
sioner and the agent of the United States, under the con-
vention for the adjustment of claims between the United
States and Great Britain, at $12,000 each, for the entire
service, $24,000: Provitled, That this sum shall include
what has already been paid to either of tliem uuder JLb« said
convention.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Committee
on Finance to offer the following amendment:
For professional services additional to his regular and
ordinary ofhcial duties, rendered by the United States
attorney for the northern district of California, on behalf
of the United States, m the district court at San Francisco,
in appeals from the land commissioner to ascertain and
settle the private land claims in California from tlie June,
1853, to the 1st June, 1855, the sum of $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
amendments as additional sections:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$300,000 shall be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for
the extinguishment of the claims of the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany and Puget's Sound Agucultural Company to all of
their claims omghtsin Oregon and Washington Territories,
under the treaty with Great Britain of the 15th June, 1846:
Provided, however, That no part of said appropriation shall
be paid out until satisfactoiy evidence is produced to the
President of the United States that all and every claim
under said treaty m the Territories aforesaid can be extin-
guished for the amount thus appropriated. And the Presi-
dent of the United States shall be, arid he is hereby, author-
ized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint a commissioner with full power and authority to
negotiate for the extinguishment of said claims, who shall
also examine and report the nature, the chaiacter, and
extent of each, and the value of improvements thereon ;
and if it be found that the whole amount does not exceed
the §300,000 hereby appropnated, that amount, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, shall be paid out to the person
or persons respectively authorized to receive the same, on
a full and entire relinquishment to the United States of all
right, title, and interest in and to the said claims by the
said companies and individuals; the compensation of said
commissioner not to exceed {§3,000 per annum and his
necessary expenses, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury.
Sec.— .And be it further enacted, That on the extin-
guishment of the claims aforesaid, the President shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to take military possession of the
several forts so claimed, and to sell and dispose of the other
improvements, with a sufficient quantity of land to each,
subject to such minimum as to the commissioner aforesaid
shall appear just and reasonable, not less, however, than
$1 So per acre ; and said lands shall not be subject to dona-
tion or preemption under any existing laws.
This amendment is recommended by the Sec-
retary of State in a letter which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department of State, >
Washington, January 25, 1855. $
Sir: I herewith inclose a draft of a bill, or sections to be
added to some proper bill, providing for the purchase or
extinguishment of certain rights secured by the Oregon
treaty to the Hudson's Bay Company, Puget's Sound Agri-
cultural Company, &c., m Washington Territory. It is
very certain that if these claims and rights are not settled
by purchase, they will be the source of many difficulties
which will bo detrimental to the interests of that quarter of
the Union, and may embarrass our relations with Great
Britain. I have taken some pains to ascertain the value
of the interests which would be acquired by the proposed
arrangement. For information on the subject 1 take the
liberty to refer you to the Delegates from the Territories of
Oregon and Washington. I think those gentlemen will
concur with me in opinion that if the claims and rights in
question can be acquired for the sum mentioned in the in-
closed draft, the bargain will be advantageous to the United
States. I deem it important that something should be done
by Congress on this subject at the present session.
"Yours, very respectfully,
WILLIAM L. MARCY.
To the Hon. James M. Mason, Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate.
Mr. MASON. I will say to the Senate that, in
order to get the best information which the com-
mittee could obtain within their reach, they asked
the attendance before them of jjtieptss
Washington and Oregon Territories. Those gen-
tlemen differed in their views as to the necessity
and expediency of making the proposed purchase;
but after having heard them very elaborately, a
majority of the committee decided that there wag
such danger of collision between British subjects
and American citizens claiming under their re 
spective rights, that it would probably materially
interfere with the settlement of the Territory of
Washington; and that, as the Executive would
have the best information to survey the whole
ground, it would be safer to accede to his request;
and I was instructed, therefore, to propose this
amendment, which was drawn up at the Depart-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presume this will pass,
as a matter of course, but I am not sure that it is
correct. I am opposed to making such appropri-
ations in advance. I know we appropriated the
money under the Mexican treaty in advance, but
that was an exceptional case. I am willing to
authorize the Executive to negotiate; and if the
Executive sends an agreement here, so that we can
see it, I shall consent to pay what is reasonable,
provided I concur in opinion with him. If we
appropriate $300,000 now, and authorize other
expenses to be paid out of the Treasury generally,
of course the commissioner appointed will find,
property worth that amount. I am opposed to
making any such appropriations in advance.
Mr. TOOMBS. I concur with the Senater
from Pennsylvania. We have no information as
to the value of these possessory rights. We have
no means of knowing whether they are valuable
to us or not.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say to the Senator
that the Senate caused to be printed at the request
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, some two
or three weeks ago, the document upon which
these estimates were founded. The Secretary of
State directed Governor Stevens to make minute
inquiry into the value of these possessions and
report upon them to him. That report has been
presented in a very elaborate document, which has
been printed and laid before the Senate. It shows
that he has given close attention to the subject.
He has corrected the exaggerated estimates given
to the value of the possession of the property, by
those claiming to be entitled to it. Upon his report
this estimate is made up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am aware of that, but so
far as the real point is concerned, the report does
not show that this property is worth one dime to
us. If you buy it from this company, I suppose
it will be given to somebody else. Why the Brit-
ish traders may not as well occupy it as anybody
else, I do not see. We shall open it to the whole
world if we get it, and any one can come in and
squat upon it. Why buy it from one set of squat-
ters, and then open it to another? Even the same
people, after selling to you, may turn round and
lay claim to the land under the preemption laws,
and settle on it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will find that the
lands acquired under the amendmentarenot to be
open to preemption or donation.
Mr. TOOMBS. How long will that last? I
know what will be done. Will you exclude these
lands in Washington and Oregon Territories from
the general laws of all the lands in the United
States? No, sir; it may be done for a time, but
it will not be long before they will be thrown open
on thesametermsas all the others. Ifyouthrow
them open, on what principle should these people
be specially excluded ? This Government has
never sold a foot of land west of the Rocky mount-
ains, and, in my opinion, never will. You are,
then, simply giving $300,000 to buy the posses-
sory rights of one set of squatters to throw them
into the hands of another.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not understand
whether the Delegate from Oregon and the Dele-
gate from Washington concur in this amendment
or not.
Mr. MASON. I stated to the Senate that the
Committee on Foreign Relations had requested
the attendance of both those gentlemen, and that
the Delegate from Oregon did not think it neces-
sary to make the purchase. The Delegate from
Washington did. We heard them both very
elaborately for a whole morning.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then the Delegate from
Oregon dissents from this proposition. Now,let
| us look at this matter a little further. These
