1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was sent on another foreign mission, and dis-
charged another duty, and I only ask that he shall
be allowed what settled law and usage have given
him for the services. When he came back, he
was again ordered by the Government at home on
another mission, and performed that duty. I ask
that he shall receive the compensation which has
been generally allowed for similar services; I pro-
pose not to give a dime in extra compensation, but
to pay for services which he was by law made to
perform.
Mr. ADAMS. My remarks had application
more particularly to the original amendment. The
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, as I
understand, is to pay this minister for services
under his regular appointment, though I admit he
was not, at the same time, attending to the duties
of his regular appointment. You propose to pay
him for extra services in a different capacity, pay-
ing him for two services at the same time. That
is my objection to that portion of the amendment.
The other remarks which I made in reference to
extra compensation had reference particularly to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WELLER. I think this is rather an
unusual mode of proceeding. The claim of Mr.
Schenck has been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and that Committee are pre-
pared to report an amendment to this bill to pro-
vide for it. If that amendment be not satisfactory,
when it is offered will, in my judgment, be the
proper time and place for the Senator from Georgia
to offer his substitute; but why offer it here? This
is a simple amendment to providefor extraordinary
services rendered by Commodore Perry in opening
negotiations and commerce with Japan. That is
an independent proposition. The claim of Mr.
Schenck was before us at the last session. We
supposed then we had passed a bill which would
do ample justice to him, but such a construction
was given to that law by the Department as to
prevent him from receiving a large amount of
money which it was the design of the framers of
the law heshould receive. I think the proposition
now submitted by the Senator from Virginia ought
first to be passed upon, and then, when he offers
the amendment which has been agreed upon by the
Committee on Foreign Relations in reference to
Mr. Schenck, if it be not acceptable to the Senator,
that will be the proper time to offer his. Then I
shall be ready to meet it; but I beg the Senate not
to embarrass this amendment by tacking on to it
that which belongs to an entirely different question.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall vote against the
amendmentof the Senator from Georgia, intending
to vote for the same thing presently, when, in my
opinion, it comes properly before the Senate.
The question being taken on Mr. Toombs's
amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Cass, Chase, Cooper,
Dawson, Fcssetiden, Fitzpatrick, Font, Geyer, Houston,
Jones ofTennessee,MaHory,Morton, Pearee, Fetnt, Rusk,
Sewan], Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade,
and Wilson—23.
NAVS—Messrs. Adam?, All on,Bayard, Benjamin, Biod-
head. Brown, Butler, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Hunter
James, Johnson, Jones oflowa, Mason, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Walker, Weller, and
Wells—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate took a
recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
WILLIAM H. DE FORREST.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution to authorize the payment to
William H. De Forrest of the sum of $12,000,
for a quantity of powder destroyed at Punta
At en as.
The joint resolution had been reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-
in en t to strike out all after the resolving clause, and
insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to asceitain the value of certain
gunpowder destroyed by Commander George N. Holhns,
of the Navy of the United States, at Funta Arenas, in Cen-
*09$
tral America, in July. 1854, alleged to have belonged, at
the time, to William H. De Forrest, a citizen of the United
States, and to pay the value thereof, not exceeding, in the
whole, the sum of £12,000, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to the said William II. De
Forrest, or to whomsoever may have appeared to be the
owner of said powder at the time it was destroyed: Pro-
vided, Such owner was at the Ume a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. PEARCE. Is that for the destruction of
property at Greytown ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; at Punta Arenas, an
entirely different affair.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Maryland
inquires whether this was connected with the affair
at Greytown? It unquestionably was. This pow-
der was placed at Punta Arenas, two miles from
Greytown. Captain Hollins,. who, under the
orders of the Government, demolished Greytown,
upon reports and representations of the agents of
the Transit Company, destroyed this powder,
which was at Punta Arenas. Now, I think myself
that it involves the whole question; because Cap-
tain Hollins commanded, under the reports of the
agent of the Transit Company there, the destruc-
tion of the powder. Why they had that quantity
of powder there—$12,000 worth—I really cannot
imagine, but I shall interpose no objection to this
resolution. The whole question, I believe, is to
be referred to the Treasury Department to ascer-
tain the value of the property destroyed; but it
certainly was destroyed by Captain Hollins, at
the request of the agent of the Transit Company
at Punta Arenas, who thought it insecure there.
Mr. MASON. I am sure the honorable Senator
from California does not intend to mislead the
Senate; but this does not involve any responsi-
bility of the Government for injuries done at
Greytown. This was at Punta Arenas, out of the
jurisdiction of the Greytown people.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator must allow me
to say that the authorities of Greytown claimed
jurisdiction over Punta Arenas, and that was the
great point of difficulty between them and the
Transit Company. They attempted to exercise
jurisdiction over Punta Arenas, and the Transit
Company refused to recognize that jurisdiction.
That was one of the questions which led to the
bombardment of Greytown; and, in my opinion,
this had better be postponed.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know the prin-
ciple on which the obligation to pay for this pow-
der rests, because it may well happen that if the
Government of the United States, by its action in
the present case, declares itself to be responsible
for the conduct of one of its officers in the de-
struction of this property, it may follow that its
responsibility may extend to a great many other
things, and involve the many important questions
that grow out of the Greytown affair.
Mr. MASON. This resolution has been re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Now, the majority of the committee consider that
it did not involve any question for losses sustained
at Greytown from the bombardment by Captain
Hollins. This property was at Punta Arenas, on
the opposite side of the river. It was American
property,anditwasdestroyed by Captain Hollins,
as he stated in his evidence before the committee,
because he believed that, if it was not destroyed,
the people of Greytown would, by going there and
exploding the powder, destroy the whole property
of the Transit Company. The principle is this:
When Mr. Borland, our Minister to Centra! Amer-
ica, went through Greytown, he was, as we know,
offended and insulted by the people of that place,
and, I think, imprisoned. He felt it to be his duty
to employ a body of American citizens to protect
the property of American citizens at Punta Arenas.
He did employ a large guard, at large expense, to
protect the property of American citizens, and, at
the last session of Congress, we recognized that
act by paying the expenses. Here was an Amer-
ican officer who, as he considered in the discharge
of his duty, destroyed a small amount of Ameri-
can property for the protection of a greater
amount. The same principle is involved. We
made the payment to those who were enrolled to
protect the property of American citizens, and if
that would authorize the payment, surely this case
may be brought, within the same general principle,
Mr. PEARCE. I must say that there are few
cases in which more difficult and delicate questions
arise than ill precisely such a case as this, where
the authority of an officer of the Navy is employed
for the destruction of private property, upon con-
siderations which appear to him to be sufficient to
justify him in destroying that property, lest soma
greater evil may arise. I say that question is very
difficult to be settled, and it seems to me it is im-
possible to settle it with the consideration which
we can now give it.
Mr. MASON. I hope there will be no farther
debate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that there
is any amendment. This is an independent res-
olution altogether.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and they reported it back with an amendment, as
the Chair understands, so that the question is on
agreeing to the amendment, recommended by the
committee.
Mr. FITZPATRICK!: I' want to correct a
statement made by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, connected with the facts of this case.
Our Minister, while at Greytown, never was in
prison, although the gentleman may have come to
that conclusion. I had a very long interview with
the honorable gentleman who was our Minister
there, since his return from Greytown. He was
present at the time the man was killed, ascending
the river, and he justified the act. There was an
attempt to arrest him, and perhaps a file of men
were sent after him, but they ultimately declined
his arrest. He was perhaps confined, but volun-
tarily so, in the house of our commercial agent.
Mr. MASON. I know all the facts, and the
Senator need not detail them.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I understood the Sen-
ator'to say that our Minister was imprisoned.
Mr. MASON. I did not say so.
Mr. FITZPATRICK., Yes, sir, I understood
the gentleman to say se. ,
Mr. MASON. I said that he was' insulted,
offended, and, perhaps, imprisoned.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir, he was grossly
insulted, but not imprisoned. This is a dangerous
percedent, and I should like to know the facts
fully, upon which we are required to vote. We
ought to understand the facts of the case better as
to what was the necessity for that amount of
powder there, and for its destruction ? I should
like to have some explanation made, because it is
setting a very dangerous precedent.
The amendment was agreed to. The joint res-
' olution was reported to the Senate as amended,
; and the amendment was concurred in; the joint
j resolution was then ordered to be engrossed for a
! third reading, was read the third time, and passed;
I and the title was amended so as to read: A joint
| resolution requiring the Secretary of the Treasury
. to ascertain the value of certain powder, de-
i stroyed by order of Commander George N. Hol-
1 lins, of the Navy of the United States, and pay
the value thereof to the persons ta whom it be-
longs.
! RINGGOLD'S EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tions for consideration; which were referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested t®
communicate to the Senate copies of all rharts, maps, and
drawings, of all surveys made during the voyage of the Ex-
ploring Expedition under the command of Commander Cad-
! waiader Ringgold, United States Navy, together with the
j hydrogiapluc leports and sailing directions accompanying
them, to be printed, together with the results in the various
branches of science and natural history, meteorology, and
other phenomena, &e.
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies be for the
use of the Senate, and that five hundred book copies be
delivered to Commander C. Ringgold.
^!?o, that if the Senate shall have finally adjourned be-
fore the report of the said Secretary of the Navy, in answer
to this resolution, shall have been received, the said report
shall be &ent to the Secretary of the Senate, to be printed
and sent as above to the members of the Senate and the
officer above named.
A. G. BENSON.
Mr. BRODHEAD. On my motion this morn-
ing, a joint resolution respecting Mr. Benson's
case was laid upon the table. I am told that it is
a meritorious case, and 1 appeal to the Senate to
take it up.
The PREvSIDENT. That is not in order, un-
less by unanimous consent. The civil and diplo-
matic bill is before the Senate,
Mr, BRODHEAD. Then let a motion to re-
consider the vote be entered.
