1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109*7
statement was received. Now, if it resulted, as
has been stated, and I have no doubt of it, that Mr.
Pendleton received more as hia per diem, than Mr.
Schenck, it would follow that he had served more
days than the other; and I will add what I learned
from a conversation with those gentlemen, that
Mr. Pendleton was negotiating with a Power
within four miles of him; but they were in a state
of revolution, and his per diem was increased be-
yond that of Mr. Schenck. I will ask the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia to do me the favor
to hear what I have to say. There was no failure
of the committee. The committee fixed the per
diem, and the per diem regulated the amount; and
if one received more than another, it was because
one was a longer time engaged than the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have heard the explanation
with pleasure, and I say it is a failure confessed
by the committee. Let us see if I am wrong
about it; and if I am wrong, I will hear the hon-
orable Senator with the greatest pleasure, as I
always do. They attempted lovfix a juBt rate of
compensation to public servants in a distant coun-
try. The principle on which they fixed it was so
unsatisfactory, that the honorable chairman of the
committee has told us, over and over again, that
he proposes to remedy it. Am I right, or am I
wrong? Therefore it is a failure. Well, I say,
they reported an amendment to give twenty-five
dollars a day. Now, it turns out that twenty-
five dollars a day was nota just compensation, and
the judgment of the Senate confirmed me in that
to-day. They have voted an additional amount;
therefore, I am not alone in my opinion that the
Committee on Foreign Relations have erred. I
mean no sort of disrespect for the honorable gen-
tlemen upon that committee, for whom I entertain
the highest respect, and especially for its chairman,
fer whom I have every respect, as a friend and a
gentleman. But, I say, they have fixed a rule,
by not looking at the working of the matter, which
dees not answer the ends of public justice; and
they have honorably announced to the Senate to-
day that they want to correct the error which they
have made. I did not think their proposition
would correct it, as fully as is consistent with
justice, and I proposed to the Senate a rule which
would do that. The Senate has adopted it; and
now I only wish that the other gentleman shall
have applied to him exactly the same rule which
a majority of the Senate has said was right.
Mr. MASON. I will concede to the honorable
Senator from Georgia that he obtained this victory,
but I submit to him it was not over the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, but over the Senate.
At the last session they voted down this proposi-
tion to pay double salaries, and at this session
they have determined to do it.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to state another
reason which has occurred to me, why injustice is
done to Mr. Schenck. Previous to the passage of
that act, he had settled his accounts for expenses.
Upon the passage of that act, the Department was
authorized to receive certificates alone. As a mat-
ter of course, under the certificates, without any
regular vouchers, Mr. Pendleton could receive a
much larger amount than he could produce vouch-
ers for. That is one reason of the inequality.
The Committee on Foreign Relations did not pre-
tend to discriminate. They desired to do justice to
both of these public officers. A construction was
given to the law by the Department, which was not
anticipated by us, and which did injustice to one of
these gentlemen. That we desire to remedy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have listened with pleasure
to the explanation of the honorable chairman of
the committee, and of the honorable Senator from
California. I do not think the chairman of the
committee ought to consider a triumph of justice
as my victory. God knows I wish no victory
over any man. I simply desire that public ser-
vants shall get what belongs to them. I have
claimed no victory; I desire none. The commit-
tee adopted a wrong rule. I tried to satisfy them;
X tried to satisfy the Senate that it was wrong. I
then failed; but the result of the experiment
showed that the Senate made a mistake; and the
Senate, with that magnanimity and justice that
become the great representatives of a great coun-
try, repented of their error. That is all there is
in it. I have sought no triumph. Itis impossible
that I could aim at one, but I say that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the honorable gen-
tlemen who compose it, and who, I know, desire
to do justice, had a complicated question before
them in regard to two gentlemen who were called
upon to do extra service. They were careful of
the public money, probably over-careful of it.
Their fault was an honorable fault; they erred
upon the right side, a side upon which I could
wish the Senate to err more than they do. But
now being satisfied that they have done wrong, I
would rather applaud the honorable gentleman
for having triumphed over himself in admitting
that they had done wrong, and now wish to do
right. Sir, that is the noblest of all triumphs.
Your committee have triumphed; they have made
right triumph over wrong, and they have come
here to-day and said that the rule which was
adopted is not a good one,that it works unjustly,
it works improperly, it departed from principle;
and they have tried to remedy the mistake. I
would to God I could remedy all mistakes in that
way. Sir, he who never corrects any of his
errors has an enormous load to carry with him to
the next world, and he has lived to small purpose.
I rather admire their triumph over themselves; I
do not wish to deprive them of it. The commit-
tee have triumphed over themselves, and that is
the greatest glory. They have admitted that the
rule which they adopted has done injustice; they
have desired to correct it. I merely seek now,
as here are two gentlemen who have been in the
same grade of service, and occupied the same rank
in the new commission, to put them upon the
same footing as regards compensation. They did
the same work; they performed the same honorable
service, and I want to put them on the same basis.
I will say a word here, which if I thought other
influences might operate, I would notsay. I think,
whatever there may be of difficulty in our local
transactions, that Mr. Schenck was a talented,
honorable, and high toned representative of this
country. I have met him, when I thought he was
an Ohio man; I presume he thought I was a Georgia
man. I admit that I love my own country better
than any other; but, when Mr. Schenck went to
Rio, he was there as an American; when he went
to the De La Platte, he was an American; when
he went to Paraguay, he preserved every interest
of every part of this Republic. Commodore Perry
when he went to the Eastern seas illustrating the
great memories and the great and glorious name
which he so honorably bears, was an American,
and as an American I scorn to refuse the amount
that it costs him in vindicating the common flag of
a common country.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I have no
doubt these are all Americans, and that they are
just as patriotic as the Senator from Georgia; but
the isolated question presented here is, whether
they have already received a full compensation
for the services which they have rendered to this
Government. I said, but a moment ago, that
one of the reasons for this inequality between
Mr. Pendleton and Mr. Schenck, was found in the
fact that Mr. Schenck was compelled to settle all
his accounts for his expenses upon strict vouchers,
but by the passage of the law of last session a
simple certificate was allowed to be received. Mr.
Pendleton took advantage of that, and upon his
certificate alone a much larger amount of money
was allowed for his expenses than was allowed to
Mr. Schenck. I know, sir, that they are both
distinguished men; and from the knowledge I
have of them, I doubt not nearly all the services
in the mission were performed by the gentleman
from Ohio, to whom the Senator alludes. 1 know
him to be one of the ablest men in this country.
He has diplomatic talents of the very highest
order, and I doubt not, no matter who was asso-
ciated with him, whether that associate came
from Virginia or elsewhere, he was the master
spirit of the negotiation. I am willing to pay htm
a just and fair compensation; but I say that Mr.
Pendleton has received every dollar to which he
is entitled upon any rule either of law or justice.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to state that the Sen-
ator is mistaken. I showed at the last session that
a charge on a special mission for his service is
entitled to this amount. This amendment puts
Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendleton upon a precise
equality. They were equal in authority with the
British and French ministers in the country, al-
though one was a captain and the other a colonel.
They ought to be equal in pay. That has been
the rule of the Government for fifty years.
Mr. WELLER. The only way in which to
make them equal in pay is to pass theamendment
proposed by my friend from Virginia. It is to
allow Mr. Schenck the same compensationas was
allowed in the settlement of the accounts of Mr.
Pendleton, the gentleman from Virginia. Thatis
the only way to do justice to these gentlemen.
Mr. TOOMBS. That would not put them
exactly upon the same ground. The amendment
offered by the Senator from New York puts them
upon the true ground, that of equal pay. This
amendment, and the amendment that I offered in
the afternoon, will put both these gentlemen upon
the ground on which they are entitled to atana in
regard to their pay.
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Georgia is
assuming what I think he has no right to assume,
that the amendment which he has had placed in,
this bill, in Committee of the Whole, is going to
become a part of thelaw of the land. He will find
out whether it is or not. There are other ques-
tions to be taken upon that. I shall demand the
yeas and nays upon it in the Senate, and I shall
then appeal to the Senate to know whether, in
justice, they will allow to this officer $18,000 for
services which he never rendered.
Now, Mr. President, Mr. Schenck was a full
minister from this Government. He received his
outfit. He was in the receipt of his per annum
compensation, and while he was discharging the
duties of a Minister to Brazil he was sent upon
this special mission for which the Senator from
Georgia proposes to pay him $18 000. I shall
vote for no such thing, 1 have as high regard for
the gentleman from Ohio as the Senator from
Georgia possibly can have. He is associated with
all my early recollections. Although differing
widely in politics we were associated in boyhood,
and I would not take advantage of my position
here to inflict theslightest injustice upon him. He
is an American in every sense oftheword, whether
at home or abroad. His heart is devoted to the
best interests of the country; but thatis no reason
why we should vote in favor of allowing him com-
pensation for services which I know he has not
rendered; nor is it any reason why we should
give to the gentleman from Virginia a targe amount
he never dreamed of claiming for his services until
the Senator from Georgia got his amendment in
this bill this afternoon. Then, sir, he discovered
that there was a chance of getting an extension of
the very liberal appropriation that was made to
him at the last session.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the honorable Senator
from California allow me to correct his extraordi-
nary statement ?
Mr. WELLER. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state that Mr. Schenck,
by memorials now on the files of the Senate, and
also Mr. Pendleton, demanded these two outfits
equal to the very amount which the Senate passed
to-day. I, as a friend of Mr. Pendleton, voted
against the amendment which the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations reported at the
last session.
Mr. WELLER. I am well aware of that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to state that I voted
against the compensation which was made by the
Senate at the last session because it violated a rule
of right. It passed against my vote ssnd against
the wishes of Mr. Pendleton. It did not do him
justice. As for saying that he was put up to the
idea of getting the compensation by the amend-
ment which was made by the Senate this after-
noon, the Senator from California is wholly mis-
taken. He makes a statement in which he is
utterly at fault.
Mr. WELLER. At the last session of Con-
gress both of these gentlemen presented their me-
morials to the Senate. They were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The Commit-
tee made a report. Their amendment was agreed
to. Under the operation of that amendment, it
has been claimed that Mr.Pendleton,a gentleman
from Virginia, had received a much larger amount
of money than was allowed to Mr. Schenck, a
gentleman from Ohio; and what I say is, that at
this session of Congress, Mr. Schenck has pre-
sented his memorial, very justly complaining
against the injustice that has been done to him.
That memorial was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; but not a word, sir, had been
heard from Mr. Pendleton until theamendment of
the Senator from Georgia was put upon the bill
to-day. That is what I say.
