1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2?
I understand the Senator from Georgia to dis-
pute the facts. I assert, that although M r. Sclienck
had complained, and, as I said, very justly, and
that complaint, has been sent to the Commiitee on
Foreign Relations, and they were prepared to re-
port upon it, not one word was uttered by Mr.
Pendleton until the amendment was put upon the
bill this afternoon.
Mr. PETTIT. I must be allowed to say, in
opposition to what the Senator from California
says, that Mr. Pendleton, in private conversation,
■very early in the session, repeatedly said to me
that he should apply for further pay and compen-
sation. He said the difference between him and
Mr. Schenck was, that he had taken what he was
entitled to by the provision of last session under
a protest, but that Mr. Schenck had.rejected the
whole. He said he should come here again and
again, until a further allowance was made.
Mr. WELLER. The only way in which a
publicofiicer can complain of the action of this Gov-
ernment, is by sending a memorial to Congress
where he can have it referred to a committee. Mr.
Pendleton and Mr. Schenck came here last year
with sundry complaints, which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. They re-
ported upon it, and the Senate acted upon it. Mr.
Schenck, considering that injustice was done to
him, has come back again; but I say that, so far
as the Senate is concerned, so far as the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations is concerned, they have
never heard a word of complaint from Mr. Pen-
dleton, of Virgina, until to-night. He may have
made the statement to the Senator from Indiana,
which he says he did. I do not doubt that he
did so. He might have told other Senators that
he intended to make an application in the event
that Mr. Schenck got more money. I do not
deny that; but I say he never come before the
Senate claiming any additional compensation until
the Senator from Georgia had, to-day, an amend-
ment made, allowing Mr. Schenck $18,000 more.
I have no disposition to continue the discussion.
I have said enough to show that while I am dis-
posed to do justice to both of these public, officers,
I am not willing to allow them an amount of
money which, in my judgment, they have never
earned. An amendment was proposed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia for Mr. Schenck; that was put
upon the appropriation bill; then comes the Sen-
ator from New York—I know not whether by
arrangement or otherwise—and offers to increase
the compensation of Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to supply the Sen-
ator's lack of information. J did not know that
the Senator from New York was going to offer
this amendment. I thank him publicly for having
done so.
Mr. WELLER. Then the Senator from New
York acted upon the assumption that if the Senate
would increase the pay of Mr. Schenck to $18,000,
they would be equally liberal in giving $18,000 to
Mr. Pendleton, of Virginia. I say, Mr. President,
that Mr. Pendleton has been fully paid for all the
services he ever rendered to this Government. In
my opinion, Mr. Schenck has not been paid. In
my judgment, he is entitled to a larger compensa-
tion than was allowed him at the last session, but
not to the extent of §18,000. I cannot go with
the Senator from Georgia for that, because, in my
judgment, it would be manifestly improper; but,
Mr. President, I have no disposition to continue
the debate.
POSTROUTE AND MILITARY ACADEMY BILLS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to alter and
establish certain post routes; also, that they had
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856.
Mr. HUNTER. I have consulted with the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Shields,] and we have agreed that we had
better recede from the amendments to the Military
Academy bill, to which the House have disagreed,
so that we may close up the matter. I submit
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The Senate resumed, a8 in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the civil and diplo-
mati® appropriation bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have a document in my
hand, furnished by the State Department, which
will perhaps throw some light on this subject,
especially upon the amendment offered by my
friend from Virginia. These three gentlemen,
Mr. President, were all appointed when General
Taylor came into office. They are all highly hon-
orableand talentedgentlemen. I take it for granted
they will get all the money they want, because
they are our associates. We all respect them;
they are not like other claimants who are obliged
to set up in the galleries; they have the privilege
of this floor; they are entitled to it. They are
highly honorable gentlemen, and hence, I suppose,
from their social relation with us, they will get
pretty much what they want.
Let us take up Mr. Marsh in the first place.
He was appointed minister resident to Turkey on
the 29th of May, 1849. His pay commenced on
the same day. On the 21st of September, of the
same year, he took his departure, and on the 11th
of March, 1850, entered upon the discharge of his
duties. This document is furnished by the State
Department; and it shows us that it was notuntil
nearly one year after his salary commenced of
§6,000—I think that is the salary of the minister
resident—that he entered upon thedischarge of his
duties. He remained from spring until September
in this country, enjoying the salary before he
went; and then, I suppose he tarried in Paris or
London, or some other place, for I take it for
granted it did not take him from September to
j March to reach Turkey. Therefore, nearly one
| years' salary was received before he entered upon
the discharge of the duties of his office. That is
the case of Mr. Marsh.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suggest to the Senator to
argue that case when it comes up; that is not the
question that is now pending.
Mr. MASON. Some gentlemen of the Senate
cannot exactly keep before their minds what is
before the Senate. I offered an amendment to
make compensation to Mr. Marsh; and that is
the one to which the Senator from Pennsylvania
is alluding.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the pending question is
on an amendment to that.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state it. The Senator from New York pro-
poses to amend that amendment by making com-
pensation to Mr. Pendleton. The case of Mr.
Marsh is before the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We have an amendment
to the amendment before the Senate. I mention
these facts for the purpose of showing under what
circumstances these gentlemen were appointed to
foreign missions. No doubt they were very glad
to get them; because under the old practice, which
we have very properly abolished, they could re-
main in the country, enjoying themselves for
sometime after their appointment, and then take
their own time to get to the place to which they
were sent, and enter upon the discharge of their
duties. Now take up Mr. Pendleton. He was
appointed to the Argentine Republic in February
27, 1851. His pay began on the same day. On
the 9th of June, m the same year, he took his
departure. On the 21st of September lie arrived
at his place of destination. His salary, of course,
began the day he was appointed, arid continued
from that time. He was appointed February 27,
18.il, and reached his post in September, having
remained at home until the 9th of June, 1851; so
that during the summer he remained at home on
his salary.
Mr. Schenck was appointed March 12, 1851.
His pay began on the same dav. He took his
departure on the 8th of July, 1851, and August
9th, 1851, arrived at his post of duty. These two
gentlemen, while they were in the public service,
were directed to unite and to proceed somewhere
up the Paraguay river. I do not know how they
got up—1 suppose by canoes or boats. I do not
know how they found the country, but I think
they ought to be well paid for finding it. They
proceeded on their way, and made treaties. What
do we do? We allow them their salary- while
they are in the performance of these extra ser-
vices. Their salary goes on, and we pay Mr.
Pendleton for the extra services $13,000. Recol-
lect, sir, that is added to his regular salary, while
he is in th® service. I am willing to pay Mr.
Schenck also, but not quite $18 ,000. He received
$9,000 outfit, and $9,000 a year, and an infit also
of about p.500. To that we are now to add
§18,000, or two more outfits, becausehe happened
to visit two countries down in South America
somewhere, and make treaties. I suppose, sir,
they were Indian tribes down there, for they are
but little more, with whom he made the treaties.
Mr. Pendleton has received §13,000 besides his
regular pay as a charge. If I am correctly in-
formed that is the truth, and now we are to pay him
how much more ? Five thousand dollars moi e. I
do not know how long they were on this special
service. I do not suppose it took them more than
two months; but we are to pay Mr. Pendleton
$21,000 for making a treaty, orassisting in making
a treaty with some Indian tribes down in South
America somewhere. That is the sum and sub-
stance of it. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. SEWARD. I am somewhat surprised at
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania attacking
the late Minister at Constantinople for having re-
ceived pay, according to the law of the land, from
the time when he was appointed to the period when
he arrived at the place to which he was accredited.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to explain to
my friend from New York that I attack nobody.
I stated a fact, and then I asked whether we ought
to give the extra compensation.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly; I understood no
attack was made by the Senator except in a Pick-
wickian or senatorial sense. I wish my honor-
able friend to answer me a question. The Hon.
James Buchanan, now Envoy Extraordinaryand
Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to
the Court of St. James, received a salary equal to
between $3,000 and $4,000 while remaining in this
country after the date of his commission, and be-
fore he departed for Great Britain.
Mr. WELLEIl. What has that to do with thia
question ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. When Mr. Buchanan asks
for extra pay, we shall discuss and settle that
question.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, sir; here is no
demand for extra pay. In the next place, my
honorable friend complained because these gentle-
men have the privilege of this floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Not at all.
Mr. SEWARD. Is that their fault, or is it a
fault at all? Is a censure to be cast upon those
who have the privilege of this floor, because they
have heretofore been members of Congress ?
Mr. President, I leave the case of Mr. Marsh to
rest upon the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, that is sufficient for that purpose. I
am in favor of the amendment providing for Mr.
Marsh. What I wish to say in regard to Mr.
Pendleton is this: It is said that he has received
$13,000 of extra pav, beyond his proper pay as
charge. What Mr. Pendleton has received, under
the law of last session, is $7,000, and no more, for
his services, his extraordinary services, entirely
aside from the commission under which he was
actingas resident minister. He has received §7,000
compensation for those services, and $G,000 for
his expenses at three different courts, entirely dis-
tinct from the court or place where his original
mission was to be fulfilled; and those duties he per-
formed underthe order of the Government. Then
he has received no extra pay whatever, except
$7,000. That $7,000 was accorded to him under
a law, of the benefit of which he availed himself,
and if others did not know that he did not regard
that as a full satisfaction of his claim for these
extraordinary services, I did, from the time the
law was passed until this day. Mr. Schenck is
further alleged to have been a minister, and Mr.
Pendleton only a charge at the place where he
was accredited; but Mr. Pendleton was associaied
equally in rank, dignity,power, and authority with
Mr. Schenck in the extraordinary mission to threa
other courts at which these negotiations were held.
Therefore, he stands precisely on the same foot-
ing with Mr. Schenck; we have decided that Mr.
Schenck was entitled to the extra compensation;
and this amendment only does the same justice to
Mr. Pendleton, in extending to him the benefits of
a provision which have already been given to Mr.
Schenck.
Mr. MORTON. If I understand this question
aright, Mr. Schenck was appointed Minister to
Brazil, and Mr. Pendleton was Charge to the Ar-
: gentme Republic. During the time they were
