1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
custom for the last forty years. The Senator
from Virginia cannot show three exceptions in
that time to that rule.
Mr. PRATT. Then, if that be true, unless
the honorable Senators composing the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the Senate can show that
that has not been the general practice, I submit to
you, sir, and to every Senator on this floor
whether there is any reason why we should make
these gentlemen an exception from that general
practice. If, according to the antecedent practice
of the Government, these parties were entitled to
this outfit, I submit that there is no reason appa-
rent from anything which has been said why they
ought to be excluded from it. Unless, therefore,
that statement is corrected,. I shall vote for the
amendment.
Mr. MASON. As to the practice of the Gov-
ernment, 1 say again, there is no law to pay for
these extra services. Each case stands upon its
own merits. It is a question of quantum meruit.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never stated that there was a
law. I said it was the rule of the Government.
I have stated that Mr. Clay, Mr. Monroe, Mr.
Bayard, and the great majority of our diplomatic
agents, insucheircumstances, had that rule applied
to them. I did not say that it was universal; but
X do claim that, in a majority of cases, that rule has
been applied for forty years, and if the argument
is continued, I will produce the documents before
the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I did not say that the Senator
from Georgia stated there was a law. I say there
is no law prescribing payment for these extra
services. The Senatsr from Georgia adduced all
these instances at the last session, and he was
overruled. I repeat, sir, the case is one of quan-
tum meruit. Each Congress determines for itself
what compensation shall be given for extra ser-
vices. Take the ordinary case of our secretaries
of legation who are made chargfi d'affaires ad in-
terim, or charges who are made ministers ail inter-
im; sometimes we grant outfit, sometimes not.
If you will look at the cases you will find that
they preponderate on one side or the other, but
each case stands on its own merits. There is no
invariable usage about it. In this particular case
the cemmittee thought that in measuring the com-
pensation with the extent of the services they had
done these gentlemen justice. That is all 1 have
to say.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment,, resulted—y«aa 25* nays 15; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Brown, Cooper, Dawson, Foot, (Jeyer, Gillette, Owm,
Houston, Jones of Iowa, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, f'r.ut,
Jtusk, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Watle, and Wright—
NA.VS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Butler,
Chase, Dodge ol Wisconsin, Evans, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Slide!!, Stuart, Toucey, Weller, Wells, and Wil-
son—15.
So it was agreed to, and the question recurred
upon the amendment of the Committeeon Foreign
Relations as amended.
Mr. FOOT. I have arc amendment to offer to
the amendment. It is one which I intended to offer
before the Senator from New York offered his. It
is to strike out $4,500 and insert $9,000 so that the
compensation to Mr. Marsh, for his services in
the extraordinary mission on which he was sent
from the Government to which he was regularly
accredited to the Government of Greece, will be
#9,000 instead of $4,500. I have but a few words
to say in reference to this amendment. I am not
subject to the imputation of overtalking upon any
subject, and I have had sufficient parliamentary
experience, I believe, to have learned, long since,
better than to kill my own proposition by over-
speaking.
Mr. Marsh, while resident minister of this Gov-
ernment at Constantinople, was directed and in-
structed by the Government to proceed to the
Government of Greece to examine into certain
complaints which had been preferred against that
Government by an American citizen, touching his
rights of property and his rights of personal liberty.
Mr. Marsh, in pursuance of the instructions, went
to Greece. He was instructed to make a report
upon the case, and after making his report to re-
main subject to the further order of this Govern-
ment. lie was occupied in the investigation and
the report of the case, under hig instructions) for
eleven months and one week—twenty-five days
only short of one full year.
The character of thespecial mission upon which
he was sent, involved an unusual and extraordi-
nary amount of labor. It necessarily involved a
critical examination of the civil and criminal laws
of that country. It involved the necessity of trans-
lating and transcribing a vast amount of manu-
script testimony, judicial documents, and judicial
records from the language of the country, with
which Mr. Marsh happened to be quite familiar,
as I may say he is familiar, with most, if not all,
of the languages of Europe, modern and ancient.
AH then that I ask for this year's service, lack-
ing twenty-five days only, is the sum of $9,000.
I care not whether you call it an outfit, or a salary,
or quantum meruit. I do not wish you to depart,
in the case of Mr. Marsh, from the ordinary prac-
tice of the Government in such cases; 1 do not
wish you to depart from the rule adopted by the
Government in allowing compensation for these
extraordinary services of foreign ministers, who
are sent on extraordinary missions, outside of,
and foreign to, the Government to which they
were originally accredited. If you adopt the rule
in the case of Mr. Marsh, which you adopted last
session of Congress, of allowing the per diem of
twenty-five dollars, as in the case of Mr. Pendleton,
holding the position of charge, a lower commis-
sion than that which was held by Mr. Marsh at
Constantinople, it would amount to $8,500, within
a fraction of the sum proposed by my amendment.
If you adopt the rule of compensation which is
stated to have been the ordinary rule adopted by
the Government in similar cases, of wbar is some-
times an outfit, for a full mission, of $9,000, it
would be quite satisfactory, I presume, to Mr.
Marsh; but I may be allowed to say here that the
sum proposed by the committee, $4,500,is hardly
a remuneration to Mr. Marsh for his breaking up,
as necessarily he had to break up, his domestic
arrangements at Constantinople, and his being
obliged to dispose of a large amount of valuable
property, horses, furniture, &c , because the un-
certainty of the time which he would be required
to remain at Greece forbade his making permanent
arrangements for remaining there. This subjected
him to a larger expense than he would otherwise
have had to encounter, i trust, certainly, after
the precedents which we have had in other cases
on this bill, at the last session, and after the pre-
cedents which we have had from the commence-
ment of the Government, my proposition will
meet with the acceptance of the whole Senate.
Mr. COOPER. There is ilo possible reason
for any discrimination against Mr. Marsh. The
rule established by the Senate in the case of Mr.
Schenck and Mr. Pendleton, of course, ought to
be carried out. The services performed by Mr.
Marsh were of quite as arduous a character as
those performed by the two gentlemen to whom I
have referred, and for whom provision has been
made. I think the provision which has been
made for those gentlemen for Ihe services which
they performed, it being in accordance with the
precedents running almost from the beginning of
the Government to the present day, was proper.
As remarked by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, Mr. Marsh's mission required the examin-
ation of voluminous records, and a large amount
of testimony in a foreign language. It involved
the necessity of making himself acquainted with
the laws of that country, and fitting himself to
comprehend and advocate them. This kind of
service ought to be compensated fairly, and as
there is no rule, even that established last session
for the payment of Mr. Schenck and Mr. Pendle-
ton, but what will assure to Mr. Marsh almost
the amount proposed by the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, I trust there will be no
objection to it. It is but simple justice. It is
putting this minister on an equality with other
ministers. If we were to make a discrimination
in the same session, within the same hour, it
would involve us in an amount of inconsistency
that would be discreditable to us, to say nothing
else.
Mr. MASON. It is a very ungracious office
to assume to endeavor to administer this Govern-
ment with economy. The Senate have twice
to-night overruled the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations in making extra allowances for extra ser-
vices in foreign lands; and 1 am free to admit that
the proposition mads by the Senator from Ver-
mont is in strict accordance with the precedents
which the Senate have set. I shall vote against it.
My opinions are unchanged; but it is in accord-
ance with the precedents which have already been
set.
Mr. WELLER. I have only, to say that I
hope the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont will be adopted. From the examination
which I have given to the case of Mr. Marsh, I
have come to the conclusion that he has peformed
more distinguished services than either of the gen-
tlemen, who were alluded to a few minutes ago. I
know of no more faithful representative abroad
than Mr. Marsh. I know of no man who was
placed in a situation where he was able to render
us more efficient services. If the Senate determine
to pay from ninety to one hundred dollars a day
to foreign agents, I will join them in it. Every one
knows I am liberal in my views in regard to the
compensation of our agents, both at home and
abroad. As I desire, after awhile, to move to in-
crease the salariesof someofficers in my portion of
the country, I hope the very liberal gentlemen upon
the other side, who have been voting for these
allowances to-night, will be found voting with me.
I go for the highest sum named.
Mr. Foot's amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to appeal to the Senate to
act upon a bill which has come from the House.
It is the bill in regard to post routes. The clerks
will not have a single moment's leisure between
this and the adjournment, and I am requested to
ask the Senate to take it up and pass it now.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer some amend-
ments to that bill. I shall move a provision for
the establishment of a pest route from San Fran-
cisco to St. Louis.
Mr. MASON. I have some more amendments
which I am instructed to offer by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, to pay to secretaries of lega-
tion the difference between their salaries as secre-
tary and their salaries as charge d'affaires when
they were left in charge of the legation by instruc-
tions from the Government of the United States.
This difference of salary has always been allowed
them. The cases all stand on the same footing;
and I shall offer them at the same time, and the
vote can be taken upon, all unless same Senator
objects.
For compensation to William Rich, as acting charjrtf
d'affaires in Mexico, from the Hd day of August to the 30th
day of November, 1859, three months and thirty days,
which shall be in full for all demand for such services for
the period named, $830.
For compensation to O. E. Henderson, as acting charge
d'affaires at Paris for seven months and twpnty-mne days,
from the 1st day of July to the 27th day of November, 1S37,
which shall lie in full for all demands for such services for
th«  period named, $1,659 72.
For compensation to Iioratio J. Perry, as actins chavg6
d'affaires at Madiid, from the 3d of July to the 24th of
October, 1852, from the llth day of May to the 21st of June.
1853, and from the 4th of Sfpt^mber to the Stat of October,
J853, an aggregate period of six months and twenty-twa
days, which shall be in full for all demands for such ser-
vices lor the period named, $1,402 75.
For balance of compensation to Robert M. Walsh, aa
acting chargfi d'affaires in Mexico, m the years 1848 and
1849, which shall be in full for all demands for all such
services during that period, $8,333 33.
For compensation to Joseph Graham, United States con-
sul at Buenos Avres, as acting charg6 d'affaires at that
place, from the 3d of August to the llth of September, 1852-,
and from the 25th of November, 1852, to the 20th of March,
1853, an aggregate period of five months and ten days,
which shall be in full for all demands for such services,
$950 50. '
For compensation to Ferdinand Cox, as acting charge d'af-
faires to Brazil, from the 2d of May, to the 6th of August,
1853, a period of three months and four days, which t-hall
he in full for all demands for such services lor the period
named, $729 17.
That the Secretary of State cause the accounts of Joseph
Eve, deceased, late charg6 d'affaires of the United States
to the late Republic of Texas, to be audited and adjusted
by the proper accounting officers of the Government, and
that the amount found due thereon be paid to Betsey W,
Lve, widow of said Joseph Eve, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
All these cases have been submitted to the De-
partment of State, and the facts on which they are
founded are fortified by the Department. I sug-
gest that a vote be taken upon all together.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now offer a number of amend-
ments, which are ail of one class, for compensation
to consuls who have acted as charge d'affaires.
They have been criticised by the Department of
State, and the facts have been: verified:
