1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
For compensation to John P. Brown 00 acting charge
d'affaires at Constantinople for twelve months and nineteen
days, between the 30th day of July, 1852, and the 31st day
of January, 1854, which shall be in full for all demands for
such services for the period named, $2,116 12.
For compensation to George W. Lippitt, United States
consul at Vienna, for taking charge of the archives of the
United States legation at that place, and performing diplo-
matic services fiom the *3th day of October, to the 10th
day of December, 1852, and from the 21st day of May to
the 13th day of September, 1853, an aggregate period of five
months and twenty-one days, $1,075 10.
For compensition to Henry Savage, United States consul
at Guatemala, for his services in taking charge of and pre-
serving the archives of the former legation of the United
States at that place,and communicating to his Government
at home regularly useful and highly important information
during the several intervals offrom February, 1830, to No-
vember, 1833, from May, 1842, to November, 1848, and
from May, 1850, to February, 1854, an aggregate of four-
teen years, during which the United States had no other
diplomatic or consular agent at that place, $14,000.
For compensation to Peter Parker, as acting charge
d'affaires at Canton, in China, from the 24th day of May,
1802, to the 31st day of January, 1853, and from the 2?th
day of January, to the 14th day of April, 1854, an aggregate
period of ten months and twenty-five days, which shall be
in full for all demands for such services for the period
named, $1,805 54.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next amendment which I
am instructed by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to offer, is a very small one, of a different
character, which I can explain in a moment. It
is to add the following additional section:
Sec. —. And he it further enatted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 18">3, and for other purposes," as provided for
compensation to certain subjects of Spain, at New Orleans
and at Key West, shall be construed to embrace any losses
sustained on the same occasion by Michael Papenitza.
Three years ago Congress authorized compen-
sation to be made to certain Spanish subjects, for
losses sustained by riotous demonstrations at New
Orleans and Key West. Among the sufferers on
the occasion, was one unfortunate Austrian, who
cannot be paid because he is not a Spanish subject.
His whole claim does not exceed $200. This is
to place him in the position which he would have
©ccupied if he were a Spanish subject*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have one more amendment,
but I do not offer it by authority of the Committee
on Foreign Relations:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the ninth section of the act entitled u An act to
remodel the diplomatic and consular systems of the United
States," passed at the present session of Congress, shall be
so construed as to prohibit the appointment as consul or
commercial agent, under the provisions of said act, of any
person who may have held said office when said act passed,
and who, though not a citizen of the United States, shall
have heretofore resided therein, and shall have married a
citizen of the United States.
This is designed to effect but a single case under
the diplomatic and consular bill which was recently
passed, and has now been approved and become a
faw. That law provides that none but an Amer-
ican citizen shall be a consul or a commercial
agent. There is a gentleman abroad, our consul
at Leghorn, who, although he resided in the Uni-
ted States, and took the preliminary steps to be-
come an American citizen, had not completed them
when he went abroad. He married while in this
country a lady of South Carolina. The object of
this amendment is to make a single exception to
the general rule, and to provide that the require-
ment alluded to shall not be construed to extend
to a foreigner who has resided in the United States,
and married an American wife, and now holds
office.
Mr. BUTLER. I think this amendment will
be unanimously adopted when I make a very brief
explanation. Mr. Sanford, our late Secretary of
Legation at Paris, told me that Madame Binder—
the lady alluded to by my friend from Virginia—
had exercised a more powerful influence abroad
in favor of Americans than almost any person
with whom he had been associated. All I have
to add is that she is the granddaughter of General
Sumpter of the Revolutionary Army.
Several Senators. That is enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer sundry amendments.
The first is:
To enable the Commissioner of the Public Buildings to
provide addiuonal furnaces for the Library of Congress,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. My next amendment is:
To eonstruct suitable iron alcoves in front of tile archives
of the Library, and other repairs, in addition to the balance
of appropriation unexpended " for the repairs of the Con-
gressional Library," under the direction of the architect,
$3,500. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next is:
For the support of the public green houses, including (he
pay of the superintendent and assistants, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. PEARCE. The next:
For the erection of a suitable house for the plants re-
cently brought from Japan for the United States, $1,500,
to be expended under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
from the same committee:
For completing the publication of the works of the Ex-
ploring Expedition, $29,320.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This amendment proposes
to appropriate §29,320 to continue the publication
of the works of the Exploring Expedition which
returned in 1842. I thought that a year or two
ago we served on Captain Wilkes notice to quit,
but itseems that MonsieurTonson has come again.
[Laughter.] I know, sir, that there is great
anxiety to get the bill through, but if we are to go
on adding to it in this way, it will be as long as
the moral law.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that perhaps an explanation from the
gentleman who offers the amendment would pre-
vent a misunderstanding in regard to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let us have an explana-
tion.
Mr. STUART. I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. PEARCE. I will give as full an expla-
nation as I can. In 1842, Congress passed an act
directing the Joint Committee on the Library to
cause the reports of the Exploring Expedition to
be published. They adopted a particular form of
publication, and I directed that the works should
be published in the style in which the voyage of
the Astralabe and the Zele, a French voyage of
discovery of very great celebrity, had been pub-
lished. We have followed that form. It has so
happened here, as it has in very many other coun-
tries, that the publication of such works, being
scientific works of the highest character, has
occupied a great deal of time. One gentleman has
been employed to write memoirs upon four dif-
ferent subjects. Mr. Dana, of New Haven, for
example, wrote a work upon the Zoophytes and
the Corals, a very admirable work, which Pro-
fessor Lyell, the celebrated British geologist, when
here, declared to be the great desideratum in that
branch of natural history. He has written another
work on the geology of the cruise, and a third one.
These three works are of such a character as could
not be written in one, two, three, or four years;
he has now, however, completed the whole of
them.
Almost all the works are complete; but there
stil! remains a portion of the botany unfinished,
one volume of which has been published by Dr.
Gray. In regard to that, 1 may say that the
gentleman originally employed upon it failed to
perform his work. He left the service of the
Government in that capacity, and entered into the
military service, and went to Mexico during the
war with that country; hence we were obliged to
employ another person to write up the botany.
Dr. Gray, the most eminent botanist in this coun-
try, was employed. He has executed the work,
and it is nearly all ready for the press.
About two years ago, I did inform the Senate
that I did not expect to be obliged to call on them
for another appropriation. I could only judge
from what was told me, because I could not per-
sonally know how much it would cost to write,
print, and bind all these works; particularly as they
are illustrated bya great many valuable plates, the
engraving of which costs much money. I told the
Senate when I asked for the last appropriation,
that I believed that would finish the matter; but I
was mistaken. The information I then received
was not correct. I have on this occasion, how-
ever, taken extraordinary pains to get the most
minute information, and I have a detailed estimate,
showing the cost of the composition of the works
by the authors, of the printing by the printers, of
the binding, of the engraving of the plates and their
coloring, and, in fact, everything connected with
the expenses; and I am sure this sum will cover
the entire amount.
This, sir, is a very great work of its kind. It
is considered, particularly by scientific people, as
an honor to the country. The expedition was a
pet of General Jackson's. It never would have
gone out but for his authority. I remember very
well when objection was made in the House of
Representatives, at the time I was a member of
that body, to the Bailing of this expedition, that
two gentlemen from New York of very consider-
able influence in the House opposed it, and for a
time it was defeated.
Mr. SEWARD. Who were they?
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Cambreleng and Mr.
Jarvis. I remember, too, that a member of the
House from Rhode Island, who was consulted by
a friend of mine from Massachusetts, who was
very anxious that this expedition should sail, was
advised to go to General Jackson and use his in-
fluence with him upon the subject. He did go
down, and on returning to our parlor, in the even-
ing, my friend who had called on him for this
service was not at home, and he left his card with
this memorandum on it: " I have seen the old
man and he swears by the Eternal the expedition
shall sail." [Laughter.] Accordingly the two
gentlemen from New York the next day withdrew
their opposition, and the measure passed without
a word in the House of Representatives. Now,
I want to see the matter closed andthe publication
completed.
Mr. M ALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it:
And the Committee on the Library are authorized and
directed to cause one thousand copies of all the works of
the said expedition to be published for distribution in the
manner provided for the distribution of the works of Jeffer-
son and Adams : Provided, That the text shall be published
m octavo form, and that each volume shall not cost more
than live dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. This amendment is to pro-
vide for printing one thousand additional copies,
the cost of which, I understand, will be $160,000.
An independent resolution for that purpose was
offered in the House of Representatives a few days
ago, and it was asserted there, and I have not
heard it contradicted, that the cost of the publica-
tions connected with the Wilkes' explorations haa
already amounted to nearly a million of dollars.
Mr. PEARCE. It is an entire mistake.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, will the Senator
from Maryland state anything like an approxi-
mation to the actual cost ?
Mr. PEARCE. If the gentleman means to
include the cost of keeping the ships in commis-
sion on the service he is right. The cost has been
something like §900,000, including the amount
expended for kesping up the ships.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the cost was
about $1,000,000. The expense of the additional
printing proposed by the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Florida will be $160,000. I do not see
any necessity for the publication of one thousand
additional copies of these works for the purposes
of distribution. Distribution to whom? 1 pre-
sume that, for all the purposes of science, there
are enough in the country already, and that all
those who are capable of availing themselves of
what is contained in these works, can obtain a
copy somewhere, out of the large number already
printed.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator in a matter of fact. He assumes that there
are a large number printed. Now it so happens
that when the Committee on the Library intro-
duced the bill under which these works were ori-
ginally undertaken, a gentleman from Ohio, who
then presided over it, and who seemed to be actu-
ated by, perhaps, that spirit of jealousy which
occasionally characterizes men distinguished for
fine arts, determined that there should be but one
hundred copies printed, and there were but one
hundred copies printed, although we have the
plates from which we can print any number. Of
these one hundred copies, one half have been sent
out of the country to foreign Governments; one
half of the other half are locked up in State libra-
ries, and there are not half a dozen copies of the
work accessible in the whole country.
Mr. JOHNSON. In connection with the prop-
osition to print one thousand copies of this work,
I desire to state that the cost of the public print-
