1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
that this printing shall be done under the law reg-
ulating other public printing. Unless this be done,
you can hove no uniform method of arranging the
system. It either ought to go under the law, or
the law itself ought to be wholly repealed. I give
notice that at the proper time I shall move this
amendment:
And the same shall be printed in conformity with the
provisions of liie laws and regulations now governing the
public printing.
Mr. MALLORY. It is quite indifferent to me
how these volumes may be printed. My object is,
that, if this work shall be printed at all, it may be
published in such a way as to be beneficial to the
country at large. Hitherto I have been unable
even to get sight of one of these volumes. But
one hundred sets have been printed, and they are
stored away in the State Libraries, or have been
presented to foreign Governments. My proposi-
tion is, that, if these works shall be printed, they
shall be distributed in a manner to conform to the
distribution of Adams's and Jefferson's works, a
copy to each member of Congress, and two hun-
dred and thirty copies to different libraries through-
out the United States.
I regard this as the only work which we have
which has ever conferred on us the slightest na-
tional reputation. The exploring squadron was
sent out under the auspices of the Navy Depart-
ment. It was directed and controlled entirely by
the Navy, and it has added greatly to the fame
and character of the Navy. Hitherto the work
has been printed in accordance with these views.
It is quoted all over the earth. We have distrib-
uted copies to foreign Governments, and we are in
the daily habit of receiving from foreign Govern-
ments, not only books, but charts of foreign har-
bors; though we never contribute anything of that
sort; and until the last few years, we have not had
it in our power to give even a chart in return for
those received from foreign Governments.
My friend from Pennsylvania undertakes to un-
dervalue these works by making use of the terms,
" bugs and creeping things." Why, sir, I know
he has too much taste to base his estimate of a
work of this kind on any such ail captandnm as-
sertion. Whether it has taken twelve years to
publish the work or not, I neither know nor care:
that has not added a single dollar to the expense.
Such a work must necessarily be published in a
slow manner; it cannot be published speedily. In
order that I may be perfectly fair and accurate
about this matter, I will state frankly that the cost
of printing a thousand volumes of the books and
' plates, instead of being $105,000, according to the
estimate which I have, will be §171,000. I con-
cur in the opinion of the Senator from Maryland,
that, at that price, it will be the cheapest work of
the sort ever published. If gentlemen will refer
to the price which we have paid for printing Gillis's
report, and the reports of Sitgreaves and others, of
explorations beyond the Rocky mountains, and
compare it with this, they will see, at a glance,
that this work is the most important and the
cheapest published. I want it placed in the hands
of the people; I want it placed where newspapers
and magazines, at least can quote from it, and lay
its valuable treasures before the world.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it too much to ask the
Senate at this time to permit me to report and have
put on its passage the fortification bill, which will
give rise to no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Senator from Virginia asks the unanimous
consent te lay the pending bill aside in order to
take up the fortification bill for consideration.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the House bill
making appropriations for fortifications and other
works of defense, and for the repairs of barracks
and quarters for the year ending 30th June, 1856,
with an amendment which makes it conform en-
tirely to estimates.
The amendment was to insert at the end of the
bill:
For the purchase of additional land for defensive purposes
on Statrn Islar.d, New York harbor, §42,300; and that ail
the uncxpf'nded balances of sums appropriated for fortifica-
tions winch have not reverted and would be liable to revert
to the surplus fund on the 1st July, 1805, are hereby reap-
propnated.
Mr. HUNTER* I will state in explanation of
this amendment that it is to authorize the purchase
of a piece of land which the Government has long
coveted, and now has an opportunity of purchas-
ing. If it should miss this opportunity it may
never have it again. The provision is recom-
mended by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to tile Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in; and it was ordered that
the amendment be engrossed, and the bill ba read
a third time. The bill, as amended, was read the
third time, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL—AGAIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the civil and diploma-
tic appropriation bill, the pending question being
on Mr. Mallory's amendment to the amendment
of Mr. Pearce.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed that we had got
through with this Exploring Expedition. I found
it pending when I entered Congress twelve or thir-
teen years ago, and I believe we have been finishing
it every year since that time. The first appropri-
ation was$20,000. Thenextwas$10,000. Then,
in 1845, as has been stated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, $30,000 were appropriated for com-
pleting the work. We were at that time given
clearly to understand that with that expenditure,
making the whole amount $60,000, the work could
be finished. Since that period there have been ap-
propriated, in 1847, $15,000; in 1848, $30,000; in
1849, $30,000; in 1850,$25,000; m 1851, $25,000;
in 1852, $25,000; in 1853, $25,000; making the
whole amount $235,000, though it was understood
in 1845 that the $60,000 which were appropriated
before and at that time, would complete the work.
Mr. PEAR.CE. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, in the first place, that $20,000
were appropriated and expended by a former
Secretary of the Navy before anything was ever
done on the work, for which the Committee on
the Library are not responsible. It was before
they were charged by law with the subject. In
the next place, there was an appropriation of
$15,000, which was never paid, because it was a
double appropriation. It was not paid, the ac-
counting officer of the Treasury determining there
was only one appropriation in fact, though appa-
rently two. Then, as I said before, there were
$50,000 expended m maintaining the Patent Office
establishment. I never denied that the amount
was large. Before I sit down, I only Wish to
make one more remark, and that is, that the ap-
propriation of which the Senator speaks, in 1845,
for the completion of the work, was before I had
anything to do with it as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Library. 1 never made any such
pledge except the one which was made at the last
Congress, which I have explained.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am not arraigning the Com-
mittee on the Library. I am not arraigning any
Department of the Government. My object is
not to cast censure anywheie. If there is any
blame in the matter, it rests upon Congress for
voting the money. We have been induced each
year to vote the money on the request just to give
this one appropriation.
Mr. PEARCS. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have always understood
it so.
Mr. PEARCE. I never said so until the last
appropriation was made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not stating what the
Senator said. So far back as 1845, when only
$30,000 had been expended, the law said it was
lor the completion of the work. Then, in 1853,
we find this provision:
"For the completion of the works of the exploring expe-
dition, in pursuance of contiacts already made, §25,000:
Provided, That this appropriation shall finish the publica-
tion."
Now, sir, how is it that, after such a law as that
was passed to discharge the whole work, and for
its final completion, these writers have been em-
ployed with additional material to go on ?
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
explain ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. No writer has been employed
on any new work. I gave express orders, imme-
diately on the passage of that act, that no new
work should be entered upon. It was desired that
I should allow certain other memoirs to be printed,
but I flatly said "no." We had contracted already
for the publication of the ornithology and the bot-
any, and several other things; and it was impos-
sible for us to limit the amount of expenditure to
$25,000, unless we chose to break our contracts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I understand that the
$29,000 now asked for are to finish the contracts
made prior to that time.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir. _
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, I wish to call atten-
tion to the fact that in 1853 we were assured that
the $25,000 then appropriated would finish the
contracts entered into. Is it possible that our
contracts are written in such a way that after they
have been made you ojjnnot tell within one half
of the sum necessary to complete them ? If
$25,000 then were supposed to be required to fin-
ish them, and it now requires $29,000 in addition
for that purpose, what assurance have we that this
is not going to drag on year after year for ten
years to come with additional sums asked from
time to time?
Sir, it seems that when the entering wedge is
once driven in this business of making books,
there is no law or process by which it can be re-
strained. Without casting censure on any one,!
must say that I think it is time we arrested this
work. When we commenced, there was evidently
an impression that $20,000 was all that was neces-
sary, and, if I am correctly informed upon this
question, after the narrative was done a copyright
was given to Captain Wilkes for that narrative of
five volumes, which became his private property.
Now let us see how this operates. The Gov-
ernment sent out ships for an exploring expedi-
tion, paying all the expenses. After the officers
made their explorations and returned, and we
footed up the bills, we detailed the commanding
officer from his official duties, allowed him to go
on writing a book, the Government paying him
his salary as an officer while he was writing it,
and paying his clerks for all their copying. 1 he
Government then paid for the plates on which the
illustrations were engraved. After the whole
book was got up at the public expense, and paid
for out of the public Treasury, we gave Captain
Wilkes a copyright, and made it individual prop-
erty. Then, sir, when that is done, contracts aro
let for working up the material which was col-
lected, until there is no end to the expenditures
which are made.
It seems to me that this is one of the most enor-
mous abuses which has ever grown up under this
Government, and I do not know when or how it
can be stopped except by refusing to appropriate
the money asked for its continuance. It is evi-
dent that no law can be framed which will stop it
in any other way. Two years ago it was sup-
posed that $25,000 would discharge our liabilities
under the contracts which had been made; but
now it seems $29,000 more will be required for
that purpose. Can any man tell how much more
it is going to take under a contract as vaguely
written as that? Is it the contract that you are
going to pay them so much a line and so much a
page, and are they at liberty to write until dooms-
day ?
Mr. PEARCE. Will tho Senator allow me to
tell him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. I will tell the Senator what the
contracts are. The expedition made collections in
natural history. The direction of the law is to
publish memoirs descriptive of those collections.
The rule is, that nothing shall be described except
that which was not known before, but that all shall
be described which was not previously known.
Authors were employed, before I bad anything to
do with the Committee on the Library, to prepare
these memoirs, at a salary of $1,440 a year. The
printer is to print at so much per thousand ems,
and the binding is at so much per volume. Until
the novelties, the new specimens of natural his-
tory which this expedition collected, have been
published, the law is notcarned out; and the Com-
mittee on the Library are bound to go on and
have these new things described; and they hava
been, from the beginning, bound to have them
described as long as there is anything new to be
described in the several branches of natural his-
tory. That is the nature  f the contracts.
