1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, according to these con-
tracts , as long as these men can find anything to
do at the rate of $1,440 a year they are to go on.
Mr. PEARCE. I forgot to say, that, after
the passage of the last appropriation, I considered
that the committee were bound to restrict the pub-
lications to such as were then in hand, and I
positively forbade any new one to be entered
upon. Now, there is no abuse in this. It is the
obedience which the committee owe to the law of
Congress that directs them to do what they have
done. There is no abuse in that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to inquire
whether these writers are not at the same time
engaged in other business, and receiving salaries
for other duties?
Mr. PEARCE. Some few of them are; but they
are not paid at the rate of $1,440 a year. Indeed,
as soon as I was able, after I became chairman of
the Committee on the Library, I put a stop to
those annual payments, believing that it was an
expensive way of doing the work, and I contracted
by the job. For example, 1 made a contract with
agentleman in Philadelphia to write the ornithol-
ogy for about §3,000, which is §5,000 or $6,000
less than the cost would have been if I had em-
rloyed somebody else, to write by the year. So
have done in regard to others.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We see, then, that this work
has been kept on because the Committee on the
Library conceived themselves compelled, under
the law to which the Senator has alluded, to have
everything new which was collected by this ex-
ploring expedition described. They have not
been able to form any estimate of the cost, because
they did not know what was new, and how long it
would take these men to describe what was new.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 told the Senate that I had
an estimate here. It shows precisely the whole
amount required for the work.
Mr. DOUGLAS. How much?
Mr. PEARCE. The amount stated in' the
amendment—£29,320.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the Senator has
just as good authority for that estimate as he had
for the $25,000 estimate two years ago.
Mr. PEARCE. I never had such an estimate
before.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is the very difficulty.
The confident expectation was impressed upon us
then that that sum was to complete the work;
now the amount is more than doubled; and I ask,
when is this to stop, unless we withhold the
money. I am told it will stop when they get
through. That is just the objection I make, that
we cannot get through. The fact is, that as long
as we allow these officers, after having been sent
off on an expedition, to be here, out of their regu-
lar sphere, on special duty, to lobby about these
Halls, we shall never get through. My objection
is, that a naval officer gets a job of this kind,
abandons his duty in the service, gets into Wash-
ington on special duty, where he can lobby and
obtain jobs for life, and never get through with
them.
Sir, it is unjust to the Navy; it is ruinous to the
service; and it will never stop until we rebuke
these applications upon Congress. What are
your naval officers worth when detailed here for
twelve years, with a quill behind the ear, instead
of being on board ship and going to sea, where
they ought to be, on service. It produces a desire
on the part of other officers to get detailed for a
short time-on explorations, and then go to book-
making, and acquire a reputation for scientific or
literary attainments. Sir, it is this system which
is destroying your Navy, and it will destroy your
Army, if you allow it to go on. I think it is time
to cut loose at once from the whole system.
Otherwise we shall have to go on until the end of
time. I know no other way to stop it, but to
withhold the money.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I concur with
my friend from Illinois, that the time has come to
put a stop to the whole business of book making
by the Government. It has grown into a mon-
strous abuse, and it is becoming greater every day.
Why, sir, in thiscase, the author of the book was
first paid by the Government at enormous expense
to get up the material, and then he was allowed a
copyright.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask leave to explain on that
point, if the Senator will allow me, for I neglected
to do so in reply to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not responsible for any-
thing that was done on that score; but this much
I feel it due to say in justice to Captain Wilkes.
I learned the fact from Mr. Tappan, the former
chairman of the Library Committee of this House.
He told me that Captain Wilkes wrote his Nar-
rative out of office hours. He was regularly em-
ployed during office hours in the other business of
the expedition; the publication of charts which
have proved of immense value to the country, and
are in great demand by the mercantile marine, as
well as the vessels of our Navy. Out of office
hours, in the hours usually devoted to gaiety and
amusement, he wrote his Narrative, and on that
account Mr. Tappan allowed him to take out a
copyright for it. That is all I have to say on
that score.
Mr. BROWN. Well, Mr. President, if the
book has been written out of office hours, I take
it for granted, without looking at it, that it is a
very badly written book; because the man who
performs his official duties well and only takes up
little scraps of time that are usually given to rec-
reation, to write a book, will not be apt, in my
opinion, to write a very good book. Still, it does
not avoid the objection. Here was an officer in
the regular pay of the Government, sent out at a
large expense, and while thus engaged in the
service of the country, he gathered a large quantity
of material. He came home, and in the service
and pay of the Government went to work and
wrote his book. The Government, at enormous
expense, prepared the plates to accompany the
publication of it, and then they gave him the copy-
right. With all this he is not satisfied, but comes
back and asks us to publish another edition for
him.
When, sir, is this to stop? You publish two
or three hundred thousand copies a year of the
Patent Office Report, one of the greatest humbugs,
in my opinion, that was ever palmed off on an in-
telligent people. You publish other books, and I
observe of late that many of them are full of
pictures. There is a picture on almost every other
page—mere toys, got up at the expense of the
public to amuse children. Why, sir, look at your
books, they are full of the pictures of snakes and
frogs, and of every indescribable thing on the face
of the earth, and in the water below the earth;
and all this is done at the expense of the national
Treasury. What have we noticed during this
winter? Not content with getting up pictures at
public expense, they have got to painting them at
public expense. Now you have a Patent Office
Report with beautifully engraved pictures of straw-
berties and flowers; and all such ridiculous non-
sense as that is crammed into thebook, to multiply
the expense of it. IIow is the national intelli-
gence increased by such expenditures of money?
IIow is the great national mind expanded by these
publications? Notatall.
Let me tell you, sir, that whenever a book is
worth publishing at all, the enterprising American
publishers will put it in print, and place it in the
bookstores to be sold. Whenever you find men
knocking at the doors of Congress for the publi-
cation of a book, you have internal evidence of
the fact that the book is not worth publishing, that
the copyright cannot be sold to an American pub-
lisher. Books are published at the national ex-
pense, and our constituents send here to get them,
and we compliment them by sending a copy
through the mail free of postage. Your mail is
literally broken down under the weight of the free
matter which is sent out from Congress at the
public expense. Not less than from two to five
tons a day during this session have gone out from
this city, weighing down the mail, depriving honest
tax-payers of the benefit to which they are entitled
from the mail service.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask my friend
whether the mails could be burdened in any other
way more generally conducive to the interests of
the country ?
Mr. BROWN. I think they could. Let them
be used for the purpose for which they were es-
tablished, to carry mailable matter, newspapers
bought by honest people and paid for, and letters
sent by honest men to honest, fair correspondents.
Why, sir, this thing has grown to be enormous,
and it is increasing on us every day. I think it
is time to put a stop to it. I do not want to send
any picture-books to my constituents. There are
only two booka which I would vote to print at
public expense, and i am prepared to stop the
printing of all others here until weshall have sup-
plied every man, woman, and child with a bible
and Webster's spelling book. They are standard
works. The whole Christian world has approved
them.
A Senator. And Hickey's Constitution.
Mr. BROWN. We have published the Con-
stitution of the United States pretty extensively
already, and I think we have nearly got through
with that; but Webster's Spelling Book and the
Bible are standard works. I am prepared to pub-
lish them at the public expense, and then stop.
As to Wilkes's book, I am against that.
Mr. PEARCE. I am very sorry to have to
trouble the Senate so much, but I am sure I am
more troubled than the rest of the body, and,
therefore, I may be excused for saying a few words
more.
The Narrative of Captain Wilkes is in five vol-
umes. There are no expensive colored plates to
§o with that. The whole cost of publishing that
farrative of his cannot exceed, by the terms of the
amendment of the Senator from Florida, $12,500,
so that it is the smallest part of the expense of
publishing that work, to which the Senator haa
objected as being copyrighted.
Now, let me say, once for all, that there have
been no applications about this business to trouble
Congress. There has been no lobbying about it.
I do not lobby. When I come here and ask Con-
gress to make this appropriation, I do that which
it is as much my duty to do as it is the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy, or of the Secretary of the
Interior, to ask for an appropriation for an object
required in their Departments. There is a law of
Congress binding upon us all, and especially on
me, whose duty it is, under that law, to superin-
tend this publication. I therefore come ts dis-
charge my duty when I ask Congress to make the
necessary appropriation to complete the publica-
tion which they themselves determined on, and
have continued to prescribe.
But, sir, I beg leave to assure the Senate that to
me it would be an infinite relief if they were to
break the whole thing up. I would think it dis-
reputable—I do not like to say disgraceful, because
that would be offensive to some gentlemen—but I
say that it would be disreputable to the country to
break up this publication, but to me it would be a
great relief. Nobody knows what a serious annoy-
ance it has been to me. I can tell gentlemen that
every month, whether here or at home, I have to
audit fifty or sixty accounts of this exploring
expedition. I have had to read over manuscripts
of six hundred pages long, in the crabbed hand of
the scientific gentlemen, which has been as diffi-
cult, almost more difficult, than it was for Cham-
pollion to decipher the manuscripts of Egypt.
Not only have I had to read them, but to think on
them, and determine whether they were proper to
be published or not. Sometimes I have been com-
pelled to make excisions from the work. I have
thought I saw things which ought not to go into
print, and I have had them cut out.
This, sir, is no slight task. I have had squab-
bles upon squabbles with some of the savans.
Sometimes a bottle of water, got from some remote
part of the ocean, near the sea of Ochotz, would
be analyzed by some of your scientific gentlemen,
and forthwith there would spring up a quarrel
about the amount of pay for it. I have got into
several disputes of that sort with them, and some
of them set me down as a morose fellow.
Mr. BADGER. Very false. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. Nothing more false in the
world. [Laughter.] All this I have had to bear,
sir; and then 1 have been snubbed, [laughter,] twit-
ted, taunted, scolded, and ranted at, or thundered
at  by gentlemen here in the Senate, until it would
have been no wonder if I had vanished into mist,
and disappeared from your sight forever. [Laugh-
ter.] I think my good temper and endurance have
been most remarkably demonstrated by the pa-
tience and equanimity with which I have borne
these things. My patience, I confess, is almost
worn out; and therefore, if the Senate think that
it is well to break up this work, though it requires
only the appropriation I have mentioned to com-
plete it, as I most earnestly believe, let them break
it up, and they will relieve me of a great deal of
trouble, and I shall at least be exonerated from
the discredit.
