THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New Series.....No. 70.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I wish to take
this occasion to express my dissent from an opin-
ion advanced by my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] lest it should be supposed, if passed
unnoticed, to meet with the general concurrence
of the Senate. He says that he is opposed to the
pictures in such books as Herndon's, Sitgreaves',
and a number of others which we have published
of explorations. Sir, I differ from my honorable
friend totally. The pictures in those books are
to me entirely the most valuable part of them.
[Laughter.] The text I do not feel inclined to
read, but the pictures I pore over with as much
interest as I would have done in my youthful
days. [Laughter.]
Now, sir,! wish to say another thing. I am
extremely sorry to learn from my friend from
Maryland that these savans—savages I think he
had better call them—have had the effrontery to
suppose he is not the most good-natured man in
the world. Why, sir, I should as soon expect a
man who had read the play of " The Rivals" to
say that Sir Anthony Absolute was not a man of
entire equanimity of temper. [Laughter.] The
charge is unjust and unfounded, and almost tempts
me to vote for the immediate and absolute dis-
continuance of this whole appropriation. People
who are so undiscriminating, and advance such
unfounded charges, deserve very little support
from the Senate or the Congress of the United
States.
Well, sir, having said this, I desire to say to
my friend from Illinois, who has inquired when
this work will come to an end, that I cannot
answer him; but I wish to remind him, and all the
rest of us, that this session will very soon come to
an end; and I think, therefore, we had better vote
than speak.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that this session
will soon come to an end, and I had hoped this
book business would also come to an end. I have
been coaxed out of my opposition, I believe, for
ten or twelve years—by the Senator from Mary-
land for seven, in this body—under the expectation
that each appropriation was to end the exploring
expedition.
Mr. PEARCE. I never gave that assurance till
the last appropriation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Mary-
land wanted testimony about his good humor in
it, I can bear witness that he has got the appro-
priation every time, I believe, by begging, and
coaxing, and by his good humor. The trouble is,
that we shall bankrupt the Treasury by his good
humor, if we keep on. [Laughter.] If we do not
look sharp, his good humor will carry it this time.
He says that good humor is regulated and stim-
ulated by law, because he is required to have every
thing described that is new; but I wish him to
understand that the law of 1853, two years ago,
made only a conditional appropriation. At the
end of that appropriation was attached this pro-
viso: " Provided, That this appropriation shall
finish the publication." He had no right to apply
that money, except on a plan that would finish it.
It was a conditional appropriation. We said then:
" You promise that $25,000 will put a stop to it,
and we are not to be troubled any more; we give
it on that condition." If a conditional appropri-
ation, providing that it should finish the work,
cannot stop this expenditure, there is no hope of
stopping it as long as men can get jobs by describ-
ing everything that is new under the sun; for I
suppose that among the vast collections and ship-
loads they brought back, they can find something
new for them on which to write a book. I believe
there is no mode of stopping it but by administer-
ing a rebuke by withholding the money which is
asked. If this appropriation be made, I have no
expectation that it will be the last.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I propose a
compromise to my friend from Illinois. Let us
put upon this appropriation that it shall be " pos-
itively the last time." [Laughter.] If he will do
that, I give my solemn assurance that no consid-
eration on earth, not even the persuasive eloquence
and good nature of my friend from Maryland,
70
shall induce me at the next session to vote another
dollar of appropriation. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. PEARCE. I must say a word more, and
only one. The Senator from Illinois has said that
I had no right to apply this money except in such
a way as to complete the publication. Well, sir,
if I have abused the trust—not I, but the whole
committee, but I am willing to stand for them—
let the law officer of the Government be directed to
institute suit against me to recover the money. I
should like to see such a proceeding attempted, and
with what ridicule I would turn it out of court. I
am required by law to follow a certain mode.
There are prescriptions in the law. One is that
the publication shall be made in a certain manner.
The Senator says that the stipulation that the last
appropriation should complete the work overrode
the first, and I was bound to conduct the work in
such a way as to complete it with that appropria-
tion. I do not think so. I think I was bound to
have whatever was done, done according to the
model prescribed in the original law. But, as I
said before, I am perfectly willing that you shall
break up the whole affair. I prefer that you would
make an appropriation, and appoint the Senator
from Illinois chairman of the Committee on the
Library, for which purpose X will very cheerfully
resign in his favor, and let him have for one year
the trouble I have had for the last seven, and then
" we shall see what we shall see."
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I cannot let
this occasion pass by without uttering a word in
dissent from a great many positions which have
been taken here to-night; and first in regard to
the uselessness of publishing books at the public
expense.
It is said by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi that a book which is worth printing, will be
printed and paid for by the public. I apprehend
that is a position which is to be taken with many
grains of allowance, and that there is no real scien-
tific work printed in this country or in Europe,
which is not printed with contributions from the
public Treasury, or the patronage of the rich and
great specifically awarded to it by subscription.
Sir, the public buy such books as suit theirpresent
ta3te and temper. A publisher in New York, or
in Philadelphia, or in Boston, will find fifty
thousand, or one hundred thousand, or five hun-
dred thousand subscribers for the life of Barnum,
and the accounts of his skill in mountebankery,
while they will not buy a real contribution to
science.
This practice is spoken of as if it were new and
peculiar to our own Government; but, sir, it is the
practice of all modern Governments. When Na-
poleon made his great expedition into Egypt, he
was attended by a corps of the savans of France.
The expedition turned out " dust and ashes," so
far as the ambition of the French people was con-
cerned; but the contributions to human knowledge
obtained in that expedition, and published, are
invaluable and imperishable.
It is spoken of as if it were a matter of reproach
that the officers of our Army and of our Navy, after
making reconnoissances in our new Territories, or
in foreign countries, should come homeandgather
their acquisitions into a book which they offer to
the world. Sir, that is the very contribution by
which they most effectually reward the public for
the compensation they receive in the employments
in which they are engaged, and for their education
at the public expense. It is only six years ago,
when I came into the Senate of the United States,
that I was advised by an honorable and distin-
guished statesman, that it was quite unnecessary
to attempt to establish governments in the new
Territories acquired from Mexico, including Cali-
fornia, for that the whole country between the
western borders of the Missouri and the Pacific
ocean was untenantable, uninhabitable, and totally
worthless. We understand those things much
better now. We were told half a dozen years ago
that it was impracticable to make a railroad to the
Pacific ocean. We understand that thing; much
better, and we know now that not only is it feas-
ible to make a railroad to the Pacific ocean, but the
whole difficulty in the case arises in adopting that
one of the many routes upon which such a railroad
can be constructed.
Then, sir, in regard to the explorations of Cap-
tain Wilkes. It is but a short time ago that we
were involved, and necessarily ihvolved, in the
discussion of the wisdom and expediency of an-
nexing the Sandwich Islands to the United States.
I had occasion to examine that subject, and I
found the researches and discoveries of Captain
Wilkes, as furnished by his publication here, a
guide for fixing my judgment in regard to that
transaction. Sir, we cannot arrest this book ex-
cept upon the principle of prohibiting the dissem-
ination of knowledge. Captain Wilkes has but
followed in the rear of Sir John Franklin, happily
with much better auspices for his country and for
mankind; and both of those explorers have but
followed in the career of Hudson, and of Colu'm-
bus. They were explorers, and the world is the
greater, the wiser, and the better, for the discov-
eries they have made.
I should not have entered into this discussion
if it had not been that Captain Wilkes is confined
at his house on a sick bed, and my attention to
that fact was called, and my sympathy in his be-
half excited.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] to the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the adoption of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland from the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Cooper, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer,Gillette, Houston, James,
Mallory Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Seward,
Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Wells,
and Wilson—25.
NASTS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Chase, Dawson, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatnck,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, and Toombs—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am also directed by theCom-
mittee on the Library to offer this amendment:
And the accounting officers of the Treasury are hereby
directed to settle and pay the account of C. W. Hinman,
third assistant librarian, from the 1st day of July, 1854, at
the rate of §1,500 per annum.
This requires an explanation which I will make
briefly.
Mr. HUNTER. It is all right.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I need say no more than
that it is to correct an error in the printing of the
law of last session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
from the Committee on the Library:
To enable the Librarian of Congress to subscribe for and
purchase one thousand copies of the works of General Na-
thaniel Greene, to be published by George Washington
Greene, iu an edition of six volumes: Provided, The cost
of the same shall not exceed .^9 25 a volume ; said volumes
to be distributed as provided by law for the distribution of
Thomas Jefferson's works.
Mr. President, the published papers of General
Washington furnish us with the best historical ac-
count which we have of the war of the Revolution
in the North. The papers of General Greene will
furnish us with a similar authentic account of the
operations of the army of the South. I need not
say, sir, that he held the place in the Army next
to that which General Washington held; that his
ability and his valor enabled him to triumph in
that southern campaign, which taxed to the utmost
the skill and courage of all who were engaged in
it. In 1786 he died, and on the 8th of August of
that year Congress passed this resolution:
" Resolved, That a monument be erected to the memory
of Nathaniel Greene, E&q., at the seat of the Federal Gov-
ernment, with the following inscription :
"' Sacred to the memory of Nathaniel Greene, Esq., a
native of Uie State of Rhode Island, who died on the 19ih of
