1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Juno, 1786, late major general in the service of the United
States, and commander of their army in the souhern depart-
ment.
" ' The United States in Congress assembled, in honor of
his patriotism, valor, and ability, have erected tins monu-
ment.' "
They never carried that resolution into effect.
These works, if Congress shall purchase them,
will furnish a monument to his memory quite as
honorable to him, and more important to the coun-
tiy,than any monumentofmarble. They are by
a gentleman whom I have describedin theamend-
ment as George Washington Greene. I was in-
formed by a former Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Berrien] that he was the son of Nathaniel Greene.
Mr. TOOMBS. He left no lineal male descend-
ants.
Mr. PEAR.CE. Perhaps I am mistaken; he
may be the descendantof a brother; but, I believe,
he js the grandson of General Greene. I find it
impossible, sir, to talk. My cold has increased
so much that I cannot proceed. I suppose the
Senate will understand the amendment without
further fxplanation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a great admiration for
General Gteene. His name is not only national
and historical but greatly identified with my own
State. He rendered us eminent services. We
luve rewarded them. We so far met his appro-
bation that he lived and died among us. His
lineal descendants are my constituents. He has
no male descendants by the name of Greene. I
do not know who this man is. He may be an
interloper. 1 know General Greene's descendants
have not written his history; but when they do,
it will be a national contribution. A. very eminent
gentleman, for all the qualities which become a
man and a good citizen, had a bill passed during
the present Congress for the relief of the heirs of
General Greene—Colonel Nightingale and his
other descendants. Who this individual is I do I
noi know. I desire, when we print the papers of
General Greene, that it shall be by the consent of :
his family. 1 have no evidence that this man !
even stands as a collateral descendant. I know j
thai thelineal heirs ofGeneral Greene have nothing i
to do with it; and I trust that when we attempt to '<
give the history of the war from General Greene, !
wc- shall do it through his lineal descendants, the '
heirs of his blood and of his honor. When that
is done, the Senate will do justice to a great and
glonous memory.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wish to correct an
error into which the Senator from Georgia has
fallen, in his allusion to the editor of the proposed
•work. I know him well personally. I have j
known him from his youth. 1 know him, so far i
as 1 can testify to such a fact, as the grandson of
General Greene, of the Army of the Revolution.
I know him, also, as one of the most accomplished ;
scholars and most cultivated gentlemen whom it i
has ever been my fortune to meet in this country. !
If he should undertake the service which is men- ,
tioned, 1 believe it may be safely assumed that it !
will he done faithfully, that the part of an editor !
will he fully and adequately performed. That is !
what I have to say in direct reply to the Senator !
from Georgia in regard to the editing. j
Mr. COOX^ER. I wish to ask the Senator from i
Massachusetts if General Greene had any son? 1 J
understand he never had a son. !
Mr. SUMNER. He had a son living in New- t
port, Rhode Island. The gentleman who pro- j
poses to edit this work is the son of that son. j
Mr. TOOMBS. The records of the Senate will
show that is not so. General Greene's heirs, Col-
onel Nightingale, of Georgia, and the Skipwwhs *
of Mississippi got a settlement as his reptesem- !
atives at the last session. It is a mistake to sun- |
pose that he left a son. We have voted $40,000
to his heirs at this Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, Mr. President, with
regard to the character of the work, 1 need not
add anything to what has been so ably presented
by the chairman of the Committee on the Library,
[Mr. Pearce.] We all know the position main-
tained in the army of the Revolution by General :
Greene, second only to Washington. He died i
shortly after the close of the war, before any of
those political differences had occurred with which
the names of some of the other statesmen of the ;
cou/ifry are associated; so that his correspondence
"Will belong purely to the uncontroverted history
of the country. On thataccount, i think Congress
may well undertake to publish it. Besides, it will
throw important light upon a whole period of our
history, with regard to which there is, at this mo-
ment, less authentic intelligence than with regard
to any other. I say, therefore, the work is im-
portant in itself; and it is to be edited by a gentle-
man who is entitled to the confidence of this body.
Mr. BUTLER. Is he a grandson ?
Mr. SUMNER. The grandson of General
Greene.
Mr. BUTLER. I doubt it; but, of course, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts says so, I cannot
controvert his statement; but I think he is wrong.
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir; I am not.
Mr. BUTLER. I think so; but it maybe pos-
sible that he is correct. I recollect distinctly, and
that associates me somewhat with an historical
personage, the meeting of General Lafayette with
Mr. Shaw, ia South Carolina. I remember that
a great many ladies said Lafayette kissed them,
but I never saw him kiss any of them but Mrs.
Shaw and tsvo other revolutionary personages.
[Laughter.] My impression is that General
Greene had no son. But, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts knows the fact to be otherwise, I
cannot, of course, contradict him. I recollect
Mrs. Shaw well, one of the daughters of General
Greene,and I never heard that he had a son. As
regards the character of this gentleman as an edi-
tor, I have no doubt the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is a good indorse)*, and if he says he is
competent for the task, it is quite sufficient.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. BUTLER. I do notknow anythingabout
him; but I am inclined to think there must be a
mistake in supposing that General Greene had a
son. He had three daughters. I knew one of
them, Mrs. Shaw, of whom I have spoken.
Mr. DAWSON. During the present session
we have allowed a claim to Colonel Nightingale
and Dr. Slopwith, the representatives of General
Greene. Mrs. Nightingale was his daughter.
Mr. BUTLER. I knew her, too.
Mr. DAWSON. She was a daughter of Gen-
eral Greene. If there be any son-in-law 1 do not
know it, nor do I know that one ever existed.
These ladies are now living,one, I think,in Geor-
gia, and the other in Virginia. They received the
claim to which I have alluded, many thousund
dollars, as the representatives of General Greene.
The papers in that case can be referred to to see
who are his lineal descendants; but my impres-
sion is that when he died he left no son Jivmg.
Mr. PEARCE. I think, sir, it is perhaps
proper, under the circumstances, that this amend-
ment should not be acted upon now. I knew not
that there was any question at all about the con-
nection of this gentleman with the family of Gen-
eral Nathaniel Greene. 1 understood, fromaformer
Senator from Geoigut, [Mr. Berrien,] that he was
the son of Nathaniel Greene. Now, whether
Nathaniel Greene was the nephew or the son of
General Greene 1 do not know.
Mr. BUTLER. Probably a nephew.
Mr. PEARCC. I apprehend he is a connexion
of the family directly; but as there is a question
about it, and as his character is involved m it, I j
would rather not press the amendment to a vote, j
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be withdrawn I
for the present at least. i
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have no authority to with- j
draw it, except by the unanimous consent of the |
Senate and of the committee, which, 1 suppose, the
members of the committee present will-give.
Ihe PRES1DEN V. No objection being made,
the amendment will be considered as withdrawn.
Mr. PEARCE. I have only one more amend-
ment from the Committee.on the Library. It is:
To enable the Committee on the Library to pay to Wil-
liam 11. Powell full for the picture painted by him
for the United states, in addition to the sums heretofore
appropriated by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the diplo-
matic and consular bill which has been lately
passed makes an entire change necessary in the
portion of this bill which refers to our foreign
intercourse. 1 submit, therefore, an amendment I
for that purpose, which is in pursuance of an i
estimate from the State Department; and in con-
ned ion with it 1 ask that this letter from the
Department of State, which I hold in my hand,
may be read.
The Secretary read the letter, aa follows:
Department op Stats, ?
Washington, Marchil1,1855. >
Sir : I herewith send you an estimate for appropriations
under the <£ act to remodel the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of-the United States," signed by the President last
night. The aggregate, you will perceive, is over $700,' 00.
If appropi iated, it will supercede the necessity of using any
considerable part of the $£15,300, for which an estimate has
been sent in. It will be very difficult, I think impossible,
to carry out the recent law wiihout an extra call of the Sen-
ate, unless it can be modified in the appropriation clause of
the civil and diplomatic bill now beiore Congress, or by a
supplemental act.
I respectfully suggest a proviso to the appropriation de-
claring that the salaries shall attach to the Envoys Extraor-
dinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary who shall be in office
when the new law will go into cflect, to wit: on the 1st
of July next. Thiswill supersede the necessity of the very
awkward process of reappointing them in order to give
them the increased salary.
I am most decidedly of opinion that the compulsion on
the President to raise all the ministers resident to envoys
extraordinary, and to give each a secretary of legation
should be removed.
I think that matter ought to be left at his discretion-
Under the new act he is obliged, under all circumstances,
to have the highest grade of minister known to this country
at eveiy Government with whom we now have a diplomatic
representative. Not more than four or five of the twenty
new envoys extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary
can have much use for a secretary of legation. I should
icgard more than half of them as useless appendages. I
consider it to be very desirable that the parts of the new
law which relate to the cousuls, &c., should not go into
effect until after the first of January next. I have not time
to state the many considerations which force this conclusion
upon my mind. >
Without some such modifications as I have above sug-
gested, I do not see how a call of the Senate in the summer
can be avoided.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY.
Hon. It. M. T. Hunter, Chairman of the Committee on
Finunte, United States Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. That letter, which accompa-
nies the estimates, recommends, as the Senate will
perceive, that we should so modify the law as to
enable those ministers who are in office when it
goes into effect to take the increased salary with-
out a reappointment. The Secretary of State also
recommends that it should not be imperative to
send a secretary of legation with each minister,,
because that is more than is wanted. He also
recommends some other change in regard to the
time when the portion of the law in regard to con-
sulships shall go into effect, and says that unless
some of these changes shall be made, an extra
Bession of the Senate will become necessary in the
summer. It was on that account I asked to have
the letter read in connection with this amendment
which the Committee on Finance have reported to
carry out the estimate. They have alao reported
a section which provides for two of the recom-
mendations of the Secretary of State, to wit; that
the ministers may take the increased salary with-
out a reappointment, and that the Government
shall not be compelled to send a secretary of lega-
tion with each minister. The amendment is to
strike out all those provisions of the bill appropri-
ating for the compensation of ministers, charges,
and secretaries of legation to foreign countries;,
and for the salaries of the commissioners to the
Sandwich Islands and to China, of the consuls to
London, Constantinople, Smyrna, Candia, Alex-
andria, Beyroot, and the five ports in China; and
in lieu thereof to insert:
For s-alanes of envoys extraordinary and ministers plen-
ipotentiary of the Uuiled States, §207,£00.
For the salaries of seeietaries of legation, $44,500.
- For the salary of the commissioner to the Sandwich Isl-
and*, $0,000.
For the dragoman to the mission to Turkey, i$2,ftOO.
For the interpreter to the mission to China, $-2,509.
For salaries of the consuls of the United States-, $071.7."0.
For return allowance of ministers and commissioners
abroad, or so much thereof as may be necessary, $<1^75.
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad, or so
much thereol as may be necessary, §9&,043 75.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also directed by the
Committee en Finance to offer this amendment,
as a supplemental section:
Sec. —. jJmf be it further enacted, That the salaries to
which envoys, extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary
shall bp entitled on the 1st July, 1855, may be allowed to
such as may be in office on thatday without reappointment;
nor shall such envoys extraordinary and ministers pleni-
potentiary be requu* d to take with thetn secretaries of le-
gation unless theyyhouldbe allowed by the President of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now submit an amendment
which provides for the clerks estimated to be ne-
cessary in order to carry out the bounty land law
