1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
which we have passed recently. It is to insert at
the end of the first section:
For compensation of thirty clerks of class one, ten of
class two, nine of class thr«.e, and one at ,$2,000 premium,
one messenger at $840, one messenger at $600, two labor-
ers at $07G each, and four watchmen at $600 per annum,
for temporary service, at the discretion ol the Secretary of
the Interior, in the Pension Office, on account of bounty
lands, $/i>39:2.
For contingent expenses, viz: for rent of rooms, station-
ery, engraving plates for bounty land warrants, paper, and
printing the same, binding books, blank books for registers,
office furniture, and miscellaneous items, $20,000.
For expensesof the current fiscal year on aceountof mil-
itary bounty lands, $30,000.
For clerk hire, patents, records, stationer, and miscel-
laneous items in the General Land Office, on account of
military bounty lands, $70,000: Provided, however. That the
Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized to use any portion of said appropri-
ation for piece work, or by the day, week, month, or year,
at such rate, or rates, as he may deem just and fair.
For compensation of ten eleiks of class one, to be em-
ployed temporarily in the office of the Third Auditor, on
account of mihtaiy bounty lands, $12,000.
Mr. WELLER. This appropriation is made
necessary,! believe, by the bounty land law which
we have passed. In other words, we propose
expending more than $80,000 a year to give the
lands away to the old soldiers !
Mr. WADE. I have an amendment to offer,
from the Committee on Claims, to the amendment.
It is to add:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to Jacob F. Chase the usual
compensation for the services of his two sons as clerks in
the Pension Office, for the time they were engaged as such,
and the sum necessary to pay the same be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
offer that proposition as an amendment to this.
Let my proposition go through by itself. Hie
seems to me to be in the nature of a private claim.
It is necessary to adopt my amendment in order
to carry the law into operation. I hope the Sena-
tor will present his amendment somewhere else, as
a separate measure.
Mr. WADE. I supposed might as well come
here as anywhere; the claim was deemed by the
committee to be a just and equitable one.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. We have passed a bill for
the establishment of a court of claims. For the
expenses of that court we have had no regular
estimate, but the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodhead,] upon looking over the act, has made
an estimate which 1 find accords with one that I
understand has been making up, but I am afraid
wiil not reach us in time 1 therefore move this
amendment now on my own responsibility:
For salaries of three judges of the court of claims, $12,000.
For the salary of solicitor of said court, $3,500.
For salaries of two desks, $3,500.
For contingent expenses of said court, $2,000.
For the salaries of the judges, solicitor, ana clerks of
said court, and for other expenses thereof prior to the 1st
day of July, 1855, or so much thereof as may be required,
#5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I have some amendments to
offer from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia. The first is to add to the appropriation for
the compensation of the officers of the penitentiary
of this District:
And twenty per centum additional salary is hereby appro-
priated to be paid to the said officers of the penitentiary^
winch per centum shall commence from the 1st day of J uly,
1853.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report the following amend-
ment:
And the sum of $2,000 additional is hereby appropriated
for lighting with gas Bridge and High streets, in George-
town", to be expended under the direction ot the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings; and said Commissioner is
hereby authorized and directed to complete the lighting of
the street with gas, from Pennsylvania avenue where it
intersects Fifteenth street, to the commencement of said
avenue at Seventeenth sireet, being west of the Treasury
Department and north of the President's House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to present
the following amendment:
For filling up tbo present canal, basin, and the construc-
tion of two°new basin*, and for clearing out the Washing-
ton branch of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, the sum of
$46,408 40 is herebv appropriated : Provided, Aowever, That
no money shall be expended until the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company shall raise the bridges m Georgetown across
the canal to the height required by the report of Lieutenant
B. S. Alexander to the Secretary of War, of the date of
February 10, 1855: Jlnd provided further, That said work
shall be done according to the plans and estimates submit-
ted in the report of said Lieutenant Alexander, it said plans
and estimates shall meet the approval of the Secretary of
War. And said appropriation shall be expended under his
direction.
Mr. HUNTER, Is that an appropriation to
clean out this canal ?
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir. The Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal comes into the city of Washing-
ton. It has been filled up, and is now destructive
of health and of no convenience whatever to the
city.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be adopted.
I am willing to be liberal to this District, but I
cannot consent to this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I am also directed by the
same committee to offer this amendment:
And the Secretary of War he, and he hereby is, directed
to cause to be constructed on such site in acentral position
on the public grounds in the city of Washington as may be
selected by the President of the United States, a suuabie
building for the care and preservation of the arms, ordnance,
and accouterments of the United States, required for the
use of the volunteers and militia of the District of Columbia,
and for the eare and preset vation of the military trophies
of the revolutionary and other wars, and for the deposit of
newly invented and model arms for the military service ;
the said ordnance and arms, and the building to be used by
the volunteers and militia of the District of Columbia, un-
der such regulations as may be prescribed by the President;
and for the purpose of carrying this act into effect the sum
of $30,000 he, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON, The next amendment to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate
particularly, as it has been before them previous
to this, is for the purpose of bringing water into
the city with a view to stop fires. It is a reduced
amount:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$250,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe we have as much
debatable matter in this bill now as we can carry.
We know that this proposition has been the cause
of severe and serious contests between the two
Houses. I believe to put it in this bill will very
much embarrass its ultimate passage. I am in
favor of the water appropriation in the right place
where it can be carried, but not here. I hope the
Senate wiil not put it in this bill now.
Mr. DAWSON. I wilt not discuss the ques-
tion. Time is too precious to allow that. For
fear of opposition we have reduced the sum. The
works which have already begun are now dilapi-
dated for want of a littleappropri&tion. We know
that the city must have water. The people want
water; the Union wants water; and Congress in
particular, [laughter.] I cannot see why the
amendment should not be agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
31, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard,Bell,Benjamin,
Bright, Brodhead,Butler, Chase, Cooper, Dawson, Doustlas,
Foot, Gvvin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, MaSlory, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Ru*k, Seward,
Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Walker, Wells, Wilson and
Wright—3L.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Braineid, Evans, Fifzpatrick,
Geyer, Gillette, Hunter, Morton, Peuit, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
and Wade—15.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I have been
waiting all day for the purpose of moving a little
amendment to this bill. It is to insert immediately
after the appropriation for the salaries of the Jus-
tices of the Supreme Court:
And from and after the passage of this act the annua! sale
ariesof the several Justices of the Supreme Court of [he
United States shall be as follows, to wit: of the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court, $7,500 ; of the Associate Jus-
tices of the Supreme Court, $7,000.
I merely wish to mention that this amendment
is precisely in the language of a bill which was
passed by the Senate during this session by a large
majority. My reason for moving it here is not at
all for the purpose of making any factious prop-
osition, but to enable the House to act in the
mode in which, if I am correctly informed, the
majority of the House are disposed to act if their
rules would enable them to reach the bill which
we have passed.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the salary in each case $1,000,
and on that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have only to say that 1 hope
that amendment will not be agreed to. *k
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I think that in any fair esti-
mate which can possibly be made among the
Departments of this Government, $6,500 for the
Chief Justice and $6,000 for the Associate Justices
is equivalent to any other compensation. It has
become quite too common to undertake to show
that somebody, somewhere, gets a high salary,
and, therefore, everybody else should. It ia
equally common to show by the game course of
logic that the employees about the Capitol ought
to be paid more than the members of Congress.
If there is anything in these two arguments which
tallies, if one is consonant with the other, I have
never been able to understand it.
Sir, the district judges employ all their time;
they do nothing and can do nothing else than
attend to their duties as judges; and yet they do
not get, on an average, over $2,500 a year, even
at the increased salaries allowed by the law re-
cently passed. Most of them are compelled to
reside m the cities of the Union, where the expense
of living is as great as are the expenses of the
Judges of the Supreme Court. They spend as
many dollars in the year in the way of expense,
and they occupy their whole time. They have
not a moment to apply to anything else. It is
proposed, by the amendment of the Senator from
Worth Carolina, to give $7,500 tooneof the Judges
of the Supreme Court, and $7,000 to the rest,
while but $2,500, on the average, is given to the
district judges of the same court, the expense of
whose living is just as much. Is there any pro-
portion between the two? Besides, look at the
present salary—$4,500. This amendment almost
doubles it.'
I cannot, of course, consent to go into any lengthy
discussion of this question at the present time. I
think that perhaps we have spent as much time
as we can, with propriety, upon these amendments
to-night. I am very anxious to offer some myself,
and 1 am admonished on that account that I had
better shorten whatever I have to say. I hope
the amendment which I have presented will be
agreed to upon the principle that it is as much in
proportion to the salaries of the other judiciary
officers of the Government as these gentlemen are
entitled to. So far as regards their ability, and
distinction, and their usefulness in the Govern-
ment, I accord to them as much as any other man
can, but I apprehend that the salary I have pro-
posed is sufficient.
1 hear it suggested in whispers around me, that
the Cabinet officers get $8,000a year; but what is
required of them by custom ? Here I beg leave to
say that I was never an advocate of that increase,
but I only now wish to compare it with what these
gentlemen are obliged to do. The Secretaries are
obliged to live here constantly, in the city of
Washington, and, by custom, to entertain every-
body at an enormous expense, while the Judges
of the Supreme Court do no such thing. I think
if a reason is required for the difference of salary
that is reason enough.
Mr. BUTLER. If salaries be at all indicative
of dignity, the Judges of the Supreme Court are
not equal to the Attorney General. The fact is,
Mr. President, that the highest official dignitaries
of this country, who are more responsible than
any others, are very poorly paid. These judges
have the grave responsibility of judgment; they
occuoy a high position, and, in fact, considering
their duties, they are hardly paid equal to the
common laborers in the city of Washington. Let
me remind the Senator from Michigan that he has
always been perfectly willing to increase the salary
of Michigan judges. He has told us that they
could not live on the salaries they were receiving.
Allow me to say to him that I do not put this on
the ground of mere living. Sir, these judges work
more than any functionaries in this Government,
and are paid less, and I believe they are the most
worthy functionaries upon whom I can bestow
patronage.
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, 1 wish to test the
honorable Senator's argument of dignitv.so far as
pay is an evidence of dignity. The average pay
of Senators on this floor, including the distin-
guished Senator himself, is not equal to the pay
of your clerks. This goes to show that the
