1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2;
honorable Senator's argument, so far as he applies
it, is misapplied.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I am willing to make
my argument good, and 1 venture to say that
the Senator is not. [Laughter.] I am willing to
increase the pay of Senators, but he is not.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, I am.
Mr. BUTLER. How much?
Mr. STUART. As much as I think necessary.
Mr. BUTLER. But, sir, it is immaterial now
about that. I venture to say, that I will go to aa
high a standard as any one; but, sir, when I see
the Chief Justice of the United States—a man
who is to live in the judicial history of this country
—a man, who, in my opinion, has illustrated it
by the justice of his decisions, by the wisdom of
the law which he has dispensed, and by the sim-
plicity of his deportment in life—when I see such
a man unrepresented here, I am perfectly willing
to take him under my protection, and not put him
upon the quantum meruit of how much he earns in
grinding out this case or that case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I should not
trouble the Senate now, but for the fact that this
particular subject was referred to me by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which I have the
honor to be last and the least—the junior member.
That committee unanimously recommended the
salaries proposed by the amendment of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina. That this is the best
legislative mode to get at it, I believe is not dis-
puted. It is to force nobody; but if it be the
judgment of the Senate that the salaries of the
Justices of the Supreme Court ought to be changed,
this is the regular, appropriate, proper, and effec-
tual mode of doing it. 1 am something like the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade;] when i want to
do a thing, if I am certain it is a good thing, 1 am
for doing it, even if I ride over rules;,but there is
no vielation of rules here. I am ve?y much of
that Senator's order in this respect.
Now, sir, the question is, whether or not we
shall give a decent compensation to gentlemen
preeminent for their ability, their learning, and
for their character. I will assume them all to be
so; I know they all ought to be so. I do not
legislate for to-day. I am not the eulogist of this
court; I have sought no other position here but that
of a representative of the people. But as far as I
am personally acquainted with these gentlemen, I
know of no body of men better entitled to public
confidence. Some of them, I know, are preeminent,
but I do not put this amendment on the personal
qualifications of any of them. To some of them
X am opposed in politics. I do not believe there
is one of them with whom 1 have fully concurred.
I think nearly all of them have been appointed
against my political opinions. But whether that
be so or not, they are the final arbiter between
sovereigns, between nations. All our treaties, all
our State controversies, all that can concern every
man of the Republic, we must submit to their final
arbitrament, or resort to revolution. Well, sir, I
look upon revolution as one of those incidents
which is very much more feared than it ought to
be. 1 am not very squeamish upon that point. I
follow regular order as long as it will meet justice;
but when it does not, I go outside of it with great
facility. But, sir, as long as you have constituted
Governments, no body of men can be half so
important as those who finally determine, within
the law, upon the highest rights which can concern
nations and individuals.
It seems to me strange that objection should be
made to this proposition, when I have seen men
here every day voting to give to small law officers
the most extravagant compensation. I have seen
it on this bill within the last twenty-four hours.
There is one case—I do not mention it invidi-
ously—where the district attorney for the northern
district of California has been allowed by the vote
of the Senate to-day §5,000 a year for two years
for past services, without a question being made.
The vigilant Senator from Michigan was then in
his seat, but he made no objection. Here is a
proposition to give the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States a compensation which
every gentleman knows is barely sufficient to
maintain them respectably in this city, not like
men of fortune, for that they cannot do. They
are withdrawn from the ordinary pursuits of life;
they confine themselves to their business here, and
yet I find speeches made against a proposition to
give them a reasonable compensation.
Mr. PETTIT. They are compelled to go afoot
instead of taking hacks, much less keeping car-
riages. ...
Mr. TOOMBS. I tell you, sir, it is a shame,
it is a reflection on the nation, and I do not believe
there is any dissenting voice as to the propriety
of granting proper compensation. My friend
from Michigan wanted to increase the salary of
the district judge in that State; he appealed to me
as a member of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and not in vain. I listened to his complaints; I
responded to them,and I voted with him, because
I do not like to see a man of ability and integrity
performing honestly, fairly, and truly, as he ought
to do, the duties of a judge, without being appro-
priately compensated. Sir, the Supreme Court
of the United States pass upon our relations with
foreign countries; they decide controversies be-
tween these thirty-one sovereignties, which may
even in our time extend to fifty stars in the firma-
ment, from the utmost verge of the southern con-
tinent, even to the unknown lands to which you
have sent an expedition in the dark. These men
determine questions of boundary, and great ques-
tions of peace and war; and yet you speculate
whether they shall have §7,000 or $6,000 a year.
I am an economist. 1 do not pay two fellows
§2,500 when I can buy them for $500, although
that is the custom of the Senate. I think that
is a small, disreputable business. When I hire
laborers I hire them cheap; but it seems that here
cheap labor is paid dear, and mental labor, that
which ought to be paid, is trampled in the dust.
I will not comment upon it. These gentlemen
have no solicitors here. I never appeared before
them. I believe I was admitted to the liar of the
court, on account of some of my friends who
wished to use my name, but I certainly have
never addressed them in any case.
Mr. STUART. That is about my condition.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never expected to have a
case before them; but my distant constituents may
sometimes find it useful to use my name, and I
therefore put myself to the trouble of paying the
fees and getting myself admitted to the bar of the
Supreme Court. Sir, that court has responsibility,
power, and duties, transcendant; the highest that
the human intellect can conceive of; the highest
that human beings can ever discharge. If gentle-
men here thought as I do, they would vote to-day
to give them a salary of $20,000, and make them
independent of faction, independent of the influ-
ences of the hour. I would make them the repos-
itories, as long as they were trustworthy, of the
rights of a great and free people. This pittance,
I had trusted, would pass without a word. I
would enlarge upon it; 1 would refer to questions
which 1 probably would not, but that I reported it
from the committee; but I know the opinion of the
American Senate, from their votes, has been so
decided and so conclusive, that I should but ap-
pear to magnify myself by attaching myself to so
great a question, one upon which we are so well
agreed. I trust the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina will be adopted without a
division.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me
to make a single remark?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to express the desire
that no one will say another word on this question,
except the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, who made this motion. I, sir, have been
associated with him here, and I have many con-
siderations to respect him, and I wish that the last
speech he makes in this body, and the last meas-
ure with which he may be identified, shall be the
judiciary of the United States. I hope my hon-
orable friend from North Carolina will be the only
person allowed to speak on this occasion, and
that, upon his speech being made, the vote shall
be taken.
Mr. RUSK. I think the request of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina is a reasonable
one.
Mr. BADGER. I freely yield to my friend
from Texas.
Mr. RUSK. I should be disposed to concur in
the suggestion of the Senator from South Carolina,
but that I intend to make a very short address
myself, and then I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will conclude. 1 regard this, sir, as a
much more important matter than the mere raising
of a salary, and you have been doing that all the
time in regard to the district judges of the United
States. As to the mere point of proper salary for
the searices rendered, the amount now proposed
to be given is certainly not as large in reference to
the expenses and other things to be considered at
this time, as the sum of $4,500 was when that was
allowed. The Supreme Court is invested with
some of the most important powers under the Con-
stitution under which we live. It has been regarded
by men much more competent to judge than my-
self, as the last sheet anchor to which we have to
look for the preservation of our present form of
Government. So far, the conduct of the tribunal
has been such as to justify the community, and to
vindicate the framers of the Constitution in invest-
ing them with such important powers. Sir, as we
are now drifting, according to my judgment, it will
not be long before upon the firmness and integrity
of that tribunal the safety of this Union may
depend.
I think it is a proper act, upon the part of Con-
gress at this time, in view of the peculiar circum-
stances of the country, and those likely to approach
us, by this proceeding to mark our confidence in
that tribunal to which the last appeal, under the
Constitution, can be taken. I hope, therefore, the
amendment offered by the Senator from Michigan
will be rejected, and that offered by the Senator
from North Carolina will meet a support commen-
surate with the confidence that 1 know all well-
meaning, law-abiding men throughout the United
States have in this august tribunal.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the amendment
offered by the Senator from North Carolina pro-
poses to increase the compsnsation of Judges of
the Supreme Court to $7,000, and the Chief Jus-
tice to $7,500. In the State in which I have the
honor m part to represent, we pay our State dis-
trict judges $7,000. I think the Judges of the
United States Supreme Court ought to receive aa
high a compensation as the district judges of the
State of California. We pay our judges of the
supreme court of that State $8,000. W e originally
paid them $10,000; but we have lately begun the
work of reform and economy, and we have cut
their salaries down to $8,000. I think the Chief
Justice of the United States ought to receive within
,at least $500 of what we pay our supreme judges
in my State. I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, my speech,
which my friend from South Carolina is so anx-
ious I should make, shall be very brief. I desire
nothing but a vote, and I have only to say that I
have entire confidence that the Senate will not
ignore a measure which they passed a short time
ago with such decided unanimity to give the
judges the salary I propose.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Stuart's amendment to the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brainerd, Fitzpatrick, Gillette, Jonea
of Iowa, Seward, Smart, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam-, Allen, Badger, Dayard, Bell,
Benjamin, lirodhead, Butler, Chase, Cooper, Dawson,
Kvans, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mai-
lory, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Walker, Welier, Wells, and Wright—SO.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
•*" The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have charge of two amend-
ments which I desire to offer, the first of which is
presented with the concurrence of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance. It is to add, after the
provisos for the salaries of the assistant treas-
urers:
And hereafter the annual salaries of the assistant treas-
urers at Boston and St. Louis shall be $4,000 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. The next is proposed as an
additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the provisons of the fifth
section of tlie act entitled " An act making appiopriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year 1841," approved the third day of March, 1841,
relating to the compensation of collectors of customs, shall
bo construed to include surveyors of ports who perform the
duties of collectors; and such surveyors shall he entitled to
the same compensation as if they had been appointed and
commissioned as collectors of customs,
I will state the object of this amendment in a
few words. The compensation to collectors de-
pends, in the firstinstanoe, on the amount of col!«c-
