1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
tions, but by the fifth section of the act of 1841,
they are limited to a certain sum. The object of
my amendment is to put surveyors who perform
the duty of collectors on the same footing. I will
mention an instance which has called my atten-
tion to the subject, that of the port of St. Louis. In
the last six months the surveyor of that port has
collected $404,000 of duties. They are rapidly
increasing. His emoluments are limited much
below those of a collector collecting the same
amount, though he has all the responsibilities,
and has to perform all the duties of a collector.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill is already so large
that it will be a very difficult matter to get it through
the necessary forms of legislation; and if we now
commence increasing the salaries of the custom-
house officers we shall add to it very largely,
both in amount and in volume. If we are to med-
dle with that subject at all, the most meritorious
class, or rather those who most deserve an in-
crease, are the inspectors. Although I am of that
opinion, I have forborne to offer any such amend-
ment to this bill; because I foresaw the difficulties
into which it would lead us. I hope, therefore,
when we see the subject which we are opening
up, the Senator from Missouri will consent to
withdraw his amendment.
Mr, GEYER. I cannot consent to withdraw
my amendment. I think it is a duty I owe to
these officers to present it. They are charged with
every responsibility of collectors, and are com-
pensated now on a graduated scale, according to
the amount which they receive. They are paid a
per centum for their collections, but there is a lim-
itation on the surveyors which does not apply to
the collectors, although the surveyors of the inte-
rior ports perform the duties, and have all the re-
sponsibilities, of collectors. I suppose they were
originally appointed as surveyors, under the idea
that there would be a very small amount of duties
collected. Indeed, I believe, under the revenue
laws originally, there could have been no collec-
tions there, but all must have been made at ports
of entry; but by a change in the revenue laws, the
payments are now made in the interior ports of
delivery, and your surveyors there have all the
responsibilities of collecting the amounts of money
which are to be paid in duties. I will mention to
the honorable Senator from Virginia, that nearly
half a million has been paid at the port of St. Louis
alone within the last six months—more than at
Baltimore. My amendment will not increase the
compensation beyond what it would be if you were
to appoint the officer who, by law, is charged with
those duties; that is, a collector. If you were to
appoint a collector there where the revenue is to
be collected, he would receive, under the fifth sec-
tion of the act of 1841, the compensation of a col-
lector.
Mr. HUNTER. I find, sir, that Senators are
very willing to alter the revenue laws on this bill
if the proposed alterations suit their views, and
they oppose such an alteration only when it does
not suit their views. Now, we are appropriating
to carry out existing laws, but the Senator from
Missouri is proposing to alter on this bill the laws
in relation to the revenue system of the country,
and that, too, when it is already one of the largest
bills we have ever had in the Senate, and when
we have scarcely twenty-four hours to carry it
through. .
Mr. GEYER. I do not wish to involve debate,
but I have to say to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that this is not a change of the revenue
laws, but it is what has been done in reference to
other laws—a change of compensation. That is
all. .
Mr. HUNTER. It is a change of the limit
imposed by law.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to offer a very small
amendment, to which, 1 suppose, there will be no
objection. It is to amend the appropriation for
the Judges of the Supreme Court, so as to make it
correspond with the rates of salaries which we
have agreed to. I move to strike out " §41,000,
and to insert " $63,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now propose to add, after
the amendment which has been adopted with re-
gard to the judges, this provision:
And hereafter the crier and messengers attending the
Supreme Court be allowed the sum of three dollars per day
each, during their attendance, commencing with the pres-
ent lerm of the court; and that the marshal of the District
of Columbia pay the same out of any moneys of the United
States in his hands.
We have increased, I believe, the compensation
of all the subordinates of this Government, except
the officers in attendance on the Supreme Court.
I propose to make a small increase of their com-
pensation, to be paid by the marshal out of the
moneys he collects and receives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose of carry-
ing into effect the ninth article of the treaty of the 22d of
February, 1819, between the United States and Spain, the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and hp hereby is, authorized
and directed to pay the persons entitled to i eceive the same,
or to their proper agent or attorney, the full amount, so tar
as not heretofore paid, of the damages decreed by the terri-
torial and district judges of the United States, for the losses
in East Florida under the ninth article of the treaty afore-
said, out of the general appropriations heretofore made by
the acts of the 3d of March, 1833, and of the 26th of June,
1834, passed to carry said treaty into effect.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this in order? Does it
come from a committee ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I raise a question of
order.
Mr. MALLORY. I meet the question of order
by asking the gentleman to state what the point of
order is.
Mr. HUNTER. It requires an appropriation
of money, and is presented without an estimate or
the recommendation of a committee.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a mistake of fact;
it does not require any appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have it read
again; I am very much mistaken if it does not
require an appropriation.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to my friend
from Virginia that under the ruling of the Depart-
ment, and the opinion of the Attorney General,
no appropriation is required. It is a continuing
appropriation since the act of 1823. The money
is in the Treasury, and this is to authorize the
distribution of it to those entitled.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be paid without
this provision; and if this passes it is to be paid.
Is not that an appropriation within the meaning
of the rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) Upon the best information before the
Chair, he considers the amendment as in order.
Mr. BAYARD. .1 must appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair if he decides the amendment to
be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
will be allowed, of course. The Chair rules that
this amendment is in order. From that decision
the Senator from Delaware takes an appeal. The
question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me suggest to my
friend from Delaware that I do not think it is pos-
sible that the Senate can adopt the amendment.
He had, therefore, perhaps, better let us vote on it
directly, and we will vote it down.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no desire to occupy
the time of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the appeal'
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw the appeal on the
suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana; but
in Teference to the amendment itself, I have to
^he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida, who offers the amendment, is enti-
tled to the floor upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the sugges-
tion of my friend from Louisiana does not come
gracefully to my ears. It is saying in advance,
without hearing this proposition, that the Senate
will vote it down.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Allow me to say to my
friend from Florida, that I have read the debate in
the House of Representatives on this subject, and
it is for that reason that I said so.
Mr. MALLORY. I take my friend from Louis-
iana to be just exactly that man who, if he shall
find, on reforming his opinion, he has done injus-
tice, will be the first to take the opportunity of
rectifying the error. I do not desire to make
a speech on this subject, although it is a matter
perfectly familiar to me, and I know it is not so to
the Senate. I have but a few words to say. This
is a proposition to pay what are known, as the
Florida interest claims. The amount, as I am
told—I have no means of knowing myself—is
about §1,000,000.
Mr. BAYARD. Over $1,200,000 at least.
Mr. MALLORY. Perhaps the honorable gen-
tleman from Delaware has better means of inform-
ation than I have; because the matter "has been
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and that
Senator haa had an opportunity of investigating it.
But, sir, I wish to state the manner in which
these claims originated. The ninth article of the
treaty of 1819, is in these words:
" The United States will cause satisfaction to be made
for the injuries, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
established to have been suffered by the Spanish officers
and individual Spanish inhabitants, by the late operations
of the American Army in Florida."
In 1823, the Congress of the United States passed
an act to carry into effect the ninth article of the
treaty of 1819, by which they delegated to the
judges, in their capacity as judges, within their
respective jurisdictions as judges of theTerritoriea
of East and West Florida, the province of ascer-
taining the amount of these damages. The judges
went on and ascertained the amount of damages,
and they allowed for the actual value of the prop-
erty at the time taken, and also the reasonable
amount of five per cent, for the value of the prop-
erly withheld, not interest to nomine.
Mr. SEWARD. Can the honorable Senator
state what was the aggregate amount of principal
that was adjudged and decreed ?
Mr. MALLORY. I have no means at hand of
stating it; I might approximate to it, but I pre-
sume it is within the knowledge of the Committee
on the Judiciary. I do not know, however, what
point there is in the question of the honorable
Senator from New York, because whatever the
principal may have been, if they only paid the
amount actually taken, there ia no rule for with-
holding from them,havingagreed upontheamount,
the sum of money awarded for the detention of the
property, not as interest, but in the way of dam-
ages. It is, therefore, unimportant to say what
amount the claimants received under that award.
It was contended, under the operation of the
act of 1823, by Secretaries Crawford and Rush,
that the act did not refer to the spoliations com-
mitted in Florida in 1812 and 1813. But, sir, in
1834, so just were these claims, and so satisfied
was Congress that they were really embraced in
the treaty, that they passed the act of 1834, em-
bracing those of a previous date, and the judges
of East and West Florida uniformly ascertained
the amount of damage and reported to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who had the revising power
over the amount, the actual value of the property
at the time taken, and five per cent, for the use of
the property for the time withheld. Five per cent,
was taken as the sum allowed under the Spanish
law in Florida, and as that sum which was allowed
under treaty stipulations between foreign nations
generally, and as the sum which we ourselves had
received in our stipulations with foreign nations.
In this manner these claims arose; and the ques-
tion for the Senate now to decide is, the money
being in the Treasury, but the Departments having
uniformly refused to allow interest, as it is called,
or damages for the property taken, whether we
shall direct it to be paid to those to whom it was
awarded. Up to this hour they have been refused
it under a departmental usage, under no pretense
whatever that they were justified in this refusal
by any act of law; bat, on the contrary, Mr. Spen-
cer, when Secretary of the Treasury, expressly
stated that in refusing to pay interest on these
claims, he was governed entirely by the usage of
the Department, and that he never contemplated
taking into consideration the feature of national
law on the subject. _
In order to meet some of the statements which
were made a few days ago in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and which have been referred to by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, I desire to
say a few words further. It has been stated in
relation to these claims that the testimony was
taken ex parte, and that the parties originally were
allowed more than they were entitled to. If that
were so, after the sum has been adjudicated and
determined by the tribunals selected by the Gov-
ernment itself, upon what ground will any lawyer
