1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
again. It was not ex parte, and every sum that
has been paid was paid deliberately. Not a single
officer of the Government has ever yet held up his
head and talked about fraud; not one. Sir, I
would be the last man, though representing the
State m part, and having her honor dear to me,
to see her citizens, to whom the faith of the Gov-
ernment is pledged, charged with fraud in present-
ing a claim, when that charge is not sustained by
a single instance of fraud.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had not intended to take
any part in this discussion, but, being in the
minority of the Committee on the Judiciary, agree-
ing with my friend from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] on
this subject, I must take a partof the odium which
is placed upon our opinions by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware's charge of fraud, to the fullest
extent, and, therefore, I wish to give a statement
of the case. The question that came before the
Committee on the Judiciary was this, and 1 invite
the attention of every man in the Senate to a very
plain statement of it. By a treaty, the Govern-
ment of the United States engaged to pay whatever
were determined, by due process of law, to be the
damages inflicted by the Goveromentof the United
States upon citizens of Spain.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend from Georgia
permit me?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not one moment. I want
but ten minutes, and then you may have the whole
balance of the night. I am with the Senator from
Indiana. I do not believe these claims are enti-
tled to the allegation made by the Senator from
Delaware of Gardinerism. I have heard Gardin-
erism and Galphinism often alluded to. I had as
much to do as any one man could have, in passing
the Galphin claim through the House. That claim
was an honestand honorable one, and I am ready
io maintain it in the Senate or out of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I used no word like Gal-
phinism.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that. I do not apply
that to you; but these are terms which I think are
used sometimes for want of argument. By  his
treaty we were to pay what was determined by
legal process. Very well; the Florida people went
into the court of the United States, and that court
determined that they were damaged so much m
the interests of their property. The United States
courts give interest. There is the question.
Whether these claims were fraudulent, whether
they were maintained by perjury, whether they
were for too much or not I do not know; but I
do know that that is not the question now before
the Senate; I do know that the Government paid
the awards to the uttermost farthing; I do know
that no allegation of that sort, no attempt to prove
it, has come before the committee on which the
honorable Senator from Delawareand myself have
eat; 1 know there has been not only no attempt to
prove it, but not even an allegation of it, and I
have not gone out of doors to get it. Whether
fraudulent or not, there are the judicial decisions,
end those judicial decisions have been paid to the
uttermost farthing. An appeal went to the Treas-
ury, and the Treasury said they must be paid.
If they were fraudulent, your Government has
paid them in the face of the fraud. That is Gar-
tlinerism' If it is Gardmerism, the Government
has paid every dollar of the principal upon it,
without a word of objection from any Secretary
■>f the Treasury who sat on the cases from 1819
jntil 1851. These are facts. Let us look at
them as Senators and as true men.
I say that the principle of these claims, adjudi-
cated under acts of Congress by judges of the
United States, has been paid, to the last dollar,
without one word of allegation of fraud, until the
honorable Senator from Delaware to-night, com-
pares it to Gardinerism! I never heard it before.
It was not heard of in the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. There never was, to my knowledge, such
an allegation made befoie that committee, in which
he and I investigated the claims. But the com-
mittee decided, against the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Pettit] and myself, that interest ought^not
to be paid. That is a question on which the Sen-
ator from Delaware and I may differ, and that is a
question for gentlemen to differ upon. I believed,
When we agreed to pay indemnity, that the thing
destroyed, and the use of it, were both to be paid
for; but the Government said, we will not pay
interest, because, by a rule of the Departments, the
Government ought never to pay interest. Sir, by
the law of nation, every statesman knows, we are
bound to pay interest in such cases. That is a
well-laid down and clearlv-settled principle. We
have agreed to pay indemnity for these losses;
Spain has asserted her rights; and all that they de-
mand is to pay the judgment of the United States
courts, as decided by the United States law, with
interest upon the principal which has been paid.
This, Mr. President, is the plain proposition
which is presented to us. I simply wish Senators
to know where the difficulty is. I am sorry I have
not voice enough now to cover the body. The
Committee on the Judiciary differed from me*; and
I acquiesced. I have great respect for the mem-
bers of that committee; but the difference was
solely upon thequestion whether, under this treaty,
interest ought to be allowed. The question of
whether anybody cheated, or whether there was
Gardinerism, or whether these claims were open
to the charge of fraud, never was before the com-
mittee. 1 think such a charge is unsustained by
ascertained evidence. That is my opinion about
it. I express it decidedly. I express it with con-
fidence, with the freedom that becomes a man,
with the candor that is due to a Senator.
Well, now, sir, the sole question is, whether,
under the treaty of 1819, we ought to pay these
people interest. That is the sole question. The
principal has been paid. Mr. Woodbury paid it.
All the Secretaries have paid it. You went before
the courts. The judicial decision was, that you
should pay damages, with the interest added up
to the dateof thejudgment, by way of indemnity.
That is Gardinerism 1 I appeal to the Senator
from Delaware to show any other Gardinerism
than that. They have the judgment of the courts; |
it has been reversed as to interest by your Treas-
ury Department, but the integrity of the transac- !
tion is as free from suspicion as is the question of i
his compensation or mine. That is Gardinerism 1 j
That is the case which is presented to you. Not ;
one dollar is asked for by this amendment, but j
what the district court of the United States said
was due. What is demanded is interest upon the
judicial decisions of the courts of the United States
—not a dollar more. The judgments themselves,
under the treaty, required that we should pay
principal and interest. That was the decision
of your judge. The interest is a part of the judg-
ment; but our Secretary of the Treasury, in
reviewing the judgment, paid the principal, but
rejected the interest, on what they called a technical
rule. I say that when the provision of the treaty
was to make indemnity to a man who was injured,
it is not sufficient to pay him for the thing lost;
but you should pay him for the use of it, which
civilized nations have agreed to compound with
interest up to the time when it is paid. That is
all the Gardinerism there is in these Florida claims.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION AND PAS-
SENGER VESSEL BILLS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to some, and dis-
agreed to other of the amendments of the Senate
to House bill making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30lh of June, 1836; and that they
had agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the said bill with amendments. Also, that they
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the House bill to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments of the House to the
amendments cf the Senate, insist on our amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, to the Post
Office appropriation bill, and ask a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and that
the Chair appoint the managers on the part of the
Senate. 1 do not desire to be one of them. The
members of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads can take charge of it.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Rusk, Mr.
Brodhead, and Mr. Benjamin, were appointed
managers on the part of the Senate.
CIUL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL—AGAIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. It becomes my duty, not-
withstanding I may trespass upon the time of the
Senate, to make some observations respecting the
claims embraced in the amendment offered by my
honorable friend from Florida; and in doing so I
shall endeavor to confine myself to a statement
of facts, without designating the case as one of
Gardinerism, Galphinism, or anything else. In
1811, and 1812, and 1813, before and during the
war between the United States and Great Britain,
an insurrection occurred in East Florida, and the
parties attempted to establish a Government in-
dependent of the Spanish authorities. A large
number of armed men joined the so-called patriots,
some from the State of Georgia, and some from
other parts, but they mostly went into Florida,
through St. Mary's, Georgia. They did not suc-
ceed m establishing their new Government, for the
Spaniards called in the Seminoles to aid in repel-
ling them. The Indians, it seems, when the war
was raging did not discriminate much between
their Spanish allies, or the revolutionists, and vol-
unteers from Georgia. The first disturbance, or
the "patriot war" of 1811-'12, was succeeded by
an invasion of East Florida by an armed militia
force, under the command of Colonel Newnan,
of Georgia, and Colonel Williams, of Tennessee.
It has been said that these proceedings, in both
instances, had the countenance of the Federal
Government, and were under the secret acts and
resolution of Congress of 1811. But this was
expressly denied by Mr. Madison, then President,
and Mr. Monroe, Secretary of State. Regular
troops of the United States were on the borders
of Florida, and interfered to preserve our rights.
The patriots were defeated, and those that re-
mained in Florida were pardoned by the King of
Spain. The claims now urged are by the resi-
dents of East Florida in 1811,-'12,-'13, and are
not only preferred by those who were loyal
Spanish subjects, but even by some of thepatriot
insurrectionists, for spoliations by the Seminoles,
and the patriots and Georgia volunteers. They are
for houses burned, crops of corn and cotton de-
stroyed, horses, hogs, and cattle taken, and slaves
killed or stolenjand all kinds of injuries.
The second invasion was in 1814. General
Jackson, whilst in the service of the United States,
finding the Spaniards of West Florida, then a Span-
ish province, were incapable of fulfilling the duties
and obligations of neutrality, and that they har-
bored and permitted British incendiaries and white
and black renegades from the United States to
take advantage of that weakness and instigate the
savages on the frontiers to war—and they did com-
mit the massacre at Fort Mimms under such in-
stigation—with the United States troops under his
command, and militia regularly called into service,
chastised the Indians in several battles, and finally
drove them into West Florida, pursued them, and
took possession of Pensacola, and followed the
Indians in hot pursuit across several rivers, till
they fled into East Florida He acted under the
authority of the Uuited States, and under the law
of nations. This was during the war with the
British, and nobody ever disputed his right to
pursue the Indians as he did.
In 1817-'18, when we had no war on hand
except that with the southern Indians, whilst in
the service of the United States, with the regular
troops and militia under his command, after the
massacres on the frontiers,_ General Jackson at-
tacked the hostile Creeks and Seminoles on this
side the boundary, whipped them in several bat-
tles, and followed them in hot pursuit into West
Florida, again took possession of Pensacola, the
Barancas, and St. Marks, and drove the Indiana
a second time beyond the Suwanee. He execu-
ted two British subjects (Arbuthnot and Ambris-
ter) and several Indians at St. Marks, in April,
1818, and John Q.uincy Adams sustained him. He
defended him on the ground that the Spanish au-
thorities in Florida, and British incendiaries there,
aided, abetted, instigated, and harbored the sav-
ages; and that the laws of nations justified him.
Sir, we acquired the two Floridas by treaty in
1819, after these three different invasions, or, if
you choose, aggressions upon the Spanish terri-
tory. The treaty of 1819, ratified in 1821, is ex-
press, that as to all the recent or the late operations
of the American army in Florida, the United
States expressly stipulated that they would cause
satisfaction to be made for the injuries, if any,
which, by process of law, should be established
to have been suffered by the Spanish officers and
individual Spanish inhabitants. Mr. Crawford
