1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
was then Secretary of the Treasury. These were
the depredations of 1814-'18, upon what was
called "West Florida. Those which had been com-
mitted, as was alleged, in 1811, and 1812, and
1813, were in what is called East Florida. The last
■were those alluded to in the treaty as "recent"
or "late operations " of the American army.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my honorable friend
allow me to correct himHe will recollect that
in the Spanish version of the treaty the word
"recent," or the word " late," does not occur.
Mr. BUTLER. Colonel White, former Dele-
gate from Florida, started that idea. In the renun-
ciation of the claims to indemnity, the words
" recent events," or " transactions," are in both
versions; and the treaty refers only to the Federal
army and commanders. The fact is, that, from
the beginning to the end, there was an effort to
bring these East Florida claims of 1811,1812, and
1813 within the purview of the treaty. They never
were within it, and nobody formerly thought
them within it, except those who were interested
in the claims. Two clauses of the ninth article of
the treaty of 1819 provided that the United States
should indemnify those persons who had suffered
wrong or injury by the late or recent operations,
events, or transactions of the American army, or
commanders and officers of the United States—
Federal troops in the Floridas, and nothing else.
Thesq claims, in 1823, were, by law, referred to
the judges of Florida as commissioners, simply to
ascertain what were those injuries, and to report
them to the Secretary of the Treasury, with an
express stipulation that his judgment should be the
controlling and the final judgment upon the subject.
I am not mistaken on that point, because Chief
Justice Taney—and I have his opinion before me,
or rather the Supreme Court of the United States
—has so decided after argument by counsel, on a
case brought into that court in an effort to get a
judicial decree or a judicial sanction in some form
for those interest claims, which was denied by the
court. When the commissioners first sat, in 1823
and 1824, the judges of the different districts in
Florida, each being a commissioner for his dis-
trict, some few of the claimants for the alleged
spoliations of 1811, 1812, 1813, and of 1814, pre-
sented their claims to the judges. One of the
judges (Breckinridge, I think) would not decide
that any but the claims of 1818 were within the
treaty, but left that question to the decision of
the Treasury Department, taking the testimony,
and making a "provisional " award, in case the
Department should decide the claims anterior to
1818 were included. The East Florida judge, a
Mr. Smith, held that the claims of 1811, 1812,
and 1813, presented to him, were within the treaty,
and sent to the Department some cases for allow-
ance. Mr. Crawford was then Secretary of the
Teasury, and he was also a member of the Cab-
inet when the treaty with Spam was concluded,
in 1819.
On the claims for spoliations prior to 1818 being
presented to hisview,hesaid theyarenotembraced
by the treaty, and so indorsed on the papers of each
claim. There might have been some reason for
considering the claims founded on General Jack-
son's invasion of West Florida, in 1814, with an
army of the United States under his command,
and as a Federal commander in hot pursuit of the
hostile savages, and to dislodge and disperse the
British incendiaries harbored by the Spanish au-
thorities at Pensacola and St. Marks, who were
instigating the Indians to murder our southern
frontier population, as being within the treaty; but
he decided that the treaty never intended to reach
back even to those cases. As to the East Florida
claims, arising out of what was called the Palnot
war of 1811, 1812, and 1813, he refused to allow
any of them, on the express ground that the treaty
was not intended to include,and did not embrace,
them; and he refused to pay the claimants a single
cent. But they were not satisfied. They brought
their claims before Mr. Richard Rush, who sue- !
ceeded Mr. Crawford as Secretary of the Treasury, i
Mr. Rush gave them the same answer as his pre- !
decessor. He told them: Gentlemen, the treaty
does not go back to, and include, the injuries and
wrongs you allege were incurred at a period prior
to, or during, the war between the United States
and Great Britain.
Some of the East Florida claimants of 1826
then petitioned Congress, and contended their
claims were within the treaty. John duincy
Adams, who negotiated the treaty, and who, it ie
presumed, knew what claims were intended to be
included, was a member of Mr. Monroe's cabi-
net when Mr. Crawford decided these claims were
not embraced, and was President when Mr. Rush
decided the same way. They were the arbiters,
according to the terms of the law of 1823. Con-
gress, or more properly speaking, the House of
Representatives, again and again decided these
claims were not embraced within the treaty, by
approving of reports of its committees at differ-
ent sessions rejecting the claims on that express
ground. I have not the documents at hand, nor
time to go over them if I had, but I distinctly
recollect that Mr. Forsyth, in 1826; Mr. C. A.
Wickliffe, in 1827; and Mr. Archer, in 1830,1832,
and 1834, all made reports maintaining the doc-
trine that those claims were not strictly embraced
by the treaty, and confirming the decision of Sec-
retaries Crawford and Rush.
But these claimants pertinaciously persevered.
They would not be denied. They would not be con-
tent with the repeated decisions of the Executive,
and of the Legislature. They could not be choked
off. After some eleven years' importunity, at last,
in 1834, they procured an act to be passed. Now,
sir, what was then represented to Congress. Con-
fress was told that the whole amount of claims
id not amount to more than $41,000. The
amount of the East Florida claims for all the in-
vasions, which had, prior to 1834, been presented,
it is true, according to the papers sent by the judge
to the Treasury, amounted to about that sum.
Nobody had any idea that the claims would be
swelled up to millions. Congress was deceived.
It did not pass the act of 1834, because it sup-
posed these claims were embraced by the treaty.
The reports of the committee that reported the
bill show this. The prior reports and the action
of Congress upon them show it. The act of 1834
does not decide that these claims were in the treaty.
It only refers to the act of 1823 as furnishing the
modus operandi as to proofs and the rule of decis-
ion, and it provides expressly that none but Spanish
subjects should be allowed, and no losses except
those of the two years 1812 and 1813, or for depre-
dations prior to the entrance into East Florida of
the Federal agent or Federal troops. The decis-
ions of Secretaries Crawford and Rush are referred
to, and the cases allowed to be examined by the
judge of East Florida notwithstanding such decis-
ions; but it is a mistake to say the act of 1834
overruled their decision. The reports of the com-
mittee show this.
The three first are express and unequivocal that
the treaty has nothing to do with the claims. Mr.
Everett's report of 1829 suggests that they may be
brought within the treaty by extending its terms
pretty liberally. He thought, as we had acquired
Florida, and Spain was no longer an adversary,
and as the people had become our own citizens
and members of our own family, we might afford
to treat them kindly and generously, and pay them
the $41,000; and as that was the only claim they
preferred, even this was refused by Congress. Mr.
Archer's reports contain the same suggestions, but
take even a more liberal view than Mr. Everett's,
for while they deny the obligation for indemnity
under the treaty, they propose to allow them with-
out reference to the treaty. Mr. Archer expressly
said, that he concurred in the Treasury decisions.
So all the reports made by him contend. Mr.
White, the Florida Delegate, insisted, with great
vehemence and earnestness, that the claims were
within the treaty, his chief ground being alleged
error in translation; but he was overruled.
1 do not care who are concerned in it; the claim
that they were in the treaty was an impudent pre-
tension. They were not within the treaty. The
act was a gratuity, an indulgence, a kindness, a
liberal donation, nothing more. Congress said:
We will recognize it not at all as coming under
the obligation of the treaty , for the committees said
it did not. Inasmuch as it was cheapest to quiet
the claim, as it was only §41,000, the committee
concluded to report a bill, and allow the matter to
be referred to the courts in Florida as commis-
sioners to take testimony to ascertain by process
of law and certify what amount of injury was
really sustained.
Now, Mr. President, what do you think is the
fact in relation to this matter? Since they have
brought it up I will state it. Forty-one thousand
dollars was the utmost that was alleged originally
to have been due, before the liberal act of 1834
was passed; and yet, so soon as the act of 1834
passed swarms of claimants presented claims, and
upwards of §2,700,000 was claimed. Upwards of
#1,100,000 has been paid. Some of the patriot
revolutionists or insurrectionists have preferred
their claims, and have been allowed thousands of
dollars! The United States is asked to pay all
the losses on both and all sides, as well when the
Spaniards and patriots were fighting and plunder-
ing each other, or when the Seminole Indians
plundered either. This is fact, sir, proved by the
record. There have been several reports in the
Senate and the House in favor of paying the claims
of 1814. They had little to do with these claims.
There is more plausibility for saying the claims of
1814 were embraced by the treaty than there ie
for saying these claims are. The operations of
1814 were by authority of the United States, and
by Federal troops, and we may have been bound
by the law of nations to pay some damages, but
we were not bound to pay for the acts of the
patriots, filibusters, Indians, and Spaniards of
Florida in 1811, 1812, and 1813. Some of those
reports contend that the claims of 1814 should be
held to be withm the treaty because they were
later, and because Congress has held that those of
1812 were within it. This is a petitio principii.
Congress has never so held, and Congress has
refused steadily to sanction those reports; so that
they make nothing out of them.
I am very sorry that they have brought up this
subject. I do not intend to make an apology for
speaking upon it. If it was supposed that it would
go through the Senate without hearing my opinion
upon it, or the opinion of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, they were mistaken. I have never known a
claim with less justice, or one which, in my opin-
ion, has less in it to commend it to us. There are
agents, I suppose, persons interested in it, who
urge it with a great deal of pertinacity. I know
that many believe, because about §1,200,000 have
been stated by the judges, who acted as commis-
siSners, to be due, that interest ought to be given
upon that sum. But, sir, I say, the only parties
who really had a right to avail themselves of the
treaty of 1819, were those who suffered damages,
if you choose to say so, by the operations of
1818. They have never claimed interest. Those
who had no right, under the treaty, to claim at all 
have waited until they have got some foothold, as
they think, by the liberality of the Federal legis-
lation, and make this claim for interest. They
have got what they call a verdict—1 am told that
is the term they use—and they claim interest upon
it. They had no right to the principal, except
through the liberality of the Legislature, and after
they have secured that, they have claimed more
than those who were entitled under the treaty of
1819.
My colleague upon the committee [Mr. Pettjt]
has said something about the term " due process
of lav/" used in the treaty. I have stated, Mr.
President, that 1 have Chief Justice Taney's
opinion before me. He says, in regard to this due
process of law, in so many words, that the judges
to whom the acts of 1823 and 1834 referred these
claims, were but "commissioners," whose decis-
ions were under the control and supervision of
the Secretary of the Treasury; and, sir, those who
preferred their claims, and asked to have them
allowed under the act, cannot gainsay the provis-
ions of the act under which they ask relief, and
have no right to require any other "process of
law " than that which was contemplated, and
prescribed, and acted upon, under that very act.
The process of law which gentlemen talk about,
being prescribed under the very act by which these
claimants prefer their demand, it stands as an
estoppel to them. It was an act which was ex-
tended to them as a matter of liberality, and if
gentlemen choose to read Chief Justice Taney's
opinion, they will find that the very act under which
these gentlemen claim, prescribed the tribunal, and
the process of law by which their claims were to
be decided. Yet, sir, after that tribunal has
decided, they have an apex juris, a law that turns
upon a point—upon a pivot. I am impatient when
I hear it asserted that these claims are embraced
by the treaty; and that if they are, the acts of
1823 and 1834 do not afford a " judicial process,"
and next, that these parties can claim interest, as
upon a judgment or verdict. I know I have not
time to go into this matter fully; but I trust they
