1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1118
have gained nothing by their motion, in bringing
this before the Senate at this time of night. Let
the claim go to the court of claims if they have
jurisdiction of it, but what court Would decide in
their favor, with Crawford and Rush, and Chief
Justice Taney's adverse decisions. Secretary
Guthrie and Attorney General Cushing are also
both adverse to this claim, as their report of last
session shows. I do not include that of the ma-
jority of the Committee on the Judiciary, for I
will not say that it is much authority.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is there any other question
involved in this amendment than that of whether
the interest allowed by the courts ought to be
paid ? Is not that the only question that ia pre-
sented to us ? Is there any other?
'Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that there is
any other. The amendment seems to include all
the amount of principal allowed by the judges
and disallowed by the different Secretaries of the
Treasury since 1823; and there is about as much
right to allow the deductions of principal as there
is for allowing the interest for forty years past.
The Secretary of the Treasury reported at the last
session that the interest, up to last July, claimed,
was upwards of $1,500,000. There has been
already paid $1,100,000 principal. If the interest
was the only question it would be a pretty im-
portant one.
But, I have never heard of interest being al-
lowed in cases of this kind, even if the claims were
embraced by the treaty, much less if they were
mere gratuities. I cannot do myself justice in
going further into this matter; but, since lawyers
have set their judgments up in favor of this al-
lowance, I intend to go into it. 1 shall stand per-
haps condemned if 1 do not. I assert the true
principles of the case to be, that the claims are
not within the treaty—that the act of 1834, was a
gratuity—that interest cannot be claimed on losses
of this kind—that donees, like these claimants
have no right in law or equity to interest; and
that the Florida judges heard and awarded these
cases as commissioners, and not as a court. It
has been said under the authority of Todd, that
the judges of Florida could not be invested with
judicial powers as commissioners. In that case,
'Todd undertook to claim from the judges, as com-
missioners, their decision allowing a pension under
an act of Congress, and the Supreme Court said
to him, you have no right to our action, because
the " court" have not been appointed as " com-
missioners."
The Florida judge seems to think that he could
not act as commissioner. If the position is taken
that he could not act as "commissioner," how
and in what capacity did he act? Was his pro-
ceeding to make awards an usurpation ? Let them
take the ground that he did not act as commis-
sioner, and I will put them at defiance at once and
say his awards were no decisions at all. By the
acts of 1823 and 1834, the judges' awards were
subjected to the revision of the Secretary of the
Treasury. It must follow one way or the other.
If they were commissioners they did not act as
judges, and if they acted as judges they did not act
as commissioners. The Supreme Court said they
were commissioners, and not judges, not a court.
I have their authority for that, and that their
awards are not judicial decisions or decrees subject
to appeal.
I have detained the Senate much longer than I
expected; but I never felt more clearly convinced
upon any one subject than upon this. I believe
this claim is less founded in justice than any other
which 1 have examined. I went into its exami-
nation upon the supposition that it had in it some
justice. I have had a great deal said to me upon
the subject. I have been beleagured and invested
so closely that! had to lock myself up in my com-
mittee room. [Laughter.] But I think they have
made a mistake, a great mistake, in having this
matter urged for discussion here to-night.
How much do they want us to pay ? The
claims, including those of 1818, presented to the
judges up to this time amount to about $9,700,000.
The judges allowed about §1,159,000, and interest
at five per cent, on each from the 10th of May,
1813, amounting to about §1,280,000 more; in all,
$2,479,000. The Treasury Department allowed
and paid about $1,106,0*00, deducting about
$90,000, part of the principal and all of the in-
terest awarded by the commissioners, being,
together, $1,370,000. The amendment proposes
to pay the " full amount of the damages decreed
by the territorial judges, not heretofore- paid."
The amendment refers only to the cases in East
Florida, of 1811, 1812, and 1813; It does not
include the West Florida claims of 1814 and 1818,
amounting to some $85,000 more, of which about
$25,000 was allowed and paid, and $12,000 de-
ducted and $48,000 disallowed as not being within
the treaty, and this does not include any interest.
These will come by and by.
It is said that no specific appropriation is ne-
cessary in this amendment, as the acts of 1823 and
1834 contain a continuing appropriation, out of
which the balance claimed, principal and interest,
can be paid if allowed. If so, the claim has no
business in this appropriation bill. It seems the
amendment is broad enough to cover the whole
amount awarded by the Florida judges, includ-
ing the deductions made from the awards at the
Treasury. This amendment, if it passes, will, I
presume, cover about $1,370 000, being the amount
awarded by the commissioners, principal and in-
terest, after deducting the $1,106,000 paid. Then
there is interest up to this time amounting to
$250,000 more, not "more or less," but more.
These claimants, I verily believe, never had a
shadow of right under the law of nations, or any
other law, or upon any principle of justice, to de-
mand of the United States one cent of what they
call the principal, much less any interest. What
Congress has allowed them has been a gratuity, a
gift, a donation, and nothing more. And they
complain and ask for interest because it was not
given to them sooner, and because the gift was
not more liberal. Of all the persons in the United
States preferring claims to Congress I believe
these claimants have the least right. They have
already got about $1,000,000 out of the Treasury
under the act of 1834, though it was represented,
to get that act passed, the whole amount did not
exceed $41,000. Yes, sir! they have got this
$1,000,000, and they have so run it through these
technical funnels that I do not know what, in the
progress of the business, they may make out of it.
[Laughter.) The claim for interest upon the value
of the property destroyed, or taken, or injured, is
first founded on the word " losses " in the treaty,
and hence the judges allowed it in their award.
The award of the judge is called a verdict or judg-
ment, and then it is said the interest is due upon
the claim awarded as upon a " liquidated de-
mand." A doctor, it is said, once congratulated
himself when he was told his medicine had thrown
his patient into fits, and exclaimed, " I—butl will
not repeat the story. Sir, I do notthink these claims
have been, as yet, brought within the treaty; nor
that, if they were within it, there is anything in the
treaty, or in the acts of 1823 or 1834, that makes
the judges'awards, either of principal or interest,
final and conclusive; so that the revision by the
Secretary of the Treasury, disallowing and deduct-
ing the principal when exorbitant, and the inter-
est, in all cases, is to pass for nothing; and that
the claimants are entitled to have those disallow-
ances and deductions, and all back interest paid
to them. Such claim is preposterous. It is ex-
travagant, sir, positively extravagant, and with-
out reason, right, or justice. I regard it as one of
those claims which is asserted with the idea that
there is a congressional judgment different from
that which would be pronounced by any other
tribunal. Sir, I do not hesitate to say that there
are many claims urged here which could not be
urged anywhere else. I make no imputation,
because there are differences of opinion among us;
but there is a congressional chord which will give
a response to anything styled a verdict that you
could not find in any tribunal upon earth, governed
by fixed rules of justice and right. 1 am sorry
that I have taken up so much time; but I am pos-
itive upon this subject. If Senators, however,
mean to sustain this claim, be it so.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not my design to dis-
cuss this measure anymore; but some friends are
apprehensive, perhaps, that the honorable Senator
from Delaware, whom I addressed just now, may
misinterpret or misunderstand the extent of my
remarks; it is, therefore, due to the Senate, and to
myself, and to my feelings towards that honorable
Senator, to state distinctly that, in declaring, as I
did, that all charges of fraud upon my constituents
I considered false, I designed no imputation upon
the honorable Senator, for whose public and pri-
vate character I have the highest regard, and with
whom my relations, social and official, have ever
been cordial and kind.
Mr. MORTON. It is foreign from my inten-
tion, Mr. President, to take any part in this dis-
cussion. I would prefer to leave it to the mem-
bers of the Committee on the Judiciary, as there
are important legal questions involved. But, in
consequence of the turn which this debate has
taken, I would be Wanting in duty to my con-
stituents and myself if I did not say a few words.
My friend from South Carolina, in his argument,
if I may use the expression, has traveled out of
the record; indeed, he has gone behind it. If he
had been representing the United States, before
the court which adjudicated these claims, then,
perhaps, his argument would have been well
enough.
But, Mr. President, the question of the validity
of these claims is not before the Senate. The
question is whether this Government will comply
with a solemn treaty stipulation made and ratified
more than thirty years ago. By the last clause of
the ninth article of the treaty of Febfuary 22d,
1819, between the United States and Spain, it was
agreed that " the United States will cause satis-
faction to be made for the injuries, if any, which,
by the process of law, shall be established to have
been suffered by the Spanish officers and individ-
ual Spanish inhabitants by the late operations of
the American Army."
To give effect to this clause of the treaty, Con-
gress, on the 3d of March, 1893, passed " An act
to carry into effect the ninth article of the treaty
concluded between the United States and Spain on
the22d of February, 1819." The first section of
that act authorized and directed the judges of the
superior courts, established at St. Augustine and
Pensacola, m the Territory of Florida, respect-
ively, to receive and adjust all claims arising
within their respective jurisdictions, of the inhab-
itants of said Territory, or their representatives,
agreeably to the provisions of the said ninth arti-
cle. The second section required the decisions
made by the said judges, and the evidence on
which they were founded, to be reported to the
Secretary of the Treasury, who, on being satisfied
that the same were just and equitable, within the
provisions of the treaty, were required to pay the
amount thereof to the parties entitled thereto.
There were two invasions of East Florida, that
of 1812—' 13 and that of 1818. There were, also,
two invasions of West Florida, the first in 1814,
, and the other in 1818. The judge at St. Augus-
j tine adjudicated the losses occasioned by the
i operations of the American army in 1812-'13 and
] 1818. When the claims were presented at the
| Treasury, Mr. Rush, the then Secretary, paid
j those of 1818, but refused to pay those of 1812-
'13, alleging that his immediate predecessor, Mr.
Crawford, had decided that the word " late" had
reference to the last operations of the army in
1818. The losses sustained by the inhabitants
of West Florida in 1818 were likewise paid, but
those of 1814 have not been paid to this day,
upon one flimsy pretext or another. This, how-
ever, Mr. President, has nothing to do with the
question now under consideration, as the claims
of West Florida are embraced in a separate and
independent bill now pending before the Senate.
The losses sustained by" the people of East
Florida in 1812-'13, were the heaviest, and after
much delay, Congress, on the 2GthJune, 1834,
passed an act directing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay all the claims of the people of East
Florida for losses sustained in 1812-'13 that had
been adjudicated, and where the claimants had
failed to have their losses adjudicated in conse-
quence of the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury that they were not embraced by the
treaty, the judge of the superior court at St. Augus-
tine was authorized to receive, examine, and ad-
judge such claims as the parties had failed to
present. The judges at St. Augustine did adjudi-
cate these claims, and, as a part of the damages
sustained, they awarded five per cent, interest
from 1813 to 1834; and, Mr. President, the prin-
cipal of these claims have been paid at the Treas-
ury, but the interest has not been, and the claim-
ants are now asking Congress that it will direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the balance
of the damages which have been awarded them
by the court.
My friend from South Carolina speaks of the
small amount of claims which were first presented
