1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
made an appropriation for the construction of a
marine hospital at Cincinnati. The site has been
purchased, and there is a surplus remaining. The
Secretary of the Treasury asks for $75,000 addi-
tional to enable him to make the construction. I
therefore offer this amendment, to come in under*
the " miscellaneous head:"
For the construction of a building for a marine hospital
at Cincinnati, Ohio, $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I have an amendment which
is desired by the Treasury Department in respect
to the fees of United States clerks in the Territo-
ries, simply to extend the provisions of the law
to Territories as it exists in respect to States. It
is to insert the following additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act of February 26, 1853, " to regulate the fees and
costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of tbe United ritatps, and for other
purposes," are hereby '^tended to the Territories of Min-
nesota, New Mexico, and Utah, as fully in all particulars,
as they would be had the word u Temtones " been mseited
in the sixth line after the word " States," and the >amehad
read u m the several States and m the Territories of the
United Plates Un>. clause to take elfri-t fioni and after the
date of *;nd not, ;md the accounting otheers will settle the
accounts within its purview accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I offer an amendment,recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
purpose of establishing an officer to carry out the
reciprocity treaty between this coantry and the
British Provinces:
Slc. — jind be it further enacted, Tliat [here be ap-
pointed a consul general to reside in the British North
American Provinces, with a salary of .$4,000 per annum;
and the sum of §4,000 is hereby appropriated for that object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STU A.RT. I have one other amendment,
on the recommendation of the Committee on Com-
merce and the Department of the Treasury, for
marine hospitals at Burlington, Vermont, and
Wilmington, North Carolina. It is to insert these
additional sections:
Hi-c. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That Hie Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to oau&e
to be constiueted the following buildings:
At Burlington, Vermont, a marine hospital, to cost not
inure than $3."i,OUO.
Af Wilmington, North Carolina, a marine hospital, in-
cluding a pest-house, for the sepaiate accommodation of
patients with contagious and infective diseases, to cost not
more thau $40,000.
Skc. —. -And be U-further enacted, That the several sums
mentioned in the preceding section as the costof the build-
ing-* therein authorized to be constructed, together m ith ten
pet centum thereon, to cover the compensation of archi-
tects, Mipennii nihiif, advertising, and other contingent
expenses, and so much as may be iripured to purchase
wuitable sites jor *aid building*, be, and the samo are here-
by, appiopriated for the ptupoM's aforesaid, out o( any
money in the TtoaMiry not otherwise appropriated: P)0-
tu!c,!s That no money hea-by appiopriated shall be u^ed or
applied lor the pu  poses mentioned until a valid title for the
laud lor the site of such building shall, in each ca^o, be
vested m the United Slat**4-, and until the Stale r-hall duly
release and relinquish to the United St'Ur-s the right to tax
(>1 in any way a^e*-* Mud sue, or the pioperty ol the United
State* that may be ihtieon,during the tune that the United
Bute* c-hcdl bo or remain the ownoi thereol.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to submit an amendment for
the erection of custom-houses at Bristol, Rhode
Island; Pensacola, Florid a; Cleveland, Ohio; Piatts-
burg, New York; Alexandria, Virginia; and Barn-
stable, Massachusetts—all of which are recom-
mended by the Department. The amendment is
to add the following additional sections:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, ThattheSeeretaryof
the Treasuty be, and'he is hereby, authorized and directed
to eaubC to be constructed the tallowing buildings:
At Bristol, Rhode Island, for the accommodation of the
custom-house and post oflrce, abuildmg of brick, with fire-
pi out floors, constructed of iron beams and brick-work, iron
roof, shutters, &e , twenty five feet by thirty, and
twenty-five feet high, to cost not more than $L2,500;
At Pensacola, Florida, for the accommodation of the
cu&tom-house, post office, and United States court, a build-
ing of like materials, thirty-five bv fifty feet, and forty feet
high, to cost not more than ,$35.000;
At Cleveland, Ohio, fur the accommodation of the cus-
tom-hou«e, post office, and United State4* court, a building
of stone, eighty-five by sixty feet, and sixty feet high, of
hke floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c., to costnot more than
$£8,000 ;
At Plattsburg, New York, for the accommodation of the
custom-house, postoffice, and United States court, a build-
ing of brick, of likr floors, roof, beams, abutters, &c., forty-
five feet bv -sixty, and forty-eight feet high, to cost not more
thau $50,000;
At Alexandria, Virginia, to accommodate the custom-
house, po^t office, and United States court, a building of
brick, of like floors, beams, roof, shutters, «c., forty-tive
feet by sixty, and forty-eight feet high, to cost not more than
$50.000;
At llainstable, Massachusetts, for the accommodation of
the custom-house and post office, a building of brick, of
hke floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c., forty-five feet by
thirty-two, and thirty-two feet high, and to costnot more
than §20,000.
Sec.—. J3nd he it further enacted, That the several
sums mentioned in the preceding section of this act as the
cost ofthe buildings therein authorized to be conducted,
together with ten per cent, thereon to cover the compensa-
tion of architects, superintendents, advertising, and other
contingent expenses, and so much as may be required to
purchase suitable sites for said buildings, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the purposes aforesaid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shall be
used or applied for the purposes mentioned until a valid
title to the land for the site of such buildings in each ca>e
shall be vested in the United States, and until the State
shall also duly release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or in any way assess said site or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be theieon, during the
tune that the United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that from a committee?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir,from the Committee
on Commerce, and recommended by the Depart-
ment of the Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. May I appeal to the Senator
from New York, knowing how httletime we have,
to refrain from offering these custom-house amend-
ments which have been such a source of contention
heretofore?
Mr. SEWARD. There is no contention about
them at ail. They are in all parts of the Union,
including Pensacola, Alexandria, and Barnstable.
Mr. HUNTER. No matter where they are,
it is wrong. They ought not to go on this bill.
I only regret that 1 have not time to oppose the
amendment. 1 cannot see anything but the loss
ofthe bill to result from adding such propositions.
Mr. J3RODUEAD. I do not wish to debate
this question, but 1 perceive that this amendment
provides for the building of a number of custom-
houses and post offices and court-houses through-
: out the United States; and yet, the great cities of
i Philadelphia, New York, and Boston, are without
j structures of this kind. I move, therefore, the
I following amendment to the amendment:
j And that the following sums be appropriated for tte pur-
| chase of sites and erection of buildings for the use of the
1 courts oftlie United States, and po<;t offices: forthecityof
! New York, $.k>0,000; forthecityof Philadelphia,$475,000;
I for the city ot Boston, ,$400,000 ; the same to be expended
under the direction of the Piesidentof the United States
and the Secretary of the Interior, and Postmaster General.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall vote all these
propositions down.
The amendment to the amendment wasrejected;
and the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Skward,
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. JAMES. One of these appropriations is
asked for a place in my own State, Bristol, where
there have been $5,000,000 of revenue collected
and paid into the Treasury in a single year; and
yet the Government does not own a budding there.
Jt has to hire a place m which to deposit its records
which are liable to be burned at any time. There
is no case which has come before the Senate where
a proper building is so much needed for the pur-
poses of the Government.
Mr. WADE. There is no appropriation in
this bill which is more necessary than that pro-
posed in theamendment for theerection of a build-
ins; for a custom-house, court-house, and post
oiRce, at Cleveland, Ohio. There is no court-
house, no post office building there, and no oppor-
tunity to do the public business of the United
States; and yet,as the report which superinduced
the offering of this amendment shows, there is
more post office business done in thecity of Cleve-
land than in Cincinnati, or almost any city of the
whole West, but there are no conveniences pro-
vided for the accommodation of that business.
There is no place to hold the courts. By the
recent action of Congress, the State of Ohio has
been divided into two judicial districts, and it is
provided by law that the district and circuit courts
for the northern district of Ohio shall be held in
the city of Cleveland, but there is no place pro-
vided for the holding of those courts.
Mr. PETTIT. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether there is not a county court-house where
the State courts are held ?
Mr. WADE. There is a county court-house,
but a very poor one.
Mr. PETTIT. It was only built about twenty-
five years ago. I have thought it was a very good
one.
Mr. WADE. That court-house is constantly
in use for the legitimate purposes for which it was
designed. The Department has recommended
this appropriation, and if there is any question
about it, I ask that the report of the Department
may be read. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. SEWARD. Each of them is recommended
by the Department, and there is a specific estimate
for each.
Mr. WADE. There is a specific report show-
ing the propriety and necessity of the building at
Cleveland, and if there is any question about it,
I ask that the report may be read.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
ask for the reading of any reports. Let us take
a vote. I have nothing to say; the Senator has
made his speech, and now let us take the vote.
Mr. WADE. I will not insist on the reading
of the report.
Mr. MORTON. I am not going to make a
speech, but I rise to express my regret at the op-
position to this little amendment. It comes regu-
larly before the Senate by the estimates of the
Department for certain custom-houses not in the
large cities of the United States. We have been
voting large amounts to the great cities of the
Union, and now these small towns ask for but a
small appropriation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the adoption of the amendment of Mr. Seward,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Belt, Butler, Cass,
Cooper, root, Gwin, James, Johnson, Mallory, Mason,
Mouon, Pearee, Sebantian, Seward, Stuart, Sumner,
Toucey, Wade, Walker, Weller, Wells, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. lirodhead, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter,
Jones oflowa, Pettit, Rusk, and Thompson of Kentucky—8.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to submit a further amend-
ment which is asked for by the Treasury Depart-
ment:
Jlnd be it further enacbed, That the Secretary of the
Treasuiy is hereby authorized to appoint for the collection
district of New Yoik five weighers and twenty inspectors,
in addition to the number heretofore allowed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I have another amendment,
in relation to the compensation of weighers, meas-
urers, gaugers, and inspectors, recommended by
the Department:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the weighers,
gaugers, and measurers for the collection district of New
Vork shall hereafter receive a compensation at the late of
$2,000 each per annum; and inspectors for the said dis-
tuct shall, hereafter, receive as compensation a sum not
exceeding four dollars per day each for their services.
Mr. HUNTER. The provision ought to be
extended to more ports than New YorS. If we
begin with that subject I do not know where we
shall end. I believe the inspectors ought to have
more, but I do not think the provision ought to be
put on this bill now.
Mr. SEWARD. I have limited it to the recom-
mendation of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am also instructed by the
same committee to offer the following amend-
ment:
And that the compensation of collectors of customs at
Sandusky, Toledo and Cleveland, be hereafter the same as
now allowed hy law to the collector at Detroit.
The amendment was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to make an appeal to the
Senate to lay aside the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill and take up the post route bill. That
is a very long bill, which has yet to be enrolled,
and examined. I understand the Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] does not propose to add
any amendment, and I hope none will be offered.
If any be presented I fear the bill will be entirely
lost. There are a large number of post routes
necessary to be provided for the new Territories.
Mr. WELLER. It was my intention the other
day to offer an amendment to this bill, but I fear
now that the bill itself will be lost if I attempt to
amend it. It was my design to move a provision
for the transportation of the mail from St. Louis,
Missouri, to San Francisco, overland—a measure,
in my judgment, of the utmost importance*, but it
was proposed last night in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and defeated there by a large majority,
