1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HIT
I regret to pay. I will not, therefore, endanger
the passage of this bill by pressing that question
so late in the session.
Mr. GrWIN. I shall move to amend this bill.
I want a proposition attached to have a weekly
mail; the one rejected in the House was for a daily
mail.
The PR.ESIDENT. The first question is on
taking up the bill. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. JAMES. I shall object if gentlemen are
going to debate it.
Mr. RUSK. Very well, sir; I shall make no
further effort.
Mr. JAMES. I will withdraw the objection
if Senators will not go into debate upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I have no desire to debate it.
Mr. RUSK. Nor have I.
Mr. JAMES. 1 withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The bill of the House of Representatives to
establish certain post roads was read twice by its
title and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. I shall move an amendment to it.
Mr. RUSK. I desirethe Senator from Califor-
nia to consider the length of the bill, and to recol-
lect that if his amendment is added to it, both the
bill and the amendment will be certainly lost in
the House of Representatives.
Mr. GWIN. The Houseare now pretty much
out of business; we know they have plenty of time.
The proposition rejected in the House was to
establish a daily express mail. The amendment
which I propose was reported on favorably by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, of
which the Senator from Texas himself is chair-
man. It proposes a weekly express mail which
will pay for itself, requiring fifty cents to be paid
in advance on each half ounce letter, and the same
amount for each additional half ounce. This is
one of the most important measures proposed at
this session. Sir, we have lost our Pacific rail-
road bill; and are you going to give us no con-
nection by land between California and the Mis-
sissippi valley? I undertake to say that if the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads will permit this amendment to go on
the bill it will not be lost.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it likely that this sub-
ject will lead to debate. If so, 1 must ask that it
be laid aside for the present, and that we go on
with the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. COOPER and others. We will vote this
down immediately.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from California will be lead.
It was read, as follows:
That the Postmaster General of the United States be, and
he is hereby, directed, without delay s to advertise three
months for proposals to carrv an express mail weekly, each
way, from some point on the Mississippi river to San Fran-
cisco, in California, m the shortest practicable time, not
exceeding fourteen days. The po&tage on the letters ear-
ned by such nmtl to be at the rate of fitly cents for each
half ounce, or less, and to be always prepaid. A failure,
from any cause, to complete the trip witlun sixteen days, to
work an absolute forfeiture of payment for that trip. And
the Postmaster General shall, at his discretion, accept the
proposals most beneficial to the United States, and contract
with the person offering the same; but the compensation
sbaJJ not exceed $6,000 per trip. The contract shall last
not more than five j-ears, and the service shall commence
within one year. The contractors shall have the privilege
of using for stations or depots any necessary and unsurveyed
portion of the public lands, not exceeding one section in
anyone place, nor any two places nearer than twenty miles
from each other. The weight of the mail and contents car-
ried shall not exceed two hundred pounds, unless directed
by the Postmaster General, and in case of such increased
weight the compensation shall be increased pro rata. After
the hrst year the contract may be annulled by the President
absolutely in case of failure to effect the delivery of the
mail within sixteen days on three successive tups, ihe
Postmaster General may issue the neces&ary directions to
regulate the transmitting, carrying, and protection ot the
mail.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I shall vote for the amend-
ment, because 1 am decidedly in favor of the con-
veyance of an overland mail from St. Louis to
San Francisco. Although I prefer a daily express,
I vote for the proposition of my colleague to estab-
lish a weekly express, but yet I am perfectly sat-
isfied that it cannot succeed. It is offered here
now, on the last day of the session, as an amend-
ment to a very long bill, and I am satisfied that it
will be defeated.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly confident that if
the_Senate put this amendment on the bill, there
is no danger of its being lost.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Brainerd, Fessenden,
Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Gram, Mallury, Morton, Seward,
Shields, Wade, Walker, alnd-Weller—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass,
Clay, Cooper, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Johnson, Jones
of Iowa, Mason, Pemt, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, sSIidcll,
Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Welts, and Wil-
son—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer, as an amendment, to
include among post routes:
From Wetumpka, Alabama, via Buckleville, Travellers'
Rest, and WegotTee, to Sally Coger's.
Mr. RUSK. I hope my friend from Missis-
sippi will withdraw that amendment. No amend-
ment can be adopted without defeating the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third lime, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer an amendment, which
is recommended by the Department, and concurred
in by the Committee on Commerce:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That $1,696 50 be
appropriated to supply a deficiency m the appropriation for
building four ptearn diedgc boats m use by the War Depart-
ment, on Lakes Champlain, Erie, Michigan, and Ontario,
to be applied for materials, machinery, tools, ami labor,
turnished in painting said boats.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I now offer an amendment
on my own responsibility. It is to insert after
the appropriation for transportation of bullion from
the New York assay office to the Mintfor coinage:
Provided, That all bullion required by Jaw to be trans-
mitted from said office to the Mint for coinage shall, if prac-
ticable, be in the form of refined bars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest to
the Senate that, if it be their pleasure, he would
prefer recognizing gentlemen representing com-
mittees in the order in which those committees
stand on the printed list. ["Agreed!"}
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Foreign Relations. It is
For paying to Asijurv Dickins the difference between the
compensation of the head of a Department and the chief
clerk of a Department, for the time he acted as Secretaiy
of State and Secretary ot ttieTreasuiv, by appointment fiom
I'j esident Jackson, to be ascertained t.y the proper account-
ing officer, a sum not exceeding $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. In offering amendments yester-
day of the class of secretaries of legation, there
was one which, in the noise and confusion, escaped
me. I ask now to be allowed to offer it from the
Committee on Foreign Relations. It is to add, as
an additional section:
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
C. E. Anderson, late secretary of legation of the United
States at Paris, the sum of $1,659 72, it being the difference
between the compensation received by him as secretary of
legation and that of a chargd d'affaires, from the 1st day of
Apnl, to the 29th day of November, 1837, during which
period he acted m the latter capacity.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Finance, to carry out a
law which we have just passed. It is to insert,
after the appropriation for salaries of Judges of
the Supreme Court:
For the salary of the circuit judge of California, $4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. We have already agreed to
fix the salary of circuit judges of the United States
at $7,000, and 1 do not know why the circuit judge
in California should be paid only $4,500. I move
to strike out " #4,500," and insert " $7,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Four thousand five hundred
dollars is the salary fixed by law. I hope we
shall appropriate what is fixed by law, and not go
further.
Mr. WELLER. When that law was passed,
; it was intended to give this judge the same salary
■ as is allowed to the judges of the Supreme Court
| of the United States. We have since put an
amendment on this bill increasing their compensa-
tion to $7,000. I do not see, therefore, why the
salary of the circuit judges in California should
be fixed at less than that amount.
Mr. GWIN. In the debate on the bill, gentle-
men stated that theground on which they voted for
a salary of §4,500 was expressly to make it equal
to the salary of a Judge of the Supreme Court.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
California move to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia was
agreed to ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir; I do.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I give notice that I shall
renew the motion after the hill shall have been
reported to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to propose this amendment,
as a separate section:
For obtaining information on the insects injurious to
vegetation and the fruits of the United States, and procur-
ing drawings and models of the same, as far as practicable,
$12,000; said information to be embodied m the annual
agricultural report, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
I shall not support the amendment by anything
like a speech, but simply say that it is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of Patents, and
also by the United States Agricultural Society,
which has lately been in session in this city.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment, to
come in at the end of the second section:
That the second section of the act of 31st of August,
1859, which provides that the clerks, messenger*, watch-
men, and laboreis, employed at an annual salary or m
temporary positions in the Executive Departments of the
Government at the City of Washington, whose annual com-
pensation does not exceed 61,200, shall, m addition thereto,
be allowed an increased compensation ot twenty per cent.,
bhall be construed to include the principal clerk at the Na-
tional Observatory at Washington; and that, hereafter, tile
salary of said clerk shall be $1,500 per annum.
This is to correct an oversight in the act of 1859.
Mr. STUART. I hope it will not be agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to go on the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. This clerk is not included
in the general provision; and the Department says
he is entitled to the compensation, but, by a tech-
nicality, he cannot be paid it.
The amendment was agreed-to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments are in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to move to add after the
words "Land Office," in the provision for the
compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, the words " whose salary shall be
$4,000." The Commissioner of the General Land
Office is the most laborious head af a bureau that
we have. The amendment has been agreed to by
the Committee on Public Lands of the House of
Representatives, having been brought to their
attention by the Senate committee. It could not
be offered in that House; their rules of order
exclude it; but at the instance of the House com-
mittee, as well as of our own committee, I am
instructed to offer it. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office has, I doubt not, the heaviest
duties to discharge of any head of a bureau under
this Government. He has to pass upon cases of
the most complex and difficult character. The
salary he now receives is $3,000. The committee
believe that a salary of $4,000, under the circum-
stances, is not too much for him, and, therefore,
they have instructed me to offeuAhis amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It must be an extreme case
which would make me interpose a word at this
late period of the session. I have only to say that,
if we raise the salary of one of the -heads of bu-
reaus, we shall have to raise them all. That is
inevitable.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Why not increase the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions, also? 1
agree with what my friend from Arkansas says;
but we have passed a bounty land law imposing
increased duties on both the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the Commissioner of Pen-
sions; and if we increase the salary of the one I
insist that the head of the Pension Office shall also
be included.
Mr. WELLER. I only desire to say that I
fell into an error last night, in speaking of the addi-
