1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tional expense incident to this Government in con-
sequence of the bounty land law, of which the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] is
thefalher. I said the annual expense would be
$80,000. I understand, in fact, thatit will be about
$200,000. In other words, it will cost the Gov-
ernment $200,000 per annum to distribute to the
old soldiers the land provided for in that bounty
land act.
Mr. BADGER. I congratulate my two friends
from Virginia, who are both desirous of depleting
the Treasury, upon that announcement. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ADAMS. I had no disposition to inter-
fere with these salaries, but if they are to be in-
creased anywhere, I think the most striking injus-
tice within my knowledge is the case of the Second
Comptroller, who performs equal duties with the
First Comptroller, but receives$500 less. I feel it
to be my duty to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment, that the Second Comptroller shall receive
§3,500, so as to put him on an equality with the
'iret.
The amendment to tlie amendment was rejected.
The original amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the authority of the same
committee, I move to insert after the word "New
Mexico, "in the clause for compensation of the sur-
veyor general of that Territory, " whose salary
shall be $4,500." The Committee on Public Lands
of the House of Representatives concur with the
Senate committee in urging that this increase
should lie made. The salary of the surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico is now but $3,000, while the
pay of the same officer in California and Oregon is
JJ4.500, though the expenses of living are no greater
in the one case than in the other. In addition to
that, the surveyor general of New Mexico is ap-
pointed a commissioner of land titles, having, in
that respect, most difficult and arduous duties to
discharge. The case of a surveyor general of that
Territory, therefore, stands out single ant! apart
from any other in the character and extent of the
duties to be discharged, while the Territory itself
appears from the evidence before the committee,
and the declarations made from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office as to the truth of that
evidence, to be equal in expense to any part of the
Union. Twenty dollars a barrel for flour hasbeen
the standing price for I do not know how long.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted in accord-
ance with the wishes of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the same
committee to Gtrike out " $7,000," and insert
" $18,500" in the same clause; so that, as amended,
it shall read "for compensation of the surveyor
general of New Mexico, whose salary shall be
$4,500, nnd the clerks in his office, $18,500."
This amendment is offered by the committee upon
the authority of an estimate from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The original
estimates on which this clause was founded were
made without having the necessary information
from the office in New Mexico, and consequently
were insufficient. If it is desired by gentlemen I
ehall have the letters on the subject read.
Several Senators. That is not necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I content myself
by saying that this is for the actual expenses of
the office, and the payment of the salaries of the
clerks and employees under the surveyor general
in New Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am further instructed by
the same committee to move to amend the clause
" for the compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska," by inserting after Neb-
raska, " whose salary shall be $3,500. There is
but one surveyor general for both those Terri-
tories whose salary is now $3,000. It appears
from a report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that, in consideration of the cost of
everything in those Territories, ^3,500 is not
deemed too large a salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr JOHNSON. The next amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands is to strike out of the
provision for the compensation of the surveyor
general of Utah " three" and insert "four," so
that the clause shall read:
For compensation of thf  surveyor general of Utah Ter-
ritory, $4,(JOB.
In the classification of the position of these sev-
eral offices, the duties which are attached to each,
and the expense of living, it will be found, that
while each is different, there has been an effort to
preserve a regular proportion. Pour thousand
dollars is recommended by the Department for
this office, and I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The next is to insert, after
the clause providing for the pay of the draughts-
man employed upon the maps of the public lands
for the House of Representatives, the following:
And the draughtsman employed on the maps of the public
lands, under the charge of the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, shall be paid the same compensation as is paid
to the draughtsman similarly employed under the direction
of the Seriate.
This amendment was presented to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands of this body from the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and con-
sidered by us and approved.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. JOHNSON. The next amendment is to
insert at the end of the clause appropriating for
the pay of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and the clerks and other officers in his
bureau, this proviso:
Provided, That the difference between the amount paid
to the several principal accountants of the General Land
Office, and that contemplated for such servicc by the act
of July 4th, 1836, reorganizing that office, shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
The necessity for this amendment originates in
the fact that the sum of $1,400 was fixed as the
salary for four accountants in the General Land
Office, and from three of those accountants the
amount of $100 was diverted, leaving them at
$1,300. There is a difference of $100 perannum,
consequently, against them. This is to authorize
them to receive the amount to which they are
properly entitled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments will be re-
ceived from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have two amendments
to offer now, which escaped my attention in time
to be added to the Indian appropriation bill.
One is:
For the salary of three Indian agents in the State of Cali-
fornia, $9,C00; which sum can be applied to the payment
of the salaries of said agents from and after the date of
their appointment.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend thatamend-
ment by adding:
And that in the settlement of the accounts of E. P. Beale,
late hupmnvnd<'nt of Indian affairs in California, the
accounting officer?, of the TnMbuiy be authorized to allow
him the amount actually paid by him to interpreters during
the yearn 16,>3 and 1854, upon producing satisfactory
vouchers therefor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I haveno objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be auihorized, m his discretion, to allow the employ-
ment of temporary clerks by superintendents of Indian
aff.tirs, upon &uch occasions, and for suc.li periods of time
as he may deem necessary for the public service, for which
purpose there is hereby appropriated the sum of #5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer this amendment
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to come in
as an additional section:
Sec. —. -And he if further enacted, That the treaties made
during the present Congress with the Indian tribes, and
those to be made m future, ehall be published as the laws
and othertreaaes m the newt-papers of such States and Ter-
ritories as the Secretary of the Interior may think expe-
dient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
Sec. —. *find be it further enacted, That the sum of .$765,
the balance of.$2,20Udirected to be paid to JainefeT. Miller,
and Pjne-y-oh-te-mah, or either of them, by the Senate
amendment to the treaty with the Miami Indians, made in
August, lfco4, be, and the same is hereby, directed to be
paid to Miller and Pyne y oh-te-mah, out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs t© offer this amend-
ment:
For arrearages due the Choctaw Indians under various
treaty stipulations, as per report and statement of the proper
accounting officer, transmitted by the Secretary of the In-
terior, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 10th of
March, ltf53, to be paid over or expended for the benefit of
the Choctaw nation, as may be required by the authorized
delegation theieof m Washington, $ .
The PRESIDENT. There is a blank in the
amendment which should be filled.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think it should be
$72,000; but I will get the precise amount before
the bill is passed. The amount to be inserted
should be that reported by the Auditor and Comp-
troller, and by reference to their report it can be
ascertained.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
laid over until the amount can be ascertained.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also instructed, by
the same committee, to offer this amendment:
To pay the amount for interest due the Cbickasaws at the
late oi five per cent, perannum, m pursuance of the treaty of
1632, on the sum of $112,042 99, improperly chargcd to said
nation according to the decision of the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, from 1st of September, 1837, until
the 9th of March, 1800, $72,960 2o.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Sec.—. Jlndbeit further enacted, That, in accordance
with the memorial ot the Menomonee Indians to the Pres-
ident and Congress, dated the 4th of October, 1854, and
execmed m general council of the nation, the Secretary of
the Treasury pay to Richard W. Thompson, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, one half
of the amount stipulated in said memorial and in an agree-
ment of said Indians with s>-ud Thompson, dated the 13th
of February, 1851, for services as attorney for said Indians
in the prosecution of a claim in their behalf for additional
compensation for lands ceded by them to the United States
by the treaty of 1848. And that the sum so paid bededucted
from the annuities, when due and payable, that arc to be
paid to thesaid Indians under the treaty of the 12th of May,
1854, and the amendments thereto.
This is the same claim which was presented
some time ago to the Senate, and which was de-
bated at length, especially by my friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown.] It differs from the claim
then presented in this, that it appropriates one
half of" the amount to which Mr. Thompson was
entitled under his agreement with the Indians, and
he is to be paid by the accountmgofficerout of the
annuities prorata as those annuities fall due during
a number of years. I shall not occupy the time
of the Senate at this late moment by a discussion
of it, trusting that the general facts of the case
still abide in the memory of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. We have not time to discuss
these things, and they ought not to be added to
the bill.
Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered and taken.
Mr. Stuart at first voted in the negative, but
changed his vote for the purpose, as he stated, of
moving a reconsideration.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays 15;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Bright,
Brown , Cooper, Dawson, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, James,
Morion, Peim, lUMf, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, and Weiler—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Brodhead, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Mason, Pratt, Shield*,. Sumner,
Thomson of New Jer&ey, Toucey, Wells, Wilson, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to offer the following as an
additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
couritingoflicerof theDepartmentofthe Interior be author-
ized and d"-ccted to audit and settle the claim of John
Random,deceased, a friendly Creek Indian, a half breed/>r
loaves sustained and property destroyed by the hostile Creek
Indians in the war of 1814, in such manner and upon such
terms as may be just and equitable ; the amount, when so
ascertained, to be paid out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated to the heirs and legal represent-
atives of said J >hn Random: Provided, That the amount
shall not exceed the sum of $-5,925.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments will be re-
ceived from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS. That committee have instructed
me to offer this amendment:
Sec.—. Jindbe it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and required to inquire into and ascertain the
actual amount of damage sustained byOarmiek & Rimstey,
under a contract made with them by Samuel D. Hubbard,
Postmaster General, on the 15th of February, 2853, for the
