1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
authorized to sell to the best advantage the arms heretofore
distributed under the act of April 28, 1^08, and mve-n the
funds arising out of nuch sales m other arm4* more suitable
for the pui poses contemplated by said act: Provided, That
no arms be so purchased or provided except Mich as may
be ot the same description and caliber as those regularly
adopted and m use in the Army of the United States.
The thirteenth amendment of the Senate, as
proposed to be amended by the committee of con-
ference, is as follows, (the modifications of the
committee being in italics:)
Sec. 2. Ji nd be it further enacted, That the board of offi-
cers appointed under the sixth section of the aet making
appropriations for the Mipport of the Army tor the year
«ndmg June 30, 1853, approved August 31, *18.3*2, i<* hereby
authorized and dneeted, in addition to the powers and
duties already conferred upon it, to extend its examin-
ations to claims arising from the destruction of property of
^Qmeucnn atizcns, by the troops serving under the com-
mand ol Lieutenant Colonel John C, Fremont, m Califor-
nia, in the years 1846 and 1*M7, by hisotders, as \v< II as for
the destruction ot property o/ American citizens by the
enemy, catted by the occupancy of the claimants' prom-
ise* by the said United States troops; that the said board
is empowered to summon and examine witnesses under
oath, and take testimony in California (if necessary) and
elsewhere; that for the payment ol the claims reported
favorably upon by the board in its report to iiie Seeretaiy
of War, dated 5th Doeeinber, Executive document 8,
Thirty Third Congress, second -e&.-ion, including that
numbered l'J7, being the elaim of Santiago E. Arguello,
and amounting to s?li,584, and for the compensation of the
members of said board tor and during their period of ser-
vice as such, at a rate not exceeding ;§\>,U()0 per annum
each, during the lime of their service m California, deduct-
ing there!rom their Army pay, the sum of ^10.5 be, and
the same is hereby, apptopriaied out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; ami the Secretary ot
the Ti<asuryi* hereby authorized and directed to pay to
the treasurer of said board, out of any money in the Tieas-
my not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $10,MO lor the
contingent expenses of the said boaid, including therein
office rent and eleik hire, ^-tationeiy, tuel, (he payment of
witnesses' tees duly summoned by the boaid, at a rate not
exceeding those paid by the (Tinted States district courts in
California <>r elsewhere, as the case may be, the traveling
expenses of said hoard, not cr< ceding the usual mileage of
at: officer going to uiul returning ftom California, not ex-
cel ding sixteen cent- per mile in era b member fui tic: rs-
"ary travel m C«'/i/Vm>M, and other incidental expenses
J'iovu!ed,hovercr, That the said board shall >iot <ontinuc
its serene exv mh7i£ one year : J-lnd jirorided fuither, That
it shall!'? lawful foi the J'ye\ident of the Umte-l State? alone
to cpiioint su<koJ the eonimi^ioiu-d officers authorized by
t/m a>t, below the grade of field o(ffcety as mat/ not be ap-
2>oiutrd during the /n asent jeswm, us ui the caic oj vacancies
oa.ui ring during the reresv oj Congress.
Mr. WELLBR. I simply wish to notify the
Senate that that report contains a proposition to
authorize the President of the United States alone
to appoint all the officers below the grade of field
officeis in the four regiments which are authorized
to be raised.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the report.
iVIr. PRA.TT. I have some doubts whether
we can transfer to the President alone the power
which,under theConstitution, imsfiveu to the Pres-
ident and Senate to appoint the officers who are to
ho appointed under the provisions of this bill; and
I should be glad to have my friend from Illinois
give us some explanation m regard to it.
Mr. CASS. I am sure it has been done before.
Mr. SHIELDS. This provision has been in-
serted at the request of the Secretary of War,
according to the precedents in similar cases. It is
utterly impossible to make all the nominations for
field officers to-day, and the amendment is indis-
pensable. It is only referring the matter to be
acted upon by the President and the next Senate,
when the Senate meet here a^ain, and enables the
President to fill up the inferior oifices during the
recess of Congress.
Mr. PETTIT. My opinion is that not only
ought this provision to be passed, but it ought to
be extended further, to minor and inferior civil
services, such as inferior land officers. I should
prefer to move that amendment.
The F PRESIDENT. The report of a committee
of conference cannot be amended. The report
must be taken as an entirety or not at all.
The report was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL—AGAIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. BELL. I am directed by the Committee
on Territories, to which 1 belong, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the provision
for the compensation and mileage of members and
delegates of the House:
For payment to Richard II. Wfijjhtman, of New Mevieo,
for mileage and compensation for attendance during the
second session of the Thirty-First Congress, $2,465.
I will only state that this is the third session, 1
believe, at which I have presented this amend-
ment, and it has been agreed to on each occasion
by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments will now be
received from the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. BAYARD. I have a few amendments to
offer from that committee. The first is, in the
clause " for removing fences, grading streets, etc.,
preparatory to the extension of the Capitol square,
in accordance with the plan submitted by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, $15,000," to
strike out the words " in accordance with the plan
submitted by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. 5> The gtound of this motion is, that, no
plan has been adopted by Congress; and as there
are several plans before us, we do not wish to
recognize any one incidentally.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYAKD. Our next amendment is to
insert, at the end of the clause which has just
been amended:
For tilling up and draining the ground* in the vicinity of
the national green-houses known a.s (he botanic garden,
and lor walling the creek which passes through the same,
§t2,UtK>.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The same committee have in-
structed me to oiler this amendment:
To enable the Secretary ot the Interior to purchase five
hundred burial si tec in Washington cemetery lot the inlei-
ment of members of Congiesa and such public olhceis as
Congress may dircet, §j,W0: 1'iovidcd, Haul sites shall he
as neat a* piaoticable to thoM> heretofore, puiehased by the
Uniied States *, and that the money paid tliereior shall be
applied to the election of an iron ienee on the north liom
oi said cemetery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a single other
amendment. It comes, however, from the Com-
mittee on the Library, and, as 1 have no other to
offer, 1 a«k leave to present it now.
To t n.ibie the President of the I rnited Htatcs to eontinet
with 11 ir.int i'ow ers lor * ome work of art executed, or to he
executed bv him, and suitable lor the ornament of the
Uapitol, a bum not exceeding $2.>,U00.
Mr. CASS. I would much prefer that there
should be power left to the President to designate
the sculptor.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments from indi-
vidual Senators will now be received.
Mr. GWIN. I have one to oiler from the
Committee on Finance. It is to insert, after the
clause providing for the salaries of the officer# and
clerks of the assay office. New York, this proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to ti\ the salaries ol mk h oifices and clerks, m> a1- not
to exceed those allowed by law to like officers and clerks tu
the Mini or its branches.
The amendment wau agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I oiler this amendment, as an
additional section;
—. .dndbe \t fu.thrr enacted, That iht: President
of the Irmted States be, and he hereby h, authorized to
cause to be paid to the Government of Mexico any portion
of the remaining $:i,u00,000 appropriated by the act of k2(irb
June, 1 b.*> 1, oot exceeding .^4,ut0,000, at any tune alter the
passage of tins act, whenever, in hi  opinion, the public in-
terests may he thereby promoted.
I have no desire, Mr. President, to consume the
time of theSenate, but I will explain in a very few
words the reason why I offer the amendment. It
will be remembered that by the late treaty between
Mexico and the United States, ^3,000,000 wete
reserved until the boundary line should be run,
marked, and established. The full appropriation
of $10,000,000 has already been made in pursu-
ance of the treaty. This amendment, therefore,
does not make the appropriation of a single dollar.
According to the treaty, however, §3,000,000 were
required to be retained in our Treasury until^ the
boundary line should be run and marked. The
commissioneis of the two nations are now engaged
in the performance of that duty, and, as I under-
stand, are progressing with it very rapidly, fn the
mean time the United States have taken possession
of the Mesilla valley, which was a subject of dis-
pute, and one of the main ingredients ot that treatv
in settling boundary lines. The citizens of the
United States, unmolested, have gone oil and set-
tled on other portions of the territory.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that there is no necessity for discussing
the amendment, as I think there is no objection
to it.
Several Sknators. There is.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is an objection taken to
that amendment. I object to altering a treaty here
iu the last hours of the session upon an appropri-
tion bill. I insist upon the treaty as it stands. X
think it important that it should be insisted upon.
I prefer to have that security that the boundary
line will be run. It was thought fit here in the
Senate, in the treaty between the two Govern-
ments, to make that provision, and I am unwilling
in this hasty manner to surrender it.
Mr. RUSK. The whole question is in a nut-
shell. As I said before, $3,000,000 were reserved
by the treaty to secure the boundary line. The
running of that line is going on rapidly without
any obstruction from Mexico or the United States,
ami I presume it will, in a very short time, be en-
tirely completed. As I said before, the Territory
has been taken possession of by the people of the
United States. This has created some difficulty
and ill-feeling in Mexico, rendering it proper that
a part, at least, of this money should be paid over.
My amendment proposes to retain in the Trea-
sury §1,000,000 as security for the completion of
the boundary line. We have important negotia-
tions with Mexico, which should be prosecuted
in an amicable and friendly manner; and ye', here
we stand reserving in our Treasury $3,000,000
which belong to Mexico; we have taken posses-
sion of the territory for which that sum was to
be paid, and we are rapidly progressing in running
the boundary line between the two countries. A
security of §3,000,000, under such circumstances,
is exorbitant. For the purpose of bringing about
a good understanding between us and Mexico, it
may be more important than the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut seems now to appreciate,
to allow this money to be used. I cannot see the
slightest objection to authorizing the President,
when, in his judgment, the public good may
require it, for such are the terms of tht amend-
ment, to pay over to the Government of Mexico
§2,000,000, reserving in our Treasury $1,000,000,
which is certainly ample to secure the running of
the boundary line. It alters no treaty.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he has the opinion of the Executive on
this subject, for I am unaware what that is. Does
he know the opinion of the Executive as to the
expediency and propriety of surrendering part of
this reservation ?
Mr. RUSK. Therms no objection in the Execu-
tive Department that I know of.
Mr. CASS. I think the objection of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is well taken. It may all
be obviated by making provision for the appropri-
ation to be made as soon as the treaty shall be
carried into complete effect.
Mr. RUSK. I am not asking for an appropri-
ation. There is not a dollar appropriated by my
amendment.
Mr. TOtlCEY. There are negotiations pend-
ing with the Mexican Government, and if it be
desired on the part of that Government that this
money should be paid in anticipation of its becom-
ing due, it will be an item in the negotiations,
which is a benefit to be offered for new stipulations
on their part. 1 am unwilling now by legislation
to vary the provisions of a treaty.
^Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the Senator from
Texas will withdraw this amendment Surely
the Senate cannot asree to it. 1 have been lookino-
at it, and 1 see that the effect of it is to furnish the
present Dictator of Mexico, who is in power and
against whom that country is contending, with
this large amount of money to enable him to carry
on the wnr against those whom he calls rebels.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to
explain >
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK, i shall withdraw the amendment,
but 1 will not do so until after the Senator may
have Viad an opportunity to reply.
Mr. TIUN1 JiR. 1 hope the amendment will
be withdiawn,
Mr. CLAY ION. I shall not consume time if
it he withdrawn.
Mr. RUSK. We owe to Mexico §3,000,000
That sum is appropriated, and is now lying m
our Treasury, to be paid out on the happening of
a certain event, in the performance of a certain
duty, which is m rapid progress. We have taken
