THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New Series....No. 71.
possession of the territory for which the money
was paid. For mys.'lf, I have had some little
experience with the Dictator of Mexico, to whom
the Senator from Delaware has referred, and I
F resume I shall not be suspected of favoring him.
do not think the affaire of Mexico are a legitimate
subject of discussion in the Senate of the United
States, on the question of paying to that country
what we owe it. It may do them some good. It
can do us none. So far as the present Dictator of
Mexico is concerned, it is my opinion, from some
experience of that country, that he is the best man
to govern them that they have.
Mr. CLAYTON. If he is the best, God help
the rest. The gentleman agrees to withdraw the
amendment, I believe, and 1 will not, therefore,
renew the debate.
Mr. PRATT. Before the amendment is with-
drawn, I desire to make a suggestion in regard to
-it. The honorable Senator from Connecticut, ac-
cording to my notion, is mistaken. The effect
of the amendment is not to place m the hands of
Santa Anno, or the Mexican Government, this
money at once; but to place it in the hands of the
Executive Department of our own Government,
there being important negotiations pending, with
the power of making the very stipulations to which
the Senator has referred. We are trying to make
a treaty—a treaty of commerce with Mexico—
which will be of vast importance to our citizens.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
there is nothing before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. The amendment of the Senator
from Texas is pending. He has not yet with-
drawn it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand it has been
■withdrawn.
Mr. RUSK. I said I would withdraw it. I
have not done so yet.
Mr. PRATT. I very seldom talk at all, and
never out of order. I asked the Senator from
Texas before f commenced whether he had with-
drawn his amendment, and he told me he had not.
I never speak on a subject which is not before the
Senate, and I very seldom occupy the floor at any
time. I desire to say now but a very few words.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me to
correct his misapprehension?
Mr. PRATT. I desire the Senator from Con-
necticut first to understand what I say, and then I
shall be happy to be corrected. As I havealready
remarked, sir, there are negotiations pending be-
tween tliis country and Mexico. The Senator
from Connecticut supposes that the very fact that
this money is tied up in the Treasury will enable
our negotiators with Mexico to get better terms
than if weV/ere to make this provision, I appre-
hend that is an error. The amendment does not
require the President to pay, but simply gives him
the power to pay anterior to the settlement of the
boundary line, provided the public interests will
be promoted by so doing. In a negotiation be-
tween our country and Mexico, will not every one
see that if the President can pay $2,000,000 to
Mexico he wiii have itin his power to obtain terms
which could not be obtained if that money were
tied up in our Treasury till the pending questions
should be settled? It could, then, only be paid by
treaty, and the affirmance of that treaty by the
Senate, which does not assemble until December
next.
I think, therefore, that whilst there can be no
danger of injury resulting from the passage of the
amendment of the Senator from Texas, great
beneficial results may follow to the country if it
be adopted. We havs possession of the territory
ceded. Why, then, do we want any security for
the running of the boundary hue? We have pos-
session ofthewho!ecountry,and have the strength
to hold it. This amendment is merely to place in
the hands of our Executive the power of using
in advance this money rightfully due to Mexico
hereafter, provided he can do so on terms beneficial
to the commerce of the country. It seems to me
that it is a proper amendment to this bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senator from Maryland
has based his remarks upon an assumption that
71
does not exist. I do not understand or suppose
the fact to be as he assumes I do. 1 do not sup-
pose that the passing of this provision^ gives the
money to Santa Anna. I suppose, on* the other
hand, if this does not pass, the payment of the
money before it becomes due will be a legitimate
subject of negotiation and an item in any pending
negotiation.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to me very curious,
under the circumstances, that any objection should
be made to this amendment. If we have negotia-
tions pending with Mexico intended to result to
the benefit of our commerce I cannot see why
power should not ■ be placed in the hands of the
President of the United States, as circumstances
may dictate, to pay or withhold this amount. If
this amendment be adopted he will have the power
to use the money already appropriated, if, in the
conduct of our diplomatic affairs with that country
it should become proper and necessary. If he
should regard it as improper, of course he would
withhold it. It seems tome, therefore, the plainest
thing m the world. As the President is in charge
of the dip omatic relations of the country, a discre-
tion should be left to him, that he may avail him-
self of ail the advantages arising from our former,
as well as our present, relations with Mexico. If
you keep it out of his power to use this money,
and it should be expedient and desirable to allow
Mexico to have it, he will not be in a situation to
extend to her the benefits arising fiom the present
payment of it, and it may debar ium from obtaining
advantages which, under other circumstances, he
might obtain from that Government in the estab-
lishment of a treaty of commerce.
The money is already appropriated, and I can
see no reason why it should not be placed in the
discretion of the Executive to pay it as soon as
the public interests make it necessary. The
amendment of my colleague does not require him
to pay it, but it will depend entirely upon his own
option and the exercise of his discretion, when he
may be called upon by the circumstances under
which he is negotiating. It seems to me that it
merely places in the power of the President the
advantage which results from present payment,
leaving to him the exercise of his discretion to
withhold it, unless the power to pay can be bene-
ficially exercised in the promotion of our relations
with Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to make one more
appeal to the Senate. We have but twenty-four
hours, and the Navy appropriation bill has not
yet been acted upon at all. This bill, with the
amendments the Senate have already put upon it,
will be almost as large as one of our volumes of
Statutes at Large. The House of Representatives
can have no means of hearing our amendments
read unless we pass the bill at once. I had hoped
that we should get through by twelve o'clock,but
it seems that we are to have a long debate upon a
disputed proposition, and I do not see that we
shall be through by noon to-morrow, if we go
on in this way.
Mr. TOUCEY. I beg leave to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, or
any member of that committee, whether a com-
munication has been made to them asking for any
provision of this kind ?
Mr. CASS. Before the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations answers that
question, allow me to state that it was the very
question which I myself intended to ask. All
seem to know more about, our relations with Mex-
ico than I do. It is said that a commercial treaty
is being negotiated. Well, sir, if the Executive
needs money for that purpose it is his duty to
come and ask for it. This volunteer legislation
is not proper.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Texas mentioned this subject to me some days
since, and I told him, so far as I could form any
opinion, I saw no objection to it, reserving to
myself, of course, the purpose never to form a
judgment until I should have the whole ground
laid before me by the proper organ of the Gov-
ernment, the Executive. The Committee on For-
eign Relations never heard of it from the Execu-
tive in any form, so. far as I am apprised; and
though, in my own judgment, I can see no objec-
tion to it, my- judgment must be uninformed on
such questions except on the suggestion of the
Executive.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GW1N. I have been requested by the
Delegate from Oregon to offer an amendment to
remedy a defect in the law in regard to the ap-
pointment of two land officers in the district of
Oregon. The law will not go into effect until May
next, and power is wanted to appoint the officers
before that time. It is simply to give the power
to appoint. They will receive no compensation
for three months. The amendment is to insert,
after the provision for the incidental expenses of
the surveyor general's office in Oregon:
The President be, and lie is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, daring
the present session of Congress, the register and receiver
for the Urnpqua land district, in the Territory of Oregon,
established by tiie act of the 17th of February, 1855: Pro-
vided, Tiiat they shall not enter on the discharge of their
duties until the 17th of May. 1855, nor receive any com-
pensation for the intervening iimc.
Mr. STUART. Tfie Executive cannot possibly
approve this law, and send the nominations here
before the adjournment.
Mr. GWIN. The law creating the offices has
been passed, and all that is wanted is power to
make the appointment.
Mr. STUART. I understand that; but this law
cannot be approved and the nominations sent here
before the Senate will adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. Why not? They are ready to
be sent in, if the President had the power.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RUSK. I offer this amendment, as an
additional section:
Sec. —. Jlrirf be it further enacted. That the sum of
§25,000 be, onil thosameis hereby, appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
tho nnccssary oxiionses of six compatuM nl volunteers
called into Use service of tiie United States by Brigadier
General ffnnMi in the State of Texas, to be paid under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
The United States called into the service in
Texas six companies of volunteers, and the object
of this amendment is to cover the expenses of
their rendezvous and transportation to the Army
of the United States.' Tins has been done with
every volunteer company which'has ever been paid
by the United S.'ates. The only question Is
whether it shall be paid now, or those persons
who furnished means and supplies shall wait for
their money unai another .Congress.
The question being put there was found to be
no quorum voting.
Mr. RUSK. If there is a single Senator,who
will rise in his place and say he noes not believe
these expenses will be paid, I shall withdraw the
amendment. There have never been an^ troops
called out from the States and mustered into the
service of the United States whose expenses in
getting into the service have not been paid by this
Government.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment ought to go
upon another bill; it seems to me that we have
already as much as can be carried in this bill. I
think it is time that we closed it. I am voting
agamst all amendments.
Mr. RUSK. Does the Senator believe this will
not be paid eventually ?
Mr. HUNTER. Probably it may be paid. I
might think it right on examination; but weought
not to add anything more to this bill now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. These troops were called
out by General Smith for the defense of the fron-
tier to protect the inhabitants against the Indians
in a case of absolute emergency. We shall have
to pay the money, and i cannot conceive what
objection there is to paying it now.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my objection
Let the amendment go on the bill. Ten minutes*
time is worth more than all the controversy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SL1DELL. I offer an amendment to cor-
