1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike to trouble the Sen-
ate, but I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. HUNTER; Before the Senator goes on, I
desire to ask my 4Kend from Iowa, the chairman
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, to state the
probability of getting this bill enrolled.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not think there is
any probability of having it enrolled in time. I
told the chairman of the Committee on Finance, a
few minutes since, that, unless amendments were
stopped, we could not get the bill enrolled in time.
Mr. DAWSON. My amendment is a very
small one. It is, in line eleven hundred and sixty-
two, to strike out the word " <jne" and insert
" six."
The PRESIDING OEFICER. There is no
such word in the line, according to the printed
bill before the Chair. Will the Senator be good
enough to state the substance of his amendment?
Mr. DAWSON. It is to appropriate $6,000
instead of §1,000.
Mr. BADGER. For what purpose?
Mr. DAWSON.' To enable the Commissioner
of Public Buildings to complete the grading of
Pennsylvania avenue to Georgetown. The object
is to pay tack $5,000 advanced by the city of
Washington for the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reference
of the Senator is wrong. There is no such pro
vision to be found at the line which he has staled.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 will offer it to some other
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the question will be taken
on all the amendments together, except such as
any Senator may desire to except, I desire to
except the amendment in regard to the salary of
the circuit judge in California.
Mr. PEARCE. I have a word to say before the
bill is finally disposed of. 1 do not intend to re-
new the amendment which I offered and withdrew
last night, solely because it is too late to do so;
but it is only an act of justice to a gentleman
■whose character is likely to suffer serious injury
from a remark which fell from my friend Irom
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that I should make this
statement to the Senate. Since the adjournment
last night, I have looked at a book published by
himself, in which he describes himself as thegrand-
son of General Nathaniel Greene, and which is
dedicated to his father, Nathaniel Ray Greene, son
of General Nathaniel Greene. The title page of
that work, is:
" Life of Nathaniel Greene, Major General in
the Army of the Revolution. By his grandson,
George W. Greene, late American consul at Rome.
Boston: Charles C, Little and James Brown,
1846."
In the volume which is lying now on t^a table
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessendf.n,]
the life of Greene, by Judge Johnson, of South
Carolina, the history of the family is given. He
states that General Nathaniel Greene left two sons
and three daughters. One of these sons was Na-
thaniel Ray Greene, the father of this gentleman,
who resided in Rhode Mand. The eldest son went
to Georgia, and was drowned in the Savannah
river early. In that work we iind this account of
the family:
" General Creene left five children—George Washington,
Martha Washington, Cornelia Loit, Nathaniel Ray, and
Louisu Catharine.
" George Washington accompanied the Marquis Lafayette
to Franco, in the year 1785, and pursued Ins education
under the Marquis's care until me revolution broke out m
that country, when his mother's apprehensions induced iicr
to recall him. He returned to Georgia, in 1794, everything
thai the fondest parent could desire, but was unfortunately
drowned in the Savannah river, a short time after his re-
turn. Martha intermarried with John C. Nightingale, Em].,
and after his death wiih Dr. Henry Turner, with whom die
is now living, hi the State of Tennessee. Cornelia married
Peyton .Skipwith, Esq., and after his death Edward H. Lit-
tlefieid, Esq., and is aUo living in Tennessee. Nathaniel
mariied Miss Ann Clarke, and settled in Rhode Island,
whcr« he is now living, at East Greenwich; all these
children have large families. Louisa Catharine, who was
born a few months after the death of her father, intormnr-
rieJ with Mr. James Shaw, and is now the hospitable and
amiable mistress of the mansion built by her mother, on
the south end of Cumberland Island."
I make this statement because it exonerates this
gentleman from the charge of being an interloper,
which my friend from Georgia made yesterday,
and which, I am very sure, he will retract.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is wholly mis-
taken. I said I did not desire an interloper to
come in. I do not know the family except those
who reside in Georgia; but I am satisfied now
that this gentleman is the grandson of General
Greene. Whether he is possessed of the family
papers I do not know; and until that fact is ascer-
tained, I do not see how we can propose to en-
gage him to publish these works.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not propose to renew the
amendment, but simply to make the statement
which I have made.
Mr. BUTLER. I am obliged to say a word
on this subject. I was very cautious in what I
said last night, and I stated to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that what I said>
was an impression formed on acquainiance with
Mrs. Shaw. 1 knew her very well, and I intended
to use her name only as a compliment to the fam-
ily of General Greene. I did not state it from any
positive knowledge, nor did I deny it. I would
be the last man who would touch', in the least,
the reputation of one of the descendants of Gen-
eral Greene. I know now that I was entirely
mistaken. *
Mr. GWIN. I hope all the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole will be agreed to,
with the exception of those which Senators may
desire to reserve.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. BADGER. Let us
agree to them all.
The PRESIDENT. Any Senator has the right
to ask that any amendment shall be excepted.
Mr. GWIN. I ask that the amendment in
regard to the salary of the circuit judge in Cal-
ifornia may be excepted, and also the prevision
striking out the clause putting the binding of doc-
uments for the Departments under the control of
the Superintendent of Public Printing.
The PRESIDENT. Those two amendments
wiil be excepted.
The residue of thfc amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring with the Committee of the Whole in
striking out these words:
Provided, All blank books, binding, and ruling the pame,
for the several Departments of the (Jovermnent herein
appropriated for, shall be I'urnishod under tile direction and
supervision of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall retain the pro-
vision as it comes from the House, and not strike
it out.
Mr. IIUNTER. I will simply state that the
clause, as it comes from the House, puts the heads
of the Departments under the Superintendent of
Public Printing; and if stricken out, as the Com-
mittee on Finance reported that it should be, they
will be relieved from that surveillance, and allow
them to superintend their own printing and bind-
ing.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. Tho questiori now is on
the amendment appropriating $4,500 for the Sal-
ary of the circuit judge of California.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to make a small amend-
ment to that amendment. When we passed the
bill providing for the circuit judge in California, it
seemed to be the general understanding that he
should have the same salary as the Associate Jus-
tices of the Supreme Court. Since that bill has
been passed, we have agreed, by an amendment
to this bill, to raise their salaries. _ I therefore
move, in lieu of the amendment which has bee*
agreed to as in Committee of the Whole, to in-
sert:
The salary of the said circuit judge shall he the same as
that of the Associate Juaticea of the Supreme Court.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no objection
to it. It is merely to carry out the design of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Seven thousand dollars
is a larger sum than the other Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Weller] demanded originally.
Mr. Toombs's amendment to the amendment
was rejected; and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is still open to
amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the kind indulgence of
the Senate while I renew an amendment offered
from the Committee on the Library. It embodies
the substance of a joint resolution submitted by
ma some time since. It proposes the appropriation
of a sum not exceeding #25,000, to cr,"bi®t^®
President to contract with Hiram Pcwers for eom«
work of art suitable for the ornament of the Gapt-
tol. There is no time for a speech, and 1 snati
make none. Let the renown of the great sculptor,
whose works honor- his country ana his age, oe
the sufficient recommendation of the amendment
which I submit:
To enable the President of the United States to contract
with Hiram Powers for some work of art, executed or to
be executed by him, and suitable for the ornament of the
Capitol, a sum not exceeding $538,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr MORTON. I desire now to renew the
amendment which I offered in Committee of the
Whole from the Committee on Agriculture, which
was then rejected, as I think, without a proper
understanding of it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will have an
opportunity on some other bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will allow-
us to get through with this bill, He can offer his
amendment to some other.
Mr. MORTON. Very well, sir.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill, as
amended, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announ-
cing that they had passed the following bills and
resolution of the Senate:
A bill making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, and for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan;
A bill for the relief of Franklin Chase;
A resolution explanatory of an act entitled "An
act for the relief of Abigail Stafford-," and
A bill to appropriate money to remove obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river below the city of i
Savannah, in the State of Georgia. !
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. ]
The message also announced that the House i
insisted on their disagreement to certain amend- j
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House making t
appropriations for the service of the Post Office ■
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th \
of June, 1856; and on their amendments to other |
amendments of the Senate disagreed to by the «
Senate; that they had agreed to the conference
asked for by the Senate on the disagreeing votes '
of the two Houses, and had appointed Mr. Hous- '
ton, of Alabama, Mr. Ready, of Tennessee, and •
Mr. Dawson, of Georgia, managers at the same |
on their part. '
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol- *
lowing enrolled bills, which had been previously 4
signed by the Speaker of the House: !
An act for the relief of Madalena Van Ness,
widow of Cornelius Van Ngfes, deceased; <S
An act to change the boundaries of the land 6
districts in the State of Iowa, and for other pur* 1
poses; |
An ffbt to regulate the carriage of passengers irt  
steamships and other vessels; |
An act for the relief of the widow of W. Irving, g
deceased; J
An act to establish certain post routes; and
An act to provide accommodations for the Uni-
ted States courts in the city of Jackson, Missis-
sippi.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webstek, his Secretary, announced
that he had this day approved and signed the fol-
lowing bills:
An act for the relief of Amos Knapp;
An act for the relief of Peter Amey, (colored
man;)
An act for the relief of Henry S. Sanford;
An act for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, late
the wife of John Blue, deceased;
An act for the relief of George W. Torrence; "
An act to amend " An act to carry into effect a
treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
am," signed on the fifth day of June, 1854, and
approved August 5, 3854; and
An act for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine Mc-
Clellan.
