1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the House disagreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing vott-s of the two Houses on the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army for j.
the year ending1 the 30th of June, 1858; asked for \\
a further conference; ond had appointed Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, Mr. Edgerton, of Ohio,
and Mr. Wallet, of Massachusetts, managers
at the same on iheir part.*
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
agreed to the second conference asked for by the
House; and Mr. Weller, Mr. Bayard,and Mr.
Dawson were appointed the committee on the part
of the Senate.
fortification bill.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate last night passed
the fortification bill with a small amendment. Al-
though that amendment is a small one, it will, in
my judgment,-entirely dffeat the bill in the other
House. I desire, therefore, to make a motion to
reconsider; but in order to be able to do so, we
must have the bill before us. For that purpose I
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, requesting the return of the bill of the House
making appropriations for fortifications and other works of
defense, and jorrepans of barracks and quarters for the
year ending the COih of June, 1836.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the House bill
making: appropriations tor^the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 185G, with one
amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. The amendment
of the Committee on Finance wss to insert, after
the clause appropriating £250,000 for the Stevens
war steaQier:
ProiuJe-*, That the Secretary of the Navy may, at his
di^erPtion, apply the said sum, in whole or m pait, 'during
the fiscal year ending X'th June, 1835.
To enable Hie Secretary of the Navy to carry into effect
the joint resolution respecting tho Arctic expedition, com- j
suunded by passed assistant surgeon E. K. Kane, or so j
much theieot* as may be necessary, §150,000* i
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Naval Affairs j
have instructed me to offer various amendment's i
to this bill. The first is to insert after the clause ;
for pay of the superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the navy-yards j
and stations:
That in heu of $2,000 per annum, the maximum of com-
pensittion now allowed fay law to navy agents, there shall
be a'iowed Uvo per centum commission on the fiist$100,(.GJ,
or under, disbuised by liiem, and one per centum on tvery
Buecceduig $100,000, or under, di.-bursed hv them, until
tl,e compensation reaches the smn 01 $4,COO per annum,
which amount shall the maximum ot compensation for
said agents: Provided, That the compensation named herein
thrill be i.i iieu of all crrlia compensation for services of
every natute and description rendered by navy agents, by
order of the Navy Department, from and alter the passage
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to
has been successfully docked, and hauled on and off the
land by a railway, of equal or greater weight than the dis-
placement of the &hips by which the docks, basins, and rail-
ways at Philadelphia and Kittery were tested.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GW IN. The next amendment is to insert,
after the one which has already been adopted in
regard to the purser of the Washington navy-yard,
the following:
Provided, That when pursers of the Navy shall be ap-
pointed inspectors of provisions, clothing, and small-stores,
they shall, while so acting, receivc the same compensation
as the pursers of the navy-yards to which they may be
attached.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to insert,
after the clause appropriating for the wages of the
persons employed at the Observatory:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized, after giving public notice, to contract, for the
period of five years, with the lowest bidders, for supplying
water-rotted hemp, for theme of the Navy, giving the pref-
erence to bidders for American hemp at the same price,
with a test of four thousand two hundred yards to a rope of
one and three quaiter inches in circumference.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is, in the
clause appropriating for the navy-yard at San Fran-
cisco, to strike out $230,000 and insert $345,000,
and to include among the erections to be appro-
priated for " houses for quarters, and repairs of
all kinds." This is in pursuance of the^estfmates
of the Department.
Mr. HUNTER, I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether these
amendments are to restore the estimates .of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; there are only two of
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I only wish to say, in regard
to them, that it is known the estimates were very
large, and they were pruned in the House.
Mr. GWIN. This is to restore the estimate in
regard to the navy-yard at San Francisco, which
was evidently cut down to an amount not large
enough. We only take up those cas«s.where the
increase is absolutely necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, is to insert after the
word " shell-house," in the appropriation for the
Fensacola navy-yard,wall around sheli-hou3e,"
and after " spar-house," insert " towards the west
basin," and to increase the appropriation from
$104,S70 to §,'255,470, so as to make the clause
j read:
'< prnsaco-lu.—For permanent wharf, deep ba?in, and
i drying; <*opina for basin; filling in and paving; paint-shop
I .<nd cooperage, (to complete;) repairs of cisterns Nos. 14,
' -2), and 20 ; water pipej to permanent wharf; guard house
t at west e^fe: shuJi-houso; wall around shell-house ; light-
i m.:g conductors ; railway to spar house towaids the west
basin; stenm-box ; fire-engine house; and repairs of all
kinds, £255,470.
The amendment wss agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Our next amendment i3:
And the sum of $100,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, for ihe establishment of a naval depot on the
right bank ot the river Mississippi, in descending, at the ?i?e
now owned av.il held bvthc United States for that purpose,
near the city of New Oilcans, and for such buddings and
M" GWIN The next amendment is to insert | improvements as may be adjudged necessary lor ib^ accom
lii.vjy , m(Vinj,on of United States vesods ot war in that quarter,
before the one just adopted:
And such further sum a-s miy be necessaiy for paying to
the clerics ard dl-cis m the Washington navy-yard thccom-
pcnsation authorized by the act approved April 22, 1854.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs is to insert after the
clause for provisions of officers and seamen:
That the purser at the navy-yard at Washington, District
of Columbia, shall, from and afier the pas^aee of this act,
receive the same pay as is now allowed bylaw to the pursers
at the navy-yaids at Boston, New Vuik, Norfolk, and Pen-
sacola.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to insert,
after the clause making appropriations for the re-
pairs of the buildings of the Naval Academy:
For repainting, calking, and other repairs of the floating
balis.ee, dry dock, basm, and railway at the navy-vard,
Pen-acrda, the Mim of $10,000; and the Secretary of the
Navy is hert by aiuhoiiz-'d to receive the said woiks : Pro- ~ „n nr.rA onr}
vt.!cl it shad ar,pe.-!t, irom the certificates of ihe officers , erty of the citizens. it is to taKe ott an acre ana
appointed by she Government to superintend arid direct the i a half of land of not the slightest possib.e moment
construction thereof, that the game have been faithfully ,j Government, and to arrange it in such a
built accoidmg to the stipulations of the contract, and thAt | mannfif aa to be an advantage both t® th© GrOV-
a ship furnished by the contractors at their own espeuso, it manner as to oc an a b
modation of United States vesods ot warm that qui
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next is to insert, a3 an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That die Secietary of
the Navy he, and he in hen by, authorized to caure the
channel of Wailabout creck between the property of the
i naval hosmtal and that of cernu.: citizens of the city of
! Drookljn, New York, to be laid out so as to make ^aid
• channel sixty feet wide, as heretofore contemplated : Pro-
videdThe cit zensof Brooklyn, owners of land on each
side thereof, shall pay to the commissioner of the hospital
fund such sum therefor as, in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Navy, shall be just and reasonable: And provided
further That paid &tiih of land which mav be icquaed for
said purpose from tlu- land oi the naval hospital shall not
exceed an acre and a hall.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that i-commended by the
Department?
Mr. MALLORY. It will not cost the Gov-
ernment a single cent. It is as much for the con-
venience of the Government property as the prop-
ernment property and that of the adjoining land- -
holders.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The nest amendment of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is an additional section:
Sec. 4. And be it farther enarted, That ihe fifth section
of the actu making appropriations tor the naval service for
the year ending the vOih June, 1855," approved August 5,
1854, shall not be so construed as in any case to reduce the
pay of boatswains, carpenters, sailmakers, and gunners of
the Navy from the passage of the said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Our next amendment is:
And that the salary of the assistant astronomer at the
National Obseivatory shall be $2,500, commencing with Ins
service as such, deducting, however, the amount already
received by him as such assistant astronomer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mri GWIN. The next amendmentis:
For two clerks or assistants employed from the com-
mencement of the present fiscal year in the United States
Naval Astronomical Expedition, to be paid as first or
lowest class clerks, deducting their present rate of compen-
sation, $-1,400.
For tiieir compensation for the next fiscal year $2,400, or
at that rate so long as they may be necessarily employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. There is one more amendment
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is to strike
out this clause:
" To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary of
Professor Jaines P. Espy, forthe current fiscal year ending
June 30,185B, $2,GOO ; the payment to be made in the same
manner and under the like control as former appropriations
for meteorological observations."
This will evidently lead to a long debate, and
for that reason I hope the Committee on Naval
Affairs will allow the clause to remain as it is. I
hope I shall be permitted to withdraw the amend-
ment. I am directed, however, by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to move to strike out the clause.
Mr. PEARCE. It will not be stricken out
without as full a discussion as my physical ability
will enable me to give to it. Just as soon as the
motion is made I shall begin my speech, and I
will speak till three o'clock; yes, sir, until four.
[It was now half past one o'clock.]
Mr. GWIN. I trust the committee will permit
me to withdraw the motion to strike out. It will
evidently lead to a, long discussion, and cause a
great loss of time.
Mr. MALLORY. Is there an objection to
striking it out ?
Mr. BADGER and Mr. PEARCE. Decided
objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall consent, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs to the
withdrawal of that proposition, but I-must be per-
mitted to say a word m doing so. It is my per-
fect conviction, from years of examination of the
meteorological journal of Professor Espy, that, so
far as the interests of the country are concerned,
it is entirely a useless expenditure. Our commit-
tee, at the last session of Congress, agreed to re-
port in favor of allowing Professor Espy $2,000,
with the understanding that the proposition should
never come before them again. At this year,
however, it has come up again. The Committee
on Printing have twice reported against printing
the meteorological journal. Now, i hold, as I did
last year, that if we want these observations we
can get them from the observatory. But, sir, as
the honorable Senator from Maryland, for whose
judgment I have profound respect, differs from ras
on this question, and as he says he will talk until
three o'clock, I am willing to withdraw the amend-
ment. I would rather lose the ^2,000 than have
the time lost.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. If it is withdrawn I will not
say a word; but if it is not, I will speak.
Mr. MORTON.' I offer the folio.ving smend-
ament:
Src an,l le it further nu«*ei. The right of way, one
hundred feet in width, throujh the lands reserved west of
the navy yard, Pensacola, be, and the same is hereby,
granted to Jasper Sfong, George Teirill, and tlitir asso-
ciates, for tile construction of a railroad fiom the Perdido
river, on the most direct and practicable route, to the waters
of Pensacola bay, and tile use ofany timbei or other mate-
rials alon" the route of said road, and within a half a mile on
each side thereof, which may be necessary in the construc-
, tion thereof; and at tbe terminus ot said road on Pensacola
' bay the said Strong, Terrill, and their associates, shall
I have the privilege oferectina a wharf and of establishing a
I depot for lumber and other articles, not more than one acre in
extent: Provided, Said load shall lie constructed on such
1 line, and the tenatnus be at such point on Pensacola bay its
