1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
shall be approved by the Navy Deparment: J&nd provided
further, That this act shall not be so construed as to au-
thorize said Strong, Terrin, and their associates, to use or
destioy any timber which the Navy Department may direct
to be preserved for navy purposes.
Sec. —. Jl'td be it fuither enacted, That the like privi-
lege in every respect to the grant here made to Jasper
Strong, George Terrill, and their associates, be, and the.
same is hereby, granted to James Heron, of Escambia
county, and his associates, for tbe erection of 1ns steam
grist mill on the Perdido river, through the Government
Jand west of the navy-yard to the bay of Pensacola.
It is simply a bill which has passed the Senate,
but cann'ot be reached in the House of Represent-
atives, and may very properly be placed upon the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I desire to know whether
there is any discretion left by the amendment to
the Navy Department, or to the President on the
subject ?
Mr. MORTON. It requires the full and com-
plete approbation of the Navy Department.
Mr. STUART. I understand that it gives the
right to take timber and materials within half a
mile, and gives the right to make a wharf, and
divers and sundry other things. I think full dis-
cretion ought to be left to the proper Department
in regard to such a matter. I ask that the amend-
ment be read again.
Mr. MORTON. I think the reading of it-will
satisfy the Senator from Michigan that the utmost
discretion is'left.
The amendment was read.
Mr. STUART. There should be a proviso
reserving the Navy Department the right to de-
termine whether this can be done without prejudice
to the public property. This amendment, as it
■stands only gives the Secretary of the Navy power
to determine where the railroad shall be, but it is
peremptory that it ghall be somewhere.
Mr. MORTON. Jt gives theNavy Department
full power to object to the use of any timber which
may be required tor naval purposes.
Mr. STUART, That is not the point. It pro-
poses to give the right of way through grounds
at Pensacola, belonging to the Navy Department,
and there lias always been attached to such provi-
sions this proviso: " Provided, The same can be
done, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy,
without prejudice to the public interests."
Mr. MALLORY. Let me tell the Senator that
the provision was prepared by the Secretary of
the Navy, and is entirely satisfactory to his De-
partment.
Mr. IIUNTER. There is some mistakeabout
it. The proviso suggested by the Senator from
Michigan ought certainly to be inserted.
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection to it, and
I will therefore temporarily withdraw the amend-
ment, so that my friend from Michigan may place
any restriction upon it which he think proper. It
would not grant these gentlemen any timber which
the Navy Department requires; and I therefore
withdraw the amendment tor the present, and ask
my friend from Michigan to take it in hand, and
draw up any stipulation he finds necessary.
The PRESIDENT. That amendment being
withdrawn,others will be received.
Mr. MORTON. I move this amendment, as an
additional section:
Sec .And be it further enacted, That lhe Secretary
ofUie Navy he authorized 10 allow Iliram Paulding, a cap-
tain in the Navy of tbe United States, such sums as ibe
said Paulding inay have expended while jn command of the
frig ite St. bawronce, in the years 1813 and 18.i0, in the
enieriainment of the officers of the Governments at Bre-
merhaven and Stockholm, and the authorities of South-
ampton, when they ollicially visited tbe said frigate; and
that the same be paid out of any money m lhe Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, The amount allowed
the said Paulding shall not exceed the sum of$3,G53 92.
Mr. "PRATT. The Senate have refused to a
commodore in my own State payment for carry-
ing out certain ministers by the direction of the
Government. The Senate, after deliberation, de-
termined that he should not be paid. The argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Slidell,] and other Senators, in that case,
was that it was unusual and improper to pay naval
officers for these entertainments, or for carrying
ministers in our public vessels from here to foreign
countries. I do not wish a discrimination to be
made in favor of pne against the other; I must,
therefore, object to this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. This is not a similar case to
that to which the Senator from Maryland ha?
alluded, on which adverse action was had by the,
Senate a few days since. That was a case where
an allowance was asked for the transportation of
ministers of the United States to foreign countries.
The Senate then expressed the opinion that where
the ministers were furnished with an outfit and
salary they should have paid their own expenses
and mess bills. This case is one of extreme hard-
ship. Captain Paulding was sent in the frigate
St. Lawrence to the Baltic, in 1849, a sea in which
an American man of war had not been for many
years. He was necessarily compelled to expend
a large amount of money in returning the civilities
and honors paid to him and the flag of his country.
He also visited Southampton, in England, which
is a place very unusual for an American man of
war to go to. When the hospitalities of the city
were extended to him by the authorities, he con-
sidered it due to his flag and country that he should
return those civilities. In consequence of that
these extra expenses were incurred. Captain
Paulding is not a man of fortune. Of course, as
no allowance was made by law, the Navy Depart-
ment did not allow him, in the settlement of his
accounts, these expenses; and this has put him in
straightened and unpleasant circumstances since.
This is a very different case from that where the
captain or the commander of one of our vessels
takes out a minister for whom the Government
provides themeansof supporting himself. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I trust it will be adopted
without further debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I now submit an amendment
to this .bill which I proposed, by direction of the
Committee on Agriculture, to the civil and diplo-
malic appropriation bill. It is for the benefit of
one of the most important interests of the country,
which lias received very lit tie attention from this
Government. It is the only amendment the Com-
mittee on Agriculture hove thought proper to offer,
and I hope it will meet with the favorable consid-
eration ofihe Senate. It is to insert:
For obtaining information on the inseefs injurious to the
vegetation and lrints of the United Slates, arid procuring
inodel  and drawings of the same, so far as practicable,
$12,000, said information to be embodied in the annual
agricultural report, lo be expended under lhe direction of
the Secretary of the interior.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the incon-
gruity of this amendment with the present bill,
because the Senator from Florida was kind enough
to withdraw it from the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, when an appeal was made to
him for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. By authority of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs 1 offer this amendment:
Sec.— Jlnd be it further enacted, That tbe Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby,authorized localise to be
constructed for the dinted Slates Navy, at as early a day as
practicable, consistently with a proper regard for economy
and etlieiency, seven stpatn sloops of war, of which four
shall be built m tbe navy-yards of the Government, ami
three tdiall be consti ucted by private contract, under such
restrictions and limitations as may be proper fo protect the |
interest of the Government, and to secure the utmost rule
of speed which may be attainable, consistently with their
proper adaptation for war purpose*.
Sr.c. —. Jtnd be it farther enacted, That, for lhe purpose
aforesaid, there be appropriated, out ol any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lhe sum of $1,000,000.
There is no time to detain the Senate with dis-
cussing the propriety of this measure. I have
reported it by authority of the majority of the
Naval Committee.
Mr. GWIN. I intend to oppose it.
Mr. MALLORY. The chairman of lhe com-
mittee, of course, is at full liberty to oppose the
construction of war ships at his pleasure. I am
instructed by the majority of the Committee on
Naval Affairs to offer this amendment, which is in
the terms of a House bill for the purpose. It
contemplates the construction of seven steam
sloops of war for the naval service, three of which
are to be constructed in private, and four in public
establishments. It meets the approbation of the
Secretary of the Navy. The urgency of the public
service imperatively demands the vessels, and it
is for the Senate to say whether they will authorize
them to be constructed or not.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to know from my
colleague on the committee when this proposition
was agreed to by the committee ? Certainly so
important a measure should not have been brought
forward without my being notified, if not present
at the time. . , ,
Mr. MALLORY. The chairman has notified
me, on various occasions, that he would oppose
this measure. He told me so yesterday, and at
other times, but a majority of the committee agree
with me as to the propriety of it.
Mr. GWIN. When was it brought before the
committee? Every amendment which I have pro-
posed from the committee has been communicated
to its members. I neve^ heard of this proposition
being brought forward in a formal manner. I
desire to know if this was ever brought before and
formally passed upon by the committee?
Mr. MALLORY. There is no disposition
between the chairman and myself to place this
matter in any but exactly its true attitude. Yes-
terday morning, in the committee room, the sub-
ject was mentioned, and he notified me of Mb op-
position to the project. This morning I informally
asked his assent to it, but he declined it. I have,
however, in the same informal manner, obtained
the approbation of a majority of the committee.
It is precisely the same manner in which the ap-
probation of a committee to an amendment to an
appropriation bill is obtained nine times out of ten.
1 deem it a matter of duty to the Navy to press
this amendment. I care not personal!y one farthing
whether it be adopted or not. It is a matter en-
tirely of general interest.
Mr. GWIN. This amendment involves an
expenditure of #6,000.000 or #7,000,000, for these
sloops of war will cost $1,000,000 apiece. With-
out our amendments the naval appropriation bill,
as it comes to us from the House, appropriates
between $14,000,000 and $15,000,000. Here is
another measure brought forward, certainly not
matured by any committee of this body, which
was rejected in the other House after deliberation,
which will involve the expenditure of $6,000,000
or $7,000,000. 1 call upon the Senate not to load
down this bill, not to putupon it measures which
we know cannot be acted upon favorably in the
other House. Now, at the expiring hotjrs of the
session, this is not the right way to bring forward
a proposition of this sort, which involves so large
an expenditure of money. If I had expected it
to be brought forward, I should be prepared to
oppose it; but surely at the heel of a session like
this, after the House of Representatives have re-
jected this very measure on deliberation, we should
not bring it forward and,put it on an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to my friend from
California, who says that this measure has been
voted down in the House after mature delibera-
tion, I desire to say that I was present myself-}n
the House on that occasion, and it was done with-
out deliberation. Only one day was allowed for
naval business in that House, and in the face of a
long and able speech made on the subject by the
chairman of the Naval Committee of that House,
the proposition was laid aside. Now, the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate and myself differ as to the expediency of
this measure. It is simply a difference of opinion
on the question of expediency. I do not desire to
debate it; F ask for the vote.
Mr. STUART. As my friend from California
says, this question was thoroughly discussed in
the House. The bill was debated one day, passed
over until the next, and on the succeeding day
there was a decided majority against a motion to
take it up again. I hope the Senate will reject it.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and beingtaken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Cass,
Clayton, Dawson, .fames, Mallory, Morton, Pearce, Pratt,
Plidrll, Thomson of New Jersey, Weller, Wells, and
Wri'iht—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brainerd, Brojlhead, Butler,
Ch.ise, Clay, Evans, Fcssenden, Fifzpatrick, ;l'oot. Geyer,
GillcttP. Gum, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Petiit,
Ru-k, Seward, Shields, Bumrt, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toucey, Wade, Walker, and Wilson—S17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment
to offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Provided, That the compensation of the chiefs of the
Bureaus of Construction, Equipment, and Rf pair, and of
MVdieine and Surgery, be tin: s&me as now allowed to the
other chiefs of bureaus in that Department, and the defi-
ciency he paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
