1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
Mr. STUART. I hav« examined the aro«nd-1 j Mr, BELL. The sumof $30,000 is all that we
merit of the Senator fwn Florida, [Mr. Morton-,] !! propose to appropriate now. Tfti* navy-yard, so
ard > ihipit if v i\\ he jnfectly correct with the >! fur &3 improvements- h&ve been made at ic, is of
riCtiy
pTTI ,o:
Tr.jtt in the opinion of the Secretary
'i'-' 'X>, cf.nJ. tn\l b«' :n\* act vv-ili not 6e
 nl' ruUn or pulhe property.
adtisiicif Gf tJ'i;
P.-^nS.-Af-.r hi-
of NfVj 'u". p4
pff'j'.u.t-ia! 1<J if'i. , U.J.
Mr. RjOTvION. I i.r"* no objection to that.
I re sew my r.r^ndmcn: v« i-h tint modification.
The was ft£---:ed to.
Mr. CLAY TON. I drJ-'i to cfTrr an amend-
ment for tas purpose ot r^yir^ tj tiie owners of
the Collins line of stea«.cj-s \*bat in now due to
them. It ha.8 becoiYie n«ccs6*U'y in conoaquence
of a fact which is well known here, but to which I
cannot refer.
Mr. DELL. We have s*me amendments from
the ComrnKteo on Naval Li.airs.
The PRESIDENT. Tin amendments of the
committee wni b« firfct rfcsr.'pd. |
Mr. BELL, i e.n cUre.it-i by the Committee 1
on Njiv«x1 Affairs to report the foUc-7i'i£ amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the appropriation j
for navy-yard*: I
Menipri.M—ror excavation, embankment. Ftnitli-shop, |
Btore-i;ofi siiii repairs of all kinii5, *30,000 : Provided, '
That no pittof this f-.irii *l:;'.ll be ex[>"iiiied until the hoard i
ot Ma..or und Aidenntii ot the ei'y of ?vl«mphis Plull liave
r' U'>ic."(:'d to me lTmled Fitau < r<f, s£.td navy y ird. with ail
the fixmres and Rppurt^nanccrf thereunto belonging, un- |
conditionally, by dc( d, n fcuch form as shall be approved .
by tile Secn'tary of tile K^vy. j
Xvlr. STUART. As I understand that amend- j
merit, it proposes to make an nppiopriation for the ;
Memphis navy-yard, whkh we gave away a year ,
ago. That certBinly is not in order under the .
rules of the Senate. There is no estimate font, !
and cannot be, for we do not own the property. 1
The amendment proposes by its very terms that .
it shall have no application until the Mayor and
AIdcrrn*n of M?:..phis retrocetie the property to \
the Unued States. Now, sir, how can you, on ,
an appropriation bill, appropriate money for such ;
a purpose as that under our rules, i make the ,
point of order. !
Mr. BELL. The question is left open by the j
proceedings of the Mayor and Aldermen of the j
city of Memphis. I consider this provision im- j
poitant, nut so much to the city of Memphis and ;
th>- Sta e cf Tennessee as to tht public interests of |
the cour.'ty at large. But, sir, stquesiion of order 1
is raised, 1 presume, however, there will be no i
difficulty in deciding that when the question is !
faiJy stpted. :
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inquire
the most substantial character. The woik,so fa.
as it is finished, ha3 been done in a ivcikmaniike
ard aitisttc manner. The Government has lrjt,
at any time, made any arrangements to construct
vessels of war at that yard. The policy seems to
have been, in the first place at all ev< li s, to em-
ploy it as a rope-walk, or as a place for the manu-
facture of coidage for the use of the Navy of the
United States, and for that purpose the most per-
fect machinery tiof known in the world has been
purchased. It is even more perfect than that which
is employed at the navy-yard at Charlestown,
Massachusetts; because there has been combined
with the new machinery all the improvements
known in this country and in Europe. This Gov-
ernment has expended upon the property between
|700,000 and $800,000.
Upon a very brief discussion, and surely with
very little deliberation, it was agreed, at the last
session, to cede the property to the city of Mem-
phis, without any consideration. It has given rise
to some difference of opinion as to the point of
policy among the city authorities and inhabitants
of Memphis, and it has given rise to some com-
plaints and dissatisfaction throughout that whole
section of ihe Union, that property of this great
value, situated as this is, and intended for such
national and indispensable purposes, should be
thus disposed of. It would be of some advantage,
in a pecuniary point of view, to the corporate
authorities of Memphis to hold the property, and
they have manifested a disinclination to surrender
it unless the Government will come under engage-
ments to make it a yard of construction and equip-
ment. That the Executive Government has posi-
tively declined to do. The Congress of the United
Staie3 have heretofore declined to employ it as a
yard of equipment and construction, and 1 believe
that is not uncommon in regard to some oilier
navy-yards which are still sustained by the United
States. The proposition is now, taking up the
estimates of the Navy Department for the last ses-
sion of Congress, to make an appropriation of
less than one half the amount estimated for at that
time. The estimate then was $G5,000. It is now
proposed to appropriate only $30,000 for the pur-
poses specified m the estimate of the Secretary of
the Navy at the last session of Congress, so that
there is no committal of this Government to make
it a vard of construction or equipment. The
amendment leaves the Government to exercise the
wh-ther tn.j amyiniment is recommended by the discretion of making that a yard of con&truc'nn
Cnniinil>ee on NsvrI AfiV.rt? I or eqaipment at their pleasure, or never, if they
Mr. b^LL. It i:-, h;-.s the approbation of : think proper. It never will be, so long' as the
" ' ~ ' present Executive Government is in power; and
so it may be with every other Executive Govern-
ment that succeeds. They will exercise the c!:s-
the SecrcU. y cf thr. Navy meiTicially and mfor-
nial!y cciiniunic&ted.
Mr STUART. Timt is not my point of order.
Mr BELL, if (here is no further objection on
the point of order, I desire to make a sfiort state-
ment m relfK'a to the amendment.
The PRES1BKJN1'. The Chair decides the
am^ndm n: to be in order.
Mr. STUART. The Chair has not decided
the point of order which I raised. That point of
order is 'his: That ths United Scates do not own
the property, it wits caded a year ago, and the
authorities of M:r.-.pl.is, to whom it was ceded,
h&vs a^ieed to recede it m cfise tne United States
will relake it. It is not at this day the property
of the United States, ar.d the amendment itself,
®s the Chair will perceive on reading it, provides
that, the moflfv shall not be applied until the city
authorises retiocede the property. Now, I ask,
under the rule", how can you, in a general appro-
priation bill, wh.ch only appropriates foi the
flii'itirs of Government money to be applied to the
property of the Government, make an appropria-
tion of Oiat sort >
The PRESIDENT. That is a matter for the
Senate to determine for themselves. The amend-
ment hftvii®; been reported by a committee, the
Chair recognizes it es m order.
Mr. BELL. Although an act was passed at
the last session ceding the navy-vard to the city ;l ...,    —
of M«mphi3, the consummation 'of it has been j| This yatd, in every respect, is weh adap .J to the
~   *- :l manufacture of that lndispensaole ar'icle tor L.ie
consumption and sustenance of the Navy of the
United
cretion of recommending whether or not public
vessels shall be built or equipped there, or whether
the yard shall be employed exclusively for the
manufacture of cordage.
Now, Mr. President, the proposition is, to make
this small appropriation for the objects contem-
plated by the Navy Department, not one of which
includes the idea of making this a yard of con-
struction or equipment, and not one dollar is to
be expended until the city authorities shall have
unconditionally retroceded the property to the
Government of the United States. Tnere is a
conditional retrocession already tendered to the
Government, to which the Executive refused io
accede, and to which Congress are not disposed
to accede. The Committee on Naval Affairs have
therefore authorized me to offer this amendment,
refusing to accede to it. You have already ex-
pended nearly §800,000 on this yard. The ma-
chinery alone for the manufacture of cordage cost
; §100,000. That is ready to operate in a hemp
i region, and which is likely to be the only avail-
j able hemp region as long as the present war con-
! tinues in Europe. E refer to Tennessee ar.d the
I States lying north of it on the Mississippi river,
; as our hemp region. I should like to know who
at present can foresee the termination ot that war.
to. . _  j in nL-^l! rtfl«nTA/t ro t.n®
euppendtrd by the consent of the Government to
see whether any jsiment of the question can
be arrived at between the authorities of the city of
Memphis, to v;nom the property was ceded and
the Government.
Mr. EVANS. How much do they ask for?
>fates.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into any argu-
i ment on this subject! because it is too late. 1 must
1 gn Km it to whatever the Senate shaii, in their wis-
Ijdomand discretion, think proper to enact. We
j' propose to make this entail appropriation when the
i f-.uaionties of Memphis shall have retroceded their
j| property absolutely to the United States, ft has
]| a'ready cost the Government nearly $800,000.
. This amendment leaves it to the discretion of Con-
l: gfess and the Executive Department hereafter, to
I, use it as a ropewalk or a3 a yard of construction
j and equipment, as they think proper. I think the
tune may come when it will be found most expedient
[ for the public service to use it as a yard of construc-
j tion and equipment as well as for the manufacture
j of cordage, because it is secure from any invasion
j of an enemy from any part of the Gulf coast. It
! never can be reached by a public enemy. I will
] say now, that I think most of our navy-yards on
i the Atlantic coast might be reached by the over-
! whelming powers of some of the Governments
| across the Atlantic, either by England or Prance,
or both combined; but 1 leave all these views out
i of the question. I simply refer it to Congress to
j say whe-.her or not they will hold this property,
: and use it for public purposes to the extent that
! they, in their discretion,shall think it ought to be
f used, upon the condition of absolute retrocession
! by the cny of Memphis.
i Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say that I suppose
1 the Senate understood last year that it was rather
I an act of caprice than otherwise which established
j this navy-yard. I concurred in the suggestion
J which was then made, and which came from some
i Senator who understood the matter.
| Mr. STUART. It was the Senator from Ten-
!j ness.ee, [Mr. Jones.]
|i Mr. SEWARD. I concurred in it with regret;
I [and I now join in putting it back to where it
II belongs.
j Mr. STUART. I do not intend, at this stage
j of the session, to go into a discussion of this sub-
ject, further than to say that Congress, at the last
1 session, disposed of this property to the city of
j Memphis without fee and without price. They
! made a donation of it to that city. There were
j certain reasons that were stated, of a general
j character, why it should be done. They were
| not applied particularly to this navy-yard; but
! they were applied to the subject of navy-yards
■ generally. It was insisted, and insisted with
j great propriety, that the Government of the Uni-
i ted Slates were maintaining such a number of
! navy-yards as to constitute unnecessarily a very
j great tax upon the Treasury of the United States;
j and after an attempt was made to get an appro-
I pnation for this navy-yard, and the sense of the
i, Senate had been obtained decidedly against it, I
think the Senator from Tennessee—I may be mis-
; taken in that; but, at all events, some Senator—
| mox'ed the proposition to make a donation of it to
! the city, and the Senate agreed to it. Now, sir,
I for ceitam reasons best known to the people of
that portion of the country, they prefer that the
; United States should keep the property, and keep
up the annual expenditures, rather than have an
; unconditional donation of it to them. I,of course,
; do not undertake to speak authentically; but they
' are reasons which can very well be imagined, for
a navy-yard in a community leads to an extensive
I reception of the public money to be expended
> there every year, and it might be well inferred
, that the people in that immediate vicinity would
prefer I hat course to be pursued.
| All that I mean to say upon this occasion, at
least for the present, is this: that Congress, with
' tho approval of the Executive Department, having
! a year ago taken this step, it would be best to
have the recommendation from the Executive
I Donartment that we should retrace it rather than
J to proceed to retrace it m this manner. If it is
believed to be best for the public interests to re-
i trace the step, to take a retrocession of the prop-
ertv, and aj?am go on with the expenditures, I
i shall noc vole against it; but believing, as I did,
i that a navy-yard, thus situated, is not subservient
| to the best interests of that Department of thesei-
vice, I confess I was glad to see the act, while, at
the same time, I could not see the authority to do
i It. Cut, sir, that question is foreclosed. The act
' has been performed; the deed is consummated;
and it seems to me that on this the last day of the
i session of this Congress, we should do well to wait
for a recommendation from the proper Depart-
: ment before we take the initiatory step to again
procure the right and authority over that prop-
] erty. Thia is the only suggestion I desire to
