1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
make. I only ask the Senate to consider it, and,
if they disagree with me, «s a matter of coarse,
I shall be bound to believe that ray views upon
the subject are erroneous.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesse. I had not intended,
Mr. President, to say one word upon the subject,
nor should I depart from that purpose, but for the
fact that allusion has been made to my course
■with regard to it at the last session of Congress.
It is true, as stated by the Senator from Michigan,
that I then offered to the Senate a proposition to
cede thenavy-yard at Memphis to the city author-
ities of Memphis. I have been understood as
having done that in a moment of excitement. It
is true that I was excited. I felt that I had a right
to be excited. But whether there was excitement
or not, under the same circumstances 1 would
make the same proposition that I then m®le. If
the same determination obtains in the Senate, or
in the Congress of the United States to-day, as
manifested itself then, I will stand by that propo-
sition.
What were the circumstances under which I
offered that proposition to the Senate ? Here was j
a navy-yard that had been established by the '
Government of tho United States at the city of
Memphis. The city authorities had ceded to the
General Government the ground upon which the
property was to be located. The General Govern-
ment had agreed and contracted to build (here-
upon a navy-yard. It went forward to execute that
contract, and after spending sflme §800,000 it
stopped, turned its attention in a different direc-
tion, and when the appropriation bill came up here
at the last session, to continue that navy-yard, we
Were tendered in lieu of it the miserable, con-
temptible sum of $13,000. That for a national
navy-yard! Under that infliction of wrong and
injustice to my constituents, the Government
having taken their property from them by a dona-
tion for a specific purpose, under a written contract
that it was to build a navy-yard upon it, I felt
the time had come that I, representing that con-
stituency, should tell the Senate, if it was their
deliberate purpose to abandon the navy-yard, that,
in justice and common honesty, they were bound
to give back the property to those to whom it
belonged originally. That I maintain to-day; that
I shall maintain as long as I live; and when I com#
to die I shall maintain it. If the Congress of the
United States are willing to carry out in good faith
their original contract I desire that they shall do
it. I have always desired that they should do it,
not because my constituents are interested in it,
but because I consider the whole country, and
particularly the great valley of the Mississippi,
interested in it. To abandon it, and convert it into
n contemptible rope-walk having thirty acres of
ground almost in the heart of the city, is an act of j
injustice to which the Congress of the United '
Suites can never lend its sanction, in my judg- !
ment.
I am contcnt with the proposition submitted by
my colleague. It simply provides that an appro-
priation of $30,000 shall be made to continue the
yard, without any other specification in it than
that the corporation shall retrocede the property
to the Government of the United States. It leaves
it with the corporation to decide for themselves j
what is best for themselves. I will never, by vote |
or act of mine here, lessen the power which the i
corporation has over that. I do not believe that1
this proposition does do it. I think the proposition
is fair; it is just, so far as it goes; it is not just, so ,
far as the original intention and purpose of the j
contract is concerned; but.it can do no harm to i
anybody, and if the Congress of the United States j
choose to pass it, I am content with it, and shall j
give it my sanction. It simply refers the question ;
to the decision of those to whom you have con- 1
veyed the property. If they are willing to give it
back to the Government unconditionally, without
requiring the Government to carry out the original
contract, be it so; I shall not complain. They have
the right to do it; and, therefore, I am content that
we slfall pass the amendment offered by my col-
league. The course which 1 took is such a one
as I am ready to maintain at all times.
Mr. RUSK. This navy-yard was established
many years ago. U was alleged by the Depart-
ments, I believe, to he necessary. I shall not go
into the reasons for it. Memphis was then, com-
pared with what it is now, an unimportant place;
vnd it ia now, compewtd with what it will be very
soon, in my judgment, an unimportant place. I
look upon it as destined to be one of the most
important places in the United States; and if, in
the exercise, perhaps, of a hasty temper, we last
year passed a law giving the property back to the
city, I hope that temper will not now be kept up,
but that the amendment will prevail.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall vote for the amend-
ment; but I only wish to say that it must not be
taken as an indication of my willingness to sup-
port the constructing of a navy-yard at that place.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STUART. I shall ask them again in the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affairs:
That tho sum of §60,000 be, and the same ia hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, foi tile eptablishmeiH of a marine bar-
racks at Brooklyn, New York; (hesaid sum to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs restored the appropriation
for the navy-yard at New York, which was very
large—I think upwards of §400,000. This bill
contains unusually large appropriations.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment submits the
question of erecting marine barracks to the dis-
cretion of the Secretaty of the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to the Senator from
Virginia, I will say that the object of the expend-
iture is legitimate. The present marine barracks
is an old alms-house, which, being unfit for poor,
was considered fit for the marines; but even that
has become unfit, and it now leaks so badly that
they cannot stay there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on -Naval
Affairs desire to restore the estimates, which ware
reduced in the House, in regard to the academy.
I therefore move to amend the clause—
" For repairs of buildings, for tho nccessary additions
arid repairs to tho works for beating the buildings, and
support of the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland,
#•25,044 5Si,"
so that it shall read:
For repairs of buildings, for the necessary additions and
repairs to Hie works, for house for professor and assistants,
for heating the buildings, and support of the Naval Acadcmy
at Annapolis, Maryland, §3-1,044 2'J.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Commerce:
And that the salary of the surveyor of eimtonii attho port
of Cauo, Illinois, (.hall be $8(j0 per annum, instead ot liie
sum now allowed by law.
Mr. HUNTER. This ought to go upon the
Navy bill. We ought not to begin increasing tho
salaries of the collectors of customs upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 gava way to let the other
bill pass, with the understanding that the amend-
ments could be put upon this. 1 call the attention
of the honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las! to this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. We last night voted down a
similar amendment in regard to the surveyor at
St. Louis, who was, perhaps, more entitled to it
than any other surveyor. They ought all to be
treated equally.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sure, if the Senator
knew the facts, he would not object to this. Here
was this office created just where the Central rail-
road terminates. The salary of the officer certainly
was not fixed with reference to his duties. The
amount now proposed is only $800 a year, and
certainly you would not require him to perform
his duties at a less sum than that. I put it at
the lowest sum, in order that there might be no
objection to it. 1 know there will be none.
'.The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment:
I And be it further enacted, That the several laws of the
, United States relating to pilots on steamboats and other
j steam vessels, and especially this act of Congress approved
the 30th ot August, 1852, entitled " An aet to amend an act
' to provide for the better security of lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in wholo, or in part, by steam,
and for other purposes," fchall not be so construed as to
affect, annul, or impair the validity of-any laws of any State
regulating prfotage in its ports and harbors, or over bars at
the mouths of rivers, where such bars are within the terri-
torial jurisdiction ot such State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment:
land be it further enacted, That the existing laws, limit-
iug the number of officers in the Navy of the United otates,
be°so far modified as to entitle the officers of the Navy ana
revenuo marine of Texas, at the time of annexation, to Hie
pay of officers of the United States on leave of absence pay,
to the present time: JProoided, The number of such officers
shall upt exceed eight of the naval and of the revenue ser-
vice.
Mr. HUNTER. What is this ? ^
Mr. SLIDELL. The sense of the Senate
ought to be expressed on this, and I ask for the
yeas and nays. It is to incorporate certain offi-
cers of the Texas marine and navy into the Uni-
ted States Navy.
Mr. W ELLER. The sense of the Senate was
expressed last session, and expressed favorably
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. The Senate understand this mat-
ter very well, for it has been often discussed here.
I Believe these officers are entitled, fairly and
equitably, on a fair construction of the joint reso-
lutions of annexation, to be incorporated into the
Navy of the United States. But a proposition to
that cflect'was rejected by the Senate at the last
session, and this was offered and agreed to. I
trust it will now be adopted. _
Mr. BUTLER. I have had some difficulty
upon this question, but, upon the whole, I shall
vote "Aye."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 19-, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Benjamin, Butler,
cass, DourIos, J<wnes, Jone? of Iowa, Jones ot Tennessee,
Mallory, Morton, Pettit, Pratt, Husk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucy, Wcller, and Wright—23,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brainerd, Brodhead, Chase,
Cluy, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Foot, Geyer, Hunter,
Pearee, SiuieU, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Walker, Wells, and
Wilson —19.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And he it further unacted, That there be paid to E. K.
Collins and his associates, out of any, money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for carrying the mails be-
tween New York and Liverpool, the amount nowdue them
lor that service.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator wili withdraw
that. An amendment covering that ground wilt
be reported from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. A member of the Committee,
on Finance will offer the mail steamer bill as it
would have stood if amended in accordance with
the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I withdraw the amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing:
That for the purpose of obtaining a semi-monthly mail
service betwen New York and Liverpool, the Postmaster
General be, and he js hereby, authorized to contract witlt
Cornelius Vanderbilt for the transmission of the mail, once
in two weeks, intermediate, between the taid points, to be
carried in sate and suitable steamships, the service to b&
pr-rformed within the average time occupied in the voyages
of the Cunuid steamers : Provided, The service can b<?
obtained for a sum not exceeding $15,000 the round trip
from New Yoik and back : Jlnd provided further, That the
service be commenced within sixty days from the com-
mencement of this contract, which shall continue for five
years.
I do not intend to make an argument on the
subject. The discussion a few days ago demon-
strated clearly the vast importance of mail service
between New York and Liverpool. Honorable
gentlemen here told us it was not only indispen*
sable, but that millions of dollars a year were saved
by the difference of a few days in speed. Wow,
there is a proposition to establish mail service
semi-monthly between New York and Liverpool
for $15,000 a round trip. Whether the Congress
of the United States desires such services as that
or not, I do not know; I simply ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I desire simply to say that the
returns from the Post Office Department in regard
to the other line, showed that that Department
would be much more than remunerated for this
service from the mails of the country.
Mr. TOUCEY. The amendment is contrary
to an existing contract. I shall vote " No. "
Mr. JOHNSON. I am against the whole of
these contracts, and therefore shall vote " No."
