1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
Upon application to Genersl Jesup, he decided
that it was a matter beyond his control; expressed
a favorable opinion of the claim, and re(erred the
case to {he Hon. C. M. Conrad, then Secretary
of War, who gave an order for the return of
the wagons to the petitioner. They were not,
however, returned, and could not be, for the rea-
son that most of them had been worn out and
broken to pieces by severe usa^e in the service of
the UmttdStates Army; and such as were fit for
use were still in service, and could not be dis-
pensed with without serious detriment to the
service.
The wagons were worth, at the time they were
taken and put into the service of the United States,
$150 each.
No amendment being proposed the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
FERDINAND CLARK.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the House bill for the relief
of Fetdiuand Clark.
By the passage of this bill the duties imposed
by the act of June 30, 1834, concerning the ton- 1
nage upon Spanish vesseis, on the Spanish brig
Conde de Viilanueva, Captain Carlos de Agao,
and paid to the collector of the port of Charleston,
in South Carolina, previous to the clearance of
the vessel from that port for Cuba, on the 11th of
September, 1835, with a cargo of rice and lard,
will be refunded to Ferdinand Clark, the owner
of the brig, she having been wrecked on the coast
of Florida, on the 17th of the same month, and
lost, with the greater portion of her cargo.
Mr. ADAMS. I should like to hear the report
read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can state the case to the
Senator in a few words, if he wishes it.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the request.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
TITIAN R. PEALE.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate considered
the House bill for the relief of Titian R. Peale.
The bill proposes to direct the payment of
$1,782 SO to Titian R. Peale, of Philadelphia, or
his kgal representative, in full payment for the
losses which he sustained of his private property
when wrecked in the United States ship Peacock,
at the mouth of the Columbia river.
Mr. Peale was appointed by the Navy Depart-
ment on the 28th of December, 183G, a member
of the scientific corps to be attached to the South
Sea surveying and exploring expedition, organized
under the act of Congress of the 18th of January,
1836. He performed constant and valuable ser-
vice during the expedition, and was on board the
United States ship Peacock when she proceeded to
the northwestcoast of America. On the 18th July,
1841, that vessel was entirely lost in endeavoring
to enter the mouth of the Columbia river, the offi-
cers and crew having scarcely time to escape with
their lives, and being unable to save anything
from the wreck. Mr. Peale, upon this occasion,
lost all his personal effects—his books and instru-
ments, and a large number of articles which he
had collected in his department, and which it
would be difficult to replace. But, notwithstand-
ing the calamity, he was enabled, by the exertions
of the commanding officer, Captain Hudson, and
his own strenuous efforts, to replace, at extrava-
gant prices, and as fara's practicable from his own
funds, such articles as were indispensably neces-
sary for the completion of the contemplated sur-
veys of the country, and was thus enabled to
continue his usefulness to the expedition; and,
with others of the scientific corns, traversed over
a large portion of Oregon and Upper California,
thereby adding much to the information of those
countries which we now possess.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. MASON. The Senate has passed a great
many private bills; I want now to take up a pub-
lic one. I ask the Senate, while we have leisure,
to be good enough to take up the bill which was
laid upon thetable yesterday, relating to "Virginia
land scrip—the House bill to amend the act ap-
proved August 31,1852, entitled "An act making
further provision for the satisfaction of Virginia
land warrants." I hope the Senate will not vote
the motion down. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] may make his speech, and I prom-
ise, if the Senate will indulge me, to reply to him
in three minutes, and take the vote.
Mr. STUART. The motion to take up the
bill is not debatable.
Several Senators. Do not debate it.
Mr. STUART. I made the motion yesterday
that the bill lie upon the table as a test question,
and I only ask for the yeas and nays on this
motion.
Mr. MASON. The motion to take the bill up
is debatable, at least so far as the Senator has
debated it.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. MASON. This is a question in which a
sovereign State is interested. They have got our
land—the Senator's State among the rest—and
now they refuse to carry out the appropriations
made m the days of the Revolution. That is the
fact.
Mr. STUART. In my opinion that is not the
fact.
Mr. MASON. Very well, sir; I ask the Senate
to take up the bill, and I will only ask for three
minutes' time on my side.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would call attention 
The PRESIDENT. This is not a debatable
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has to be debated when
taken up; and when the yeas and nays have been
ordered, I have never known any one prevented
from statins: his reasons against taking up a bill.
'The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay upon
the table was not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then this is bound to be
debated for four hours. I hope it will not be
taken up.
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; motions to-post-
pone all prior orders of business, and take bills
from the files for consideration, are debatable, but
not motions to take bills from the table.
Mr. JOHNSON". I mean that if the bill is
taken up, it will be debated at least four hours.
Mr. MASON. I have a word to say, [" Or-
der!" " Order 1"] If it is debated four hours, it
will be by the other side.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
reunited—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams Bell, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Cas-', Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Gcyer, Gwin,
Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Morton, PeUit, Praii,
Rusk, and VVellor—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brainerd, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fessenden, Fitz,)airick, Foot, James, Johnson,
Jone^> of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Sebastian, Sovvard,
SiifJoM, Smart, Sumner, Thompson of New Jersey, Wade,
Walker, Wells, Wilson, and Wright— 22.
So the motion to take the bill from the table was
not agreed to.
JAMES HUGHES.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, considered
the joint resolution of the House for the relief of
James Hughes.
It is designed to direct the Secretary of War to
adjudicate and settle the claim of James Hughes,
of Madison county, Tennessee, for such clothing
as was furnished by him to the company of vol-
unteers engaged m the Seminole war, commanded
by Captain Alexander D. Bradford, and after-
wards by Captain Jesse McMahon. About June,
1836, a company of volunteers, commanded by
Captain Alexander B. Bradford, was raised at
Jackson, Tennessee, for the Seminole war; it
served during the period of enlistment in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities m Florida, and was
discharged at the expiration of that period. After
it was organized, the memorialist, at the request
of the officers, furnished clothing for it; which
clothing was worn by those to whom it was fur-
nished while in the service of the Government in
the Seminole war, for which he has not been
paid.
No amendment being proposed the joint reso-
lution was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOEL H. DYER.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Senate take up the House joint resolution for the
relief of Joel Henry Dyer, a citizen of Texas. It
is a very meritorious case.
Mr. RUSK. I hope it will be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, considered the bi.fl.
It directs the accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay Dyer $820 43 in full satisfaction for his ser-
vices as judge advocate in the company in which
he served in the Seminole war, less the amount
paid him as private.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
JEPTHA L. HEMINGER.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as In
Committee of the Whole, considered the House
bill for the relief of Jeptha L. Heminger.
It will drrect the Secretary of the Interior to cause
the name of Jeptha L. Heminger to be placed upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month during his natural, life, com-
mencing January 1, 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES CAPEN.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, aa
in Committee of the Whole, considered the House
joint resolution to pay the pension due James
Capen to his administrator.
At the last session of Congress an act was
passed granting a pension to James Capen of eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1851. He is now dead, and in order to
secure the pension to his representatives, the bill
directs the proper officer to pay to his adminis-
trator, out of the money appropriated for payment
of invalid pensions; the amount of pension due
him by the act of the 5th of August, 1854.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS P^RIC.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims have had under consideration the
bill from the .House of Representatives for the
relief of the h§iis of Thomas Park, deceased, and
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I hope
it will be put upon its passage now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to be author-
ized to .pay to the heirs and legal representatives
of Thomas Park, deceased, $800, the amount and
value of certain sails and rigging sold by Park to
Captain Harding, as agent of the United States
during the revolutionary war; the amount to be
received in full of all demands against the Gov-
ernment on this account.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT ANDREW FINLY.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate, as in
Committee df the Whole, considered the House
bill for the relief of the heirs of' Lieutenant An-
drew Fmly.
The Secretary of the Treasury will be required
to pay to Nancy Hough, formerly Nancy Fmly,
for herself and the heirs of Andrew Fmly, lute a
lieutenant in the Pensylvama line in the Conti-
nental establishment of the war of the Revolution,
one year's extra pay of a lieutenant as promised
in the resolves of Congress.
Lieutenant Fmly was an officer in the eighth
Pennsylvania regiment. He become a deranged
officer on the 10th of September, 1778- 1 This was
before the deranged officers, or those who.became
supernumerary by the reorganization^ the Army,
i were promised half-pay for life, which wa« after-
wards commuted for five years* full pay. But the
case of Lieutenant Fmly comes within the resolu-
tion of the 24th November, 1778, bv which it was
resolved " that all supernumerary officers he enti-
tled to one year's pay of their commissions re-
spectively, to be computed from the time such
i officer had leave of absence from the commander-
i in-chief on this account."
I No amendment being proposed the bill was
