1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1138
Mr. MASON. Does not that act contain a
provision by which all their legislation is subject
to the revision of Congress?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; it was expressly
stricken out.
Mr. MASON. I thought it was there.
Mr. STUART. It was in the bill when it was
reported to the Senate, but it was expressly
stricken out. That makes the position which I
have taken, I say to my honorable friend from
Virginia, so much stronger. Sir, the agreement
of this Congress, in the Nebraska and Kansas
act was, that there should be no supervision by
Congress over the domestic affairs of the Terri-
tory. I have said, that to me, individually, and
to the people whom I have the honor, in part, to
represent, it is not very matetial how you settle
this question.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware, or if I was, it
escaped my memory, that that uniform provision
in relation to the Territories had been stricken out
of the Kansas and Nebraska act; but it is in the
Minnesota territorial bill now.
Mr. STUART. Let me correct the honorable
Senator from Virginia in relation to his ideas of
uniformity. That power is neither in the New
Mexico act, nor in the Utah act. The acts that
were passed in the compromise of 1850, contain
no such reserved power; and, sir, the friends of
the Nebraska bill—as did the honorable Senator
from Illinois when he brought it in here, and in
the whole course of the debate—placed it upon the
ground of its being in consonance with the com-
promise of 1850, which reserved no power of re-
vision to Congress. Thus, since the compromise
of 1850, stands the action of Congress upon this
important subject.
Now, Mr. President, I call the attention of the
Senate, and I beg the particular attention of the
honorable Senator from Virginia,Jo what the peo-
ple of the Territory themselves have done on this
question; so that it cannot be considered a matter
of mistake, 'it cannot be considered a matter of
inadvertence, if the Senate go forward now and
violate the principle of the territorial acts of New
Mexico, Utah, Kansas, and Nebraska.
Mr. WELLER. 1 think the Senator from
Michigan is mistaken in regard to New Mexico and
Utah. The power of Congress to nullify their I
legislation is retained, in my judgment. At all
events, 1 join issue with him upon that question,
and require the production of the record.
Mr. STUART. Very well, find the law if 1
am mistaken. I may, sir, be mistaken in this
respect.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator is right as to the
Nebraska and Kansas act. I believe I was the
first to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the retaining of the power to revise or control
the legislation of those Territories was in the bill,
and it was subsequently, on the motion of the
Senator from Illinois, stricken out, not as the Sen-
ator supposes, because it was inconsistent with
the principle of the New Mexico and Utah act,
but because it was inconsistent with the principle
upon which that legislation was proposed to be
founded. 1 hold in my hand the New Mexico
act, and in the seventh section there is this pro-
vision:
"All the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly nnd
Governor shall be .-.ubmitttd to the Congress of the United
States, and if disapproved sliall be null and of no effect."
There i3 exactly the same provision in the Utah
bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Ohio is
correct. I had in my mind the veto power of the
Governor, and I made the mistake in that way;
but, sir, sucli was the action upon the Kansas and
Nebraska act. As the Senator from_ Ohio pays,
it was stricken out because it was inconsistent
witii the other principle of the bill, the main fea-
ture in it, to allow the people to legislate forthem-
seives.
I was about to call the attention of the Senate
to what theTerritory itself has done, and 1 should
be very glad if every Senator would listen to the
short detail which I will make of what the people
of MimiesotaTerritovy have done upon this ques-
tion. The Governor of the Territory, in his last
message to that Territorial Legislature 
Mi\ ADAMS. 1 make the question of order
whether niy friend from Michigan is in order in
discussinc the merits of the amendments upon an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in the power of
the Chair to restrict debate. Senators must decide
that for themselves.
Mr. STUART. I was stating that the Governor
of Minnesota Territory, at the last meeting of that
Legislature in January, recommended to the Legis-
lature to repeal this law; or if there was any doubt
about their power to do it, to petition Congress to
repeal the law by disapproving of it. The Legis-
lature, elected by the people of that Territory, acted
upon the recommendation; and, so far from con-
forming their action to it, they sent a request here,
a petition, which was, four or five days ago, on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas ,]
referred to the Committee on Territories, asking
Congress to repeal that provision of their act which
gives to Congress the supervisory power over
their laws as being inconsistent with their rights.
Therefore, I say to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that there can be no inadvertence of action
upon this question. The Legislature of theTerri-
tory have acted; they have refused to repeal the
law; they have refused to ask Congress to disap-
prove it on the question being presented to them
by the Governor; but instead of that, they have
demanded that they be put upon an equal footing
with Nebraska and Kansas. Now, sir, the issue
is directly presented to the Senate of the United
States, whether it will stand by the principle of
that act, or whether it will, before the Congress
which passed it expires, repudiate it.
With this short detail of the facts, I think I am
justified in what I stated to the Senate at the out-
set, that there is no act before the Senate at this
session which is more important than the one now
under consideration. Sir, most of the people of the
northern States, in my humble judgment, are pre-
pared to stand by the principle of the Kansas and
Nebraska act, and leave the people of the Terri-
tories to legislate upon their own domestic affairs
in their own way; but they are not disposed to fight
that battle alone. If the advocates of the Kansas
and Nebraska bill from other portions of the Union
are prepared now to repudiate its principle, it is
repudiated for the whole country. Sir, there is no
question more domestic in its character than the
construction of a railroad in a Territory, wholly
within the Territory, and that Territory within a
year or two to become a State.
Mr. PRATT. With the consent of the Sen-
ator 1 will make a statement in regard to this case.
A fact has come to my knowledge which has not
yet been stated in the debate, and which, if I am
correctly informed, will probably be decisive of
the question. It will be recollected, Mr. Pres-
ident, that at the last session, a railroad company
having been chartered by the territorial govern-
ment of Minnesota, the Congress of the United
States passed a law by which they made a grant
of lands to that company. After that law was
passed and signed by the President, Congress
ascertained, or supposed they ascertained, that
there was some mistake, error, or fraud in it, and
they passed an act repealing that law. The com-
pany to whom the grant was made, notwithstand-
ing the repealing law, have acted under the grant,
and have taken possession of the lands under it.
The Government of the United States has resisted
that claim. The courts in Minnesota determined
that the company were entitled to it, notwith-
standing the repealing law, and the case is now
in the Supreme Court for its decision. I admit that
inasmuch as there is a power reserved in the Min-
nesota territorial act to Congress, to repeal any
law which may be passed by its Legislature, we
may have the abstract power to repeal this char-
ter;" but I do not think it would be right to go
behind the grant we have made to this company,
by repealing the charter of the company itself
when it is a question in litigation in the Supreme
Court of the United States as to the legality of the
grant. „ „ ,
Mr. STUART. That is a fact I am perfectly
well aware of. I am very much obliged to the
honorable Senator for having stated it. I intended
to refer to it. I was intending to show, sir, with
the consent of the Senate, that this was the strong-
est case of interference with the rights of the Ter-
ritories that had ever been presented to Congress,
in all its features; and I was going on to show, as
I had stated, that if Congress now, by this delib-
erate action, should adopt this amendment, there
would be no room to deny hereafter any interfer-
ence whatever.
What is the extent of this reserved power to
disapprove of the laws of the Territories ? Is it
i to disapprove any law that vpa may arbitrarily
please at any time, and under *ny circumstances?
Or is it upon the principle that the territorial gov-
ernment is, in a degree, achild of the*parent Gov-
ernment, and you hold the power, in case she shall
seek to carry out a law violative of your Consti-
tution, violative of the rights of the people of the.
States, violative of any other great fundamental
right, to interpose and disapprove of the act? Is
not that the extent of it? w ill it be contended by
any Senator that, if you reserve the power you do
in this case, and the Legislature of a Territory
pass a law defining what shall be criminal in that
Territory, you have the right to supervise and say
it shall not be criminal? If they pass a law say-
ing that the interest on promissory notes shall be
four per cent., have you the right to disapprove
of it? If they pass a law providing for the lay-
ing outof public highways, or regulating the mar-
riage contract, have you the right to disapprove of
it, and say it shall not be a law? I do not under-
stand that to be the effect of the reserved power to
Congress in these territorial organizations. I un-
derstand it to be that power whieh is reserved to
protect the Constitution and the rights of the
people at. large against a plain and violent invasion
of their rights.
I have said that the Legislature of this' Terri-
tory, acting for the people, elected no longer ago
than last fall, since the repealing act of Congress-
was passed, with a full view of all the facts in the
case before them, have refused to repeal this char-
ter. Nay, more, Mr. President, that Legislature
have passed a law amending and continuing this
charter, and they have come up here and asked
the Congress of the United States, instead of dis-
approving of their law, to repeal the power which
preserves to Congress the authority to disapprove
ofit. As theSenator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt]
has stated, a certain company, organized by the
laws of that Territory, claim that at the instant
Congress passed the law granting the land to the
Territory, the right to the land vested in them.
They went on, in virtue of their charter within
the Territory of Minnesota, and they commenced
the construction of their road by cutting down
timber and opening it. The United States officers
commenced a suit against them. They pleaded
the charter and the grant of Congress. The United
States officers replied that the Taw was repealed.
The company demurred. The question was de-
cided by the United States court in Minnesota in
favor of the company, and against the United
States. An appeal was taken to the supreme
court of the Territory. The decision was affirmed.
The district attorney of the United States, residing
there, appealed to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. That question is now pending in that
court to be determined. Now, I ask the Senate
of the United States—that body, which, under
the Constitution, is peculiarly intended to secure
the rights of all individuals, whether in a corpo-
rate or other capacity—if it intends now, by an
amendment upon a pension bill, to seek to subvert
the very foundation on which the Territory of
Minnesota claims that this grant is of force? Why
not leave the Supreme Courtof the United States
to decide that question ? Did not Congress vindi-
cate itself to the extent that it possessed the power
when it repealed the law, and is it nothing that
your own judicial officers—I say your own judi-
cial officers, because it is your court that sits in
Minnesota, and not a court elected by the people
of that Territory; it is a court constituted on the
nomination of the President, and confirmed by the
Senate—is it nothing that a court thus constituted
have determined that the right did vest in theTer-
ritory, and, by their law, in this chartered com-
pany ? And is it not as unbecoming an act now
on the part of the Government of the United
States to seek, by the repeal of that charter, to
defend that suit, as it would be for an individual
litigant to bribe a juror ?_ For, sir, give it any
complexion you may, it is but a method of de-
fending that suit. 1 never thought very much of
the ground on which Congress proceeded last ses-
sion; I never could see very much reason for
saying that because some officer in and about
I Congress had committed a ccnsurable act, there-
fore °the Territory should be deprived of the grant
of the land. It never seemed to me to be quite
logical; nor did it ever seem tome to be at all just.
