1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
It is suggested to me by honorable Senators that
the Senate is anxious to take the question, and
certainly, at this hour of the night, the last night
of the session, ifcthing—I say, emphatically,
nothing—short of a violation of the first principles
of human rights, would lead me to stand here and
consume time. If the Senate desire to take the
question I yield the floor.
Mr. MASON. I shall detain the Senate but a
very short time. The proposition made by the
Senator from Maryland is of exactly the character
that was made at the last session to enable the
House of Represenatives, a3 the House has de-
termined, to vindicate the purity of the legislation
of Congress. It was attained at the last session—
at the very heel of the session—by placing what
was proposed to be done upon a separate, inde-
pendent subject, as we are now compelled to do
again to enable us to vindicate the purity of the
legislation of Congress. What was done at the
last session? The House of Representatives
passed a bill, which was sent to us, as I said just
now, for the purpose of repealing this grant of
land to the railroad company, because the House
considered—whether right or wrong I am unin-
formed—that improper practices had been used
toward the bill in transitu—a word had been
altered—and to remedy it they passed that bill.
It was sent to the Senate. It was read once. The
Senator from Michigan, whom we havejustheard,
objected, as he had a right to do under the rules
of the Senate, to its being then consideied. If
that rule had availed him, he could have avoided
the legislation at that session. The Senator from
Maryland, in order to obtain it, moved to ingraft
the bill upon an independent measure. The Senate
sustained him; it was so ingrafted; and the bill
passed to repeal the law making the grant. What
is the present state of affairs? It is contended, on
the part of those interested in the grant, that Ron
obstante the repeal, a right vested in law which the
repeal could not take away. That is the right
which, it is now said, is litigated in the courts, and
has been carried to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted Slates. What has the House done? We
stand here again, to meet thisobnoxious measure,
in the attitude in which we stood at the last ses-
sion. The House has passed this resolution:
" That Congress disapprove and disaffirm the act of the
Legislative Ai-bemljlyof the Teintory of Minnesota, emi-
tted ( An act to incorporate the Minnesota and Northwest-
ern Railroad Company,' &.C., ' and submitted to Congress,
ami Hie said act ot the Assembly is Hereby declared'null
and void.'"
The House, then, again is seeking, by this
mode, to vindicate the purity of legislation. Jt
repealed the grant, and now it repeals the railroad
charter; and how are we met here? The Com-
mittee on Territories of the Senate has offered, as |
a substitute for that bill, an act to deprive us of
the power of annulling the act at all, which the
honorable Senator says is in consonance with the
spirit and intention of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill. Be that as it may, we have the power—none
deny that it is in the act organizing the Minne-
sota Territory to annul and disaffirm the act of
the Legislature. But the honorable Senator says
we should not exercise it, notwithstanding the
extraordinary occasion which requires its exercise
at our hands. I am ignorant of the facts. I do
not know whether fraud wasdesigned or not; but
this, sir, I do know, that the House of Represent-
atives, where this thing originated, has twice
appealed to the Senate to sustain it in the effort to
vindicate the purity of the legislation of the coun-
try. The first proposition was a repeal of the law
malting the grant of land. That is met by the
declaration that non obstante your repeal, the right
has vested. Theattemptis again mode by repeal-
ing the charter of the railroad company; and now
we are met by the proposition to take away from
us the power to make that repeal. Sir, we have
got the power. „None deny that. The act organ-
izing Minnesota Territory reserves that power to
Congress. Nobody denies that. The question
is, shall we exercise it? The honorable Senator
says if we do, it will be in derogation of the rights
of the people of Minnesota. He says that the
mej'irity of the petfple, as represented in their
Territorial Legislature, have confirmed this grant.
Sir, we have had sent to us through the mails and
laid upon our tables very recently,an appeal from
the minority of that Legislature against permitting
this iniquitous thing to be done. They are all
strangers to me; I never saw one of them; but
the minority have sent an appeal hereto Congress
against allowing this thing to bedone; and minori-
ties have rights. What do we know? Recently,
I am informed, only through the public prints,
and I take it for granted it is true, that the Exec-
utive has dismissed from office the district attorney
of Minnesota for allowing this suit to be carried
through th&eourts without giving information at
Washington of its existence. I do not inquire
who is right and who is wrong in that; but the
fact exists.  
I say, Mr. President, that the House of Rep-
resentatives originated this proposition. They
say that this alleged fraud was practiced on their
legislation. They appealed to us at the last ses-
sion to enable them to correct it. We did so, in
the mode proposed to be pursued now. The
company have overcome that by declaring that
there is a vested right which they appeal to the
courts to establish. The House again appeals to
us to enable it to vindicate the purity of the legis-
lation of Congress by passing this resolution, and
our committee propose to nullify that by taking
away our power to go into that Territory. How
is the objection to the amendment sustained by
the honorable Senator from Michigan ? He says
it is incongruous, it is irrelevant; and the Presiding
Officer of the body, as I understood him, declared
it was out of order because it was incongruous.
I say, at the last session of Congress we did that
very thing. I say it has been done at every ses-
sioli of Congress, so far as I recollect. 1 have a
law handed to me by the honorable Senator from
Maryland to show that in 1849, this very Territory
of Minnesota derived an appropriation to pay the
salaries of its officers by-ingrafting it upon a pen-
sion bill. It will be found in the ninth volume of
the Statutes at Large, page 787. It is an actfor the
relief of James Nbrris, and for other purposes;
and in that act, placing James Norris, of New
Hampshire, on the roll of invalid pensioners, there
is this provision:
"That there he appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the.followinj? sums:
For salaries ot'the Governor, ihreti judges, and Secretary
of the Territory of Minnesota, $9,000.
Contingent expenses,
Compensation and mileage of members of tlie Legislature,
$ia,7UU.
And yet the Senator from Michigan says, and
the Chair rules, that this amendment is out of
order because it is irrelevant and incongruous;
though at the last session we attained the end of
vindicating the purity of the legislation of the coun-
try by the very means now sought to be adopted.
Sir, there is a prevailing spirit of equity, known
to all who are conversant with the forms of pro-
ceedings in courts of equity, that fraud vacates and
overrides everything. Here the House of Repre-
sentatives, where this thing is alleged to have
arisen, have again appealed to us, if we can, to
arrest this fraudulent purpose, conceived I know
not where, but alleged to exist. The question is
upon the appeal. I have shown a case in 1849;
and I have shown that, at the last session, we did
the very thing now sought to be done for the pur-
pose of enabling the House of Representatives to
attain what they seek to attain.
Mr. CADGER. I rise, sir, to a question far
above the merits, the intrinsic merits, of the sub-
ject offered for the consideration of the Senate. I
rise for the purpose of vindicating, as far as I am
able, the rights and privileges of the Senate against
the most extraordinary decision that has ever been
pronounced by a Presiding Officer of this body
since I have been a member of jt. I understand
the Presiding Officer rules the amendment out of
order because it is incongruous. I demand to
know where 13 the rule of the Senate which au-
thorizes him to take cognizance of the question of
congruity ? Where is it ? There is no such rule.
There never was such a rule of this body. The
Presiding Officer might as well tell ns that he rules
j an amendment out of order because he thinks it
is inexpedient to adopt it. Who gave him au-
thority to decide whether umeasure is congruous or
j incongruous, and, if incongruous, whether it was
j in the power of the Senate to consider and adopt
' it or not? Sir, he has no such authority. Since
I have been a member of the Senate, the question
has been twenty times raised, and twenty times 1
decided in the same manner. Incongruity!
Where is the head of parliamentary law, or of
the rules of the Senate, that makes incongruity a
question of order? It is no question of order. I
desire to understand now, departing, as I am, from
the Senate, whether we are to commence a new
regime in its government, to overturn these prm-
ciples, to surrender tamely to the Presiding Officer
of the body, an authority which no ruteof parlia-
mentary law, and no rule of this body gives h'tn,
and sit down quietly and say we cannot consider
any question unless he thinks it is what, sir.
Congruous. What does he mean by congruous ?
Mr. BRIGHT, (Mr. Foot m the chair.) I did
not use the word congruous, i beg leave to cor-
rect the Senator.
Mr. BADGER. What was the word ?
Mr. BRIGHT.** I did not use .that word. The
Senator can ascertain what word I used.
Mr. BADGER. Well, the Presiding Officer
ruled it to be out .of order, for some reason or
other. I tTemand to know what rule of the Senate
it is which determines that any one proposition ia
not admissible, when moved as an amendment to
another, except the 30th rule, in respect to appro-
priation bills? There is none. If this proposition
is moved, it is a question to be entertained by the
Senate; it is a question to be determined by the
Senate, whether they will adopt it or not. It may
be an incongruous amendment; it may be one that
is not germane to the subject; it may be one that
is inconsistent with it; it may be that one is ex-
tremely improper and wrong to be adopted; but all
that is a question for the Senate, not a question of
order. There is, beyond dispute, Mr. President,
no rule of the Senate, as such, which authorizes
the Presiding Officer to rule any amendment of a
proposition out of order, except, as I mentioned,
under the 30th rule, with regard to the appropria-
tion bills, and except the general principle that an
amendment cannot be made beyond the second
degree.
W ith regard to the agreement of propositions as
being germane, or congruous, or incongruous,
parliamentary law is clear. Says Mr. Jefferson's
Manual:
" If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with one
alieady agreed to, it i-= a tit ground for its rejection by the
House; but not within ihe competenec of the Sp{ aker to
suppress, as if it werfe against order. For were he permit-
led to draw questions ol consistence within the vortex of
order, he might usurp a negative on important modifica-
tions, and suppress, instead of sabserving, the legislative
will.
"Amendments maybe made so as totally to alter the .
nature of the proposition ; and it is a way of getting rid of
a proposition by making it bear a sense different from what
it wan intended by the movers, so that they vote against it
themselves. A new bill may be ingrafted by way of amend-
ment oil the words ' Be it enacted",' " &.c.
Now, sir, if this proposition of parliamentary
law be correct, and nothing can be cited against
it, why cannot this repeal be made unon a pension
bill? What is there to hinder it? What objection
can there be except want of consistence and of
congruity ? When I used the word congruity, I
supposed it was the one used by the Presiding
Officer. I did not hear his decision ruling the
amendment out of order, but I understood, as I
came into the Senate, that it was upon that ground.
But whether that was the word used or not is a
matter of no importance; it was upon the ground
that the proposition was incongruous, or inconsist-
ent, or improper, to be entertained; it was upon
some ground; and I say, Mr. President, the Sen-
ate have a right to put any proposition they please
upon this bill. More than that, they havea right
to put upon this bill what, under the S0:h rule,
they cannot put upon a general appropriation bill.
They can put an appropriation upon it. Any
member of this body can move an appropriation;
the Chair must entertain the question for the ap-
propriation ; and it is for the Senate to say whether
they will adoptitor not; although if the bill before
us were an appropriation bill, no individual mem-
ber of this body could move an additional appro-
priation to it.
I say this, Mr. President, because I think it is
important to vindicate the rules of the body, not
that I suppose, for a moment, that the honorable
gentleman who presides over us has any disposi-
tion to trample upon them. No doubt he decides
the question according to his views of propriety,
according to what he thinks to be ri^ht, and what
he thinks to be the rules of order of the Senate;
but I say there is no foundation upon which an
amendment can be ruled out of order, whether on
the groundof being inconsistent, or incongruous,
or not pertinent to the subject-matter of the bill,
lhat is a question for the body. It is a question
