THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New Series....No. 72-.
territorial act, which the Senator from Maryland
proposes to disapprove and annul.
I think, sir, we had better suppress a little of
our virtuous indignation, and leave these railroad
companies to fight their own battles. The United
States have no manner of interest in the question.
If we have parted with our title, we have parted
with our interest; if we have not parted with our
title, then neither of the companies can have it.
The question is depending before the Supreme
Court m the chamber below, on a record made up
that involves the whole isolated fact whether the
United States have parted with the title or not.
Let us trust that court. If the repealing act is
valid, the land belongs to the United States; if in-
valid, it belongs to the Territory; if it belongs to
theTerritory, we have no interest as to what com-
pany make the road. The people of the Terri-
tory ought to be allowed to settle it. Hence, I
think, we had better not be agents, involuntarily
and unconsciously, of either the old company or
the new, to get one charter out of the way for the
benefit of another. I think we had better drop
the subject, and leave them to prosecute it in the
courts. With this statement of the case, I am
sure, if the honorable Senator from Maryland had
had the opportunity, which the late hour at which
the report was printed deprived him of, of seeing
the facts as set out in that report by the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, he would have been
perfectly satisfied; he would have seen that it
would not be proper for this repealing act to take
place, when its effect would be to legislate the
grant out of the hands of one company into an-
other.
Mr. MASON. I am utterly ignorant of the
facts except so far as I hear them from others.
This matter, as I said, originated in the House.
It is the second proposition which the House has
sent to us to attain the object it had in view. The
matter, I suppose, was investigated there. I find
this statement in the debate which took place:
" When tlie Committee on the Judiciary came to look at
the names of the persons mentioned in the territorial act
proposed to he repealed, who were to receive this grant of j
eight hundred and fifty thousand and odd acres of the public :
lands, tne committee found that one of the immediate j
grantees of the Government was the Governor of that Ter- ,
ruory, who signed the bill, and another was the secretary ;
of the Tormoiy, who ceitified tlic bill." |
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can put that right in a j
moment. I
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment. Here j
is the letter of the Attorney General to the district j
attorney to which I referred, telling him that the ;
President had ordered his dismissal from office j
because he had entered this 3uit without the knowl- |
edge of the Government. Under date of Decern- j
ber 30, 1S54, he writes, " I am directed by the
President to say that he has learned with surprise
that yon, aa attorney of the United States for the
Territory of Minnesota, have presumed, without
any orders whatever, to commence a suit in that
Territory," &c. "These acts are in direct viola- i
tion of explicit instructions. The President will
not, and until he has further information on the 1
subject he cannot, undertake to question the mo- j
tives of your conduct in that matter, it being suf-
ficient for the present purpose of the Department
that in view of the ascertained facts he cannot.
suffer (he legal interests of the United States to j
remain longer in your charge. You will, there- ■
forp, consider your official position terminated on
the receipt of this communication." _ J
We all know what the law's delay is; but I find
in the report of the debate again that the suit *
which was thus commenced by the district attor-;
ney in that Territory, is thus spoken of: I
" It was eommoneed on (ho 0.'id of October. The plead- \
in£rs are exceedingly voluminous; but within the remark- 1
ably short spare of twelve days iSie summons wore served, :
declaration tiled, plea put in, replication to the plea Hied, ,
and demurrer to the plea ; issue was thus joined, the cause ■
eel down for argument, urgued and decided against the
United States, and ail in twelve days !" i
The whole thing was carried through the court (
in twelve days, and then sent to the Supreme i
Court of the United States. i
Mr. BOUGLA.S. 1 will answer these two j
72
points with a great deal of pleasure. The first
reason assigned in the House of Representatives
for their action, by Mr. Cutting, who made the
report, is that Governor Gorman and the Secre-
tary of the Territory were corporators in the
grant. From that fact the committee draw the
inference of fraud. If they had reflected for a
moment, they would have found that a corporator
in a charter has no beneficial interest in it; he is
a mere agent to receive subscriptions; if he does
not subscribe and become a stockholder, he has
no beneficial interest at all. It is well known that
neither of these gentlemen ever did havea farthing
of beneficial interest in that company. The com-
pany was organized without their uniting with it.
The fact is that-both of them are on the other side
of this question. They were named in the law to
receive subscriptions to the stock; and they were
put there simply because they were territorial offi-
cers, and thus could see whether the law was com-
plied with. Prom that clause, which was a pre-
cautionary measure, and a proper one on the part
of the Legislature to insert the names of the Gov-
ernor and Secretary to see that the law was com-
plied with, the inference is drawn that these two
gentlemen acted corruptly, although they never
became interested-to the amount of a farthing, and
could not even receive pay for the services ren-
dered.
As to the record of the case in the Supreme
Court it is stated that it is very voluminous, and
that in the space of twelve days they actually
made up the pleadings and had the case decided.
What is the record? It is an action of trespass
by the United States, against an agent of the com-
pany for cutting timber. The first paper is the
declaration. The defendants plead the charter
from the Territorial Legislature of Minnesota, the
grant ofland, and aver compliance. The plaintiff
then replies the repealing act of Congress. The
defendants demur. That is the whole record.
Would it taketwelve days to make that up ? What
lawyer would require one day to make up a record
of that kind ? Tne pleadings consist of a printed
charter, a printed act of Congress, and a gen-
eral demurrer. That is all there is in it. What
did the record present to the court' The isolated
fact of whether the United States were owners of
the land or not. If they are the owners, they
have the light to damages; if not, they have no
right to damages at all. It does not decide whether
the Territory owns the land, whether the com-
pany owns it, or who does, except the question
whether the United States have parted with their
title. That record presents all that the United
States have any interest in. Nothing beyond that
aflects us. it may affect the Territory of Min-
nesota, or the two rival companies. Then, sir,
what is the necessity for complaining that they
were only twelve days altogether in making up
such a record and getting a decision upon it? I ^
repeat, no lawyer would want over one day to i!
make it up, and then the court might want a rea- |l
sonable time after the argument to decide upon it. jj
As to your district attorney, I have no defense |j
to make. I do not know him. I believe, from |j
what I have heard, that he is a most excellent, i|
worthy man, of strict integrity, a fine and elegant ;j
scholar, but, perhaps, not a very experienced law- I
yer. That is what I believe of him. I believe he ||
acted sincerely; but this record was made up by j;
his deputy, not by himself. I believe he is not ij
responsible for it; though I believe it was made up Ij
correctly to put in issue all that interested the :
United States. j;
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Warren, the district at- ;
torney who has been mentioned, is a native of j
New York. He is, in regard to scholarly and :i
gentlemanly habits and associations, all that has |i
been said of him by the Senator from Illinois. Cut |
I think the honorable Senator does him injustice j.
m saying that he is a very bad lawyer; and it not 11
only does injustice to him, but it brings some sus- :i
picion upon the Administraiion which appointed fj
him, and of which theSenator from Illinois is one ij
of the great pillars. What I wish, however, to say it
is, that in anticipation of this question, and sup- [I
posing that it might come up, I have preserved for
a long time the correspondence of this district at-
torney in his own vindication, by which I under-
stand that what was done was done in his absence,
and by his deputy, that he was not responsible for
it, and that he even denies the fact charged against
him. I do not wish to raise the issue; but I ask
the consent of honorable Senators that when this
debate shall go out, these remarks may go in jus-
tification of Mr. Warren, for whose honor and
truth I have great respect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no doubt of the cor-
rectness of all the Senator has said of the merits
of Mr. Warren, but that is a matter of no conse-
quence, for whoever made up the record, every
lawyer will say that it presents the issue precisely
in the mode to test the only question in which this
Government has a p&ticle of interest, to wit; have
the United States parted with their title to the land?
That being the case, we have no interest now
beyond that decision which is to be made by the1
Supreme Court. Let Minnesota fight her own
battles in her domestic legislation, as to who shall
make the railroad. Let the rival railroad compa-
nies fight their own battles. Let them not come
here, by their agents, lobbying us, to get us to
become the agents of one company or the other,
to legislate the grant into the hands of one to the
exclusion of the other. Sir, I think we had better
wash our hand3 of it, and let the question drop.
I am sorry to'have detained the Senate so long.
Mr. MASON. TheSenator from Illinois spoke
of there being agents here for these rival railroad
companies, to affect the deliberation and decision
of Congress on this question. If that is known
to him, it is unknown to me. I never heard of
the proposition; I never saw the bill until my
attention was called to it by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is quite necessary,Mr.
President, that we should have a brief Executive
session.
Mr. MASON. Let us vote.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If I can understand it to
be the general assent of the Senate to take the vote
now, of course I will not make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question upon the appeal ?
Mr. PEARCE. I prefer not to have it decided
just at this moment, for I have no hesitation in
saying, after the suggestions which have fallen
from the Senator from Illinois, that it seems to me
if we are to repeal one charter, we ought to repeal
the others to which he has alluded. I am quite
satisfied that there is nothing in the case tojustify
the repeal of one, yet I do not know so well the
history of the other companies as to feel entirely-
justified in proposing, at this time, the repeal of
all the charters. I do not believe, myself, that the
charter proposed to be repealed by the amendment
is worth anything. I doubt very much whether
it has a legal existence, if closely examined into;
and of one thing I am very certain, that the re-
pealing act is entirely valid, and that neither one
company nor the other can ever acquire a title to
any lands, the grant of which was repealed by that
act. I understand the Senator to concur in that.
That being the case, I shall be disposed, under tho
circumstahces, to withdraw my amendment; but I
cannot do so while the appeal is pending.- t prefer,
therefore, to go into Executive session, and after
we come out, I think we can arrange the matter.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business.
FRANCIS E. BADEN MINNESOTA RAILROAD
When the doors were reopened, the President
stated that he would submit the question lo the
Senate whether they would receive Mr. Peakce's
amendment, for the purpose of having a vote
upon it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say that I was re-
quested and authorized by my friend from Mary-
land, who was indisposed, and obliged to leave the
Chamber, to withdraw tilt amendment which he
offered.
