1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Leave was given, and the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. BADGER. I fear that, in the observations
which I made on this question of order, when I
was speaking with a great deal of energy upon the
subject, I used expressions which seemed to be
not exactly courteous toward the gentleman who
occupied the chair. I hope he did not so under-
stand them. If anybody did so, I wish them to
be considered taken back and utterly forgotten.
The bjll was reported, to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL*
Mr. WELLER, from the second committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1856, reported:
That the Senate recede from their seventeenth and twen-
tieth amendments disagreed to by the House, wlueh are us
foilows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the same allow-
ance in respect of rations be hereaftei made to the military
commandant of the Schulykill arsenal in the quartermas-
ter's department as to the commandants of the arsenals m
the ordnance department.
• Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the Governors of
the several States and Territories be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sell to the best advantage, the arms heretofore
distributed under the aet of April 28, 1808. and invest the
funds arising out of such sales m other arms more suitable
for the purposes contemplated by said act: Provided, That
no arms be so purchased or provided, except such as may
be of the same description and eaiiber as those regularly
adopted and in use in the Army of the United States.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
sixth, fouiteenth, and fifteenth amendments of the Senate,'
as follows:
For surveys for military defenses of the sea and inland
frontier, $15,000.
rfnd be it Jarther enactcd, That the provisions of an act
entitled " An aet for the payment of the civil officers em-
ployed in the Territory of New Mexico, while under mili-
tary government," approved July 17,1£>4, he, and the same
are hereby, extend*'*! to embrace the case of Lieutenant
Colonel J. JV1. Wellington, deceased, late ofthe Army,for
and during the penodot his appointment and service as
military Governor ot New Mexico, ex ollicio superintendent
of Indian affairs, and commander of tho troops prior to the
formation of the civil government.
Sec. 4- Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthc sum of$30,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to be expended,
under the direction of the War Department, in the purchase
and importation of.camels and dromedaries to he employed
for military purposes.
That the House agree to the thirteenth amendment o£the
Senate, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the board of offi-
cers appointed under the pixth section of the aet making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June MO, ltv3, approved August 31, 1852, is hereby
authorized and directed, in addition to the powers and
dune* alteady conferred upon it, to extend iH examinations
to claims arising from the destruction of property by the
troops serving under the command of Lieutenant Colonel
John C. ricmont, in C.ilnorui; ,m the yotus lrt'ltfand 1817,
by his ordeis, as well as foi the destruction of property by
the enemy, caused bv the occupancy of the claim ant-*' prem-
ises by the said United State* iroops; that thewmd board is
empowered to summon and examine wmies-es under oath,
and take testimony in California (if necessary) and else-
where; that for the payment ol claims reported favoiably
upon by the board in it-? report to the Secietary of War,
dated 5th December, 1851, Lx. l)oc. 8,33d Cong.,2d .sess.,
including that numbered one hundred and ninety seven,
being the chum of Santiago E. ArguiMo, and amounting 10
$11,584, and for the compensation of the members of aaid
board, for and during the period of service as such, at a rate
not exceeding $3,00!) per annum each, deducting theiefrom
their Army pay, tho sum of $4'),548 be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated > and the Sccieiary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed to pay to the treasure! of
said hoard, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of #10,000 for the contingent expenses
of the said board, including therein office rent and clerk's
hire, stationery, fuel, ttie payment ofthe witness' fees
duly summoned bv* the board, at a rate not e.\ce>dmg those
paid by the United States district court* m California or
elsewhere, as the ca^e may he, the traveling expenses of
said board, not exceeding sixteen cents per mile to each
member, and other incidental expenses—
With an amendment to strike out all after the word
" herebv," where it firM occurs, and add" abolished," and
also the"following: Provided, That it shall be lawful for the
President ofthe United States to appoint,during the recess
of Congress, such of the commi-Moned officers authorized
by this act, below the grade of field officers, as may not bo
appointed during the present session, whose commissions
shall expire on the 1st day of May, 1856.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
andlt was concurred in.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their
Clerk, announcing that they had also agreed to the
report.
* ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolutions, which
had previously received the signature of the
Speaker of the House of Representatives:
A joint resolution for the final adjustment of the
accounts of John D. Colmesnil;
A bill to establish Columbus, in the State of
Mississippi, Chattanooga, in the State of Tennes-
see, and Hickman, in the State of Kentucky, ports
of delivery;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Paul S. Ridgway of Ohio;
A bill extending the provision of the act of
August 4, 1852, entitled "An act to grant the
right of way to ail rail and planls roads, and Mac-
adamized turnpikes passing through the public
lands belonging to the United States, to the public
lands in the Territories of the United States;
A resolution explanatory of an act passed Au-
gust 3, 1854;
A bill for the relief of Ferdinand Clark;
A bill for the relief of Thomas, S. J. Johnson,
of the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas Park,
deceased;
A bill for the"relief of Titian R. Peale;
A bill for the relief of the heirs ©f Lieutenant
Andrew Finley;
A bill for the relief of .Teptha L. Heminger;
A bill making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1856;
A joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan;
and
A joint resolution to pay the pension due James
Capen, to his administrator;
A joint resolution for the relief of James Ilughes;
and
A ioint resolution for the relief of Joel Henry
Dyer.
THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the unanimous thanks of the Senate be,
and the same are hereby, tendered to the Hon. Jesse D.
Bkiuht, for tho veiyable, dignified, and impartial manner
in wnieii he had presided over the deliberations of tho Sen-
ate during the present session, now about to terminate.
DISTRICT INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. DAWSON", from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
House bill to organize an institution for the in-
sane of tho Army $nd Navy, and for the District
of Columbia, in said District, reported it back
without amendment.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate,
Mr. BRODHEAD. How is the superintend-
ent of the institution to be appointed, and by
whom ?
Mr. DAWSON. By the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then it is to be apolitical
office, to be filled every four years, it is all
wrong.
Mr. DAWSON. I know it is wrong; but no
amendment can be made at thi-3 time, and the
institution is needed immediately.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was read the third time, and passed.
"WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. DAWSON. I hold in my hand a bill
which was referred to the committee yesterday,
U? incorporate the Washington National Monu-
ment Society. It was read a first and second
time yesterday. There is no possibility of pass-
ing it, and I am not directed to report it.
The PRESIDENT. It will lie upon the table,
if their be no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the resolution of
the Senate to suspend the 3 7th joint rule of the
two Houses for the present session.
Also, that they fiad passed the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, On reconsideration, that the bill of the House
entitled " An aet making appropriations for the transporta-
tion of tho United States mail, by ocean
wne,' during tho fiscal year ending the 30th of Jane, woo,
and the 30th of June, 1856," returned this day by the Pres-
ident of the United States, do not pass.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BIIX.
Mr. RUSK, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses an the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Poet Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1856, reported:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
House amendment of the third amendment of tire Senate.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
House amendment to the fourth amendment ofthe Senate.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement ana
agree to the House amendment to the sixth Senate amend-
That the Senate recede from their disagreement and agree
to the amendment of the House to the tenth amendnieutof
the Senate. "
That the House recede from its disagreement to the sev-
enth amendment ofthe Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate was to add:
For compensation to William M. P. Magraw, for carrying
the mail on route 8911, from Independence, Missouri, to
the Groat Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, monthly each
way, according to the contract under which said service is
now being performed, the sum of $36,000 per annum, com-
mencing with the contract aforesaid, and in lieu of the com-
pensation therein stipulated.
The amendments of the House to that were to
insert in lien of "contract aforesaid" the words
" 18th of August, 1854, and continuing one year;"
and to add:
Provided, That the Postmaster General, with the assent
ofthe connactora, be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul
said contract.
Also, for compensation to Jacob Hall, for carrying the
mail on route No. 8912, from Independence, Missouri, to
Santa F6, Territory of New Mexico, monthly each way,
according to the contract under which said service is now
being performed, the sum of $22,000 per annum for one
year from the 18th day of August, 1854: Provided, That
the Postmaster General, with the assent of the contractor,
be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul said contract.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was:
For compensation to George H. Giddmgs for carrying the
mail on route 12900, from Santa F6, New Mexico, to San
Antonio, Texas, monthly each way, according to the con-
tract under which said service is being performed, the sum
of ,$33,500 per annum, commencing with the contract afore-
said, and in heu of the compensation therein stipulated.
The amendments of the House to it were to
strike out 4< contract aforesaid" and insert 18th
day of August, 1854, and continuing one year;"
and to add:
Provided, That the Postmaster Genera!, with the assent
of the contractor,"be, and he is herebv, authorized to anna!
said contract.
And that each contractor, engaged or to be engaged in
carrying the mails through any of the Territories'west of
the Mississippi shall have the privilege of occupying sta-
tions at the rate of not more than one for every twenty
miles of tho route on which he carries the mail, and shall
have a preemptive right therein when the same shall be
brought into market, to the extent of six hundred and forty
acres, to be taken contiguously, and to include his improve-
ments; but no such preemptive right shall extend to any
pass in the mountain or other defile.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General he, and lie is hereby, authorized to establish and
put m operation a semi-monthly mail by ^ea, Irom San
Francisco, in the State of California, to 'Olympia, in the
Territory of Washington, touching at Ilumbofdt bay, Trini-
dad, and Crescent City, in the State of California; Port
Orlord, Gardiner City, or Umpqau, and Astoria, in the Tern-
lorv of Washington; Shoal Water bay and Port Town&end,
in the Territory of Washington, and such other points as
shall be designated by the Postmaster General: Provided,
The whole cost of said service shall not exceed the sum of
$120,0C0 per annum.
The amendments of the House to it were, to
insert after " Providedthe words:
That the contract for said service be advertised by the
Postmaster General in pursuance of existing laws, and let
to the lowest bidder: Jlnd provided further, That.
And to add:
Jlnd -provided further, That the Postmaster General may,
it he shall deem it for the public interest, contract for said
Bcrvice wuh ihe lowest bidder, as aforesaid, under adver-
tised ptoposah heretofore made for mail aervicc between
the points aforesaid.
The tenth amendment of the Senate was:
Sec. —, jSlnd be it further enacted, Tha' the First Comp-
tr?!™rr,?f lhe'Freasuiy be instructed to examine the claim
of v\ ilham It. Glover and Thomas W. Mather, and th-eir
associates, and ascertain and allow such arrearage as they
are entitled to, in justice and equity, on account of the
reiusal of the Postmaster General to'carry into effect the
contract entered into between William It. Glovvr and
1 nomas W. Mather and the Postmaster General, m 1853,
for the transportation of the mail on the Mississippi and
