1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1130
Ohio rivers; and that such damages shall be paid to William
R. Glover and Thomas W. Mather and their associates, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment of the House to it, was to add:
Provided, The sum shall not exceed the sum of $200,000.
From their disagreement to these amendments
of the House to their amendments the Senate
recede, and agree to them.
The seventh and eleventh amendments, from
their disagreement to which the House recede,
were:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the right to frank
letters and documents now allowed by law to the Vice
President, be continued to those who have heretofore or
shall hereafter occupy that office, during life.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay Cranston
Laurie, a reasonable compensation for performing the duties
of two defies in the Post Office Department, not to exceed
half pay of a clerk for the time he was so employed.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had agreed to the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore subsequently
signed the enrolled bill of the House making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 185G. The signature of the Speaker of the
House having been previously affixed thereto.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following acts and resolutions:
An act for the relief of Madalena Van Ness,
widow of Cornelius Van Ness, deceased;
An act to appropriate money to remove the ob-
structions in the Savannah river, below the city
of Savannah, in the State of Georgia;
An act for the relief of Franklin Chase;
An act m addition to certain acts granting boun-
ty lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Nancy Weather-
ford, widow of Colonel William Weatherford, of
the first-regiment Illinois volunteers in the Mex-
ican war;
An act to change the boundaries of the land
districts in the State of Iowa, and for other pur-
poses;
A resolution explanatory of ?n act entitled "An
act for the relief of Abigail Stafford," and
A resolution explanatory of an act passed Au-
gust 3, 1854.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
. Mr. DAWSON. There is a bill from the House
of Representatives to authorize the Metropolitan
Railroad Company to come into the city of Wash-
ington, to which there are several amendments
proposed which may consume lime; but, if there
be no objection, ! should like to take it up.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope my friend from
Georgia will not press that. Let us pass some
private bills.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. STUART. I will make the motion that
the bill he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on Ter-
ritories have* instructed me to report back the
House bill to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Kansas, without
amendment, and ask its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, con-
sidered the bill.
It appropriates $25,000 for the continuation and
erection of public buildings for the use of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Kansas, to be expended
under the direction of the Governor of the Terri-
tory; but the money, or any part thereof, or of
any portion of the money heretofore appropriated
for this purpose, is not to be expended until the
Legislature of the Territory shall have fixed by
law the permanent seat of government.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me there is no
necessity for this bill. During the last session of
Congress we appropriated f25,000 for the public
buildings in Kansas. I do not know whether that
has been expended or not. If it has been expended,
this bill is all wrong. If it has not been expended,
there is no necessity for a further appropriation.
The proviso directs that the money heretofore
appropriated shall not be expended unless on a
certath contingency. What did we do at the last
session ? That in the event the Secretary of War
should deem it inconsistent with the interests of
the military service to furnish Fort Leavenworth
for the use of the territorial government of Kan-
sas, the sum of $25,000 should be, and in that
contingency was, appropriated for the erection of
public buildings for the use of the Legislature.
This power was conferred upon the Governor at
the last session, and §25,000 were placed in his
hands for that purpose. I take it for granted, as
he has had ten months, he has exercised the
power. If he has exercised it, how are you to
take the money out of his hands that was appro-
priated at the las^session, as this bill does? Sir,
this requires some consideration. How many
! people are to be accommodated out there with
| these buildings? It is for the permanent seat of
{ the Legislature. Well, how long is it to be perma-
I nent ? I take it for granted that it will come into
; the Union as a State before long. How many are
we to accommodate out there ? We have already
appropriated §25,000". I believe there are eighteen
or nineteen members of the Council, and twenty-
six of the House. Are we to go on and appro-
priate money in this way ? I should like to know
something about this.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. All that it is necessary
to say on this occasion is, that we have prece-
dents in the case of Wisconsin and Iowa. As
Delegate from one of those Territories, I obtained
$90,000 for the construction of the buildings, and
afterwards my successor—my colleague—obtained
§20,000 more, and an additional appropriation of
a section of land for the completion of the public
buildings of Iowa. I do not wish to consume time
in discussing the question. I want Kansas and
Nebraska to be treated exactly like other Terri-
tories which have gone before. They are young
Territories. They stand much more in need of
relief than Wisconsin and Iowa did. The Dele-
gate cannot be heard here; but I ask you to act
justly towards the Territory.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That all may be; but has
the money which we have already appropriated
been expended? If it has, the bill is wrong. If
it has not, what is the effect of the proviso? It
directs that the money heretofore appropriated and
placed in the hands of the Executive shall not be
expended until the Legislature fix the permanent
seat of Government, He may have made a con-
tract. I suppose he has.
Mr. WELLER. Suppose the §25,000 hereto-
fore appropriated lias all been expended, the Sen-
ate must readily perceivc that it will require at
least $50,000 to construct any sort of buildings
there for the accommodation of the territorial gov-
ernment. 1 take it for granted that $50,000 would
be necessary to construct the buildings which are
indispensable for the u<;e of the Territory. In my
judgment, whether the former appropriation has
been expended or not, there is a necessity for the
passage of this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we ought not to
proceed in this manner without some knowledge
on the subject. I do not know whether the money
has been expended or not. I do not know whether
the Governor has made any contract or not. He
has had the power for the last ten months, and
now you propose to take it out of his hands.
Well, sir, how can you reverse what he has al-
ready done in pursuance of law by congressional
action ? It cannot be done.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It could not be done,
in the first instance, because no seat of govern-
ment was established in the original act. The
Governor of the Territory was to convene the
Legislature at such point as he thought proper,
and at their meeting they were to fix the perma-
nent seat of government. This additional appro-
priation is asked for to complete the buildings,
exactly as was done in the case of Wisconsin and
Iowa.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I take it for granted, in
the case of Wisconsin and Iowa, the money first
appropriated was expended. 1 think §25,000 is
enough; at any rate we ought to have an amend-
jj ment adopted,and I offer the following:
ij Provided further, That nothing in this act contained
j< phali be cOEiMrneri to render invalid any contract or con- I
!; tracts made by the saul Governor in puisuanee of existing |
II laws, for such sue, or for the erection of such pubiic j
ll buildings. I
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. " I should have no-objec-
tion to that; but it would require the bill to go back
to the House, and it would necessarily fail.
Mr. WELLER. I think the adoption of that
amendment will operate to defeat the entire bill.
At the present time, therefore, I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is not a good argu-
ment against a proper amendment. If we are
going to do injustice without the amendment,
surely the allegation that it will defeat the bill
; should not prevail. Is therea wonderful and press-
ing necessity for another appropriation of $25,000
before we know whether the first is expended ?
At the next session this can be appropriated, if
it is necessary. I hope, therefore, the amendment
will be agreed to. We conferred the power upon
the Executive at the last session; and now, with-
out any allegations against him, by this bill we'
should reflect upon him. It is not a proper mode
of legislation to confer a power upon the Execu-
tive one session, place the'money in his hands,
direct him to proceed to execute thelaw, and then,
without inquiring whether he has executed it or
not, take it from him. Sir, it is improper; and I
hope it will not be persisted in.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hold in my hand a
bill which has passed the House of Represent-
atives, making an appropriation of §50.000 for
Nebraska Territory. This additional §25,000 for
Kansas puts the two Territories on the same foot-
ing.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeasandnays,
and they were ordered. ,
Mr. JOHNSON. Governor Reeder has asked
for the appropriation, and it has always been usual
for the Legislature to have the selection of the site.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The proviso should be
struck out.
Mr. WELLER. The bill simoly provides for
an additional appropriation of $25,'000 to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Governor, and
not until the Legislature shall have permanently
fixed the seat of government, just as the otherap-
propriation was. The whole effect of itis to make
the amount §50,000. The effect of the amend-
ment is inevitably to defeat the bill; and I hope it
will be voted down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As my friend from Cal-
ifornia has several time3 informed the Senate that
the amendment will defeat the bill, I hope I may
be permitted to restate my objections to it. He,
as far as he proceeded, stated it correctly, but all
of its provisions were not stated. It is true, it
appropriates §25,000 in addition to what has here-
tofore been appropriated. Twenty five thousand
dollars was appropriated last session. Who
knows whether it has been expended or not? Then
follows the proviso that no part of the appropria-
tion heretofore made shall be expended until the
Territorial Legislature does so and so. The Legis-
lature may legislate not for the future, but for the
present. If these are to be permanent, and it is
our money, why not jet our Executive officer con-
tinue in the discharge of the duties imposed on
him at the last session ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted'—yeas 10, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—We^rs. Braioerd, Brodhead, Cooper, Dawson,
Fool, Gillette, Jones of Tennessee, Seward, Sumner, and
Walker—10.
NAYS- Messrs. Adam?.Bell, Beiiiannn, Bright, Brown,
Clayton, Douglas, Gwm, Houston, Humer, .Tamfs, John-
son, Jones of Lo'.va, Maliorv. Mason, .Morton, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Sluarr, Thompson ui'Kentucky, Toombs, Weiler,
and Well?—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Committee on Territories. As I understand it,
the appropriation of last year was not limited as
to the time of expenditure as this is. The proviso
in this bill limits both the law of last year and this
one, without any statement of what the Governor
may have done under the appropriation of last
year. So far as that is concern?d, the information
ought to be before the Senate. I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
that the^ appropriation of last year contained no
such limitation.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will read the provision
of the law of last year. Itis:
"That in the event the Secietary of War shall deem It
inconsistent with the interest of the military service to fur-
nish a sufficient pot tion of the military buildings at Fort
Leavenworth for the use of the tcrfitonal government of
