1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Kansas, the sura of $25,000 shall be, and in that contin-
gency hereby i*, appropriated for the erection of public
building4' for the use of the Legislature of ihe Territory of
Kansas to be expended under the direction of the Gov-
ernor ot said Territory."
The Governor of the Territory communicated
with the Secretary of War on the subject, afid the
Secretary informed him officially that no portion
of the buildings at that reservation could be used
for the purpose. Hence it was that the section
which I have just read was passed. It was
passed, as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] well knows, in consequence of the refusal of
the Secretary of War to permit those buildings to
be used. In the original Kansas act we provided
that the Territorial Legislature should hofd its ses-
sions in the Fort Leavenworth property. • The
Secretary of War informed us that he could not I
spare it for the purpose, and thereupon, in the j
military appropriation bill, an appropriation was ;
made in the language which I have read. This i
waa eight months ago.,. The power was then con- |
ferred upon the Governor. I
Mr. STUART. I submit, that being the case, j
that the proviso of this bill which locks up the j
appropriation of last year, without knowing what ]
contracts may have been entered into under it, is j
improper. ;
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move further to amend j
the bill in the following clause: j
<{ Provided, Said money, or any part thereof, or any sum !
heretofore appropriated ior this purpose, shall not be ex- 1
pended until the Legislature of the said Territory shall j
have fixed by law the permanentseat of government"— j
by striking out the words " or any sum hereto- j
fore appropriated for this purpose." j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will j
not agree to the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it, because I know that the provision as it
stands is wrong.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I only desire to say,
that theadoption of this amendment will defeat the
bill; because, if it be amended, it cannot be passed
through the House of Representatives. The result
of the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will be to give to the Governor of Kansas,
instead of to the Legislature, the power of fixing
the seat of government.
Mr. BROD{~IEAD. I beg leave to correct that*
statement. If my amendment be adopted, the
words u provided said money, or any part thereof,
shall not be expended until the Territorial Legis-
lature of said Territory shall fix by law the per-
manent seat of government," will remain m the
bill.
The question being taken on the amendment by
'yeas Wnd nays, resulted—yeas 9, nays 25; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Iirainerd, Brodhead, Chase, Foot, Gil-
lette, Seward, Stuart, Wade, and Walker—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Benjamin. Bright, Brown, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Dawson, Donglcn, Gvvm, James,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mailory,
Mason, Morton, Pearco, Itu<k, Sebastian, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Welier, and
Wells—'io.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEBRASKA-
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate, as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill from the House of Representa-
tives to provide for the erection of public buildings
in the Territory of Nebraska. It proposes to ap-
propriate $50,000 for that purpose, to be expended
under the direction of the Governor of the Terri-
tory, but no part of the money is to be expended
until the Territorial Legislature shall have fixed by
law the permanent seat of government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS C. RAMSEY AND OTHERS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Senate
to take up the House bill for the relief of Thomas !
C. Ramsey, Ananias O. Richardson, and James !
McLaughlin.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I perceive there is an ad-
verse report in that case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to have
the bill taken up and then I will state the adverse
report. 1 am sure the Senator from Louisiana
will go with me in favor of the bill when he un-
derstands it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, at this hour of
the night, we ought to pass only such bills as are
not objected to. ^
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded toconsider the
bill. Its object is to increase the pensions now
received by Thomas C. Ramsey and Ananias O.
Richardson, of Tennessee, and James McLaugh-
lin, of Virginia, to sixteen dollars instead of eight
dollars a month. The increase to commence from
the 19th of December, 1854.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee* I am aware that
the report of the Senate Committee on Pensions,
in this case, is adverse, and the indorsement upon
the papers will show, as the chairman of the com-
mittee will remember, that the committee made
an adverse report simply on the ground that there
■was no precedent for the bill. I will state the
facts.
Ramsey and Richardson, of Tennessee, were
in the battle of Monterey. Both of them were
young men, and each lost an arm in the engage-
ment. McLaughlin, of Virginia, lost his arm in j
some other.battle in Mexico. The simple ques- ;
tion is, whether you shall increase their pensions j
from eight to sixteen dollars a month ? Whether j
there be precedent for it or not, I neither know nor ]
care. What I do know is, that these gallant ]
young men, m serving their country nvthe prime
of life, in the vigor of youth, with bright pros-
pects before them, were maimed, and were each
reduced to a solitary arm. The very ball which
carried off the arm of both these young men car-
ried with it the lives of four other Tennesseans,
as you, sir,,know, [addressing Mr. Whitfield, ■
Delegate from Kansas, who was sitting by the ;
side of the honorable Senator.] Nov/, Mr. Pres- ;
ident, the question is, will the American Senate, ;
because there is no precedent, refuse to give men,
for such services, a pension of sixteen instead of j
eight dollars a month? If there is no precedent, J
I want to make one. I hope the Senate will pass \
the bill. It was passed by the House unanimously. \
There never was so just a case presented. !
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
& third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE W. M'CERREN.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I -have tried for fifty times
to get up a little resolution of the House for the
relief of a constituent of mine. It is a joint resolu-
tion, which has been reported back favorably by
the Committee on Military Affairs, for the relief
of George W. McCerren, and I move that it be
now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the joint resolution.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of War to
adjudicate, settle, and pay the claim of George W.
McCerren, for such bread, beans, and pork, or
bacon, in barrels, as were taken out of his posses-
sion in 1847, by order of the commanding officer
of the United States Army in command at Brazos
Santiago, and used in the construction of Fort
Harney.
In the early part of 1347, the petitioner was the
owner of several hundred barrels of hard bread, a
lot of pork, in barrels, and a few barrels of beans.
These articles had been previously purchased by
him at a public sale made by the proper officers of
the Government,they being sold as damaged. The
petitioner seems to have been engaged m the busi-
ness of purchasing such provisions as were con-
sidered unfit for the use of the Aimy, and trans-
porting them to New Orleans. About this time a
report reached Brazos Santiago that the Mexicans,
in great force, were crossing the Rio Grande at
Matamoras, which caused the officer in command
at the former place to order the construction of
fortifications for the defense of the post. Under
this order these provisions were used in the con-
struction of Fort Harney, and wholly lost to the
memorialist, without any fault of his own.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
STEPHEN LUTZ.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Stephen
Lutz;, of New York, have directed me to rfporfc it
back without amendment. It is simply to refund
to him $500 which he paid to the Government for
goods sold by it under a misapprehension. 1 ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Lutz $500, with interest at the rate
of six per centum per annum, from the 10th of
March, 1851, being the amount paid by him for
thirty-one cases containing machinery and appa-
ratus for ths light or lantern of a light-house im-
ported into New York for the United States, and
there, by mistake, sold at public sale to Lutz, the
highest bidder. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CLAIMS CONVENTION WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. WELLS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish to
the Senate the report of the eonirnisMOJiers for the adjust-
ment of clairnHmindcr the convention of February 8, 1853,
between the United States and Great Britain, with the de-
ciMons of the commissioners and umpire, and the argu-
ments of the agents a-s reported by them ; and that ihe usual
number of copies of the same be printed for the use of the
Senate, undci the direction of the Department of State, to
be properly bound, edited, and indexed.
JOSEPH M'CORMACK.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill of the House of Representatives
granting a pension to Joseph McCormack. The
amount of the proposed pension is four dollars a
month, to commence January 1, 1854.
In the war of 3812, McCorrnack served two •
tours—one to Norfolk as a drafted soldier, and
the other to Baltimore as a substitute. In the
Mexican war, although he had attained a very
advanced age, he was prominent in his efforts to
raise the company which was formed in Berkeley
county, Virginia. He went with the company
to Richmond, and was rejected by the inspector
general, for the reason that his teeth were too
defective to enable him to bite off the end of a
cartridge. Anxious as he was to engage for the
second time in the servjee of his country, and
mortified by his rejection, he refused to remain
behind, but persisted in going to the war on his
own responsibility. His determined purpose ex-
cited the sympathy of the officers, and he was
permitted to go along with the Berkeley company,
which his efforts had contributed so much to raise.
He remained in Mexico during the time that the
company remained, supporting himself by honest
toil*, and although the Virginia regiment had no
opportunity of engaging m action on.the field of
battle, McCormack always was ready to enter
into action when the regiment with which he had
gone to the seat of war should be called upon to
do so.
He was injured by a fall in landing from the
vessel at Brazos Santiago, in which the troops
were transported, and his health was entirely
destroyed by the relaxing influence of the Mex-
ican climate upon his aged system. He is now a
very old man, in a state of disability,"incurred in
the service of his country, unable to earn his
daily bread, and is living upon the charity of a
few patriotic citizens, who do not desire to see the
old soldier consigned to the common asylum of
the poor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA LAND SCRIP.
Mr. MASON. I now ask that the bill from the
House of Representatives to amend the act of
August, 1852, in relation to military bounty land
warrants may be taken up.
Mr, STUART. I make the pointof orderthat
at this time, on this day of the month, we cannot
take up that bill.
Mr. MASON. Why ?
Mr. STUART. Because we hive passed
twelve o'clock, midnight.
M. WELLE-R. That clock is wrong.
Mr. STUART. That excuse will not do. If
