1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
the motion is insisted upon, I will make the point
of order. 1 am satisfied that this bill ought not
to pass, and I cannot consent that it shall. I there-
fore deem it my duty to submit the point of order
that the time having expired, in fact, at which this
Congress has any authority, nothing can be con-
sidered. 1 make the point on this bill, that it is
not in order to move to take it up now. I should
not make the point of order on any other bill if
we were to sit here until next Tuesday.
Mr. MASON. I thank the Senator for making
that point. It is indicative of the character of the
opposition to this bill. Here we have sat legislat-
ing without opposition from anybody, and none
from that Senator; but when a proposition is made
to bring up this bill, to comply with the obliga-
tions of the State of Virginia during the Revolu-
tion, to grant her own lands, at the instigation of
the Continental Congress, in order to work out
our Revolution, a Senator from one of those States
where the lands are, makes the objection that we
cannot legislate after twelve o'clock on the night
of the 3d of March. I thank the Senator for
making the objection. It is indicative of the char-
acter of his opposition to this bill. . I have nothing
more to say. Let the Senator make his point of
order.
Mr. STUART. The pertinacity with which
this bill is persevered in is indicative of the out-
rage sought to be perpetrated upon the "public
lands of the United States, and upon the land
. States. I undertake to say further, that, apply
the same bill to Missouri, to Iowa, to Illinois, and
there is not a Representative here from Virginia
who would vote for it.
Mr. MASON. Then the Senator does not
know the Senators from Virginia.
Mr. STUART. I undertake to say that there
is not in the bill, from the beginning to the end-
ing, a principle that is not violative of the rights
of the old States and of the new. Now, sir, when
the Senator tells me that I stand here to oppose a
bill from mere pertinacity, I tell him, no matter1
what State he represents, that he is mistaken. I
consider myself as much bound to oppose thissbill
with every power that belongs to me, mentally
and physically, as if it were a proposition to exe-
cute the Senator from Virginia without a trial.
Mr. MASON. That day may come, sir.
Mr. STUART. That is my conviction of my
duty. Now, sir, some time ago, (and since gen-
tlemen will go into the history of this transaction,
I will say, I do not think under very proper cir-
cumstances,) the Senator's colleague [Mr. Hun-
ter] had this bill taken up to the exclusion of all
the business of the morning hour. We discussed
it at full length. I rose and stated my opposition
to the bill, and that it could not be yielded; and,
as a test question, I moved to lay it on the table,
and it was done. The Senator [Mr. M*ason]
came in here to-night, and moved to take up this
bill. I simply asked for the yeas and nays, and
upon the yeas and nays the Senate refused to take
it up; and yet it comes here again. Every oppor-
tunity that can be got, a motion is made to take
up.the bill. I do not think, under these circum-
stances, it becomes a Senator to taunt me with
the character of my opposition to this bill. Sir,
I have been led to believe that every Senator on
this floor was the equal, constitutionally, of every
other Senator.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. STUART. Certainly, with great pleasure.
Mr. MASON. I have said nothing in the
world about the Senator; I mean to say nothing
about him; I respect him; he ought to know that
I mean to say nothing of him: but I mean to assail
the rapacity of the States where these public lands
are situated—nothing more.
Mr. STUART. Then, Mr/President, the
Senator and myself will come to the best under-
standing in the world, for 1 mean to assail, from
this time forth, as long as this Congress sits, the
rapacity of Virginia,, in undertaking to get lands
to which she has no right or title.
Mr. MASON. Do so.
Mr. STUART. Sir, I say again, this bill is
in itself violative of the plainest principles of a
law which was drawn up by the Senator's col-
league, a law placed upon your statute-book in
1852, which is as liberal in its terms as that Sen-
ator asked for when he drew it. That law was
penned by the Senator's colleague, and he knows,
! sir, that I mean to say nothing against either him
; or his colleague, for 1 respect them both for their
talents and ability. That law, penned by his col-
league, expressly says that the testimony in these
cases shall be revised by the Commissioner of the
' General Land Office, and the scrip shall be issued,
, provided, in his opinion, the warrant was issued
't according to the laws of Virginia. That law was
I penned, it will be recollected, more than seventy
years after the service was rendered, when, upon
all questions except those concerning the Govern-
. ment, the statute of limitation would have applied
( more than three times, when the testimony must
. necessarily have been of the most doubtful and
i equivocal character. A Senator fromVirginia,after
! that lapse of time, hod leave to pen his own law in
i hisown words. It has been literally complied with,
| and there has not been a case rejected under it that
would not be rejected by any honorable Senator
1 in this body, who was acting impartially and with-
; out feeling. Still, sir, it is said that by making a
1 point of order which I would not have made upon
i any other question—to which I have been forced
j by the manner in which this bill has been pressed
upon the Senate again and again, after the Senate
have expressed their sense against it—for making
, the point of order which is to save the remaining
, business of the country 
Mr. SEWARD. Let me nsk the honorable
! Senator whether this is a House bill.
' Mr. STUART. Certainly; and if I go into the
| discussion of it I intend to show how it passed
| the House; I intend to trace the manner in which
' it got through the House and came here, and show
what its peregiinations have been since it got
| here, for 1 have been obliged to lookatit through-
1 out. I was saying, sir, that for making the point
; of order now, to save the business of the country
which is pending between the two Houses, to
save my own strength upon the occasion, I am
charged with rapacity.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to ask the Senator
why does he not make the point of order as to all
business pending before us ? Why does he limit
it to this bill >
Mr. STUART. I will tell the Senator very
freely. I know of no other bill now pending, I
have not seen any, which I consider wrong in
itself. I have heard of a proposition to take up
none such. This I consider radically and totally
wrong.
Mr. MASON. It is not a question whether the
bill is wrong, but our right to legislate at all, be-
! cause it is after twelve o'clock, is called in ques-
tion by the Senator's point of order,
i Mr. ADAMS, t ask my friend from Mich-
| igan, if his question of order is sustained in relation
I to legislative action on this subject, will it not
J exclude us from all legislative action upon all other
1 subjects from this time out?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
! Mr. STUART. Not at all, sir.
J Mr. ADAMS. I should like to know the rea-
! son.
j Mr. STUART. I take it that as long as the
| Senate sits here and nobody makes the jjoint of
| order on a question, you will act, and it is all as
j of yesterday, even if you were to sit here a week.
I That is the mode of making^up the Journal. That
! is the mode in which your business appears.
' There is no second day until there is an adjourn-
\ ment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will request
the Senator from Michigan to suspend. The Chair
has no difficulty in reference to the point of order.
It has been the uniform practice of both Houses
of Congress to sit until twelve o'clock of the 4th
of March. The Chair will feel it to be his duty
to sit here and entertain all legitimate motions
until twelve o'clock to-morrow, if it shall be so
long thepleasure of the Senate to sit. This debate,
however, is out of order. The Chair has just been
informed that the bill is now upon the table. The
Chair was under the impression that the bill was
on the files, but he understands that it has been
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON. I moved to take it from the
table. .
The PRESIDENT. That question is not de-
batable.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Bright, Butier,
Cooper, Dawson, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Morton. Pearce,
Pettit, Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, 'foucey,
Weller, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Benjamin, Brainerd, Brodhead,
Brown, Chase, Foot, Gillette, James, .Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Sebastian, Seward, Slide!!, Stuart, Sumner, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Wade, Walker, and Wright—20.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill.
LYON AND HOWARD.
Mr. COOPER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of L. R. Lyon and Dean
S. Howard, of the State of New York.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill. Its object is to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be paid to
Lyon and Howard, or their legal representatives,
$8,617 81 in full for balance due them for con-
structing a dredging machine at Whitehall, New
.York, under a contract entered into the 2d of
November, 1836, and a dredging machine to be
delivered, at Monroe, Michigan, by contract en-
tered into October 15, 1836.
Mr. TOOMBS. This billoughtnotto be passed.
When a member of the House of Representatives,
j I had occasion to look into it, and 1 came to the
j conclusion, on investigation, that not one dollar
I was due to these people. They have received
1 $40,000 or §50,000 under contracts for dredging
I machines from the Government. 1 have a large
| bundle of papers in connection with this case, but
j I do not desire to read them. I do not think these
) contested matters which have been pending for
| years, and have been condemned time after time,
| should be taken up and passed at this hour. I am
j prepared to show, if I had time to do so, the utter
j baselessness of the claim. The present Secretary
| of the Interior, [Hon. R. McClelland,] when a
j member of the other House, made a report in
i which he showed that these people had been ac-
I tually paid, and their receipt was produced, but
| the parties then came forward and said they gave
i the receipt under duress. From ray investigation
I came to the conclusion that they had received
ten times as much as they were entitled to. I
move that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As I reported the bill I
trust the Senator will allow me to say a word.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no doubt my friend
j from Georgia states the truth when he says the
parties gave a receipt, but that transaction is ex-
cluded from this bill, and of that money they will
not get one dollar.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill came before the
committee of which I am a member. In the House
of Representatives a favorable report was made
ottit by Mr. Ready, of Tennessee. The Senate
Committee on Claims examined it, and thought
it perfectly right. It is true the parties gave a re-
ceipt, and we considered that receipt conclusive
! against them notwithstanding they allege it was
I obtained under duress. This bill excludes every-
thing covered by that receipt, and if the Senator
will read the report he will find it to be so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not only read the report,
but I looked through the case myself six or eight
years ago, and I think 1 could satisfy the Senator
or any fair man who would hear me for ten min-
utes, from the papers in the case, that there is not
one cent due these men. "Prom the report, which
I have read carefully, it appears that they have
already received §40,000 or §50,000 for a miserable
concern of a dredging machine not worth one
groat. Gentlemen who knew the working of it,
the present Secretary of the Interior, and others,
said it was not worth a cent. I must insist on the
motion to lay the bill on the table as a test ques-
tion.
I Mr. COOPER. As I made the motion to take
: up the bill, and have said nothing upon it, I trust
i the Senator from Georgia will withdraw the mo-
! tion to allow me to say a word.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the motion with
| that view.
Mr. COOPER. I am not going to enter at
I length into this discussion; I merely desire to say
| two or three words. This bill has been before
i Congress on several occasions. During the Twen-
j ty-Ninth Congress it was reported upon favorably.
1 A favorable report was also made in the Thirtieth
