1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Congress. After that, it was submitted to Colonel
Totten, the chief engineer, and he was required to
make a report in relation to it. He did so, and
upon his report the committee have based theirs.
1 know nothing personally about the facts, but it
appears to me that if they be as set forth in the
report of the House committee, the claim is a just
one. 1 ask that the report be read, and I shall not
Bay a word more, because I do not desire to con-
tinue the discussion.
The Secretary read as follows;
The Committee of Claims, to whom were referred the
petitions and accompanying documents of Messrs. Lyon &
JHoward, respectfully report:
That there are three several and distinct claims preferred
by the petitioners.
The lirst is for compensation for constructing a dredge in
November, 183G, to be delivered at Whitehall* in the *3tate
of New York. This claim was favorably reported on by
the Committee of Claims in two successive Congresses, to
wit, the Twcnty-Ninttiand Thirtieth, to which your com-
mittee refer, and best leave to adopt the first mentioned
jeport. It appears, therefore, that the petitioners arc enti-
tled to $6,994 31, for a balance unpaid them on said dredg-
ing machine; and the paj'inent of which yuur committee
now recommend,
*The next claim is in consequence of the construction by
the petitioners, tor the United tftates Government, in 183.3
and 1836, of four steam-dredging machines for the Hudson
river, m the Plate ofNe^v Voik. Whatever may have been
the original rights, legal and equitable, of the petitioner^ in
this cast:, your committee 11 nd that on the 13d of April, l£37,
• they settled with the proper officer of the Government, re
ceived and receipted in full, for the sum of ,<5,9:20, iound
to be then due them.
The statement of said account and leceipt is as follows :
The United States, To Lyon &. Howard, Dr.
Services oj the Improvement'of the Navigation of the Hudson
river, New York.
September 17, 1836: For four steam-dredging machines,
complete, as per Contract dated the S9th day of May,
1833, at &6.350 each S2J,0UU
Match 26,183?: For additional improvements made
to the same, and recommended for payment by
the chief engineer, in a communication addre^ed
to the Socretaiy of War ad in'ernn, under date of
the 7tli of Fcbruaiy, 1^37, and Mib-cquently ap-
proved by the lion*. J. K. Pompeii, Seeretaiy of
War, and directed to be paid by tlx- engineer de-
partment, tinder date of the 5£5th of March, 1K37,
at the rate oi $87 per ion for 90 tons of sand i.aised
per hour, being the e\ce & of work done ovi r that
estimated to be required by Hie terms of the con-
tract, lor the pertornunce of each machine; 90
tons ys 4 = 360 tons, at £87 per ton, being a full and
final payment of the above account  31,320
$o6,320
Cu.
By amount received for four dredging machines, as
per contract, as credited in voucher No. 145 of
abstiaet B, disbursements by the Bank of Tioy in
the 4th quartei oflftoO $25,000
Hy ea-h received, as per said voucher* 18,400
By ca^i roeeivecl, as per voucher No. 210 of
abstract C, Jbt quaiter  7,000
50,400 ■
§5,920 !
Received at Troy, this 3d day day of April, 1-837, from the
Bank of Troy, the Mini of live thou<apd rune hundred and
twenty dollars   cents, in lull p.iyment ot the above
account. LVO.V &. HOWARD.
A true copy of the original on file in the office of the
Third Auditor. PETER IIAGNEIt, Jiudtior.
January 13, 1843.
Your committee are unable to perceive any reason for
disregarding said settlement, and again opening the ac-
count. jt appears to have been fairly, understanding,
and freely made by the paities; and without the interven-
tion of fraud, accident, misiake, or restraint, your commit-
tee cannot sanction a violation of long-es-tabhbhed and wise
rules. They, therefore, disallow tins claim.
The third claim is founded on a contiact entered into i
with an agent of the Government of the United States, on \
the 15th of October, 1836, &r the construction of a dredging |
machine of certain dimensions, capable of raising one hun- '
dred and fifty tons of sand, or one hundred tons of clay, as <
equivalent thereto, in an hour, for the price of ^15,500. The j
contract piovided " if said machine, on a lair trial of from !
one to four hours, in water not exceeding mx feet deep, in
dredging not exceeding twelve feet deep, shall raise more
than oms hundred and fifty tons of sand per hour, eighty-five
dollars for each additional ton shall be, added to the above
price, and in the same proportion for clay; that is, for clay, ,
as two to three; but if, on such rial it shall be ascertained,\
that said machine will not rai.-'e one hundred and fifty tons i,
of sand per hour, or one hundred tons ofciay,that adeduc- \ \
tion from the price above specified shall be made of §100 jj
per ton /or sand, and m the same proportion for clay; that j!
is, for clay as two to three. 11
The machine, on a test, excavated one hundred and sev- j I
enty-six and two fifths tons m an hour, and was thereupon ,!
received by the Government. But a controversy arose as !;
to the true construction of the foregoing clause of the con-
tract and the character of this excavation. If the material
oxeavated was clay, then the machine exceeded the capa-
city contracted for by seventy-six and two filths tons; if it
"was sand, then the excess was only twenty six and two
fifths toi.s.
The subject was referred fo Colonel Totten, chief of en-
gineers. He made an estimate upon the basis that one half
of the excess was elay, and the other half sand, which the
committee believe was correct from the proof; and upon
that bapis it appeared the Government was still indebted to
the petitioner, for this machine, $1,023 50. This sum the
committee believe correct. The Committee on Claims in
the Thirtieth Congress adopted it as correct; to whose
report, and the testimony therewith filed, reference is here
made.
This sum, added to the balance of $6,99-1 31, due peti-
tioners on the Whitehall machine, makes the aggregate of
$8,617 81, to which the committee believe they are entitled
from the Government, and for which sum tlley report a bill
and rocommend its passage.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now renew the motion that
the bill lie on the table.
Mr. -ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Benjamin,
Bright, Drown, Chase, Dawson, Foot. Gillette, Johnson,
Morton, Htuart, Sumner, Toombs, and Wright—16.
NAYrf—Messrs. llramerd, Biodhead, Clayton, Cooper,
Douclas, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, Pearce, Petut, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Thompson
of Kentucky, Wade, Walker, and Woller—iS.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to lie on
the table. It was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on Monday, the 26th of February:
Resolved, That there be paid to each ol the pases in the
service of the ^enatejout of the contingent fund, the usual
exira compensation beretofoie allowed thcia by resolution
of the Senate at the end of the session.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by sti iking out ail after the word " resolved,"
and inserting:
That there be paid out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate ro each of the pages in the service of the Senate, and
the. laborers employed m the public grounds, the usual com-
pensation allowed them at the close of the session, afier
deducting thereirom the sum they may have received under
the joint resolution approved.July :20, Ib34.
Mr. MASON. I am very sorry to find that
this resolution hus been offered. At the laut ses-
sion I thought we definitively settled the pay of the
officers of the Senate, and i am sorry to find that
yueh a provision ns this is introduced.
Mr. MORTON. I regret very much that my
friend from Virginia did not withhold the expres-
sion of his sorrow at the presentation of this res-
olution until he heard an explanation of it. I was
well aware that something of the kind was offered
last year and within a few days since, which was
obnoxious to the proviso of the joint resolution of
the 20th of July, 1854. That joint resolution pre-
scribes the pay which the employees of the Senate
and House of Representatives should receive. It
made an addition to their former salanesof twenty
per cent., and provided that those receiving the
twenty per cent, should not be entitled to the usual
extra allowance which had been previously voted
to the employees of the two Houses. The same
joint resolution, which is equally obligatory upon
both branches of Congress, provides that the em-
ployees of the House should not receive a less
compensation than tho?e of the Senate of the same
class. The object was to put the employees of
both Houses on a perfect equality. 1 find to-day
that the House of Representatives have passed
this resolution, (and if that is not obnoxious to
the joint resolution of July'20,1854, the one which
I have submitted certainly is not:)
Resolved, That the UMjal extra compensation be paid to
the pugeb, folders, and such other employees who have
heretofore received the same,mcludmjrthc watchmen, etc.,
who have not recctved the &arne, and who have not and
shall not hereafter receive the benefits of thejomt resolu-
tion of 20th Juty, 1851.
It was the intention of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the passage of this resolution, to
give their employees and pages $200 extra com-
pensation, provided they did not receive the
twenty per centum allowed under the joint resolu-
tion of July 20, 1854. The substitute which I
have offered for the resolution before the Senate
excludes our pages and other employees from re-
ceiving this extra allowance, if they received in
full the twenty per centum extra. I understand
that some of them received the twenty per centum
extra for the first month of the session, but not
since that time. My substitute provides that
what they have received under that joint resolu-
tion shall be deducted from this allowance. The
object is to place them on an equality with the
pages and other employees of the House of Rep-
resentatives. , . .
It was certainly the intention of the joint resolu-
tion of July 20, 1854, to place the officers of both
Houses on a perfect equality. It provides that
those of the House of Representatives should not
jeceiveless compensation than those of the Senate
of the same class. If it had said that the em-
ployees of one House should not receive less com-
pensation than those of the other, the simple effect
of its passage would, in my humble estimation,
give the employees of the Senate the full amount
which those of the House receive under the res-
olution passed this day by the House of Repre-
sentatives. My only object is to carry out the
spirit, if not the letter, of the joint resolution of
July 20, 1854, and to place the employees of the
Senate upon the eame footing as to compensation
with those of the House.
Mr. MASON. I had hoped that we settled at
the last session the question of the payment of the
officers of the Senate. We gave them permanent
offices, and we gave them liberal salaries. Now,
sir, if this proposition is to come upon us session
after session, i shall change my opinion of those
who constitute the officers of the Senate. I object
to the consideration of the resolution, and I sup-
pose that will stop it for the present.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to draw attention to
the joint resolution of July 20, 1854. It is not
obligatory on the pages under that resolution to
receive the twenty per cent. It is not a fixed law
which prevents any extra allowance in future, for
it is in these words:
" Jlnd provided further, That the usual extra compensa-
tion shall not hereafter be allowed to any person who re-
ceives the benefit of thisjeintresolution."
But whoever does not receive the l^enefit of the
joint resolution is entitled to the extra compensa-
tion, if the two Houses think proper to vote it.
The pages of our House have not received the full
benefit of the joint resolution,
Mr. MASON. I undeistand the resolution of
the Senator from Florida cannot be considered if
there be one objection.
j\lr. BADGER. The resolution was offered
some days ago.
The PRESIDENT, The resolution hss been
lying on the table for some days. An objection
now cannot prevent its consideration. Jt is before
the Senate, and the question is on the substitute
of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. WELLER. We only propose to put the
pages of the Senate on an equal footing with the
pages of the House of Representatives, it is.a
small allowance.
Mr. MASON. In the Senate, which is, compar-
atively, a small body, we have, fortunately, and I
hope we may always retain, a sort of family rela-
tion, and kindness, and good feeling, not to our-
selves alone, but to all connected with us; and we
are apt to generate into favoritism and nepotism.
That is my fear. Now, sir, we have given, from
time to time, extra compensation to the boys who
are here as pages. At the last session we made
them a liberal and adequate compensation, and I
had hoped we cut off forever this scheme of giving
them an extra compensation at the end of the ses-
sion. If it is to be persevered in, I, for one, shall -
be obliged to ask the Senate, at a future day, to
revise the compensation of the officers of the Sen-
ate, It is a gratuity; it is a benevolence; it ought
not to be indulged in. It is liable, I am afraid
strongly liable, to improper indulgence of personal
feeling towards these officers. I hope the resolu-
tion will not be passed.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, I am sorry to hear
the Senator from Virginia make an onslaught on
the officers of the Senate. They have nothing to
do with this matter. It is merely to pay the pages,
the boys in the Senate Chamber. 1 do not think
the officers of the Senate have anything to do with
it at all. I hope we shall give the bovs the same
compensation which those of the other House get.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
am as much inclined to favor these children as-
anybody else; but I confess that I have many
difficulties about supporting this resolution. 1
know it is just in accordance with the liberal heart
of my friend from Florida who has offered it. I
remember that at the close of the last session of
Congress, when there were but six or seven Sen-
ators on this floor, he came here with a proposi-
tion to do the same act of kindness to these tittle
