1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ity by botk Houses, and tended greatly to promote
the passage of the joint resolution itself.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 desire to say to the Senator
from Arkansas that the law which he has read
will not apply to the employees of the Senate this
winter, for in but very few, if any, cases, are the
pages of last year the pages this; I say further,
sir, that whenever a question comes up involving
the payment or furnishing of money to boys
situated as most of these are, who are endeavor-
ing to sustain widowed mothers, and orphan
brothers and sisters, there is no limit to the extent
to which I would go. I have made it my busi-
ness in life to study more than one code of laws.
•I have studied, I believe, thoroughly and effect-
ually, the civil polity of the Jews in early times;
and, sir, while there are to be found in the sacred
Scriptures about three hundred offenses for which
the severest penalties are denounced, and while
there are for all those, except one, provisions as
to the persons by whom and the manner in which
they shall be punished, there is one which is
reserved to the Almighty to punish. He expli-
citly says, after providing that the judges, the
community, the assembly,should punish this,that,
and the other offense, that " he who wrongs the
widow and the fatherless, toward him my wrath
shall wax hot; I will annihilate him from the
face of the earth; I will make his wife a widow,
and his children orphans." It is a severe denun-
ciation, and whenever and wherever, in public or
in private life, I can give my vote to benefit the
widow and the orphan, I will be found doing it.
Mr. MASON. ■ The test quoted by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana is a very striking and
a very impressive one; but we have here some
eight or nine boys who are alleged to be the sons
of widows, and 1 presume are so,and he proposes
to take out of the public Treasury a gratuity to
those eight or nine at the expense of all in his
community, and in mme, and in all the rest of the
States. We are administering a trust. The
widows and those who have a dependence only
upon their own small resources, all contribute to
the public Treasury, and he proposes to take their
mite from thousands and give it to eight or nine.
I think that is an answer to his quotation.
I haveolFered the amendment which I have sub-
mitted, so that if the resolution is adopted, it may
be adopted, if it be the pleasure of the Senate to
take it, with a warning of what the consequence
will be of this plan of giving gratuities at the end
of the session.
Mr. JAMES. I shall not now move to strike
out the provision for the extra compensation of the
laborers on the public grounds. I shall allow it
to pass for this time in the hope that they will look
out for the future, and discharge their duties in such
a manner that I shall be warranted in voting it
hereafter.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope it will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the resolution. One of the boys who has
acted as a page during this session will receive
nothing under the resolution as it stands. I be-
lieve he has been a very faithful boy, and I there-
fore propose to add an amendment to the resolu-
tion:
That Selby Griffith, wlio hsg acted"as a page, bo allowed
one dollar a day for the time he lias served.
Mr. BROWN. Pay him as much as the others.
Mr. PETTIT. He ought to be put on the
same footing with the rest.
Mr. WILSON. I modify my amendment
according to the suggestion of Senators.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, JAMES. I wish to move an amendment
to include Thomas Peters, jr., the son of Thomas
Peters, the messenger on the floor where ray com-
mittee-room is. He is a small boy, who has
worked regularly during the whole session. He
has attended to my committee-room, has been a
good boy, and has worked faithfully. He has
discharged his duties as well as any boy here, and
I hope he will be included.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to include the
policemen of the Capitol. They were not included
in the increase of twenty per cent, provided by
the law which has just been read by the Senator
from Arkansas. I understand the House has
agreed to raise the compensation of the policemen
on their side twenty per cent. I move that the
same amount be allowed to the policemen on this
side.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to inquire what their
present compensation is ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Their compensation
was not increased by the joint resolution of last
year. It has been increased, as far as the House
is concerned, by a resolution passed by that body
to-night.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator from Iowa
is right; put in the whole camp, pioneers, and all.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot vote for
this resolution as it is. I desire to know where
we are to stop ? You have a clcrk to almost every
committee of the Senate; you have a ported on
every floor where there are committee rooms; and
now the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. James]
has put in a page to the cleric of a committee.
[Laughter.]
Mr.-JAMES. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see how
the Senator can make anything else out of it.
Mr. MASON. It is a necessary consequence
of the system.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know it is a
necessary consequence. It follows the Perry af-
fair. [Laughter.] It is a regular graduation,
going all the way down from the one to the other.
Now, I wish to know where we are to stop? You
have given clerks to committees that never met,
and you have paid them for two whole sessions.
There is a committee, of which I am a member,
that never met more than twice for two sessions
of Congress, and you have paid a clerk for them
against my solemn protest. Now, the Senator
from Rhode Island comes here and wants a page
to that sort of clerkship, in addition to a porter on
the floor where the committee room is.
Mr. JAMES. I have only to say to the gen-
tleman that the clerkship is one thing, the page-
ship another; and the page, the boy of whom he
speaks, has worked not only for my committee,
but for every committee which has a room on the
same floor. The honorable President of the Sen-
ate knows the facts as well as I do. The boy has
labored not only for me, but for every other Sen-
ator on this floor, and I am for paying him what
he has earned. I never give a vote in this body
with more satisfaction than when I give one to
pay for services rendered under my own eye.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
pay for services rendered; but I never saw this
page.
Mr. JAMES. The honorable Senator said he
never attended the committee but twice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I never was at the
meeting of the Committee on Roads and Canals
more than once.
Mr. JAM ES. The Senator is not a member of
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I never belonged
to it, and hope never to belong to it. [Laughter.]
But, sir, this is my point: You have established
committees here to do the public business. The
first step was to give clerks to the important com-
mittees. The next was to give every committee
a clerk. The third step was to give a porter to
each floor. This is the first time I heard there
was a page in addition to a porter, a porter in
addition to a clerk, a clerk in addition to a com-
mittee, and "a committee in addition to the Senate.
[Laughter.] That is the whole system. Now is
there any Senator here who has a page to his
committee? I never heard of such a thing before.
I can tell the honorable Senator his page never
waited on me. There is but one committee on
which I have served, though I am a member of
two committees; and I hope never to beon another,
and if I keep my senses I do not think I shall
under your present dispensations here. I have
served on the Committee on Military Affairs since
I became a member of the body, and I never yet
saw a page there. As to the Committee on Roads
and Canals I have not been there this session. I
was notified to attend once, but I did not go, be-
cause I knew they had nothing to do. [Laughter.]
They have a clerk, however, who is paid out of
the Treasury.
Now, sir, the Senate may spend this money as
they please. I do not care much for the money,
but I protest against the establishment of such a
principle. If one committee is to have a page,
every other committee will ask for one; ana m
order to have it operate fairly all round, let us
begin by giving every Senator a secretary ana
a page. [Laughter.] I tell gentlemen they are
running this matter into the ground, unless they
mean to establish some principle. Let them em-
ploy persons at certain fixed rates; let us stand
by the contract, and make them stand by it; make
them discharge their duty, and pay them what
you agree to pay, and no more.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 wish to inquire of my
friend from Florida whether his amendment in-
cludes the three or four watchmen who are sta-
tioned about the Capitol at night, in exposed
positions, watching the gates? I think they ought
to be included.
Mr. MORTON. If the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania will listen to the reading of the reso-
lution, he will find that it will explain itself.
["Question !" "Question!"] I will say no more.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator, from Florida, as
amended, to strike out all of the original resolution
after the word " resolved," and insert:
That there be paid out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate to each of the pages in the servicc of the Senate, and
the laborers employed in the public grounds, the usual com-
pensation allowed them at the close of the session, after
deducting therefrom the sum they may havereceived under
the joint resolution approved July 20, 1854; that Selby
Griffith and Thomas Peters, jr., be allowed the same com-
pensation as is allowed to the other pages.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I perceive the resolution
is to be adoped, I move to amend it by adding,
" and that there be allowed to John Brown and
Jacob Dodson, fifty dollars each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being on the adoption of the res-
olution as amended,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays;and they were ordered;andbeingtakeB,
resulted—y-eas 22, nays 10; as followsr
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Brown, Chase, Cooper, Gillette,
Gwin, Ifou&ton, James, Jones of Iowa, MaHory, Mortoa,
Pettir, Sebastian, Seward, Stuarf, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, Weller, Wells, Wilson, and Wright—22.
NAYti—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Bright, Brodheatf,
Douglas, Foot, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, and
Toombs—10.
So the resolution was adopted.
kansas military roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report back the bill from
the House of Representatives for the construction
of certain military roads in the Territory of Kan-
sas. It is recommended by the War Department.
I ask for its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which proposes to
appropriate^ $50,000 for a road from Port Riley
to such point on the Arkansas river as, in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, may be most
expedient for military purposes; and $50,COO for
a road from Fort Riley, to Brader's pass in the
Rocky mountains.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
territorial libraries.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am also directed by the
Committee on Territories to report back the
House joint resolution making an appropriation
for the purchase of territorial libraries. This is
to correct an omission of last year. I hope it will
be now considered.
The joint resolution (the object of which is to
appropriate $5,000 for the purchase of territorial
libraries for each of the Territories of Kansas and
JNebraska) was considered as in Committeeof the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MERCANTILE MARINE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have just been reminded
by my colleagues on the Committee on Commerce
thatourchairman, [Mr. Hamlin,] who was called
home m consequence of illness in his family, left
in our charge a resolution which I ask the Senate
to take up and adopt.
"1 he motion to take up the resolution was agreed
