1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11W
Mr. STUART. What will the cost be?
Mr. MALLORY. A similar resolution in these
precine woid.-j was passed in 1845, and under it
the Secretary of the Senate was required to have
such a document published; but the suit was
stayed and n never was published. Theobjectnow
is to curry out that resolutipn. I do not know-
how much it will cost, but it cannot be much,
Mr. S I'UART. I should like to know the cost
of printing.
The PRESIDENT. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. S fUART. I do not wish to object, but I
desire to know what it is to cost.
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is th# object of this
printing?
Mr. MALLORY. There is a suit pending be-
tween Georgia and Florida, in which a large dis-
trict of country, some three hundred and fifty
thousand acres, 1 am to!d, is concerned. The
Attorney General has told me that these papers
are necessary.
The resolution was adopted.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GW1N. I am instructed to make a report
from the committee of conference on the naval ap-
propriation bill. The conference have agreed on all
but three amendments, and I am instructed to ask
the concurrence of the Senate in the items agreed
upon in the committee of conference, excluding
the three upon which we could not agree, and ask
for the action of the Senate upon them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] desired
to be here when that bill should be acted upon.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment in which he
feels an interest is one of those upon which we
could not agree.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have taken cognizance of
what the Committee on Naval Affairs has done,
and I am aware that the matter m which Loui-
siana is concerned is one of the points which is
reserved. There can be no objection, therefore,
to considering the report as far as it goes.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the biil muki^g approbations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858,
have met, and, after full and free conference, haye agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the FIou*e recede from its disagreement to the Sen-
ate amendments, as follows: First, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eleventh, tilling the blank therein with
" three," thirteenth, seventeenth, twentieth, iwenty-first,
twenty-second, and twenty-third.
That the House agree to the Senate's second amend-
ment with an amendment, as follows:
In the eighth line, strike outi: four" and Insert££ three ;'J
and at the end of the amendment add: "Jlnd provided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to reduce the sakny to which any Navy agent is entitled
under the existing tavv%"
That the Senate recede from its amendments disagreed
to by the House, as follows: Eighth, twelfth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,
Uveniv-nititb.
That the lioife agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate with amendments, as follows:
In lints two, after ihe word •'.^hall," insert u hereafter,"
and strike out, after the word '• dollars," in the third line.
That ih^ House ngrec to the twenty-eighth amendment,
by substituting a* follows:
Se<;.8. And be it farther cn<icfedy That the following
sums he, and the same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasuty not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the 3 >th of June, 1856 :
* For the transportation of the mails from New York to
I/iverpool, and back, $<$19,500.
For transportation of the mails from New York to New
Orleans, Charleston.Savannah,Havana, and Chagre ,aud
back, $061,000.
For transportation of the mails from Panama to Califor-
nia and Oregon, and b.icic, $328,3^0.
For carrying out the contiact entered into by the Post
Office Department, under the provisions of the act approved
30th August, 1852, establishing a tri-monthly mail by steam
vessels between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, via Tain-
pico, <5"G9,750.
Sfc.9 Jlnd be U further enuctcJ, That the following
sums be, and the sime are hereby, appropriated for the ser-
vice of the Po-t Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June. 1850, out of any moneys m the Treasury arising
from the revenue* of said Department, in conformity to the
act of the 2d of July, 1S36 :
For transportationof the units, in two pfeamships, from
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, and back, at
$100,000 for each sbh>; and in two steam-Sup* from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at §7o,00i) for each
ship, under the contract wnh the Ocean Steam Navigation
Company of New York, §350.u00.
For transportation of the mads between Charleston and
Havana, a sum not exceeding $30,000,
For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, $150,OJO.
Sf<\ 10. Jlnri he it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending the «(Hh of June, 1855, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely:
For transportation ot the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and back, §559,238 65.
For transportation ot the mails from New York to New
Orh-ans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana, and Chagres, and
back, .§202,378 21.
For transportation of the mails from Panama to Califor-
nia and Oregon, and back, $249,242 02.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department tor the year ending the
30th of June, 1855, out of any money a in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of said Department, in conformity to the
act of the 2d ot July, J84G:
For transportation of the mails in two steamships, from
i New YorK, by Southampton, to Bremen, and back, at
| 8100,000 for each ship: and m iv/osteamships, from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at £75,000 for each
ship, under the contract wnh the ocean Sieatn Navigation
Company of New York, $350,000.
For the transportation of the mails between Charleston
and Havana, under the contiact with M. C. Mordecai,
$50,000.
For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, $120,000.
That the f louse agree to that portion of the tenth amend-
ment which provides as follows: tk removing sunk caisson."
That the Senate recede from the remainder of the said
amendment with the follovvingomendment: in heu ot " two
hundred and fifty-five thousandfourliuudredand ^evenly,"
insert " one'hundred and fi.ty thousand dollars."
That the committee of conference cannot agree upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon amendments
numbeied nine, eighteen, and twenty-seven.
The amendments on which the committee of
conference were unable to agree, are as follows:
Ninth amendment:
And the sum of $1(50,000 be, and the same is hereby, i
appropriated for the establishment of a naval depot on the ;
right bank of the river JIifsisHppi in descending, at the site
now owned and held bv the United States for that purpose, ;
near the city of New Orlfanp, and for such buildings and
improvements as may lie judged r.eces<-aiy lor the accom-
modation of the United Stales vessels of war in that
quaiter.
Tenth amendment:
Add at the end of the. appropriations for navy-yards:
Mem-phis—For excavation and embankments. snnth-.chop,
store-house, and repairs of all kinds, $30,000: Provided,
Tnat no part of this sum shall be expended until the board
oi Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Memphis shall have
retroceded to the United States the said navy-yard with all
the fixtures and appurtenances thereunto belonging, uncon-
ditionally, by deed in such foitn as ^hall be approved by the
Secretary ot the Navy.
Twenty-seventh amendment;
Sec. —. Jind be it farther cnattcd^ That the existing
laws limiting the number of officers in the Navy of the;
United States be so lar modified as to entitle the officers
of the navy and revenue marine of Texas at the time of
annexation, to the pny of officers of the United States on
leavn-of-absence pay to the present time: Provided, The
number of such ollieers shall not exceed eight of the naval
and of the revenue setvice.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope thequestion will betaken
on the report of the committee of conference as
far as they have bsen able to agree.
Mr. MORTO There is one amendment in
which I feel a deep interest, which was proposed
by the Committee on Agriculture,and which was
adopted by the Senate. I desire to know its fate.
Mr. GWIN. It was considered hy the com-
mittee as not properly connected with this bill.
Mr. MORTON. Then I understand the com-
mittee have given it up.
Mr.GWfN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDEN X\ The question is on agree-
ing to the report, leaving the three questions which
are reserved.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I leave it to the Senate to
say what shall be done with the three amendments
on which the committee could not agree.
Mr. JAMES. I mo^e that the Senate recede.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
will not recede, in iteu of that, I move that a
new committee of conference be asked for upon
those three disagreeing votes. I never can agree
to recede from them. As the report of the com-
mittee has been agreed to, 1 move that the Senate
insist on the three amendments on which the com-
mittee could not agree, and ask for a new com-
mittee of conference upon them.
Mr. MALLORY. i understand the three points
on which the committee of conference have been
unable to agree are in regard to the navy-yard at
Memphis, the proposed naval depot near New-
Orleans, and the payment of the officers of the
Texas navy. Those are the three points.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I voted for each of those
propositions, and shall be prepared on all proper
occasions to sustain them again; but 1 hope the
Senate will not for these hesitate about receding.
In relation to the improvements in my own State,
the committee of conference have cut down the
estimates of the Bureau of Yards and Docks very
largely indeed—I believe about ose half. Of this
I say nothing; but these three measures are con-
troverted, and from inquiries which I have made,
I am satisfied there is not the remotest chance of
their being adopted tby the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As a member of the com-
mittee of conference, I am bound to say that, after
the most thorough discussion, coming together as
the two committees did with the greatest disposi-
tion to harmonize as far as possible, after a four
hours' session, they were unable to agree; and I
am perfectly satisfied it will be utterly impossible
for any new committee to agree on these three dis-
puted items. I think, therefore, it is a simple ques-
tion whether we shall recede from those points or
lose the bill. They are the Memphis navy-yard,'
the New Orleans naval depot,and the Texas navy.
From the information we have, there is no possi-
bility of their being adopted by the House. 1 think
the committees on both sides have approached the
questions with the most anxious desire to har-
monize if possible. It is a simple matter of reced-
ing or losing the biil.
Mr. WELLER. I ask my friend from Illi-
nois whether there has been any vote in the House
on the three amendments which constitute the
points of difference?
Mr. DOUGLAS. There has not. The House
had not time to go through with the amendments.
They disagreed to them all, and sent them to a
committee of conference. If they had not pur-
sued that course the bill would certainly have
been lost.
Mr. WELLER. I am very anxious that at
i least two of those amendments should be agreed
I to; and as I think the House of Representatives is
i a very reasonable assembly, the better way for us
; would be to have another committeeof conference.
; The Senate, no doubt, in that event eould get one
of the amendments by abandoning the other two.
That is the usual mode of compromise when there
is a conference between the Senate and the House
of Representatives.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am one of those who, in
j! the committee of conference, stood by these three
ij amendments. 1 voted to put each of them on the
!; bill in the Senate, and I stood by them in the
j; committee; but my conviction is, that it is hope-
j? less to carry the struggle further.
J Mr. GWIN. We have but three hours to sit
here, and this bill has yet to be enrolled on parch-
ment, and the imminent danger is, if we do not
act immediately, that it will be lost. The whole
bill has to be enrolled on parchment, and if it he
not put into the hands of the clerks for that pur-
pose as soon as possible the bill will inevitably fail.
I hope the Senate will act promptly on it.
Mr. BELL. It cannot be certainly knows
-what is the disposition of the other House on
either of these amendments. 1 was present in
that House when the conference was asked for,
and I know that no consideration was given to
the amendments of the Senate at all. Consider-
able interest was felt in that House in regard to one
of the amendments at all events, and what the
sentiment of a majority of the House upon it is
could not have been known to the members of the
committee of conference on the part of that House.
Whatever efforts may have been made by the
friends of either or all those measures, itis impos-
sible they could know the feeling of the House,
because the House had no opportunity to vote in
regard to any of them.
We do not know but that the House may re-
cede from their disagreement to these amendments
if we give them a chance. The fairest method, it
seems to me, is to ask for another conference, and
not at once recede, though it seems that the Senate
must give up everything when the pinch comes.
There are no debatable points involved except
these three on which the com ittee of conference
could not agree. Are we at once, on the report of
our committee, to recede from these amendments
to which the majority of the Senate have agreed?
I think that it would be much better to appoint
another committee of conference on the part of the -
Senate, and when they meet a similar committee
