1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
entitled to the floor. He occupied it and relin-
quished it. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
]?helps] was regularly recognized by the Chair,
and submitted some remarks. When he had fin-
ished his speech, the gentleman iron) North Car-
olina [Mr. Cljngman] wrs regularly recognized,
and moved the previous question. If the Chan-
could have imagined for a moment that the gentle-
man from Virginia desired the floor, it is more than
likely he would have recognized him. But the
geoileman is not deprived of his right by any de-
cision of the Chair, because he had yielded the
floor; and under that impression the Chair assigned
it to another gentleman.
Mr. FAUL1CNLR. I desire to make a state-
ment to the Chair and to the House. When I
made the report, I did not choose to go into any
atgument in support of it, because I was in hopes
that it would have been acted on without one
single word being said upon the subject. I there-
fore waited to see if the report would be attacked;
and as it haa been attacked, I now inquire of the
Chair whether, if the previous question shall be
sustained, i shall be cut off from an opportunity
of making a reply to the gentleman from Mis-
souri?
Mr. PHELPS. I did not make an attack on the
repoit. I merely gave the reasons why I could
not concur in it.
Mr. LILLY. J wish to inquire of the Chair
what was the vote in the House by which this
amendment in relation to the California board was
rejected ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect.
Mr, LILLY. Were there not about three to
one against it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the major-
ity against it wan a large one, but does not recol-
lect the piecise vole. The Oliair decides that the
gentleman irom Virginia [Mr. Fai-i.kncr] having
reported this measiue, or "matter pending," in
the language of the rule, he will be entitled to be
heard if the previous question shall be sustained.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put, being
upon agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I feel some
embarrassment in the position which 1 now occupy
before this House. This is the first committee of
conference that I have had the honor to serve upon
in this body, and when appointed I supposed that
I was to act a very subordinate part upon the com-
mittee. I find, however, from the course pursued
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelp.s,]
in declining to concur in its conclusions, and in his
attack upon its action, that i am thrown into the
foreground of the fijht aa the defender of a metis m e
which never before specially attracted my inquiry
or enlisted my favor. Thecourseof thatgentleman
renders it necessary that I should make a very
brief explanation to the House of the action of the
committee of conference, and of the reasons which
prompted the conclusions to which we arrived.
I assume it for granted, that on every committee
of conference there must be some mutual conces-
sions made, especially where no vital and funda-
mental principles nre involved. This is alike due
to ihe dignity and character of the two Houses,
who are presumed, when they so solemnly insist
upon their respective views, to attach some import-
ance to them. I wish the House to recollect that
the disagreement between the two Houses in this
case has resulted solely from the amendments of
the Senute, every amendment which originated in
this House having been concurred in by the Senate.
1 wish further to stale, that this disagreement
has resulted from six amendments of the Senate;
and that the Senate has receded, in conference,
from five of those amendments, and has submitted
to important modifications of the only amendment
in which we have recommended a concurrence by
the House.
What, then, is that amendment which is deemed
by the gentleman fiom Missouri [Mr. Phelps] so
• hjectionable as to justify an opposition which
may, upon the last day of the session, even hazard
the success of the Army appropriation bill, with
the increase of the Army? It is a section which
proposes to continue in existence f.sr one vear
longer a board created by the act of Augusf, 1832,
and charged with an inquiry into claims contracted
in California, under Colonel Fiemont, in 1846—*7.
Had the creation of such a board been submitted
to me as a question of original policy, 1 should
have been opposed to it; but it was created in ]H52.
It has been in existence for more than two years.
All admit the ability and fidelity with which its
Inbors have been performed. It has already, as I j
learn, saved the Government from the payment of
thousands of spurious and fraudulent claims; and
now, when a few months more will close its
labors, it is urged that we ought to disband it,
and turn over these subjects to the new board of
claims.
When the amendment of the Senate was before
the House, a few days ago, it was rejected, I
admit, by a most decisive and overwhelming vote.
And if I, acting on behalf of the House, have
since yielded your assent to that amendment, I
did not do so until I had made of it a very distinct
proposition from what it was when it was rejected
by so decisive a vote of this body.
It was urged here, us an objection to the amend-
ment of the Senate, that it recognized our obliga-
tion to pay for property of an enemy, destroyed
during a period of war, in an enemy's country.
If such was the true constiuction of the section,
this House did right to reject it; and I would be
the last to sanction it. To repel any such con-
struction, the committee on the part of this House
required the section to be so amended as to confine,
in terms, all such relief to American citizens; and
so it was accoidingly amended in conference.
Again, it was objected that the Senate's amend-
ment gave to the officers of the Army composing
the board an extra compensation from the com-
mencement of their labois to its termination. To
obviate this objection we inserted a provision lim-
iting the extra pay to the period of their service in
California.
Again, it was urged that the existence of the
board was continued without limitation as to time.
We had it amended so as to guard against its con-
tinuance beyond one year longer. It. ia thought a
few months will be sufficient to close its labors.
Again, the mileage was objected to. We have
reduced the mileage going to and returning from
California, to the mileage usually given to officers
of the Army.
Again, u was urged against the amendment of
the Senate, that it made provision for a private
claim—that of Santiago E. Arguello. I examined
this claim in conference, and found it to possess
high merit. And whilst, as a general rule, I am
opposed to providing for private claims in an ap-
I propriation bill,I couid see nothing inthecircum-
J stances of this case to justify the rejection of this
| claim, when pressed by the Senate's committee.
| Who is the claimant? From a report now before
i me, made to the Senate by the Committee on
I Claims, on the 'J3J of March, 1^59, I find that
| " The petitioner was a wealthy and influential inhabitant
I of Oaltioi in a, re^idim; in the vjeimry of San Diepo. On the I
j mva-ion of thai country durum tlx* M' Mean war, and on ;
! the app< aianre of the proelniiMfton of Commodore S'ock-
i ton, rhenjn command o( tout divi-ion of Hie Ameruan
| lorces, ArguHIo ptaecd hmwlf at ihe head of a company
! raiM'd through influence .m.l exertion-, and immediately
i joined tiie Uni;ed States forces, and fought will? di.stm-
| pnu-hed bravery and rfloet in several action*, under the !
| command of Commodore Stockton, who fully attests hid
! gadantry, and the impoit; :iec or ins ^rvjre-n
i " On ihp -2.>th JVoveipher, 1840. he wa-appointed by Gnv-
j evnor Stockton a ca;>t;un of nth men in the California bat-
j tuhon, and on ilie IG.ii January, i$47, a member of the
j legislative couneil o{ that Territoiy.
u In consequence of hi  alt •ehinent to the cause of the
' United States., and the zeal and activity which he maiti-
! fe*t  d in their service, his rancho was ravaged and laid
• waste, hi  building burnt, .m-i hi* catt'e and othe« movable
' rtr, eta tiTken away hy the enemy, by which lie appears to
, iiavti been r  due< d from compel' nee and wealth to penury
I and dependence.
! *' A commission, appointed by II. Fitch,7>q., alcalde of
i San Dieso, to examine and report upon tne lo>at s ot Ar-
[ guellfl, state, under oaih, and alter a personal • ^animation,
i that the personal pr>p< rty thu- destroyed by the enemy ■
; amounted, ' at the iosv^t value,' to * - *
1 "On leaving Caiuoriua, (Jovernor f«toe!;t<>n, who ren-
dered «ueh valuable, important, and arduou- service in that
then distant arid almost unknown Territory, addressed a
communication to Arguello, in winch, after acknowledging
hks services, sacrifice??, and Josses, he says: 41 hope—
n<iy, I have not the Ica^t <joubi—but that the which
>ou have sustained will be reimbursed by the Govern-
ment of the United States.' "
This claim of $14,888has, in fheamendment of
the Senate, been reduced to $11 548.
i find further, m a fetter of Commodore Stock-
ton, bearing date the Bih of March, 1852, the fol-
lowing summary of the services and sacrifices of
Arguello:
"lst „Doo Santiago E. Arguello wag £ne of the first, after ^
my proclamation, to espouse the American cause, and take
up arms m its defense.
« ad. He assisted in taking and holding San Diego under
the American flag. „ .
« 3d. He raised a company, and served under me during
the whole campaign.
"4th. He fought most gallantly, tide by side with me in
every bottle, always distinguished.
"5th. By his enterprise and boldness he contributed,
more than any one else, to supply me with cattle and ani-
mal for transportation purposes.
'•6th. Ileexercised a poweiful and salutary influencem
harmonizing and reconciling lite Cahformans to the change
of flag. . t
" 7th. His family were driven from their home ; his house
pillaged and burnt; his numerous flocks and herds de-
stroyed ; his peons scattered and driven ofF; his inclosures
and'giowing mops wantonlv laid waste ; and not a vestige
of his perMiable propertv iett. Thus, at the end of the war
he found himself rich in honors, but a houseless, homeless,
and poverty-stricken man."
Mr. BENTON. Who did it? The enemy-
did it.
Mr. FAULKNER. The statement from which
1 have been reading is made by Commodore Stock-
ton. Of course the injuries there recited were done
by our enemies.
Mr. BENTON. Doea he say that Fiemont
did it?
Mr. FAULKNER. The statement of Com-
modore Stockton does not say that Fiemont did
it; nor have I said that Fremont did it.
Mr. BENTON. I ask the gentleman if Fre-
mont did ii?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is out of order.
Mr. BENTON. I am vindicating troth, order,
and justice.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will not go further to vindicate truth and
justice than I will.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that gen-
tlemen will try and preserve order.
Mr. FAULKNER. At the time I was so
strangely interrupted by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, 1 was not making the slightest allusion to
Colonel Fremont, or to any injury or destruction
of property that occurred, so far as I know, even
when he was in California. I was speaking of the
private claim of Arguello, which was embraced in
the bill, and which was deemed objectionable by
some gentlemen in this House, because he was
provided for by that amendment of the Senate in
which the concurrence of this House is now asked.
1 have already quoted the testimony of Commodore
Stockton, as gallant a man as this country has
ever produced, and as reliable a witness as could
testify to any fact, and who presents this man as
a martyr, arid a victim to his zeal and devotion to
the American cause.
Mr. BENTON. Does he say that Fremont
did it?
Mr. FAULKNER He makes not the slight-
est allusion to Fremont.
Mr. BENTON. The bill says he did it, and
the law says he did it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is out of order.
Mr. BENTON. 1 know I am out of order, but
my indignation is great 
Mr. FAULKNER. There is not the slightest
occasion for the indignation or temper of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, so far as this bill is con-
cerned, for, if, as he alleges, no property was des-
troyed by the order of Colonel Fremont, why then
this bill is a d<-ad letter, for it makes no provision
for any case except where that destruction was by
his order.
1 will, in conclusion, then, say, sir, that my
reasons for yielding my assent to this amend-
ment. of [he Seriate, modified as it has most ma-
terially been in our conference committee, were:
That it was strongly sustained by the Senator
from California in the conference committee, wh< 
expressed it as hist firm conviction, resulting from
no slight acquaintance with the facts, that a con-
tinuance of the labors of this board, for a few
months longer, was highly important to the inter-
ests of this Government, m ferreting out and re-
jecting a large number of Spurious and fiaodulent
claims. Of ihe same opinion, are the two Repre-
sentees from California on the flior. These are
all honorable and high-minded getrlemen who
would not deceive Congress, or trifle with their
word.
Again, 1 have taken some pains to examine the
work of the board, and 1 have found their decis-
ions marked by great deliberation and caution,
