1855. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
and by a firm determination to do justice between
the Government and the claimants. And whilst I
should have opposed the creation of any such
board as an original proposition, I believe it is
now better to let them proceed to close their in-
vestigations into these claims. The labors of two
years have made them familiar with the whole
subject, and they can now bring to a termination
in six months what it might require another tri-
bunal years to decide upon. 1 have someacquaint-
ance with the gentlemen composing this board.
The value of their work speaks for itself, and is
disputed by no one; and certainly no three officers
of the Army maintain a higher character for integ-
rity and fidelity in the performance of that or any
other duty assigned to them.
1 will consume no more of the time of the House
on this subject. If not satisfied with the action of
the committee of conference, let this body reject it,
and refer the disagreement to another committee.
I feel satisfied, it larger concessions could have
been extorted from the Senate, it would have been
at the expense of the public interests.
Mr. BENTON. 1 beg to state to the House
that 1 have a letter from an officer of the board,
who wishes it continued, and says to me in the con-
cluding part of it, you know the solicitude of
Colonel Fiemont to have every honestclaim paid."
1 do 
Mr. iVtcDOlIGALL. Ifthegentleman from Mis-
souri is going to make a speech I wish to answer
him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays upon agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference, which were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
64, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Mf ssrs. Aiken, JamesC. Allen, Apple tors, Burks-
dale, Belcher, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bristow, Brooks,Ca-
ruthers, ChcWani, Clark, Clingman, Cook, Corwm, Crocker,
Ctitunp, Dowdeli, Dium, Dunbar, Edmands, Edmuud.-on,
John M. Elliott, Ei.glu-h, Eiheiidge, Faulkner. Floience,
Full' r, Guode, Green, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Harrison, Haven, IJendricks, Ingersnil, Roland Jones,
K<rr, Lamb, L'tiham MeDougall, McNair, Smith Miller,
Old<, Orr, Packer, Preston, Ready, Richardson, Seymour,
Shower, William Smith, William R. Smith, John L. Tay-
lor, Teller, Thurston, Tweed, Waliey, Wal>h, John Went-
worth, Wesibiook, and Hei.dnck B. Wright-—64.
NAYS—Messrs. A^lie, Ball, Benson, Benton, Boyce,
Campbell, Carpenter, Ca^kie, Chamberlain, Cnrisman,
Cobb, Oa, Craige, Curiis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Dent, Di-n"y, Eastman, Edgcton, Thomas D.
Enot, Edison, Everhai t, Farley, Flagler, Gamble,Giddrngs,
Greenwood, Grey, Grow, {{.Million, Ilenn, Hiester, Will,
Houston, Ilnwe, Ilnghes, Hunt, George \V, Jones, Kent,
Kurtz. Leicher, Leui.-, Lil'v, McCulloch, Matto-on, Mau-
rice, M.ivail, Mcucliam, Muldiovvarth, .\2ill?on, Morgan,
Mu rav,'Nichol?, Noble, N -rton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
P«ek,P nmtigton, Bi&hop Perkins, Phelps, Poweii, Piatt,
Prumle, David Ritchie, Tnornas Ritchey, Howe, Rulhn,
Ri " ~ ' ""
L.
lor, ....  <
B. Washburue, Israel Washburn, Wills, and Wheeler—90.
So the House refused to agree to the report of
the committee of conference
Air. PHELPS. I move that the House insist
upon theirdisagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the Army appropriation bill; and I ask
thatanoiher committee of conference be appointed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the i«ffiiniative.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Phelps,
Edgeilton, and Walley to act as the committee
of conterence on the part of the House.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the leport of the committee of conference
was rejected, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which received the signature of the
Speaker:
An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels;
An act for the relief of Madalena Van Ness
widow of Cornelius Van Ness, deceased;
An act to provide accommodations for the Uni-
ted States courts in the city of Jackson, Missis-
sippi;
An act for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased;
An act to establish certain post roads; and
An act to change the boundaries of the land
districts in the State of Iowa, and for other pur-
poses.
rTioyie, uavia lutcnie, i nomas itucney, itowe, ivuum,
iu^ell, Salmi, S-'ge, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Skolton, li« stor
Li. Steven*, Sinition, Straub. Andrew Siuart, John J. Tay-
or, Nathaniel G T.iy! -r,'  racy? Upbam, Vansanf, Ellihu
CHARGES AGAINST HON. T. H. BAYLY.
Mr. WITTE. I rise to a question of privilege.
1 desire to present the report of the select com-
mittee raised in this House for the purpose of
investigating certain charges made against Hon.
Thomas H. Bayly, of Virginia, which I ask may
be laid upon the table, and be printed.
There being no objection it was so ordered.
POST OFFICES, ETC SMITHSONIAN INSTI-
TUTION.
Mr. WITTE, I desire, also, to present a
report from the select committee raised in this
House to whom the message of the President, in
relation to sites for post offices and court rooms,
was referred; and also a report from the select
committee appointed by this House to examine
and investigate the management of the Smith-
sonian Institution. I ask that the reports in both
these cases be laid on the table and ordered to be
printed. There being no objection it was so
ordered.
ST. CLAIU FLATS, ETC-
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon what?
The SPEAKER. Upon a motion to take up
Senate bill No. 498.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion. Let the bill be reported.
The title of the bill was reported, as follows:
An act making appropriations for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair flats, "and for deep-
ening the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's
river, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to yield to me a moment, to enable me
to move to take up a Senate resolution, the object
of which is to put a construction upon a law of
Congress passed last session for the benefit of
the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. CLARK. I can only say, if it is the
unanimous wish of the House to take up that bill,
! and 1 do not lose my right to the floor, I have no
objection.
Several Members objected.
Mr. STUART. I believe tVie yeas and nays
have not been ordered on the bill called up by my
colleague, fMr. Clark.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk says not
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion to i
suspend the rules; and it was decided in the ;
affirmative.
Mr. CLARK. I demand the previous question
upon ordering the bill to be read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the ,
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon the passage of the
bill I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays. .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmunds on
and Hunt were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported twenty-two in the affirmative, (not a
sufficient number.)
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved t© recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC WORKS IN MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. WALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 611) for continuing certain pub-
lic works m the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the considera-
tion of the bid.
Mr. WALLEY. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion. i
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was then put; and resulted—yees ;
84, nays 66; as follows: * j
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey. Bank®, Ben- ;
son, Benton, Bnstow, CamphHl, Carpenter, Carttthers, i
Chandler, Clark, Cook, Godwin, Cox, Crocker, Culling, '
Thomas Davis, DeWitt, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Ed-
porton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridgc, Farley,
Flakier, Franklin. Giddings, Goodrich, Andrew J. Hailan,
Harnson, Haven, Hent), Howe, Hughes, Hum, Kerr, Knox,
Latham, Lindsley, Macy. May, Morgan, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Peckiiam, Pennington, Preston,
Pringle, Ready, Richardson, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Frederick P.
Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Ssratton, Andrew Stuart,
David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tel-
ler, Thurston, Tracy, Upliam, Va sant, Wad«*, Wailey,
EDihu B.Washburne, Israel Washburn,Wells, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentwortli, Westbrook, and ZoilicofFer
—84.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willia Allen, Thomas
H. Bayly, Barksdale, Bocock, Caskie, Chastain, Chris-
man, Cobb, Craiae, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Dowdell, Edmundson, Ellison, English, Faulkner,
Fuller, Gamble, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hiester, Houston,
Ingersoll, George W. Jones,Keitt, Kidwell, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lane, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, Mc-
Mulhn, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, Maxwell, Mayall,
Smith Miller, Midson, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Rowe, Ruffin, Shannon, Shaw,
Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Richard H.
Stanton, Straub, Walsh, and Wheeler.—66.
So, two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
Mr. STRATTON, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution (No. 10) explanatory of an act
entitled "An act for the relief of A&igail Staf-
ford."
The resolution was read in extenso.
No objection being made the resolution waa
ordered to be read a third time, and being read
the third time, it was subsequently passed.
FRANKLIN CHASE.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 590) for
the relief of Franklin Chase.
The bill was then read, and ordered to a third
reading; it was subsequently read the third time,
and I
CAPTAIN THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bili (No. 481) for the relief
of Captain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones.
Mr, CRAIGE. I object.
Mr. SMITH. I move the suspension of the
rules for the purpose which I have indicated.
The bill was read for information, ltauthorizes
and directs the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury to pay to Captain Thomas Ap Catesby
Jone<?, United States Navy, the pay of which he
was deprived by the decision of a court-martial in
1851; provided the act is not to be construed as
an expression of opinion on the organization, con-
duct, or decision of said court.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was disagreed
to—yeas 65, nayo GI; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Ball, Banks,
Bocock, Breckinridge.Campbell,Chandler,Clingman,Cox,
Culiom, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dtsnev, Dunbar, Eddy,
Fidgerton, Edmundson, John M. Eltioit. Farley, Faulkner,
Florence, F anklin, Gamble, Gooduch, Greenwood, Grey,
Harrison, Haven, Iliestrr, flowe, Hunt, Kent, Kerr, Lamb,
Lane, Lilly, Lindley, McUneen, Macy, Maxwell, May,
Smith Milter, Norton, Parker, John Perkins, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt, Preston, Ready, Reese, Robhms, Rufiin,
Sapp, Shannon, William Smith, Richard II. Stanton,
Straub, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Varsam,
Walbridge, Ellihu B Washburne. John Wentworth, West-
brook, Witte, and Hendriek B Wright—65.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alh'n, Willis Allen, Benson,
Carpenter, Chamb- rUin, Chastain, Cobb, Craige, John G.
Davis, Dawson. De Witt, Dickinson, Dowdell, Eastman,
Edmands Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English, Flakier, Tul-
ler, Giddmirs, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J.
J Harlan, Karnes. Hendricks, Hihbard, Hill, Houston,
Howe, Darnel T. Jones, Gfcoige W. Jones, Knox, Lmds-
I ley, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson. Maimce, Middleswarth,
Millson, Moigan, Vurr.ty, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, P*ck,
I Peckham, Pennington. Pringle,Rowe. Sabm. Sage, Seward,
Skelton, J«>hn J."Taylor, Tiacv. Upham, Wade, Walsh,
Wills, Wheeler, and Zollicofi'er—61.
So the House refused to suspend the rules*
VETO MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT-
A message was received from the President, by
Sidney Webster, Esq.,his Private Secretary,no-
! titvmg the Hoo&e that he h$d approved end signed
i sundry private bills, and returning«he mail steamer
1 appropriation b'U with his objtc ions thereto,
; The SPEAKE?.. ^ it the pleasure of the
! Hous$ Uto the veto message be r.e&d?
