1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. It is not the pleasure
cf the House to have the veto message read.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to have the message read.
Mr. TAYLOR. Let the House decide whether
or not it will interrupt the business of the House
by the reading of that message. Let it be laid
upon the table. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will remember
the provision of the Constitution in reference to
veto messages of the President. Bills being re-
turned with the President's objections, the House
shall proceed to consider them.-
Mr. TAYLOR. I was not aware that the
Constitution required the immediate consideration
of a veto message in preference to other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that the rules of the House conflict with the pro-
visions of the Constitution. The Clerk will pro-
ceed to read the message.
The Clerk then read tho Message, as follows:
To the House o Representatives:
1 return herewith to the House of Represent-
atives, in which it originated, the bill entitled " An
act making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail, by ocean steamers arid
otherwise, during the fiscal years ending; the 30th
of June, 1855, and the 30th of June, 1856,"with
a brief statement of the reasons which prevent its
receiving my approval.
The bili provides, among other things, that" the
following sums be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the year
ending the 30ih of June, 1856:
" For transportation of the mails from New
York to Liverpool and back, $858,000; and that
the proviso contained in the first section of the
act eniided { An act to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1852,* approved the 21st
of J uly. 1852, be, and the same is hereby, repealed:
Provided, That Edward K. Collins and his asso-
ciates shall proceed, with nil due diligence, to build
another steamship, in accordance with the terms
of their contract, and have the same ready for the
mail service in two years from and after the pas-
sage of this act. And if the said steamship is not
ready within the time above mentioned, by reason
of any neglect or want of diligence on their part,
then the said Edward K. Collins and his asso-
ciates shall carry the United States mails between
New York and Liverpool from the expiration of
the said two years, every fortnight, free of any
charge to the Government, until the new steam-
ship shall have commenced the said mail service."
The original contract was predicated upon the
proposition of E. K. Collins of March 0, 1840,
made with abundant means of knowledge as to
the advantages and disadvantages of the terms
which he then submitted for the acceptance of the
Government. The proposition was in the follow-
ing terms:
44 E. K. Collins and his associates propose to
carry the United States mail between New York
and Liverpool twice each month during eight
months of the year, and once a month during the
other four months, for the sum of throe hundred
and eighty five thousand dollars ($385,000) per
annum, payable quarterly. For this purpose they
will agree to build five steamships, of not less
than two thousand tons measurement, and of one
thousand horse-power each, which vessels shall
be built for great speed, and sufficiently strong for
war purposes.
44 Four of said vessels to be ready for service
in eighteen months from the signing of the con-
tract. The fifth vessel to be built as early as pos-
sibly practicable, and, when not employed in the
mail service, to be subject to the orders of the
Government for carrying dispatches, for which j
{service a fair compensation is to be paid. Con- .
tract to he for the term of ten years. It is also
proposed to secure to the United States the priv-
ilege of purchasing said steamships whenever they
may be required for public purposes, at a fair val-
uation, to be ascertained by appraisers appointed
by lif? United States and by the owners.
("Signed,) Edward IC. Collins.
44 Washington, March 6, 1846."
The act of March 3, 1847, provides: "That
ffom and immediately af'er the passage of this j
act, it shall be the duty of the &««retary of the I
\ Navy to accept, on the part of the Government of
| the United States, the proposals of E. K. Collins
j and his associates, of the city of New York, sub-
mitted to the Postmaster General, and.dated at
i Washington, March 6, 1846, for the transporta-
I tion of the United States mail between New Yorfc
; and Liverpool, and to contract with the said E.
K. Collins and his associates for the faithful fulfil-
ment of the stipulations therein contained, and in
accordance with the provisions of this act;" and
under this proposition and enactment the original
contract was made.
According to the terms 'of that contract, tho
parties were to receive from the United States, for
twenty round trips each year, the sum of $19,250
the trip, or $385,000 per annum; and they were to
construct and provide five ships, of a stipulated
size and quality, for the performance of this or
other service for the Government.
Of the yhips contracted for, only four have been
furnished, the Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic, and Baltic,
and the present bill proposes to dispense entirely
with the original condition of a fifth ship, by only
requiring the construction of one, which would
but supply the place of the Arctic, recently lost by
peril of the sea. Certain minor conditions, invol-
| ving expense to the contractors, among which
was one for the accommodation and suboistence
of a certain number of passed midshipmen on each
vessel, had previously been dispensed with on the
part of the United States.
Byactof Congress of July 21,1852, the amount
of compensation to the contractors was increased
from $19,250 to $33,000 a trip, and the number of
trips from twenty to twenty-six each year—making
the whole compensation $858,000 per annum.
During the period of time from the commencement
of the service of these contractors on the 27th of
April 1850, to the end of the last fiscal year, June
30, 1854, the sum paid to them by the United
States amounted to $2,020,906, without reckon-
ing public money advanced on loan to aid them
in the construction of the ships; while the whole
amount of postages derived to the Department has
been only $734,056; showing an excess of expend-
itures above receipts of $1,886,440 to the charge
of the Government. In the mean time, in addi-
tion to the payments from the Treasury, the par-
ties have been in the enjoyment of large receipts
from the transportation of passengers and mer-
chandise, the profits of which are in addition to
the amount allowed by the United States.
It does not appear that the liberal conditions
heretofore enjoyed by the parties were less than
a proper compensation for the service to be per-
formed, including whatever there may have been
of hazard in a new undertaking; nor that any
hardship can be justly alleged calling for relief on
the part of the (Government.
On the other hand, the construction of five ships
of great speed, and sufficiently strong for war pur-
poses, and the services of passed midshipmen on
board of them, so as thus to augment the contin-
gent force and the actual efficiency of the Navy,
were among the inducements of the Government
to enter into the contract.
The act of July 21,1852, provides "that it shall
be in the power of Congress at any time after the
31st day of December, 1854, to terminate the ar-
rangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided for upon giving six months' notice," and it
will be seen that, with the exception of the six
additional trips required by the act of July 21,
1852, there has been no departure from the original
engagement but to relieve the contractors from
obligation; and yet, by the act last named the com-
pensation was increased from $385 000 to$858,000,
with no other protection to the public interests pro-
vided than the right which Congress reserved to
itself to terminate the contract, so far as this in-
creased compensation was concerned, after six
months'notice. This last provision, certainly a
primary consideration for the moreg;enerous action
of the Government, the present bill proposes to
repeal, so as to leave Congress no power to term-
inate the new arrangement.
To this repeal the objections are, in my mind,
insuperable, because, in terms, it deprives the
United States of all future discretion as to the
increased service and compensation, whatever
changes may occur in the art of navigation, its
expenses, or the policy and political condition of
the country. The gravity of this objection is
enhanced by other considerations. While the
contractors are to be paid a compensation nearly
double the rate of the original contract, they are
exempted from several of its conditions, wl.ich
has the effect of adding still more to that rate;
while the further advantage is conceded to them,
of placing their new privileges beyond the control
even of Congress. .
it will be regarded as a less serious objection
than that already stated, but one which should
not be overlooked, that the privileges bestowed
upon the contractors are without corresponding
advantages to the Government, which receives no
sufficient pecuniary, or other return for the im-
mense outlay involved; which could obtain the
same service of other parties at less cost; and
which, if the bill becomes a law, will pay them a
large amount of public money, without adequate
consideration—that is, will in effect confer a gra-
tuity, whilst nominally making provision for the
transportation of the mails of the United Scales.
To provide for making a donation of such mag-
nitude, and to give to the arrangement the charoc-
( terof permanence which this bili proposes, would
j be to deprive commercial enterprise of the benefits
of free competition, and to establish a monopoly,
in violation of the soundest principles of public
policy, and of doubtful compatibility with the
Constitution.
1 am, of course, not unmindful of the fact that
the bill comprises various other appropriations
which are more or less important to the public
interests; for which reason my objections to it
are communicated at the first meeting of the House
following its presentation to me, in the hope that
by amendment to bills now pending, or other-
wise, suitable provision for all the objects in ques-
tion may be made before the adjournment of Con-
Sress- FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, March, 3.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Speaker, I would be false to
my duty, and unworthy of a seat on this floor aa
a national Representative, if I did not give utter-
ance to the feelings of my heart. Sir, veto fol-
lows veto, in the rapid march of tyranny over the
liberties of the people. The abominable veto just
read iH the very heighth of tyranny—a usurpa-
tion of power unknown to our ancestors, and with-
out precedent in the history of this free country.
I desire gentlemen to know who they are;—the
Representatives of an independent people, sent
here to express their minds freely as grave, con-
scientious, and patriotic men, on public affairs,
and to determine on matters like the present,
peculiarly and properly within their legislative
discretion:—not slaves, to act as the medium of
recording the will of the Executive, bent entirely
upon superseding and doing away with the legis-
lative power of the coun'ry. The times are mel-
ancholy, indeed, if the President is to dictate to
this people.
That officer claims a right to exercise the veto
power as freely as any one of us Representa-
tives standing here can exercise his individual
judgment upon a matter for the legislative consid-
eration of this body. This is a power which wag
never conferred by the Constitution; which would
take away our constitutional power of legislation;
and which, if permitted or tolerated, would result
in the overthrow of the liberties of the country.
When our revolutionary fathers fought for, and
established, this free Republic, they thought they
had put an end to monarchy. But this is all a
dream, if Franklin Pierce—by an accident, as 1
thmk of the foreign vote—President of the United
States, is allowed to dictate to the people of this
free country, and to say what they shall do and
what laws they shall make
Sir, I see some gentlemen over the way smiling1
with self-complacency, no doubt, at the result of
this veto, as in conformity with their votes on the
bill. But, air, if they will sound their hearts as
patriots, [ think they will rather be overwhelmed
with grief and sorrow to see a tyrant thus etriking
down the will of the sovereign people.
Mr. BOYCE, I move the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A revolution has com-
menced 
[Shoutsof " Order!" " Order!" and tumultuous
confusion, in which the remainder of the sentence
was lost.]
Mr. LETCHER. Bloodless, as yet.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw the demand for
