1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
the previous question, to enable me to submit
some remarks in support of the veto.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that tile House Oo
now adjourn; raid on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I asked the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] to yield
me the floor, not that I expected to get it 
Mr. WHEELER, (amid great noise and con-
fusion.) 1 insist upon my motion toadjourn; and
on it 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASIIE. I rise to a point of order. Do
I not understand that the Chair recognized the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,]
nnd is lie not now entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina demanded the previous question, and of
course cannot retain the fl.ior, as the call for the
previous question is not debatable.
The question being on Mr. Wheeler's motion
to adjourn,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE. I desire to ask the Chair if the
House adjourn now to what time will it adjourn ?
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The Clerk commenced to call the roll.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the motion of the gentleman
from New York is 
[Loud cries of "Order!" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair, as a matter of
privilege, cannot hear a question of order while
the roll is being called.
Mr. PHILLIPS. There was no response.
Tr.e SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Alabama may state his question of order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to asfea question of
order; but i will first state the fact as it stands.
The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Wheeler]
moves that the House do now adjourn. The con-
sequence id, that if the motion should prevail 
[Renewed cries of" Order!"]
Mr. PHILLIPS. I hope the Chair will hear
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased to
hear the gentleman from Alabama, but he will
recollect that the rules do not allow debate.
Mr. PECK. 1 object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do net desire to debate the
question; I simply desire to make a point of order.
The SPEAKER. Every member knows that
any one occupying the position which I do is often
cut off from stating what is before the body.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I cannot help it.
Mr. WHEELER. No point of order can be
raised when there is a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BENTON. The Constitution requires that
we shall consider a veto message.
[Loud cries of" Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] submits a motion that the
House do now adjourn. On that motion the yeas
ant* nays are ordered. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Phillips] is addressing the House on
the subject of the propriety of adjournment. That
question is not debatable.
Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir; I do not propose to
debate that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. As I understand the rules,
no question of order can be raised on the motion
to adjourn. ,
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Phillips.) The
subject is not debatable. The House retuses to
hear the gentleman from Alabama,and the Chair
must enforce-the rule.
Mr. PHILLIPS, (amid loud cries of "Order!' )
I do not propose to debate it, but I do propose to
submit a point of order 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has a r.ight, under the rule, to state the
question of order; but he must not make a speech.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not propose to make a
speech. I know what the rules of order are.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman sees the
necessity the Chair is under to enforce the rule.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I understand the position of
the Chair. My point of order is this 
Mr. WHEELER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has a right to state his question of order.
How otherwise can the Chair determine whether
the gentleman is in order or not?
Mr. PHILLIPS. My point of order is this:
that, under the Constitution of the United States, ! Chamberlain, Chasiain, Chrisman, Clark,CIin"man Cobb,
u-'lien - veto message ,s received .by the House, j '
the House h bound to proceed with the consider-
ation of the bill vetoed; and that a motion to
adjourn on the last day of the session, before its
consideration, is contrary to the Constitution of
the United Slates, and out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
ccmpetent for this House to adjourn if it choose
to do so, and no debate can arise on the propo-
sition that the House do now adjourn.
The question beine: on the motion to adjourn,
The roll was called; and the question was
decided in the negative—yeas 8, nays 180*, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Ball, Farley. Maurice, Meacham, Mor-
gan, Peck, John L. Taylor, and Wheeler—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allfn, Appleton,
A=lie, Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, ttarksdate, Belcher,
Bell, Beimeit, Benson, Benton, Bococ£, Boyce, Breckin-
ridge, Budges, Bristow. Brook?, Campbell, Carpenter, Ca-
rutiierrf, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chasrain, Chris-
man, Ciark, Chngman, Cobb, Cook, Convm, Co.?, Craige,
Crocker, Camming, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davi". Thom-
as Davis, Dawson, De Wirt, Dickinson, Di^wy. DowdeJI, :
Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman. Eddy, Edjrerton, Ed-
manUs, Edmundson, Thomas I). Eliot, John M Elliott,
Ellison, English, Fiiheridgo, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin,
Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Aar n Harlan, Andrew J. Marian,
Sampson W. Ham®, Wiley P. Harris. Harrison, Hastings,
Haven, Hendricks, Ilonn, fhbbaid, Uiester, Hill, Houston,
Ilowe, limn, IngersoJl, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Lillv, Lindley, Lindslcy,
McCulloch. Macdonald, IWcDoucall, McMullin, McQueen,
Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May, MiddieswarUi, Smith Miller,
Millson, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Old*, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer Paiker, Peckh.im, Pennington, Bt?hop
Pe'kins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt,
Preston, Pnngle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, Richardson, Rid-
dle, Robinns, Rogers, Ilowe, RutTin, Russell, Sabm, Sapp,
Seward, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,Wilham R. Smith, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Riehaid H. Stanton, Ilcstor L. Stevens,
Straiton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J Taylor, Nathaniel
G-. Tavtor, Teller, Thurston. Tracy. Trout, Tweed, Up-
1mm, Varisant, Walbndge, Walker, Waliey, Walsh, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrock, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
and ZolhcolFer—180.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question made by Mr. Boyce.
Mr. MATTESON. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. No
yeas and nays can be had «n seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SAGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton
and Wheeler were appointed.
| The House divided-, and the tellers reported—
1 ayes S3, noes 58.
j So the previous question was seconded.
j The question recurred on ordering the main
! question to be put.
Mr. WHEELER called for the yeasand nays.
Mr. MA'iTESON. i move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that I call for the yeas and
nays, and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Dowdcll. Dunbar.
Dunham. Eastman, Eddy, Edmanda, Edmundson, 1 ijomas
D. t liot, EHison, Engti-h, Ethcjuiff<', Everiiarf, Faulkner,
Florence. Fuller, Gamble, Green. Greenwood.Grey,Grow,
Hamilton, Samps-on W Harris, Wiley P. [Jains, Hastings,
Haven, flendncks, IJenn, Hibbard, Hicster, Hill, Houston,
Ilowe, Johnson, George W.Jones, RoJand Jones, Ketu,
Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Linrtley,
Lmdsley, McCulloch, Macdonald, McMuihn, Mctfair,
McQueen, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller,
Millson, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, John Perkins, Phillip?, Powell, Pratt, Preston, Pur-
year, Ready, Reese, Ri' hardson, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers,
Ruffin, Russell, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, DavidStoart,
John J Taylor, Teller, Tracy,Trout,Tweed, (Jpham, Van-
s-ant. Walker. Elhhu B. Washbtirne, Weil«, Witte, Daniel,
B. Wright, Hendrick B- Wright, and Zolhc- flter—J31.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Benson, Campbell, Carpenter,
Cullom, Outline, De Witt. Disney, Farley, Flagler, Fiank-
lin, Goodrich, Goodwin, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Matteson, Maurice, Meacham, Middle-
swarth, Morgtn, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Peckham, Pennington,Pnngle,David Ritchie,Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Simmons, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Wade, Walbndge, Walsh, Israel Washburn, and Wheeler
—42.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The question being "Shall the bill pass, the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding r"
Mr. WHEELER called for the yeaa and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Thomas H- Bayly, Ball, Bel-
cher, Benson, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberla'n, Chand-
! )<?r, Clark, Chngman, Conk, Corwm, Crocker, Cuilom,
I Cutting, Thomas Davis. Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunbar,
i Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ever-
hart, Farley Flagler, Franklin, Goodrich,Goodwin,Green,
Andrew J. Ilarlan, Harrison, Hastings, Howe, Hughes,
' Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Lyon, Macy,
; Mattecon,Maurice, Mayall,Meacham.Middleswarth,Mor-
j gan, Notion, Olds', Andrew Oliver, Peck, PecJUiam, Pen-
i mnaton, JDavid Ritchie, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Frederick
: r. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hector L. Stevens, John
i L. Taylor, NathamelG. Tavlor, Teller, Thurston. Tweed,
! Upham, Wade, Walbndge, Waliey, EIHhuB. Washbume,
' Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
! worth, Weslbrook, and Wheeler—~9.
; NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Barksdale,
Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow,
■ Biooks, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Cox, Craige, Cum-
1 ming, John G. Davi«, Dawson, Dowdell, Dunham, Eddy,
I Edmtmdson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Faulk-
1 ner, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Grow,
1 Hamilton, Aaron Ilarlan, SampsonW. Harris, Wiley P.
i Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Ilcnn, Hibbard, Hiest'r, Hill,
' Houston, Johcisem, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
' Kurtz, Lamb, l.ane, Letcher, Lrwi«, Lilly, Lindiey,
Lindslev, McCu'loch, McNair, McQueen, Maxwell, Smith
Muler, Millson, Murray, Nichols Nobie, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Parker. Bis-hop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps,
Phillips, Pratt. Preston. Ready, Rich.irdson, Thomas
Ritcney, Robbins, Riiflin, Rus*ell, Seward, Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, WiJharn Smith, Wil-
liam, R. Smith, Stratton. Straub, Andrew S'ua-t, Jonn J.
Tajlor, Tracy, Vansant, Walker, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,
Hendrick B. Wright, and Zoilicoffer—98
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the announcement of the vote—
Mr. ASHE said: I was notwithtn the bar when
tellers were ordered; and" Messrs. Dunham my name was called; I was attending to business;
, . l. ... T u. 4 u aam f !/l h a t! a tt aran in
and Phelps were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported— I
ayes twenty, (not one fifth of a quorum.)
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Matteson's :
motion; and it was not agreed to. i
The question recurred on the call for the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish to know the state of j;
but if I had been present 1 should have voted in
the negative.
Mr. McQUEEN made a similar announce-
ment.
Mr. ENGLISH. I happened to be out when
my name was called, if I had been present I
should have voted in the negative.
Mr. CHRISMAN. I desire to say that I was
not in the House when my name was called, if
1 had been, I should have voted no.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, 1 was not present
I thTheeSPEAKER. It is on ordering the main I at the moment my name was called, during the
ouestion to be put, and on that the yeas and nays f! vote on the reconsideration of the mail steamer
q P I annronriation bill under the veto of the President,
are ordered. . „.
Mr. OLDS. Let me ask a question. The effect :
of not ordering the previous question would be to ,
carry the whole matter for discussion before the <
House ? , ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the !
question when it arises. _ j
Mr. HUNT. And if the main question is or- ,
dered it will bring the House to vote distinctly on j
the bill ? i
I The SPEAKER. Yes. . !
I The question was taken; and it was decided m '
! the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 42; as follows:
' YEAS—Aiken, JdtnesC. Allen, Apploion, Aslie,
I Thomas H. Bayley, Barksdale, Belcher, Benton, Boyc^, ;
! B'reckinndi'e, liniiges, Brifclow, Brooks, CaiutDcr?, OasMlf, ■
appropriation -   .
but if I had been I should have voted in the
affirmative.
fortificathn bill.
Mr. HAVEN. The Senate has sent in a mes-
sage asking us to send back the fortification bill.
1 think we had better let them have it.
The SPEAKER, if there be no objection the
bill will be sent in.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be
whether the bill indicated shall be sent back to the
Senate.
The question was taken; and the fortification
biH was "ordered to be sent in to thfe Senate.
