1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
Resolution explanatory of an act entitled " An
act for the relief of Abigail Stafford;"
Bill for the relief of Franklin Chase;
Bill making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, and for deepening
the channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan; and
Bill to appropriate money to remove the obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river, below the city of
Savannah, in the State of Georgia.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Webster,
his Private Secretary.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask that the mes-
sage just received from the President may be pre-
sented to the House, and then 1 shall move to have
it laid on the table and printed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the message nhall be read ?
Several Members. What is it about?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 believe it is in reference to the
Ostend conference.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. There are several communi-
cations from the President, which will be read.
The messages were read, two of them transmit-
ting communications from the Secretary of the
Interior, and recommending that the appropria-
tions therein mentioned bemads. Referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication transmitting to the
House of Representatives a report from the Secre-
tary of State, with accompanying documents, in
answer to the resolutions of 30th January and i!3d
of February last.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. It is too late to
refer this matter; and so I move that it be laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
- Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
Tht gentleman from New York [Mr, Wheeler]
objects, but he is not in order, because he did not
rise from his seat.
The Chair did not sustain the point of order.
The question was put on Mr. Bayly's motion;
and it was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE PATAPSCO RIVER.
Mr. MAY. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to go to the consideration of a very
pressing subject—Senate bill 436.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear what it is.
The SPEAKER. It is Senate bill (No. 43G)
for the improvement of the navigation of the Pu-
tapsco river, and to render the port of Baltimore
accessible to the war steamers of the United States.
Objection was made.
Mr. MAY. Then I ask to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up this bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis All«n, Apple-
ton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Benton, Bridges,
Bristow, Brooks, Chandler, Chatham, Chrisman, Clark,
Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Curnming, Dawson, De
Witt, Dunbar, £dinand«, John M. Elliott, Enirlif-h, Eth-
eridge,--Florence, Franklin, Giddmgs, Goodrich. Goodwin,
Green, Greenwood, Harrison, Haven, Henn, Hunt, Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Latham, Lindlej', Lindsiey, Lvon,
Macy, May, Meacham, Middieswarth. Smith Miller,
Nichols, Noble, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker, Pennington, John
Perkins, Phi'hps, Pr.itt, Preston, Reese, Richardson, Rid-
dle, Ruffin, Ru >scli, Seward, Seymour, Shower, Singleton,
Frederick P. Stanton, tlestor L. Stevens, Straub, David
Stuart, John L. Taylor, Tweed, Vatisam, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Ellihu B. Wafhfoume, Well?, John Wentworth,
Westbrook. Witte, and Ilendrick B. Wright—S2.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahercrombie. Belcher, Benson, Bocock,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dick-
inson, JDrum, Eastman, Thomas D. Eliot. Ellison, Farley,
Fuller, Goode, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Harlan, Hendricks, Hibbird, Hiester, Houston,
Howe, Hughes. Daniel T Jones. George W. Jones, Kno\,
Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McNair, Matteson,
Maurice, Mayall, Mtll&on, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Peck, Bi>hop Perkms, Powell, Pringle,
Rogers, Sage,Sapj>, Shannon, Simmons, Skelton, William
Smith, Richard H. Stanton. Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracv, Upham, Walsh, Israel Wash-
burn, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—63.
So the ruloe were not suspended.
THE FOX AND "WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. EiVSTMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to enable me to take from the
Speaker's table Senate resolution No. 48.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is it?
Mr. EASTMAN. It is a resolution recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in order to remove from his mind any doubt
in regard to the construction of a certain bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. EASTMAN. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The resolution was reported as follows:
Senate resolution (No. 48) explanatory of an
act approved August 3, 1854.
The resolution is to the eiFect, that it was the
intent of the act of Congress approved August 3,
1854, that the same should be construed to griveto
the State of Wisconsin, in aid of the improvement
of the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, a quantity of land, equal mile for mile for
its improvement, to that given to Indiana under
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
May 9, 1848.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
The question was taken by tellers; and they
reported—ayes 92, noes 25.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. EASTMAN. 1 demanded the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution 1 have
submitted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then ordered to be read a
third time, and having: been read the third time,
Mr. EASTMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution, which was
seconded, anu the main question ordered to be
put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered} and Mes?(?rst J^mes C.
AtLutf and Si)MUNbe.oN were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 29, noes 95.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 99, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J.uncs C. Allen, Appleton, Thomas FI.
Bayly, Banks, Bclchcr, Benson, Benton, Campbell, Car-
penter. Caruthuia, Chandler, Clark, Conk, Corwm, ('rock-
er, Cullom, Culling, Thoma« Davis, Dawson De Witt,
Dickinnon, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, Kaufman, Ediriands,
Thomas I). Eliot, Etberidg^, Farley, Flagler, Florence,
Franklin, Guiding-, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey,
Harriott, Haven, Ilemi, llii Mrr, llowc, IJu-ihe-., Hunt,
Johnson, Daniel T. l<mes, Roland Jones-, Itii'w, Kurtz,
Lmdley, McCulloch, Macy, Matte--on, Maxwell, Meacham,
Middleswanh, M<rtpan, Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordeeai Oliver, I'urkor, Pennington, Prmgle, Rich-
ardson, Ru-:;ell, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Sn>glet"n,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard U. Stanton, IJe-nor L. Ste-
vens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Uphu'n, W.ide,Ellihu
B. Wasiihurne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Went worth,
Tapnan Wentworth, We tbrook, Wheeler, and Ilendrick
B. Wright—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Barry, Bridge, C?i<?kie, Cha«i-
tam, Cobb, Cot, Craigc, John G. Davi-, DowdHl, Edmund-
son, Fuller, Goode, Grow, Aaron Harlan, tfamp&oji W.
Harris, Hasting.*, Hendricks, Hiltbard, Houston, George W.
Jones, Kent, Leteher, Lilly, Lindslev, Maurice, Smith j
Miller, Mills-m, Murray, Packer, Peck, Bishop Perkins,
Robbms, Ituftin, Shaw, Shower, H'telton, Straub, Trout,
Walsh, Daniel B. Wright, and Zolheo/Fer—\-l.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, E^q., their Secretary,
informing the House that they had passed a res-
olution to fmspend the 17ih joint rule of the two
Houses, and asking the concurrence of the House
therein.
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, (the House ot Representatives concurring) That
the 17th joint rule of the two Housed be suspended tor the
present session.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
seventeenth joint rule:
" No bill or resolution that fhall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall be presented to the
Presidentof ihe United States fur ins approbation on ttie
last day of the session."
The question was then taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Also, a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Ksq , their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed a
bill of the House (No. 569) making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expet ses of the
Government for the year ending the 30 h of June,
1856, and for other purposes, with sundry amend-
ments; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO PAGES, ETC.
Mr. APPLlSTON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer this resolution:
Rcsolued, That the usual extra compensation be paid to
the pngf'S, folders, and such other employees who have
heretoloie rec< tved the same, including the watchmen em-
ployed upon the Capitol extension who have not received
the same, and who have not,and shall not hereafter, receive
the benefits of the joint resoluiion approved July 20, 1854.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. APPLETON. Then I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to introduce the resolution.
The question was pur; and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to offer the following
Amendment:
Rmolvedy That J. M. D. France, who has been acting
as pnjre on the floor of the House ot Representatives dunng
the pies-cut session, since the 5th day of December la«-t, bo
paid ihe same amount of compensation as shall be paid to
the other pages during the same time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have an amendment,
which I think is appropriate here; and I offer it aa
an amendment to this amendment.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to the widow
of Chai let. W. Stewart, late assistant doorket per, the salary
o( said officc from the day of his death to the end of the
present session.
Mr. APPLETON. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was put upon the amendment; and
it was agreed to.
The question P6Ctirred upon the amendment as
amenueu, and being put, it wag agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed
to.
Mr. GREEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF NEWARK HAKBOR.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of Senate bill (No. 530) for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of New-
ark, New Jersey.
The bill, which was read for information, appro-
priates $25,000 for the improvement of Newark
harbor and bay, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was put; and, on adivision, sixty
only voting in the affirmative—
Mr. PENNINGTON. I demand the yeasand
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided-
yeas 85, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Bank':, Benson, Denton, Bris-
tow, fiugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chamber, Clark, Cook, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cumng,
; De Witt, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman. Edmat-ds, Thomas
1 D. Llio% Etheridge, Farley, Flavor, Florence, Franklin,
i Giddm^s Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Harrison. Haven
. JJenn, Ifiester, How, Hughes, Hunt, Roland Jones, IC'sox!
I Lnidley, Lmdsley, Macy. M-uteson, Middle-wanh. Mor-
; can. Nichols, Noble, Mordeeai Oliver. Parker, Pe< kham
| Penmnsjton, Phillip*, Preston, Pmj<:lo, Richard>on, Riddle!
; David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Ru-sell, Sabin, Sa«e tfappa
I Simmons, Hkelion, Frederick P. Stanun, He?t rL. Ste-
| vens, Strauh. Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Tay-
i for, 'j Viler, Upham, Vansaut, Wade, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne,
j Israel Wa-hburn, WelN, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
; worth, Whaler, and Zolhcoffer—85.
i NAYS—Mc srs. James C. AH< n, Thomas H. Bayly,
Barrv, Rpleher, Bocock, Bo\ce,Caskie, Cobb. Crai?e. John
G. D-ivi- Dawson, Dt-ney, Drum,Dunham, Eddv. Ellison,
Goode, Grey, Aaron H.irlan,IIemireks, Hibbard, Houston,
Daniel*!. Jones, Kurtz, L unb, Latham, Lerchor, Lilly,
McCulloch. McQueen, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Million,
Murray, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Ruffin, William
t ftuth, Richard H. Stanton, JohuJ. Taylor, Trout, and
WatsB—4o.
