1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
 r
Seymour, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith,
, Frederick P- Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, IJestar L Ste-
} vens, tftraub, Andrew Stuart, John J Tayior,T' H^r, Trout,
; (Jpb.un, Wade, Walk r, l-ra I Washburn, W'-!N, West-
I brook, VVitt<\ Daniel 13. Wright, ilendrick O.Wright, and
I Zo lie-off. r—110.
i NAYs?—Meser*. Ben«on, Campbell, Cook, Cullom. Dick-
inson, Thomas D. Eliot, Franklin, Grey, Hunt, Knox, Mat-
i u- on, Ma>a!l, Morgan. P  nnington, Preston, Prtngle,
i Ree.-.e,Saiio, Sanp, Elhhu B. IVa^hburne, John Wenttvyrth,
; Tappau YVentworth, aiui Wheelei—23.
| So the House agreed to resolve itself into the
: Commutes of the Wholeon thestate of the Union.
! Mr. MAY. Before the Speaker leaves the
i chair, i would state to the House, by unanimous
| consent, that a bill has just come from the Senate,
J the District judiciary bill, wiih many amendments,
which can only be adjusted at this late hour of the
' session by a committee of conference. Therefore,
I move that the House disagree to the amend-
ments of the Senate, and that a committee of con-
ference be asked on the disagreeing votes between
the two Houses.*
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
S " The House resolved itself into the Committee
j of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hid-
, bard in the chair.)
Mr. HUNT. I move that the committee take
I a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
: [Cries of "No!" "No!"]
I Mr. HUNT. I will modify my motion, so that
; it will read, that the committee take a recess until
' six o'clock this evening:.
Mr. WHEELER. "I hope the motion for six
o'clock will be voted down, and that the commit-
i tee will take a recess until seven o 'clock this even- ;
ing.
Mr. WITTE. I move an amendment to the ^
motion for a recess, to make it read seven o'clock, si
instead of six o'clock. |i
The amendment was agreed to. H
Mr. WHEELER. 1 demand tellers on the |j
motion, as amended.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion, as
i amended, was agreed to.
' Thereupon the committee (at half-past four
o'clock, p. m.) took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At seven o'clock, p. m., the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union resumed its ses-
sion, (Mr. Biebard in thechair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill. They will be reported, and the ques-
tion taken on them in their order.
First amendment of the Senate:
From the following paragraph strike out "$7,500," and
insert in lieu thereof 4' §9,00'':"
" Libruni of Co)izras.—For compensation of Librarian,
three assistant librarians, and messenger, $7,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means informally examined
about forty of these amendments this morning,
and I shall be able to state its action on most of
them, in the fiwt amendment, the committee
recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment;
After the paragraph for priniin;* for the First Session of
the Thirty-Fouith Congress, $ll.>,000, insert the following
pjoviso: _ , . .
Provided, That the printed sheets for the finer description
of books authorized by either liou^e ot Congress shall bp
drv-pres-ed hefoie being bound, whenever, in the opinion
of the Joint 0< «wmtee onFmmng, it is deemed necessary;
tjie cost thereof not to exceed the sum of fitly cents per
ream medium.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concuned in.
Third amendment:
Strike from the following paragraph " $48,342," and in
lieu thereof insert''."SjO 60^
"D parh.icntoj StateFor condensation of the Peere- «
tary of State ami A^istant Secretary of State, clerks, '
me^ens'T, assistant messenger, and laborer.sm his office, ,
II Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
! and Means recommend a concurrence in that Sen- ,
i ate amendment, with nn amendment, as follows: i
!i Strike out "$33,69.!," and in lieu thereof insert
!! 11 £5>),fc>92.'>
[j The amendment was adopted; and then the Sen-
i) ate amendment, as amended) was concurred in.
Not being two thirds, the rules were not sus-
pended
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A rne^a^e was received from the Senate, by :
Anbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notifying
the lioose that that body had passed the naval
appropriation bill with sundry amendments, and
asking its concurrence thtrein.
CIVIL AND ■ IPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOOoTOiS". Tiie civil and diplomatic
bill has been returned to us from the Senate with
one hundred and thirty pages of amendment?. It
is loo late to refer it to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and therefore I move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to move that we go into Com-
mit'eeof the Whole to considers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to make a prop-
osition in reference to the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Alabama. Although I am a very
ardent supporter of the proposition to reduce the
tariff, yet I ftel it my duty, considering the con-
dition of the public business, to move that the
Houtie recede from that tariff amendment, and
reject all the other Senate amendments.
Mr. LETCHER, is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama is the business first in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
suggest to the gentl<-man from Alabama that he
Withhold that motion for the present. By the
votes which have been taken hereto-day, there ha3
been a majority of some twenty-odd upon different
propositions to suspend the rules to take up some
small bills in favor of river and harbor improve-
ments. i hold thatm this late stage of the session
the majority cannot afford to accord to the minor-
ity. We have the power to pass these bills, and
the country exptcts it of us.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We ought
not to pass the civil and diplomatic bill without
knowing what the amendments of the Senate are.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Alabama, touching
the business in ?he House.
Tne SPEAKER. The proposition of the gentle-
man from Alabama is not debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Then I ask for the
question.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask leave to make a single
suggestion, before the motion is put, which will
meet the views of all interests.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. DAWSON. It' is this. There are one
hundred and twenty pages of the Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to* this debate,
unless I can he heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE. We shall not vote with-
out knowing what v/e are voting about.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
pays upon the motion to go into committee, and 1
demand tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Keitt were appointed.
The House was divitled;and the tellers reported
.—ay es 33, noes 88; so the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. HUGHES. Is not the first question on
referring the bill to the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union by unar imous consent.
The question was taken on going into the^Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it was agreed to—yeas 110, nays 23; as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messrs. Atken, C. Allen. Appleton, Ashe,
Banks, Harry. Brie her, Bell, Bocock, i5o>ee, Bris-tow,
Ch mtoerlain, Ohu&tain, Cobb, Corwm, Crocker, Cutting*
John G [>avi«, Dawson, D- Will, Dunov, D'um, Puobar,
Dunham, Eastman. Eddy, Gdm.i ><U, Edmum]so:t, hihson,
Etii.-ii(l"e, Farlev, Fioreiue, Fulkr. Guiding,■ V
Goodiich, Greenwood, Sampson W. llnrri>, Wilrv I.
Il.trri-3, Ii. ndnck-, Ilonn, IlihbarJ, Hill, 1 owe,
Hushes John.-on, lU.uel T. .lone*, Rol.u.d Jones, k< ill,
Ku.- z. Lamb, Lane. Latham, Lek-her. Lewi*. Lilly, Lmds-
ley, McCulloch, MeD.Kig.ilL McQuotm, M icy, Mav, Mid-
dhi-w-trth, Smith Miller, Millson, MorrUon, Murray,
Nichols, Noble. Old.;, Audii-w Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Paiker, Peekham, Phiilip^, Powell, Pur>e«ir,
lUjudy, RicliBKiscm, Robbins,1 Rogers, Ruflii y Russell}
Fourth amendment:
From the following parasratih ftrik'* out the words "an4
the Depar'hjeni of the interior >8 h< rebv authorized toi ave
tlie report of Dr. Evans published '\v jhe prifstr-r of
Mou>e, the expense to b-- paid our of any money in tJie
Tr<*a^ury not oiherwitj appropriated
" For expenses incurred by Dr. John Evans, mgeclnjrteal
exploranoris in Oregon, VVa>hiri£!!on, etc., and for uh eoin-
plrttion of tho-^e expiorat-ons in Washington Territory,and
on Coose Bay, $9^,580. And the F>rpaihnent of the Ii.t*?
rtor n hereby anihor.zed to have the report of Dr Evans
published by the printer of the Hou-'e^the expense to be
paid out of any mouey ni the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
Mr. HOUSTON". The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
From the following paragraph strike out "$9,598," and in
heu thereof insert t;$Ll ,5L7
"For compensation of the Supcrintendentof Public Print-
ing, and the clerks and messenger m his office, §9,598"—
and add the following:
And the Superintendent, and clerks and messenger in
his office, and the librarian and assistants, and messengers
in the library of Congress, shall be eniitlcd to, and shall
receive, the benefit of the joint resolution approved July
20, 1834, fixing the compensation ot the legislative em-
ployees of the Government, in the same manner and to
the same extent as officers of the same grade in the legis-
lative department.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a disagreement in that
amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I do not un-
derstand that the Committee of Ways and Means
have had these amendments reguUrly before them.
1 understand that the House refused to refer them
back to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
referred them to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and they are now before
us, without having gone to any standing com-
mittee; yet here we have the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means announcing what
that committee recommend m reference to amend-
ments of the Senate which they have never offi-
cially considered. Now, sir, this proposition is
right and proper, and the committee ouyht not to
reject it upon the mere recommendation of the
chairman.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had been in his place, aiid heard the remarks
I made upon taking up these amendments, he
would not have made the renmiks he has.
Mr. STANTON. 1 was in my place all the
time, and sm seldom out of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Weil, sir, I think the remarks
were unnecessary. I stated, m the outset, that
these amendmen's had been informally before^the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that we had
come to an opinion upon some forty of them; anil
that if it was the pleasure of this committee, I
would state what was the opinion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. What the gentleman says
docs not in.the slightest degree alter the case. He
says the amendments were before the Committee
of Ways and Means informally. Does that au-
thorize him to make an announcementto us of the
opinion of his committee to control our action ? 1
hold the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has no right to announce what that commit-
tee recommend or do not recommend unless they
have the authority of the House to report. The
Committee of Ways and Means have not had that
authority. Yet here are we to be controlled all
night by the gentleman from Alabama announcing
that the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend thus and so.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is an important
one, and ought to be concurred in. It is todojus-
tice to a meritorious class of the employees of the
lezisiative body, who really labor more assiduously
and for a greater length of time each day than any
other clerks about the Capitol. Tne question is
one for this committee, and not the gemleman
from Alabama to decide, and i hold that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have no more right to
come in here and announce >vhat is their opinion
than the Committee on Printing have to givetheirs.
The Committee on Printing have consider!d the
suhject and agreed that tins amendment ought to
be concurred in. It was recommended by that
committee to the Senate. The amendment was
considered in the Senate, after full consideration,
