1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
ne&.'ee, and Hickman, in the State of Kentucky,
porrs of dtitvet y; and
IVsok ")m explanatory of an act passed 3d
August, 1^54.
The rpr^jon being on Mr. Jones's motion, it
was token; ard the motion was a;; *eed to.
So the rulej were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the
chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama, to the ninth amendment of the Senate,
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am desirous, Mr.
Chairman, of facilitating; the public business. I
do not at ail wish to delay it. But this is a ques-
tion which, I think, the committee ou^ht to ;on-
sider closely, and say, by their votes, whether
they are not willing to pay this compensation to
the Judges of the Supreme Court.
Mr. MAY. Before the gentleman from Ohio
proceeds further in hi* remarks, I wish to say to
him and to the committee, that this subject ot the
compensation of the Judges of the Supreme Court
was well considered by the Judiciary Committee
of this House, and 1 believe we were all agreed,
after a most careful investigation, that the amount
of labor performed by that"bench, entitled them to
this compensation. We all know how faithfully
they perform their duties, and that this compen-
sation is not too high. Besides, we took into
consideration the fact that these men can have no
home, and that they must come here and stay half
the year or more at enormous expense. We con-
sidered, without any division of opinion among
us, that that measure of compensation was the
least that ought to be accorded to them. 1 speak
of the amount proposed by the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 am very glad to
hear the statement of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland, who,as an eminent lawyer, com-
mands the respect of this House, and as a distin-
guished member of the Judiciary Committee,
whose opinions have swayed the action of this
body upon more occasions than one. 1 am not
the advocate of high salaries, but I believe that
the laborer is worthy of his hire, and 1 believe
that we do not pay the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States compensation sufficient
to command the first talent of the country for
that high tribunal. A great many of the most
eminent men of the country would be called to
the bench in the event of vacancies occurring, if
they could be persuaded to accept the position;
but the public places of this country, in my hum-
ble opinion, are getting to be, in many respects,
burdensome and intolerable—as, for example,
the place of United States Senator from a neigh-
boring State, or Representative in Congress from
a neighboring district, on account of the immense
labor0attendant upon the position, and the inade-
quate compensation paid to officials. This ques-
tion of salaries ought, in my judgment, long s'nce
to have undergone the investigation of Congress,
and the pay of members of Congress ought to
have been equalized. The question ot an increase
of compensation to the Judges of the Supreme
Courtis now before us. We now have an opportu-
nity to do them justice, and I ask every intelligent
man upon this floor, if he is not willing to make the
salaries of the Judges of the Supreme Court equal
to those of your A'torney General and Secretary
of the Interior? I know that there is a difference
of opinion upon this subject; but I appeal to the
committee to adhere to the amendment of the Sen-
ate, and vote down the amendment of the Com*
mitree of Ways and Means.
Mr. SK ELTON. I hope that the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means will pre-
vail. The arguments presented by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio amount to this, that while
the salaries of the Judges of the Supreme Court
was only $5,000 
Mr. TAYLOR. Four thousand five hundred
dollars. ,
Mr SICELTON. Are only $4,500, while those
of the Cabinet officers are §8,000. There is a
matenal difference between the position of a Judge
of the Supreme Court, and that of one of the Cab-
inet officers. A Cabinet officer holds his office
only during one Administration, and very fre-
quently not for that length of time. There is not
a gentleman upon this floor who will not say that
the duties of a Cabinet officer are twice as arduous
as those of a Judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Cabinet officers are engaged con-
stantly and unceasingly, while the Judges of the
Supreme Court have their intervals of rest; and in
addition to that, they hold their offices for life.
They receive a salary sufficient for the position
they occupy, and it is a salary which is guaran-
tied to them as long as they live. The very best
talent of the country can be secured to fill places
upon the bench of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, because the places are held for life, and
they are situations of high distinction. The gen-
tleman from Ohio asks, will men of the best talent
accept these high offices? I will answer the gen-
tleman by asking him, if he ever knew an instance
where a vacancy occurred in the office of Judge,
of any individual refusing to accept the place? On
the contrary, I know that those places are sought
for in preference to any other appointments under
the Federal tjovernment. They are more desira-
ble than any other offices in the gift of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and are so considered
by the distinguished men of this country. The
Judges upon the bench have ample means to sup-
port themselves, and they have the situations as
long as th ey live.
The gentleman from Ohio talks about the ardu-
ous nature of the duties of the Judges upon the
bench. I ask if the duties they perform are to be
compared at all in this respect with those performed
by the Cabinet officers? The gentleman says that
he is not in favor of high salaries. 1 would ask if
it is not a well known fact that the gentleman has
uniformly advocated an increase of salaries, when-
ever propositions of that character have been made
in the House? 1 think that we have gone far
enough in this matter of increase of salaries. We
have already multiplied places and increased sal-
aries to such an extent, that the contest in this
country between the two political parties has
become a mere contest for spoils. It is not a con-
test for principle; and 1 think it is high time that
we should put an end to this increase of salaries.
We are about returning to our homes, and we
should not inflict any more evils upon the country
by an increase of salaries.
The question being on Mr. Houston's amend-
ment,
Mr. SKELTON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton and Noble were
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to oppose
the Senate amendment now ?
The CHAIRMAN, it is not. Debate is ex-
hausted upon the amendment. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to move to :
reduce the sum further? i
The CHAIRMAN. It is. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to reducethesum
$500. !j
Mr. ORR. I submit that it is not in order to
move to strike out a sum which has been put in j(
by the committee. j1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the i;
gentleman is right,and that the amendment is not ,
m oider. }i
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object in moving the jj
amendment was only to get an opportunity to say jj
a single word. h
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is i
not in order to move to change the amount tfhich \
has been adopted by a vote of the committee. jj
The question recurred on agreeing to the Senate j;
amendment. j-
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer an
amendment. I do not intend to discuss it, but I j!
should like ro have a vote upon it. It was omitted j;
by the Senate unintentionally. |;
The amendment was read, os follows: \
And ihe sal.irj of ihe iufte« of the orphan^5 court, in the [
Disirictof Columbia, *hall bo §2,01)0. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a point of jj
order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the jj
amendment not in order. {j
The question was then taken on concurring in j!
the Senate amendment, as amended; and it was
decided inrthe affirmative.
Tenth amendment:
Page 50, line twenty-seven, after the word "dollars,"
insert the following:
And tn the settlement of the accounts of the late United
States Attorney, and the late marshal ol the United States
district court of the northern district of California, the
whole or aggregate amount of fees, compensation, and
emoluments, at ihe rates prescribed for said officers sever-
ally m the second, eighth, and ninth sections of an act of
Congress, chapter 86, approved September 28, 1850, shall
be allowed and paid them severally for the services ren-
dered by them respectively prior to the 26th day of Febru-
ary, 1853, as taxed by the judge of said court.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Pagp 51, line eight, after the word lc dollars," add the
fullovvi'g:  
And hereafter tbe annual salaries of the assistant treasu-
rers at Boston and St. Louis shall be $4,000 each.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to reduce the
amount $1,500. My obj^ctin moving the amend-
ment is to say that there is not an officer of this
Government, in my opinion, whose salary ought
to be increased. If there be such a one I do not
know it, and I do not believe such a case exists,
and I want to settle that principle by this vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. Tlie Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. PHELPS. I have but a word to say upon
this amendment. 1 oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina. The assistant
treasurer at St. Louis has, for the last two years,
had, on an average, more than §5,000,000 a year
under his control. By a regulation ot the Secre-
tary of the Treasury—Mr. Guthrie—he is obliged
to keep the accounts of thirty-three disbursing
officers. Daring this period of time he has, to
enable him to conform to that requisition, em-
ployed an old and experienced clerk, and has been
compelled to pay him three hundred dollars a year
out of his own salary. The amount of salary
allowed to the clerk is only &900. The average
daily business of that office exceeds $50s000.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no reference to this
case any more than to any other. My object was
to call the attention of the committee to this mat-
ter of increase of salary, and 1 hope gentlemen
who agree with me will unite and vote down the
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I believe the salary of that
treasurer is inadequate, and ought to be increased,
in consequence of the responsibility attached to
the office.
Mr. CLINGMAN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 59, line thirteen, insert the following :
To enable the Secretary of ihe Treasury to replace lost
hght vessels to mark the dangerous New South tfhoais off
Nantucket, Massachusetts, $30,030.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Waya
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 59£, lin^ fvvemy, insert ihe following:
For the completion ot the custom house at Mobile with
granite lacing in the place of brick, $95,000.
Mr. ROLSBINS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was put, and the Chair declared
the amendment concurred in, whereupon—
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask for a division on that
amendment, and I simply desire to state a fact to
the Houee.
Mr. LETCHER. It is too late.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do notdesireto debate the
amendment, but merely to state that the Commit-
tee on Commerce have recommended it; a com-
mittee of the Senate have recommended it, and
the Committee of Ways and Means of this House
have recommended it.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS- I move to increase the appro-
priation to pM.OOO. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommenda concurrencein theamend-
ment of the Senate. It is for the completion of
