1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itm
The ques'ion then recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and being
ptr, the motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the stateof the Union, (Mr. Hibbakd in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1856.
Forty-fourth amendment:
P'ijre P7, at the end of line twenty-one, insert the follow-
ing wards:
To enable the Committee on Indian Affairs to pay the
amount due G.-oiire 11. II<'rrick for arreais of pay l'or ser-
vices from l t of Apul, lo46,io tho I*t of July, 1819, i<. the
busiri*.'ss of roserv •iionsand yr.uiw, under the fndiau trea-
ties, a* provided, for o jf <?u>rk at $l.40J per aimum, by the
9th of May J 836, entitled Cv Au <ict piovidiiig tor me salaries !
of certain officers therein named for other purposes " i
$1,109 79. i
Mr. ORR. I move to amend that amendment
by adding one dollar. I desne simply to say that i
the papers upon which this amendment was predi-
cated were referred to the Committee on Indian I
Affairs, and they unanimously instructed me to :
report in favor of the claim. I hope the amend-
ment will be concurred in. I withdraw my amend- .
ment. ;
Mr. HARLAN, of Indiana. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting at the end, Lhe follow- !
ing:
Also, the further sum of jCflfJa, the balance of $2,200
directed to be paid to James F ? Iiller, or Pym y oh-t'i-nah,
or ei'her of them, by tin-* Sr-nafc amendment to the treaty
with the Miami Indians, made in August 1854, which shall
be paid out ot anv money in the Tieasury not otherwise
appropriated, as ihersm directed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That has nothing
to do with the subject of the Senate amendment.
I submit that it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair s*o thinks, and
decides the amendment to be out of order.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment; and being taken, it was
concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Page 57, at the end of line twenty one, insert the follow-
ing:
For the payment of clerks tempornri ly employed in the
office of the Postmaster General fiom the 1st of July to the
10th of August, 1854, §33,738.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is for expenses actually
incurred. It is recommended by the Department,
and I have no doubt is necessary to be passed.
Mr. STRATTON. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by adding, at the end thereof, the
following:
Provided, That hereafter appointments made by the heads
of the several Departments shall be given to residents of
States and Territories winch may have the fewest employees
in proportion to population.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is to change
existing law. I submit that it is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. Tne Chair so thinks,and
decides the amendment to be out ot order.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, ,
directed to settle the accounts of Georee P. Marsh, late mm !
ister resident of the United Sta'es to tne Ottoman Pom , for
additional compensation and expenses incurred by him in ;
the performance of special services not pertaining to his '
mission, and at a point different from that to which he was
accredited, in compliance with instructions from the De-
partment of State, and for judicial services rendered by lim 1
under the net of August 11, 1848, entitled "An act to '
cariv in'o effect certain provisions m the treaties between ,
the United States and China and the Ottoman Porte, giving ;
ceitain judicial powers to the ministers and consuls of the 1
United Stales m those countnes;" in settling of winch
accounts the sum of $9,000 shall be allowed as compensa- i
tion for said sei vices in the mis-ion to Greece; and in ,
ascertaining the amount of said expense* the certificate of
the party snail be regarded as suffi< lent, when no vouchers
can be produced; and a further allowance, at the rate of
$1,000 pet annum, shall be nnde to the said Geojge P.
Slarsh for his judicial services during the period ofhi* said
mission to the Ottoman Porte, to be paid out ot any money ,
in th** Treasury not otherwise appropriated. And that the ■
sum of $18,000 be paid to John iS. Pendleton, in full com-
pensation lor his services m the mission in which he was
a^soeiated wuh Mr. Schenek, deducting anything he may 1
heretofore have received as compensation lor the same. ;
Mr. PECKHAM.' I am opposed to that amend- '
ment. 1 believe that, under the law of 1852, Con- 1
gress prohibited the allowance of any additional >
compensation to any officer gf the Government i
for any additional services whose salary exceeds
$2,500 per annum. Now, sir, I understand that
the salary of M r. Marsh was certainly a a much as
that, and I think more.
Mr. WHEELER. His salary was #6,000 per
annum.
Mr. PECKHAM. Yery well. His extraser-
vices were very trifling m that character. He
traveled, I understand, some thirty orforty miles.
His expenses were very trifling, and yet we have
here a claim before Congress for something like
$18,000. I submit that, if we are to pay any sort
ot heed to this act at all, that thisamendment most
certainly should not be concurred in. I can see
no sort of reason for this extra allowance. 1
always endeavor,in my action here, to be notonly
just, but liberal. But I can see no reason for this
allowance upon the ground either of justice or lib-
erality.
Mr, WHEELER. He was only there eighteen
days.
Mr. PECKHAM. The expense he incurred
must have been of a very trifling character. It
has become customary, I know, in regard to these
foreign missions, to add extra allowances upon
very flight grounds. _ I do not think the practice
should be indulged in, and I hope that, in this
instance, the committee will require evidence of
some extraordinary service or expenditures before
they allow this claim.
Mr. LYON. I desire to say one word in reply
to the gentleman who has just spoken. The ser-
vices of Mr. Marsh have been termed of a trifling
character, and it has been said that he traveled ;
only som* thirty miles. If I recollect aright, the
distance from Constantinople to Aihens is two
hundied and twenty-seven miles. Mr. Mareh
went there in a Government vessel He went
there to investigate the claim of Mr. King, and the
differences of opinion that gentleman had with the
Greek Government, and he translated from Greek
into English more than five hundred and ninety
pages of a claim that has been before the Greek
Government and before our Government for some
seven or eight years. It was one of the most
laborious positions that a man could be placed in.
Mr. Marsh did the work himself without hiring a
solitary assistant. He worked there in the most
unhealthy portion of the year.
Mr PECKHAM. How long a time did he
spend in Athens ?
Mr. LYON. He spent eleven months in Athens.
That was precisely the time.
Mr. WHEELER. He has already been paid
$1*001) extra for it.
Mr. PECKHAM. Washe eleven months there
on his official duiies?
Mr. LYON. Yes, sir; he spent eleven months
there on official duty. Mr. Chairman, I am sur-
prised that this objection should come from the
quarter from which it does. Buta few days ago a
bill was passed here giving several thousand dol-
lars to Mr. Sandford for doing nothing—for ser-
vices as charge d'affairs and secretary of legation
at Pans—and the gentleman from New York did
not make a solitary objection to it. Here is a
hard-woiking scholar, who has done much to ele-
vate the standard of the country abroad by show-
ing that he is perfectly familiar wuh the languages
of the nations to which he is accredited, and who
has displayed very extraordinary powers in two
diplomatic stations, and he is to be stricken down
because he brings m a fair, just, and honest claim
for compensation.
Mr. PECKHAM. Where was my worthy col-
league when thatimproperclaim ofMr. Sandford's
went through the House?
Mr. LYON, i was getting a pension for a poor
soldier—arguing his case at the Pension Office. I
hope, if the committee have any love of justice,
that they will concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to decrease the
amount $1,000. My reason for offering that amend-
ment is to enable rne to state to the House that,
by the eighteenth section of the act of Congress
approved August 31, 185*2, it was provided that
no person who held, or should thereafter hold any
office under the Government of the United States,
whose salary or annual compensation should
amount to the sum of §2,500, should receive com-
pensation for discharging the duties of any other
office. Mr. Marsh occupied a position with a
salary of $6,000 per annum, and he wants §9,000
more. Now, unless it can be clearly shown that
he has performed services for the Government that
entitle him to this additional compensation, and
would justify us in violating this law, I am cer-
tainly opposed to the amendment.
Again, sir, wfc have no precedent for it. We
have heard of extra compensation to consuls for
performing judicial duties and discharging the
duties of charges d'affaires, but it must he borne in
mind that their salaries are only $2,000. I am
aware of no case since 1852, in which additional
compensation for extra services has been allowed
to any foreign agent whose salary is over $2,500.
It is because this amendment is in violation of this
law, and not justified by the extra services that
Mr. Marsh has rendered, that I am opposed to it.
A gentleman near me states that he spent only
eighteen days on this special mission.
Mr. LYON. That is a mistake. Mr. Marsh
was at Athens for eleven months.
Mr. EDGERTON. He receives $6,000 per
annum, and now asks $9,000 extra.
Mr. WHEELER. And he has received $1,000
extra compensation already,
Mr. EDGERTON. I now withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to reduce
the amount $1,000. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Marsh
was our representative at the Ottoman Porte, and
in that character received a salary of $6,000 per
annum. 1 understand that, while so situated, he
was called upon by the State Department to per-
j form certain services at Athens. While thus en-
: gaged of course he was not performing his duty
i at the Ottoman Porte. I understand that this
! amendment proposes to give him $9,COO in addi-
| tion to the $1,000 * xtra compensation already re-
I ceived—-making $10,000 for eleven months' work,
in addition to his f-al try of $6,000 per annum.
Mr. -WHEELER. And not only that, but the
gentleman who discharged his duties at Constan-
tinople while he was absent, is here, also, for extra
pay.
Mr. SMITH. Now, I ask the committee, with-
out any feeling of opposition to this man, if they
really intend to give him $16,000 for eleven
months'service? That is the whole question. It
is a mere question of dollars and cents. I have
not a word further to say. I now withdraw my
amendment.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to the appropriation $100;
and I ask that the memorial of Mr. Marsh be read
as part of my speech.
Mr. WALSH. I object; we have heard enough
of this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has a right to have it read as part of his
speech
The memorial was read.
Mr. MEACHAM then withdrew his amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walsh and
Meacham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, not half of a quorum.
So the Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The Committee here rose informally, and the
following bills and joint resolutions were reported
as correctly enrolled; and thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
i An act making appropriations for fortifications
| and other works of defense, and for repairs of
' barracks and quarters for the year ending 30th
June, 1856;
Joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
Joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan; "
Joint resolution for therehefof Joel Henry Dyer;
An act for the relief of Thomas Parker;
An act for the reliefofThomas F. Johnson; and
An act for the relief of Frederick Clark.
The committee resumed its session.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally, and Mr. Dun.
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, a
message was received from the President of the
United States notifying the House that he had
