1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
approved and signed certain bills of a private
character.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the committee of conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing: votes of the
two Houses on the Post Office appiopriatifm bill
are ready to report. It is important that it should
be agreed to, and that the bill should be enrolled.
Theie was no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. The committee of conference,
to whom was referred the disagreeing: votes of the
two Houses upon House bill (No. 594) making
appropriation for the service uf the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1856, respectfully submit the following re-
port, and upon its adoption 1 ask the previous
question.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill <H. R., No. 5U1) making appro-
prmtions lor the service of the Post Office Department,
during tin? fiscal year ending the 30th ot J one, I8o0, have
met, mid, alter lull and tree conteience, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective flonats
as follows:
Thai the Senate recede from their disagieement to the
Hom-e amendment to the third amendment ot the Senate.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement and njjrec
to the House amendment to the «i\th amendment of ihe
Semite. Th.it the Senate recede from thetr dt*agieein*nt
and uj-iee to the amendment of ihe House to the n nth
amendment of the Senate. That the Hoii«e recede fiom its
disagreement to the seventh amendment of the Senate.
Thai the Senate recede from iheir disagreement to the
liou&e amendment to tiie eievenih amendment ot the Sen-
ate.
THOMAS J. RUSK,
J. K. Uli.VJAMIN,
RICH A HI) UKODIIDAD,
Manama s on the j ait of ihe Semite.
CEOUGli S HOUSTON,
J. L DAWSON,
('MAULMS UUADY,
Manager on the part oj the Jloutt.
The report in detail is as follows:
The Senate recede from Us disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the following amend-
ment of the Senate:
For compensation to William M. F. Magrtw, for carry-
in c the mail on route No. 8911, Irom Independence, Mis-
fcouri, to Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, monthly
each way, according to the contract under which said ser-
vice is now being pcrlorimd, the nmi of.* '3G,(J(M per milium,
commencing with the contract aforesaid, and in lieu, of the
compensation tin lein stipulated.
The Mouse amended by striking out the words
" conuact aforesaid," and inserting in lieu thereof
•* 18 h day of August, 1854, and continuing one
year.*'
The House further amended by adding at the
end of the Senate amendment the following:
Prorated, Th:tt the Postmaster Oeneral. with the accent
of tht: counselors, be, and ho i«j hereby, authorized to annul
i>aid contrac t.
Al-o, for compensation of Jaeob Hall, for carrying the
mail on rotih; No. 891-2, from Independence, Missouri, to
Santa Fe, Territory ot New Mexico, monthly each way,
aceouhiig to the contract under which said service is nuiv
being peiformed, the mini of .S"2-2,000 per annum, for one
year from the i«th day of August, 1854: Provided, That
the Postmaster General, with ihe assent of the contractors,
be, and he is hen by, authorized to annul said contract.
The Senate recede from itb disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the following amend-
ment of the Senate:
For compensation to George II. Gidding*, for carrying
the mail on route No. 129U0, fiom Santa Fe, New Mexico,
to San Antonio, T< \a*>, monthly each way, according to
the contract under which said service is now being per I
formi d, ihe sum of r)Q0 per annum, commencing with
the contract alorc^aid, and in lieu of the compensation
therein stipulated.
The House amended by striking out the words
fi contract aforesaid, "and inserting in lieu thereof,
'* 18th day of August, 1854, and continuing: one
year." Also, by adding, at the end of the Senate
amendment, as follows:
Pi otided, That the Postmaster General, with the assent
of the cntraetors, be, and he is hereby, authorized to annul
eaid contract.
And that each contractor engaged, or to be engaged, in
cariymg the mail* through any ot the Territories west of the
ftli^M^ipps, shall iiav« the privilege of occupying stations
at the r?te of not more than one for every twenty mile* of the
route on winch ho carries a mail, and-hal! have a preemp-
tive ri^hi then in, when the same r-hall be brought into mar-
ket, to ihe extent of si.\ bundled and foity acres, to be taken
contiguously ;uid £0 include his improvement, but no t,uch
preein pit v« j ight shajl extend to any pass ui a mountain or
other defile.
The Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House lo the sixth amendment
of the Senate;
The House amended by inserting, after the
word " provided," the following:
That the contract for the said service he advertised by the
Postmaster General lit pursuance of existing laws, ami let
to the lowest bidder. Jfoui pror.uh Jjunhcr, Thai.
And by edding.atthecnd of tlxe Senate amend-
ment, the following;:
Provided further, That the Postmaster General may, if
he thall deem u I r the pubhc interest, contract for said ser
vice with the loweM bidder as atoiesaid under the adver-
tised proposals heretofore made for mail service between
the points aforesaid.
So that the amendment, as amended, would read
as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlndbcit further enacted. That the Postmaster
General he, and he is hereby, authorized to e?iahltsh and
put in operation a semi monthly m-ul, by sea. irom San
Francisco, in the State ot Caliioima. to Olympia in the
Teiritory of Washington, touching at Humboldt bay,Tun-
idad, and Crescent City, in the State of California, Port
Ortord,Oarilinei City, or Unipqua, and Astoria, in the Ter-
ritory ot Oicgon. Shualuater bay, Port Towtis>end, in th# 
Tenitory of Washington, and at .-ueh other points as shall
be designated by the I'o-unaster General: Pronded, That
the contract for ihe taid t-erviee t-hall be advertised by the
Postmaster General, in puiMianee ol exiMing law**, ami let
to the. lowest bidder: Jlnd provided j'ui the j , Th;it the v\ hole
cost ot said m rvicc .-hall not exceed ihe sum of $130,U()0
per annum: Provuie.ifuith r, That the Postmaster Gene-
ral may, if he ^huil d« em it for the public mteiest, contract
for said seivice with the lowe?*f ladder, as aforesaid, under
the advertised proposal* heretofore made for mail service
between the points. alorc*asd.
The House tecedesfrom its disagreement to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, as follows:
Sfo. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tint the risihl to frank
letters and docntnents now ailowi d by law lo the Vice
Pie>ident be cooiinurd to those who have heretofore, or
bhstll liereaft« rhold that ollice, during hie.
The Senate recedes from its eleventh amendment,
which is as follows:
Sko. 8 Aiid he it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and he i- herchj. authou/ed to pay to Cians-
ton Laui ie n rea-onabl#  compensation ior performing ihe
duties ol'two desks in the Post Ollice Department, not to
exceed hall-pay ot a clerk for the tune he was so employed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand from
the report that ihecomrmttee of conference recom-
mend that the Senate recede from ail its amend-
ments except the one conferring the franking priv-
ilege upon the Vice President, and that the House
recede from their disagreement to that.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN demanded the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. GUMMING, it was ordered
that he have leave to withdraw the papers in the
case of Eli Darling from the files of the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, for the purpose of getting
a certificate.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The Committe of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the civil and diplomatic biil.
The forty-seventh amendment was read, as
follows:
For compensation to John P. Rrown, as acting chnral
d'allaire-! at Constantinople, for twelvemonths! ami nine
teen days, brnween ihe .'30th day of July, Ib/.i, and the 31 st
day ot January, ]&54, which ^h.'ill be ui'lull for all demand*
lor such services for the peaod named, $2,116 1-2.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to reduce the
amount one dollai. The lav/ of August31,1852,
provides that where the compensation is over
$2,500, there shall be no additional compensation
wnatever. The same law that included Mr.
Marsh would include Mr. Brown.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Mr. Biown is a
constituent of mine, and 1 would ask the attention
of the committee to the report made by Mr. Ma-
son, July 14, 1854, in the Senate w this case. I
send it up to the Clerk's desk, and a^k the hearing
of the committee while it is lead.
The report was then read, as follows:
" The Committee on Foreign Relation6!,  o whom was re-
ferred the petition of John P." Brown, pnneipal interpreter
of th  Turkish language to the United States legation at
Constantinople, have had the same under consideration,
and report: . . .. .
That the petitioner sets forth in hi« p'tifi^n, that wnue
acting as principal interpreter ol theTiitki*-h lancuaire to
the legation ot ihe United States at Con-tnntmoph-, ho was,
on the 30th July, IMS, accredited by an order of >he Piesi-
dent of thr United States charge d'..ffaireS ad ntterim to the
Ottoman Government, by Mr. Marsh, United fares mm-
i^*er resident in Turk*y; that Iv filled that office in the
ab.-ence of anv other diplomatic agent of ihe United tetatca
ai Constantinople, until tin1 return ot Air Marsh Irom
, Greece on the 5th July, 18.33; that on the 13th Deemner,
i 1853, he wa# again accredited by order of the President of
i the United States, as charge d'affaires ad interim to the
! Ottoman Government, by Mr. Mar-h, on his return to the
1 United States, and continued f«> act as *ueh until the arrival
of Mr. Spcnce, on iln> January; 18-">4; that durinn the
! two period*, above stated, amounting t<> twelve months and
. nineteen days, he p'-rfoi med all the duu<'«. and incum d all
' the e.\penses incumbent on the r- preventative of the Cniu d
Stan*.; and having icceived only the .'ompen-atiun of
principal intcrpieter of the Tuikish language during that
time, he prays that h" may he allowed the difference be-
tween that compensation and the usual allowance of salary
and ontlit to a charge d'affaires.
'• A letter from the Secretary of Stat^, in an.«wor to in-
quiries made by the committee, and dated May 31, 1£M,
(ully sustains the statements of the petition, and add* : 'ft
gives me pleasure to bear witness to the general m< rits and
services of Mr. Brown asaiaith'ul and ♦ fiictent officer.'
" The coinniiuee believe that in thu> ca-e the claimant is
justlv entitled to receivc ihe eoinpensation of a charge
d'affaires during the time he acted in that capacity, less the
amount heretofore received by hun as secretary of legation
for the same period. They do not allow an outfit ' eeause
they are not aware of any precedent tor such allowance
wln re there was a minister accredited at the posr, nor do
they ihnrk the circumstances of the present application rail
for it. They repott a bill in accordance with these views,
and recommend its passage."
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Brown was dragoman
or interpreter of the Turkish language to the em-
bassy at Constantinople. Mr. Marsh was ordered
to Greece upon a special mission,and Mr. Brown
was ordered by the President of the United Sfatea
to act as charge d'affaires ad interim. I presume
that no gentleman will question the power of the
President in the case. The Secretary of State
says that Mr. Brown acted as such charge d'af-
faires ad interim, and he bears testimony to his
faiihful services for the time specified. The com-
mittee of the Senate made a favorable report in
the case, as you will observe from the report which
has just been read in your hearing. I ws>h to
state, in justice to Mr. Brown, that I do not be-
lieve the United States have ever had a more intel-
ligent, faithful, patriotic, and devoted public ser-
vant than Mr. Brown proved himself to be, while
he acted as chnrce d'affaires ad interim. lie dis-
charged his duties to the entire satisfaction of the
Government and the Secretary of State. I ask
the committee if Mr. Brown is not, then, fairly
and justly entitled to the compensation now asked
for.
The question was taken on Mr. Edgerton's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby
is, authorized to allow to George P. Mar-h «uch «um as
shall be reasonable, in order to indemnify him for his
expenses and losses, by reason of his having been ordered
to Grccce.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane to the subject
under consideration, and cannot, for that reason,
be leceived.
Mr.SMITFT,of Virginia. I willonlysay  
Mr. WHEELER. Well, it is unnecessary for
the gentleman to explain it, for we all understand
it, as it has been decided upon, and rejected by
the committee already.
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the point
of order well taken, and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I will offer
another amendment. I move to increase the sum
contained in the amendment five dollars. If the
committee will give me their attention, for a mo-
ment only, I wish to state a few fac*s in relation
to Mr. Marsh. When he went to Greece, Mr.
Brown was charge d 'affaires by appointment. He
does not claim this amount for services as an inter-
preter to that mission. The amount is not extra
compensation, but pay for services actually ren-
dered in that official character. There is proof oT
it, and there is no mistake about the lact. No
man ought to object, because he was in commis-
sion there as a representative of hi« country, and
with the usual allowance of $4,500 a year. I
think myself he ought to be fully indemnified; and
the amendment i offered, and which the Chair
