THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Cokoress. *d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1855.
New Series....No. 74.
in the following manner: $550,000 for the city of New
York; $475,000 tot the city of Philadelphia; £400,000 for
the city ot Boston, and for the city of Baltimore $400,000,
Iho same to be expended under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Postmaster General.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania ia not germane to the Senate appro-
priation for the erection of an hospital.
Mr. W iTTE. 1 will only gay, that in a report
submitted by the Department some time ago, the
sums named in my amendment were suggested as
the sums necessary to carry out the various pur-
poses indicated in it; and from the best inform-
ation the committee which has had this matter
under consideration can obtain from the Depart-
ment of the interior, those amounts are required.
Mr. LETCHER. Is this debate in order after
a question of order is raised ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would inquire if,
in the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, there is any indication of the sites on which
these buildings shall be erected?
Mr. WITTE. None at all.
The CHAIRMAN. This question is not de-
batable. The Chair decides that the amendment
is not in order.
The question was the'n taken upon the Senate
amendment; and it was non-concurred in.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know upon what amendment the com-
mittee just voted? I supposed it was upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania out of
order, and the question was then put upon the
Senate amendment: and it was non-concurred in.
Mr. WITTE. 1 did not so understand it, nor
do I believe the committee understood that the
Chair ruled my amendment out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. As there seems to be a
misunderstanding, at least by two gentlemen, the
question will be put again, if there is no objection.
Several Members objected.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, was here recog-
nized by the Chair, and said: I am happy at last
to have attracted the attention of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order,
Mr. ELIOT. 1 called for a division before the
Chair decided the last question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. I thought I spoke loud enough.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the call for a division. Is there objection to taking
the question ae:ain ?
Mr. BRIDGES and others objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
next amendment.
Seventy-second amendment:
Sec.— Ani be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and convey the
land, with the buildings thereon, belonging to the United
Stares, now occupied as the marine hospital at Chelsea, as
may seem to be most advantageous to the United States;
and he is hereby empowered to execute valid title deeds of
tiie same to the purchasers ; and that the proceeds of such
sales shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. FULLER. 1 move an amendment tothat
amendment. I move to insert $195,000 for the
purpose of completing the building, and I wish the
attention of the committee a moment to my amend-
ment.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
The Senate amendment contains no appropriation
of money, but authorizes only the sale of the lot.
The amendment to add an appropriation of money
is not m order.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to say to the commit-
tee that the present building was erected in 1826,
at a cost of $27,000, out of the seamen's fund. A
site of ten acres was purchased in the town of
Chelsea for the benefit of the seamen. The pres-
ent building is wholly unsuited and inadequate to
74
the accom mod ation and wants of that class of men.
Competent judges say that the property is now
worth $100,000, and moneyed men stand ready to
give that for it. Contiguous to that property the
Government ov/n a tract of seventy-five acres, on
a part of which is the Government naval hospital.
It is proposed to take ten of that seventy-five acres
of land, and upon it erect the marine hospital, and
sell the old hospital ground. The whole outlay
will be $195,000, and the Government will be re-
imbursed $100,000 of that by the sale of the pres-
ent marine hospital and site. New Orleans, New
York, and Boston, are the principal points, and
Boston more especially, where accommodations
for sick and disabled seamen are required. I
have twice visited that hospital at Chelsea, and I
personally know its entire inadequacy. And it is
apparentthat the accommodations there are wholly
unsuitable to the wants of the community. It is a
fact that there is but one marine hospital north of
this, and to show what number are south of it, I
will read 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was adopted, there being, on a
division—ayes 72, noes 44.
Mr. FULLER. I demand tellers on the Senate
amendment, as amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Pringle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred in, the tellers
having reported, ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
Seventy-third amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
contained in the second section of the act entitled u An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government," approved the 17th day of June, 1844,
be required to be carried into effect, in all particulars, any
act in conflict therewith being hereby repealed ; and all
estimates for the compensation of officers of the Govern-
ment, authorized by Jaw to be employed, shall be based
upon the expressed provisions of law, and not upon the
authority of Executive distribution thereof, and the act and
section authorizing the same, with the volume and page
where such authority may be found, shall be cited in each
and all estimates respechvely.
Mr. HOUSTON". From the reading of that
amendment it is evidently a good one, and I hope
that it may be concurred in. It requires estimates
presented to Congress to be printed in strict con-
formity with law.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-fourth amendment:
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be allowed, in heu of the clerks now
authorized to be temporarily employed in the office of the
Third Auditor, in the office of Secretary of the Treasury,
one clerk of class two; in the First Comptroller's office,
one of class two and one of class three ; in the First Aud-
itor's, two of class two and one of class three; m the Third
Auditor's office, twenty of class two and one of class four;
in the Sixth Auditor's office, six of class one and one of
class two ; and in the office of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury : And also the Secretary of War shall be, and he is
hereby, directed to discontinue one clerk in his office of
class two, and be allowed in lieu thereof one of cla<?s four;
in the Adjutant General's office one of class one ; and in
the office of the Topographical Engineers (as draughts-
man) one of class four.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
sec. And be it further enacted. That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and required to credit T. Butler King, late
collector and depositary at San Francisco, in the sum of
$12 824 98, being the amount of money proved to have been
lost' by the destruction of the custom-house building and
vault at San Francisco by the fire of May, 1851.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is a letter upon the
subject, if it is the pleasure of the committee that
it should be read.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, February 27,1855.
Sir : I have the honor to recommend the insertion in the
general appiopnation bill of a clause authorizing the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to credit T. Butler Kmc,
late collector and depositaij at San Francisco, m the sum of
A12.824 98, being the amount of money proved to have been
lost by the destruction « f the custom-house building and
! vault at San Franci-co by the fire of May, 1851.
i Public money in specie to the amount above indicated
1 w« «* totally lo«t i'l tht co'tflasration referred to, and the
i additional 'legislation is neees-ary to enable the accounting
i officers ot the Tieasury to give the late collector the credit
to which he is entitled. The testimony on the subject wiJI
be furnished if desired by the committee.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, Chairman of the Committee on
Finance, United States Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, and paid in the manner now provided by law,
four principal examiners and four assistant examiners of
patents, in addition to the examining force now authorized
by law, to be so employed in the Patent Office ; and should
the necessities of the public service, in the estimation of the
Commissioner of Patents, require any additional examining
force to that herein provided, previous to the next session
of Congress, there may also be appointed, and paid in the
manner now provided by law, m addition to the foregoing,
not exceeding two principal and two assistant examiners,
who shall not so continue to be employed subsequent to the
expiration of said next session of Congress without further
provision of law.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have a single re-
mark to make with regard to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Well, sir, for the
purpose of saying a word, I move to strike out
one of the examiners provided for in the Senate
amendment. I will simply say that this provision
is recommended by the Commissioner of Patents,
who states that these examiners are absolutely
required to transact the business in that office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I ask if the amendment is not
to change the existing law?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. No, sir; it is simply
to increase the number of clerks authorized under
the existing law; and is one of the contingencies
for carrying on the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman ia right,
and I desire to give my testimony in addition to
his, that these examiners are absolutely required.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If there is any doubt
about the fact in the minds of the committee, I
will read the recommendation.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " It is all right."]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Yery well, then, I
will withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
Sec. — dml be it further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses for the year ending June 30, 1853, and
for other purposes," as provided for compensation to cer-
tain subjects of Spain at New Orleans and at Key West,
shall be construed to embrace any losses sustained on the
same occasion by Miehacl Passrirubza, a subject of Austria.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing con-
tained in the act entitled "An act to remodel the diplomatic
and consular system of the United States," passed at the
present session of Congress, shall be so construed as to pro-
hibit the appointment as consul or commercial agent, under
the provisions of said act, of any person who may liave held
such office when said act passed, and who, though not a
citizen of the United States, shall have heretofore resided
therein, and shall have married a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the amendment will
not be concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of ihe Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
C. E. Anderson, late secretary of legation of the United
States, at Pans, the sum of $1,659 72, it being the differ-
ence between the compensation received by him as secre-
tary of legation, and that of char§6 d'affaires, from the fl.et
day of April, to the 29th day of November, 1837, during
which period he acted in the latter capacity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the amendment will
not be concurred in. .
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
from the Clerk that the next amendments are with
the enrolling clerks.
Eighty-third amendment.
are   jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
| of "the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause
: to be constructed the following buildups:
