1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
At Burlington, Vermont, a marine hospital, to cost not
more than §&>,0U0. '
Ar Wilmington, North Carolina, a marine hospital* in- J
eluding a pest-house, for the separate accommodation of ;
patients with contagious and iniecuve diseases, to cost not ;
more than $4'','000. i
Sec.—. Jind be it further enae'ed, That the several  ums •
mentioned in the preceding section a* the cost ot the build-
ings itieiein authorized to be constructed, together with ten
p^r centum thereon, to cover the compensation oi archi-
tects, superintendents, advertiMi.", and the connnsent ex- ,
pei^es, and so much as may be n-quiied to purchase suit-
able sites tor ssud buildings bt>, and ihe same am hereby,
appropriated for the said purposes out of any immevs in the '
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: ProiHeJ, Thai no ,
moncv hereby appM,pi uitfd shall be u*ed and applied tor [
th<* purposes meiui'ined until the State shall also duly re- '
lease and relinquish to thr United States the right to tax or j
in any way as-ess said Mte oi property of the United States !
that may be thereon during the time that the United States 1
shall be or remain the owner thereof. ;
Mr. WITTE. I now offer the following as an
amendment to that amendment:
And that the sum of $1,825,000 be, and is hereby, appro-
priated for the purchase ot sites and the erection oi buildings
for post offices and United States couit rooms, in the cities
'of New York, Philadelphia, Boston, and Baltimore, in die
following manner, $,Vi0,00t) lor the citv of New York,
$47; ,00s) for the city < f Philadelphia, 0b 0N0<!0 for the city of
Hoston, and for the ciiy ol Baltimore, §400.000. The same
to be expended under the direction of the President of the
United Slates, the Secretaty of the li.teuor, and the Post-
master General.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and rules the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. WITTE. I will take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and now, sir, I desire to
state 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to any argu-
ments.
Mr. WITTE. Have I not the right to state the
grounds of my appeal ?
The CH A1RM. AN. The Chair thinks it would
be in the nature of argument and not in order.
The question now being upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair,
Mr. KERR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Witte and
Letcher were appointed.
The question was then taken, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ?n and the tellers reported—ayes 89,
noes 41.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DAVfS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
ot order, and I ask for the reading of the order of
the House, which I send up to the Chair.
The Clerk read the order, as follows:
" Retched, That th#  Speaker he requested to direct the
Sergeant at-Arms and Doorkeeper to keep.tll persona except
members of Congress and the olficers oi the Senate and
lloiii-e from coming within the bar of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. Nuwj sir, the confusion of which
gentlemen complain here this evening, is caused
by the great number of persons within this Halt jj
who are not entitled to be here under that order; [
arid I desire that it shall be enforced. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed ■
that persons not entitled to admission within the r
JTaH are present, and directs the Sergeant-at-Arms I
and the Doorkeeper to enforce the rule of the 1
House, and to enforce it strictly, and to cause the !
immediate departure of persons who are not entitled
to admission, I
The officers of the House thereupon proceeded ,
to obey the order of the Chair, and conducted ;
from the Hall a large number of persons who were !
not entitled to admission. I
The question now being upon concurring in the '
amendment of the Senate, after a few words from
Mr. Asiie, which were wholly inaudible at the :
Department on Lakes Cham plain, Erie, Michigan, and On-
tario, to be applied tor tnau-nals, machinery, tools, and
labor, furnished m panning said boats. ' j
Mr PHILLIPS. I more to amend the amend-j
ment by offering the provisions of a bill, reported ;
by the Committee on Commetce, for working the j
tfredge-boats in different parts of the country. I
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment is not in j
order. '
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair would inquire !
if the amendment which the gentleman offers is a j
bill now pending before the House? j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not offer it as a bill; :
but I offer these printed provisions of a bill as an
amendment to this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks if the
amendment is a bill, or the provisions of a bill, it
is not in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is not a bill, because the
enacting ciause is stricken out. I ask that it be
read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to have the
time of the committee consumed in this matter;
and, therefore, f rise to a point of order. The
amendment of the Senate is a bill which was
offered a few days a^o by the gentleman from New
Yotk, [Mr. Penro\-,] and is now put in by the
Senate, it is merely to supply a deficiency in the
expenses of these dredge-boats, But my colleague
is ofteiing an amendment which proposes to "set
dredge-boats in operation all over the country.
Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir; I desire to state to
my colleague that there is not a provision in the
amendment which 1 offer for the working of a new
dredge-boat. Every one of its provisions is for
working boats now in existence, and for which
appropiiations are made.
Mr. HOUSTON. That makes no difference.
That amendment, ts a portion of the internal im-
provement bill, and it is not tn order in a civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, which is the bill
now before the committee. 1 feel it my duty to
press this point of order.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
For dredging on Lake Champlain, $7,Gi;0;
Tor dredging on Lake Tine,
For dredging on Lake Ontario, $7,^00 ;
For dredtring on Lake Michigan, jJ7,WsO ;
For drcdguuHhe mouths mtheMmUMppi river, $100,000;
For dredging at Mobile, $7 >,01-0 ;
For dredging at Charleston, South Carolina, $05,000 ;
For dredging at Baltimore,
For working the uiiec twin «-nfii  bo.it^ on the Misnis- I
sippi, Ohio, jVi ssoun, and Arkansas livers, $70,000. !
TheCHAlRMAN. TheChairrulestheamend- j
ment to be out of order, it being on a subject dif- I
ferent from the one now before the committee
Mr. PHILLIPS. I
of the Chair.
The question being " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgmcntof the committee?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers werenot ordered.
The committee divided; and the Chair an-
nounced G7 members voting in the affirmative, 54
in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair woa sustained.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment; and being taken, it was concurred in.
Eighty-s-econu amendment:
Add as follows :
Piovukd, That all bullion required by law to be tran-*-
miMPd from ftudoffict: to the, Mint tor coinage shall, if prac-
ticable, be in the form ofretined bar".
Mr. WITTE. 1 am opposed to this amend-
ment, nnd f will briefly .-state the reasons for my
opposition. The existing law provides that all
bullion deposited at the assay office in New York
Mr. WITTE. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that I propose to show that the
bullion deposited in the assay office for coinage
ought not to be parted and refined,there, for the
reason that, as the parent Mint places the stamp
of the United States upon the coin, she alone is
responsible for the standard. If a depositor puts
bullion in the assay office in New York, it is oiily
necessary to assay it there. The committee must
understand it is not essentially necessary to ascer-
tain the value of bullion, that it should be sepa-
rated and refined. The value in determined by the
first process of assaying, and it is stamped accord-
ingly. It will appear perfectly obvious to the,
committee, that the parent Mint will not, and
ou^ht not to be required to place its stamp upon
com unless it has had the entire control of the
preparation of the bullion. Suppose, at the an-
nual assay, it be found that there is a defect or an
error. How is the parent Mint, and how are the
assayers, to go to work and ascertain where the
error was committed? I cannot, for my own part,
ascertain the reason why the amendment in ques-
tion should be placed in the bill. 1 cannot under-
stand what the object can be in so doing-, unless
it m to take an additional step towards the erec-
tion of a full Mint at New York, if that be the
purpose of the gentleman who inserted this amend-
ment in the bill, let it be announced. The Gov-
ernment has already been taxed to the extent of
nearly $750,000 for the establishment of an assay
office in New York, while the entire expense of
building the machinery, and the expenses of every
name and character for the parent Mint, now com-
petent to do the work required in this country,
are less than $250,000.
Mr. CUT! ING. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senate, and I must say that I think
the opposition to it arises rather from the jealousy
of the Philadelphia Mint against the small assay
office of New York, than from any other cause.
That office was created, as expressly declared in
the act, for the purpose of melting, parting, re-
fining, and assaying gold, and whenever theo"wner
of metal to be melted leaves it at the N^w York
office, they give him a receipt for it to be payable
either in bullion or coin. Then the office proceeds
to melt, refine, part, and assay it. When the
office was first established, there -was no dispute-
as to the fact that it was to do more than melt,
but it was to part and refinealso. For six weeks
they continued to do it, but then the Mint at Phil-
adelphia insisted that they could only do so where
bullion was deposited to be run into bars, but if
it was to he run into eoin, then it fhould be
nil- ■   - -er,t
appeal from the decision ! to Philadelphia. The Secretary of the Treasury
decided against this claim on the part of the Mint
at Philadelphia, but during his absence ot Louis-
ville, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury sus-
pended operations at the New York office contrary
to the previous decision of the Secretary rf the
Ireasury. The Senate have again declared what
the provisions of the original law are by .his
; amendment. See the folly of the position assumed
ii by the Mint at. Philadelphia, that where a depos-
;! nor is to receive bullion in pay for gold, the New
!l York office only melts, refine=, and parts, but
i: where he is to receive coin, then he must oHy
,[ melt and assay it at New York, but must send it
j! here to be parted and refined. It isa mere rer'jai
!; criticism of the act, robbing the New York office
! of a part oi its I unction for the purpose of havi
:j one half the job, the finishing up in Pniladelphia"
>, 1 trust the committee will not yield to the smrit
|| manifested on the part of the Philadelphia Mint,
I' in endeavoring to control and undermine the opera-
•,iir ■ , ,, , , " — ;! Uons the assay office in New York We h-ve
intended for coinage shall be assayed only. It j| asked for no Mint there, and donot intendto
p-ives the denosifnrs jKp rurht r >.  • • ^ '« i liueno to ma.te
reporterfe'desk, it was taken; and the amendment C'ves the depositors the ri^ht to choose whether ii any proposition of the kind- hfi'
was agreed to. ., t'nev shall denosit bullion, or whethpr ihov si,ail *■_.   u e.aslc
was agreed to.
Eightieth amendment of the Senate:
That the second section of the act of 31st August, 1P55,
winch provides that ihc clerks, messengers, watchnmn, and I
laborers, employed at an annual salarv.or in temporary
po6iiiuri!  in tin* executive ami h'gi^lauve deparimouN of
the Government in the city ol Washington, whose annual
compensation does not exceed $1,200 sluil, m addition
then to. be allowed an increased compe-is.uion of twenty
p:5/ ceilt , iriiafl he conxtrued to include ihe principal clerk
at tlie x. <ional Ob-erva:ojy at Washington, and that here-
aiur the tsalaiy of baid clerk shall be § I-oOU per annum.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-first amendment of the Senate:
And .$1,696 15 to supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for building four steam dredge-boats, m use by the War
they shall deposit bullion, or whether they shall IS to leave us l e no ver "bat '.h. l
have it assayed and refined, or simply h'ave n jj hshmg °K ^
asfiuyed.
TheCHAlRMAN, (interrupting.) Debate is
not in order on the Senate amendment.
Mr. WITTE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the^word «* coinage." The
committee wili recollect that not very long: since I
stated what would present itself obviously as the
wisdom of the law. When the annual assay is
made at the parent Mint, it is, of course, of the
first imnortance that it should be known
Mr, WHEELER. I insist upon the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania confining his remarks to
the amendment,
assay office gives us, and notencour °-e
he mere verbal criticisms, which are made after
i the manner of small lawyers.
] The question was then taken on Mr. Witte's
I amendment; and it was reiected
j (( Mr. WITTE. ] more to strike out the wo.-d
practicable. I desire to state briefly the vari-
ous processes of an assaying office, and the various
processes of a Mint, in order that the commits
may come to a correct understanding of this ques-
tion. I understand them not as a lawyer, u little
Ol a big lawyer, but t understand the practical
operations of theee offices, and I will state them,
ihe assay office in New York receives the metal,
