1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
and the depositor, when he places it, informs
them whether he will have it returned to him in the
condition of bullion for coin, or whether he will
have it returned merely assayed; in other words,
whether he will have the value stamped upon it,
eo many hundreds of gold or silver, or whether he
will have it parted and refined.
It is important to understand, in this connec-
tion, that it js not necessary to part and refine the
bulhon m order to make it marketable, for the
value is clearly ascertained by the process of as-
saying. The Secretary of the Treasury did, in
the first instance, by the importunities of gentle-
men from New York, make the decision to which
the gentleman has alluded. One of the directors
of the Mint made a complaint to him, and said, if
you permit the assay office in New York toassay,
part, refine, and stamp the bars, and then send
them here to Philadelphia, and compel me to take
them in and coin them, I will resign my position,
and I will not perform the functions of a director
of this Mmt. And why did he make this com-
plaint? Because, as I have already stated, if there
be an error, the directors of theMint want to know
wheie it has been committed.
With regard to the other point made by the !
gentleman from New Yoik, there is nothing re- j
quired now to render that assay office as efficient 1
as an assay office can be rendered. The depos- 1
itor may place his bullion there, may have it as-
sayed, may have its value clearly stamped upon
it, may ship it abroad or use it at home, and it is
as current as coin with the eagle stamped upon it.
But when the office asks for the additional pro-
cesses which make up the standard of the coin,
then the parent Mint, which alone has the right
to place the stamp of the United States upon it,
claims to herself the preparation of her own metal,
because she gives receipts for it.
With regard to the sfatement of the gentleman
from New York, that Philadelphia is jealous of
the assay office in New York, the manner in
which she has managed will prove that she is not
jealous, and she can well afford to draw a com-
parison in which New York suffers immensely.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CUTTING. I desire to direct the attention
of the committee to the language of the original
act establishing an assay office in New York, and
if they do not see, after a careful reading of it,
that it was the intention of Congress to bestow
upon the assay office at New York the power not
only to melt and assay, but to part and refine, I
will give up the case, and yield the point entirely.
And if the committee are satisfied upon this sub-
ject, I ask that they shell not give Pennsylvania
$10,000 for the purpose of paying the freight upon
bullion, and for incidental expenses, but leave the
office in New York to perform its specific duties
prescribed by law. Here is a portion of the law:
" The Secretary ofthe Treasury is hereby authorized and
required to establish in tho cuvof New York an assay office,
for the leceipt, and for the melting, refining, parting, and
a^ayins -ill gold and m) ver bullion, and foreign coin, and for
caMm" file same into bars, ingot*, or di-ks. The assistant
treasurer ofthe United Slates in New York shall be treas-
urer of said assay office, and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall, with the consent and approbation of the President ot
tiie Li nHC'U States, appoint such other officers and clcrks,
and authorize the employment of such assistants, workmen,
and servants, as shall be necessary for the proper conduct
and management of said otfice, and of ihe business penaiu-
ing then to, at such compensation as shall be approved by
the Piesident: Piovidtd, That the s«me shall not exceed j
that allowed for corresponding services under existing laws, :
relating to the Mmt ot the United States and its branches.
That the own r or owners of any gold or silver bullion, in j
dust or otherwise, or of anv fomgn com,bbail be entitled to
deposit the same m the said ofhee, and the treasurer theie-
of shall give a receipt, stating the weight and uescription
thereof, nithe manner, and under regulations which are or
may be provided in like cases of deposit at ihe Mint ot the
United States, with the treasurer thereof. And such bul-
lion shall, without delay, be melted, parted, refined, and
assayed, and the net value thereof, and of all foreign coin
deposited in said office shall be assayed, and the treasurer
ahiil!, thereupon, forthwith nsfeiie Ins certificate of the net j
value thereof, payable in coin of the same metal as that ,
depositf d, either at the ofiiee of the assistant treasurer ot |
the United tales, in New York, oratthe Mint of the Lni- j
ted St.iir-j, at the option of the depo.-itor, to be exprescpd in |
the certificate, which certificates shall be receivable at any" |
time within *ixry dnvs from the date thereof, in payment or i
all debts inie to the United States at the port of New \ ork, |
for thu full s'um therein c riified. Ail gold or silver bullion j
and foreign com deported, melted, parted, refined, or as-
sayed, s aforesaid. >hali, at the option of tho depositor, be
east in the said othcc into bars ingots, or disk*-, either of
pure metal or of stiindard fineness (as the owner may pre
Jei) with a stamp thereon, of such form and device a* shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately
designatingits weight and fineness," &c. * * "AndaU
gold or stiver bullion and foreign coin intended by the de-
positor to be convi rted into the coins of the United States,
shall, ns soon as assayed, and us net value certified as al ov^
provided, be transferred to the Mint of the United StMes,
under such daecuons as shall be made by the Secretat} of
the Treasury, and at the expense ofthe contingent funcl ot*
the Mint, and shall there be coined."
The receipt is given and payable either in coin
or bullion. If payable in coin, at the New York
assay office, the office is directed to send the bars
to the Philadelphia office; but in directing that
the bars shall be sent to Philadephia the provision
simply says the "gold melted and assayed as
aforesaid" shall be sent to Philadelphia. How
melted and assayed? "Why melted, parted, re-
fined, and assayed. I submit to the committee
that it was the intention oP Congress, in passing
that act, that the whole operation of melting and
assaying:, which includes parting and refining,
should be done in New York, and not that it
should be melted and assayed, and then, in acrude
condition, sent to Philadelphia to have the opera-
tion finished. It will cost $50,000 more if this
amendment is rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. Witte's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WITTE. I move to amend by striking
out the word " coin."
Mr. McDOTJG-ALL. I insist, then, that the
gentleman shall be confined to showing the neces-
sity of striking out that word.
Mr. WIT1VE. Then I will move to strike out
the word " refined." Mr. Chairman, this is a very
plain case. My friend from New York has read
the law, and read it truly, i do not dispute that
the office has been established for the purpose of
melting, assaying, refining, and parting. I do not
dispute it. But there is one great point, worthy
of consideration, which he has not touched upon,
and that is, that the question whether the bullion
which is deposited shall be parted, assayed, and
refined, depends upon the depositor, it is for
the depositor to say whether he will have it as-
sayed, parted, and refined. The gentleman from
New York says, 44 will you take from us the
functions which were bestowed upon us by the
act, and prevent us from exercising the duties
which the act intended we should exercise." I
say no. But the act says clearly that that shall
be a question for the depositor to settle. Hear
what the law says:
" And all gold or silver bullion, and foreicn coin intended
by the depositor to be converted into the coins of the United
States shall, as soon as as-sayed, and its net value certified
as above provided, be transferred to the Mint of the United
Siatea."
Now mark the point. It is this: The depositor
i shall have the choice whether he will have it as-
| sayed and parted or not. If he prefers to have it
assayed he can have it done. But the law clearly
and explicitly provides, that if it is deposited for
the purpose of being coined, that then, as soon as
it is assayed according to the provisions of the act,
it shall be transferred to the Mint of the United
States.
Now, sir, Philadelphia does not seek to take
away from the assay office in New York any-
thing to which she is entitled. Philadelphia does
not dispute that that office may refine and part.
But the law says that the question, whether it shall
do so, is a question for the depositor to decide.
The assay office may claim the right to assay,
part, and refine, if the bullion is intended to go to
the parent Mint.
Now, if the committee will look to the amend-
ment, they will find that it provides what the
depositor shall do. There is now nothing in the
law which prevents the depositor from making his
election as to what he will have done with the bul-
lion. The act, as it now exists, contains no pro-
visions except such as are absolutely essential for
the parent Mint. I ask the simple, plain, practi-
cal question, if you were called upon to put upon
a piece of coin a stamp, fixing and establishing the
standard and precise value thereof, would you not
like to know how the value and standard were as-
certained ? Would you not like to know whether
that value had accurately been ascertained ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Witte s
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the Senate amend-
ment,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
, Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Witte and
I Cutting were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 46.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GREENWOOD.. I perceive that .there are
some sixty amendments still to be acted on, and
if we intend to pass the bill at all, I think that we
had better go into the House and close this iive-
minute debate. With that view, I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the amendment of
the Senate to the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of the
following title; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker;
An act making1 appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1856.
SUSPENSION OF FIVE-MINUTE DEBATE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose of submitting
a motion to suspend the rule authorizing the five-
minyte debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the rule was sus-
pended.
The five-minute debate in committee on the bill
indicated was ordered to be closed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
' Eighty-fourth amendment of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States to cause such
measures to be taken as, in his opinion, may be expedient
for providing convenient accommodations, medical assist-
ance, nursery attendance, and supplies for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen of the United Statea who may be at
or near the port of Havana, Cuba, in case the same can be
done with the assentof thcGovernment having jurisdiction
over said port; and for this purpose to establish such regu-
lations and to authorize the employment of such persons
as he may Judge proper; and that for defraying the expenses
thereof, a sum not exceeding §10,000 is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated : Provided, That no buildings shall be erected
or purchased under the provisions of tins section.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fifth amendment:
That the compensation of the collector of eustoms at
Sandusky, Toledo, and Cleveland, be hereafter the same as
is now allowed by law to the collector at Detriol,
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. Jind be i'. further enacted, That the weighers,
gangers, and measurers for the collection district of New
York shall hereafter receive a compensation at the rate of
$2,000 eacli per annum; and inspectors for the said district
shall hereafter receive as compensation a sum not exceed-
ing four dollars per day each for their services.
The amendment was non-concurrud in.
Eighty-seventh amendment:
Sec. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed a consul general, to reside in the British North
American Provinces, with a salary of §4,000 per annum,
and the sum of $4y000 is hereby appropriated for that object.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-eighth amendment:
Sec. . *-2nd be it further enacted* That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint, for the col-
lection district of New York, five weighers and twenty
inspectors in addition to the number heretofore allowed by
law.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
For furnishing the custom-house, poFt office, and United
States court room at Banstor, Maine, $1,500 for each,
makin® S4.500 ; the appropriation for ihe custom-how to
be expended under the direction of ihe Secretary of the
Treaj-ur}, that fur the post office, under the Po*tma?ter
General, and that for the court loom, under the Secretary
of the Inienor.
Mr. WITTE. 1 desire to offer the following
amendment:
