1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
And that the sum of $1,825,000 be, and is hereby, appro-
priated for the purchase of sites and the erection of buildings
for post offices and United States court rooms in the cities
of New York, Philadelphia, Boston, and Baltimore, m the
following manner: $550,00<) for the city of New Yo k;
$475,000 for the city of Philadelphia; $400,000 for the city
of Boston; and for the city of Baltimore $400,000; the same
to be executed under the direction of the President of the
United States, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Post-
master General.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that that amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment ia not in order.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninetieth amendment:
That the provisions of the act of February 26,1853, '< to
regulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerk*, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district-courts of the United
Slates, and for other purposes," are hereby extended to the
Territories of Minnesota, New Mexico, and Utah, as fully,
in all particulars, as they would be had the word " Terri-
tories" been inserted in the sixth line, after the word
" States," and the same had road : " m the several Slates,
and in the Territories of the United States," this clause to
take effect from and after the date ot said act; and the
accounting officers will settle the accounts witiuu us pur-
view accordingly.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-first amendment:
Page 34, after line eight hundred and thirty, insert the
following;
For the construction of a building for a marine hospital
at Cincinnati, Ohio, $75,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
Ninety-second amendment:
Tor the building of a light-house on the Government reser-
vation at Minnesota Point, near the head of Lake Superior,
in the Territory of Minnesota, $15,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-third amendment:
And for the contraction of two light-houses m California,
one at Crescent City and one at Trinity Bay, .*$15,000 each,
should the Secretary of the Treasury decide that said light-
houses were necessary, afier pioper examination and sur-
veys.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-fourth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of July next the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to regulate
and fix the salaries of the respective keepers of light-
houses in such manner as he shall deem just and proper:
Provided, The whole sum allowed shall not exceed an
average of $500 to each keeper.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 call for tellers upon that
amendment. We can get no fair vote from a
division, because gentlemen will not rise in their
places to vote.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That Franklin, in the collec-
tion district of Paso del Norte, Texas, be, and the same is
hereby, made the pori of entry for said district instead of
Prontrru, and the collector shall reside thereat.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to amend that amend-
ment. I move to add the following words:
And that Brunswick, in the State of Georgia, be made a
port of entry.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and decides the amendment to
be out of order.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
Ninety-sixth amendment:
At the end of the paragraph, <c for compensation of the
Commissioner of the General Land Olfice, and the recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant meh&erigt'rs, packers, and laborers, in his ofhee,
$168,186," insert the following:
Piovided, That the difference between the amount paid
to the several principal accountants of the General Land
Qthcyand that contemplated for such service by the act of
July 4,1S&5, reorganizing that office, shall he paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropnated.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninety-seventh amendment:
At the end of the paragraph, " To pay the draughtsman
and clerks employed upon the maps of the public lands for [
the Hou«e ot Representatives and the Committee of Public i
Lands for the balance ot the present fiscal year, $4,000,"
m ert tlx- following:
And the draughtsmen employed on the maps of the pub-
he lands under the chaige of the Clerk of the House of
Ivvpresentauvesj shall be paid the same compensation as>
is paid to the draughtsmen similarly employed under the
direction of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-eighth amendment:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the treaties
made during the present Congress with the Indian tribes,
and those to be made m future, shall be published as the
laws and other treaties in the newspapers of such States
and Territories as the Secretary of the Interior may think
expedient.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-ninth amendment:
That in the settlement of the accounts of E. P. Beale,
late superintendent of Indian affairs in California, the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be authorized to allow
him the amount actually paid by him to an interpreter
during the years 1853 and 1854, upon producing satisfactory
vouchers therefor.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
One hundredth amendment:
Src, —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of $765,
the balance of $2,200, he paid to James F. Miller, and Pyni-
y-oh-te mah, or either of them, by the Senate amendment to
the treaty with the Miami Indians, made in August, 1854,
be, and the same is hereby, directed to be pa«d to the said
Miller and Pym-y-oh te-mah, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HARLAN, of Indiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
McDougall were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
One hundred and first amendment:
To pay this amount for interest due to the Chickasaws
at the rate of five per centum per annum, in pursuance of
the treaty of 1832, on the sum of $112,042 99, improperly
charged to said nation, according to the decision of the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, from 1st Sep-
tember, 1S37, until the 9th March, 1850, $72,960 25.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and second amendment:
For the repairs of the Potomac, navy-yard and upper
bridges, and to refund the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings $3,000, advanced to him by the Corporation of Wash-
ington in 1853, and expended on the Potomac bridge,
$10,000. b '
The amendment was disagreed to.
One hundred and third amendment:
■And, be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized and required to inquire into and ascertain the actual
amount of damages sustained by Comiack and Ramsey
under a contract made with them by Samuel 1). Hubbard,
Postmaster General, on the 15th of February, 1853, for the
transportation of the mails between Vera Cruz and San
Francisco, via Acapulco, &c., and that the amount so as-
certained be paid to said Corm&ck and Ramsey out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers on that
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Pringle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 18; noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
One hundred and fourth amendment:
Strike out  3" and insert in lieu thereof " 4; " so as to
make the clause read:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Utah Ter-
ritory, $4,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and fifth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $15,000 be
appropriated towards the erection and completion of a court-
house m the town of Eveter, in the county of Rockingham
and State of New Hampshire : Provided, That the other
parties in interest in said court house appropriate at least
an equal sum iu t aid purpose : Jir.d provided further, That
the authorities of said county of Rockingham, having con-
trol thereof, execute in writing and deliver to the clerk of
the circuit court of the United States for the district of New
Hampshire a lease or license granting to the courts of the
United States the perpetual use of such court-house for
United States court purposes free of rent or other charge.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now offer, as an amend-
ment to the Ssnate amendment, the proposition
submitted a moment ago by my colleague.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee is
not considering the general bill, but the Senate
amendment thereto 
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. No debate js in order.
Mr. WITTS. I have only a word to say  
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) No debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does the Chair decide the
amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has de-
cided that it is. The Chair would hold that the
amendment is in order as well as other amend-
ments which were not ruled out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. It was ruled out of order
before; but here itisgermane to the amendment.
Mr. WITTE. I rise to a point of order. The
Chair decided this amendment out of order a few
minutes ago, because it was not germane to the
Senate amendment. But here is a provision for a
court-house, and this proposition is also for a court-
house. Now, sir, it is common sense that the
amendment is in order here.
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Ordfr !"]
Mr. WITTE. 1 appeal for a hearing. I have
a right to be heard.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman is not stating
his question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. WHEELER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question being " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee
it was taken; and the decision of the Chair was
not sustained.
Mr. WALSH. Now, let us hear no more of
that.
One hundred and sixth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to
cause to be constructed the following buildings:
At Bristol, Rhode Island, for the accommodation of the
custom-house and post office, a building of brick, with fire-
proof floors, constructed of iron beams and brick work,
iron roof, shutters, sills, &c., twenty five feet by thirty, and
twenty five feet high, to co&t not more than
At Pensaeola, Florida, for the accommodation of the
custom-house, post ofece, and United States court.a build-
ing of like materials, thirty five by fifty feet, and forty feet
high, to cost not more than $35,000 ;
At Cleveland, Ohio, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom-house, post-office, and United States court, a building .
of stone, eighty-five by sixty feet, and sixty feet high, of ,
like floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c.,to cost not more
than $88,000;
At Plattsburg, New York, for the accommodation of the
custom-house, post office, and United States court, a
building of brick, of like floors, roof, beams, shutters, &c.,
forty-five feet by sixty, and forty-eight feet high, to cost not
more than $50,000;
At Alexandria, Virginia, to accommodate the custom- ''
house, post office, and United States court, a building of !
brick, of like floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c , forty five 1
feet by sixty, and forty-eight feet high, to cost not more *
than $50,000;
At Barnstable, Massachusetts, for the accommodation of
the custom-house and post office, a building of hiick, ol hke
floors, beams, roof, shutters, &c.5 forty-five feet hy thirty-
two, and thirty-two feet in height, and to cost not more
than $25,000. !
Andbeit further enacted, That the several sums men-
tioned in the preceding section of this act as the cost of the
buildings therein authorized to be constructed, mother
with ten per centum to cover the compensation of architects,
superintendents,advertising, and other contingent expense®
and so much as may be required to purchase suitable sires 3
for said buildings be, and the same are hereby, appropriated *
tor the purposes aforesaid, out of any money in th  Treasure 1
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That no money here- '
by appropriated shall be used or applied for the purpn.es 1
mentioned until a valid title to the land for the site of .uch 1
buildings m each case shall be vested m the United Sutrs, =
fhl nH'ii! a, .tateJ*ha" als0 du,y release <"><• relinquish to
I .i es the "6ht 'O tax, or in any way assess, said
di™ lb ?'0pe,uty °['h,? lJnited Sta<«s that may be thereon
owner thereof? toe United States shall be or remain the
The question being on the Senate amendment, i
Mr. WADE demanded tellers. i
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rowe and I
Hunt were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 49.
■n®° amendment of the Senate was concurred
One hundred and seventh amendment:
Sec.--. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General he, and he m hereby, authored ami r, qu.red H
to construe th*  act of Congress approved 27th of fniv
for the relief of James Go-gin, la£Special a4n ' f ,hJ
I oat Office Department 111 California, as that he «ba!l bp
paid the same salary for the time he acted aVvuch
as is now paid to Ills successor m office, under the present
^vv and also the amount for office rent and cl?rS hire
we™rnftDoSDS0N demanded ^^rs-,but they
The question waa then taken; and, vpon a
counted! were—ayes twenty-eight, noes not
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and eighth amendment:
