1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
are hereby, authorized and required to credit the secretary
of the treasury of Minnesota, in the settlement of his ac-
counts, with the sum of $885, the amount paid by the said
secretary for collating, indexing, and superintending the
printing of the statutes of said Territory for the years 1849,
1851,1852, and 1853 ; and for arranging, indexing, and m
part reporting the decisions of the supreme court of Baid
Territory, under a joint resolution of the Legislative As-
sembly of said Territory, passed m the year 1853.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and ninth and ene hundred and
tenth amendments:
Page 20, of the printed bill, line four hundred and seventy-
eight, after " New Mexico," insert" whose salary shall be
$4,500," and strike out" $7,000, "and insert in lieu thereof
" $18,500so that the section shall read:
For compensation of the surveyor general of New Mex-
ico, whose salary shall be $4,500, and the clerks m his
office, $18,500.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
One hundred and eleventh amendment:
Page 20, line four hundred and eighty, after" Nebraska,"
insert" whose salary shall be $3,500&o that the section
shall read:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Kansas and
Nebraska, whose salary shall be $3,500, and the clerks in
bis office, $8,300.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twelfth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officer of the Department of the Interior he authorized and
directed to audit and settle the claim of John Random, de-
ceased, a friendly Creek Indian, of the halt blood, for losses
sustained and property destroyed by the hostile Creek In-
diana in the war of 1814, in such manner and upon such
terms as may be just and equitable; the amount, when sa
ascertained, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otn^rwiae appropriated to the heirs and legal represent-
atives of the said John Random: Prorided,Thatlheaiaount
shall not exceed the sum of $5,925.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and thirteenth amendment:
Add. after line seven hundred and thirteen, the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to fix the salaries of such officers and clerks so as not
to pxcend those allowed hy law to like officers and clerks
in the Mint or its branches.
The amendment was agreed to.
One hundred and fourteenth amendment:
Insert, after line one thousand and twenty-four, the fol-
lowing:
For office rfM of the commercial agent at St. Martin,
from the 12th of November, 1852, to the end of the present
fiscal 3'ear, at the rate of $100 pet annum, $263 33, the same
being allowed because of unexpected losses sustained at
said consulate.
The amendment was agreed to.
One hundred and fifteenth amendment:
Page 33, after Jine seven hundred and ninety-four, insert
as follows:
For salary of the circuit judge for California, $4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
One hundred and sixteenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase five
hundred burial sites in the Washington Cemetery for the
interment ot members mf Congress and such public officers
a^ Congress may direct, $5,000 : Provuled, The said sites
shall be as n^ar as practicable to those heretofore purchased
by the United States, and that the money paid therefor shall
be applied to the erection of an iron fence on the north front
of said cemetery.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and seventeenth amendment:
Page 19, after line four hundred and fifty, rnsert:
For the reimbursement of the Patent Office fund for
moneys heretofore paid out, by appropriations of acts of
Congress for deeds, and the collection of agricultural sta-
tistics, $40,078 78, to be paid out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and eighteenth amendment:
For filling up, and draining the grounds in thf vicinity of
the national green-housess known as the " Botanic Gar-
den," and for .walling the creek which passes through the
same, $12,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and nineteenth amendment:
Page 3, after line fifty-ei^ht, insert:
For payment to R. H. Weightman, of New Mexico, for
mileage and compensation for attendance during the second
session of the Thirty-First Congress, $2,465.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twentieth amendment:
Skc. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$25,000 bo, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
the necessary expenses of six companies of volunteers
called into the service of the United States by Brigadier
General Smith in the ritate of Texas, to be paid undsr the
direction of the Secretary of War.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-first amendment:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That when any judge
before whom an appeal from the decision of the commis-
sioner is now, or shall hereafter be pending, shall for any
cause be unable to hear and determine the same with rea-
sonable promptness, the Commissioner of Patents may re-
quire the appellants to select one of the o her judges to
whom the case shall be transferred, and if, within a reason-
able time, to be fixed by the commissioner, 6uch selection
is not made, the appeal shall be dismissed.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-second amendment:
Sec . —. And be it further enacted, That the seventh sec-
tion of the act of 18th January, 1837, entitled "An act
supplementary to an act establishing the Mint and regulating
the coins of the United States," be so amended as to extend
the allowance lor the annual salary of the clerks in the
branch Mint of the United States at New Orleans to $1,800
each, from and after the 1st day of J uly, 1854, at the discre-
tion of the officers authorized by law to appoint, with the
approbation of the President of the United States.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-third amendment:
That the President be authorized to appoint, during the
recess of Congress, to be nominated to the S« nate for con-
firmation at the next session, the register and receiver of
the land office for the Umpqua land district, m the Terri-
tory of Oregon, established by the act of February 17,1855,
to lake effect on the 17th day of May, 1855.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-fourth amendment:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury are hereby
authorized to allow to the Secretary of the Territory of
Nebraska the difference between the salary of the Governor
of said Territory and his salary as Secretary, during the
period he acted as Governor, alter the decease of, and until
the arrival in theTerntory ol the successor of, the lateGov-
ernor Burt, which amount, after being ascertained, is pay-
able out of the appropriation "for salaries of Governor,
three judges, and secretary" of said Territory, as made by
Congress for the fiscal year ending June 30,1855.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-fifth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be authorized, in his discretion, the employment
of temporary clerks by superintendents of Indian affairs,
upon such occasions and for such periods of time as he may
deem necessary to the public service ; for which purpose
there is hereby appropriated the sum of $5,00y.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further cnactcd, That the act of Au-
gust 4, 1854, making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses ot the year ending 30ih June, 1855, is hereby
amended in section six, so as to allow the laborers then
performing messenger duty, m whole or in part, the same
compensation they were entitled to beiore the passage of
said act.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-seventh amendment:
gEC. —. jlnd be it further enacted, That the tenth sec-
tion of the act making appropriations lor the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
approved July 31, 1854, be carried into effect by paying the
valuations ascertained and n;ported by Messrs. Upton and
Summey, and other official assessors, as ordered by the
commissioners under the Cherokee treaty of 1835 and 1836,
with interest on said valuations, respectively, from the date
oi said commissioners' orders for assessment; and that the
Secretary of the Interior be turther directed to fill the blanks
in such awards as are on his files with such amounts,
respectively, as may be established by pioof of value
sati&iaetory to him, and pay the same.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-eighth amendment:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to allow and pay to agents for paying pensions a commission
of three per centum on the amount or' moneys by such agents ;
annually disbursed, and shall be paid out of the fund appro- I
pnated for the payment of revolutionary pensions. Said .
commission shall be m full for all services and contingent ]
expenses of said agency, except for books, printing, and j
stationery : Provided, Tnat the amount of compensation j
allowed to any one agent shall not exceed the sum of j
$1,500. . . |
j$BC. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the above secaon ol this act be, and they are hereby, i
extended to those persons, their heirs or legal represent-
atives, who served as pension agenB prior to the 20th of
February, I8l7, and subsequent to the 20th of April, 1835, ;
when no compensation was provided by law fur such !
services: Ptovided, Such agents were not bankers, corpora- ,
tions, or the agents or officers thereof. J
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-ninth amendment: |
For compensation of those who have been employed to
I nerform the duties of principal examiners and assistant
I examiners of patents m the Patent Office, at salaries paid
> by law for those grades respectively, for the time they shall
1 perform, or shall have performed, these duties, $14,boO,, or ,
so much thereof as may be necessary to be paid out ol tue
Patent Office fund. I
The amendment was non-concurred in. j
One hundred and thirtieth amendment:
For taking up and relaying, and renewing so much as
was washed away, of the sewer along Fifteenth street
west, contiguous to the public grounds south of the Presi-
dent's House, $3,0Q0.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-first amendment:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That the first assist-
ant examiners in the Patent Office shall be rated as of the
fourth class of clerks, and the second assistant examiners,
machinist, and librarian, as of the third class.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-second amendment:
Insert in the following paragraph, after the word " ave-
nue," the words "East Capitol street to Second street:"
"For lighting the President's House, and Capitol, thepub-
Iic grounds around them, and around the Executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, $25,000."
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-third amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
required to settle and adjust the accounts of John Adair,
collector of customs at Astoria, Oregon, upon fair and
equitable principles, taking into consideration the particu-
lar circumstances of the case.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-fourth amendment:
Provided, however, That in all cases where lands have
been or shall hereafter be sold under the act ot*4th August,
1854, to graduate and reduce the price of the public lends
to actual settlers and cultivators, at a higher rate than
authorized by that act, the Secretary of the Interior shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized to direct the receivers of
public money for the proper land district to refund the ex-
cess out of any money in his hands derived from the sales
of public lands; and the periods and principle of graduation
fixed by the instructions of the General Land Office of 30th
October, 1854, shall be, and they are hereby, confirmed.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-fifth amendment:
Sbc. — And be it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to the purveyor general of Washington Territory, and
the officers employed under him, the same amount of com-
penpaaon as is allowed to the surveyor general of New
Mexico and the officers employed under him.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-sixth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That, in accordance
with the memorial of the Menomonee Indians to the Presi-
dent and Congress, dated the 4th of October, 1854, and
executed in general council of the nation, the Secretary of
the Treasury pay to Richard W. Thompson, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, one half
of the" amount stipulated in said memorial,and in an agree-
ment of said Indians with said Thompson, dated the 15th of
February, 1851, for his services as attorney for said Indians
in the prosecution of a claim in their behalf for additional
compensation for lands ceded by them to the United States
by the treaty of 3848; and that the sum so paid be deducted
from the annuities, when due and payable, that are to be
paid to the said Indians under the treaty of the 12th of May,
1854, and the amendments thereto.
Mr. ORR. X move to amend by adding as
follows:
Provided, That the same shall be paid with the consent
of the Menomonee Indians.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Such consent is now in
writing and on file.
Mr. ORR. I prefer to have it in the act.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-seventh amendment:
After the paragraph, " for compensation of the warden,
clerk, physician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
porter, of the penitentiary of the District of Columbia,
$11,229 31," insert the following:
And the annual compensation of the chaplain of the pen-
itentiary shall be $500, to commence from the present fiscal
year.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and thirty-eighth amendment:
That the fees and compensation allowed to the marshals
, of the United States in the respective districts shall here-
i after be tho same which may be allowed to the sheriffs under
] th«; Sta-e laws for simitar services: Provided, This shall
j not be construed to diminish the present fees allowed.
I The amendment was non-concurred in.
! One hundred and thirty-ninth amendment:
' For rebuilding and repairs of the building for the branch
i Mint at New Orleans, $55,000.
I Mr. HOUSTON. Here is a letter which will
show the necensity for the appropriation, if the
; committee will hear it read.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " All right."]
The amendment was concurred in.
1 One hundred and fortieth amendment:
For the erection of a building for a court-house, post
office, and other public purposes, at Indianapolis, Indiana,
. $50,m
