1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand tellers upon
concurring in that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Washburne, of Illinois, were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-one; a further count not
having been demanded.
So the amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-first amendment:
For completing, inclosing, and furnishing the marine
hospital at Evaneville, Indiana, §10,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
One hundred and forty-second amendment:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to enable the
President of the United States to contract with Hiram
Powers for some work of art, executed, or to be executed
by him, and suitable for the ornament of the Capitol, a sum
not exceeding $25,000.
Mr. EDOERTON. I hope the House will not
concur in that amendment. There is something
in it more than appears upon its face. It is to
make a contract for somebody else> Powers will
not take a contract.
A Member. Yes, he will.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty«third amendment:
For the increased pay of Indian agents, and pay of addi-
tional anents authorized by the act passed the 1st ofMarch.
1855, $6,375.
Mr. ORR. I have an amendment which I desire
to offer at this point. I do not know that it is
strictly in order to that of the Senate, but it is re-
quired by treaties with the Indians ratified by the
Senate to-day. I hope no question of order will
be raised on it. 1 move to add, at the end of the
amendment of the Senate, the following:
For Ailfllhng treaty with the Chippewa Indians, nego-
tiated February 23d, 1835, $197,286 66.
For fulfilling treaties with the Winnebagoes, per articles
of 27th February, lti.r> >, $7J,"0U.
For fulfilling the articles with the tJmpquns, Calapoorias
of the Umpqua Valley, Oiegon, of the 29th November,
1854,$23,98U.
Foriultilhng the articles negotiated November 18, 1854,
with certain bands of Shasta, Scoton, and Uinpqua In-
dians, $35,780.
For fulfilling treaties with the Rogue River Indians, per
articles of 15th November, 1854, $3,150,
For fulfilling the ni tides negotiated December 26, 1854,
With certain bands of Indians of Puget's Sound, Washing-
ton Territory, $16,500.
For fulfilling the articles negotiated January 10, 1855,
with certain confederated bands of Calapooria, Molala, and
Chackamas Indians of Oregon, $62,260.
The amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment, as amended; and being
taken, it was carried in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fourth amendment:
For the increase of pay to Indian bub agents, authorized
by the act passed March'l, IM5, $1,334.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-fifth amendment:
For pay of three Indian agents in California, per act
of 28th September, 1850, and act passed March 1, 1855,
$12,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-sixth amendment:
For expense of reconnoissance of the boundary line be-
tween the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, $1,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-seventh amendment:
For fulfilling treaty with the Wyandot Indians of 31st
January, 1855: Provided, That the appropriations made for
said Indians by the Indian appropriation bill passed at this
session of Congres6 are hereby repealed, $128,566 67.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-eighth amendment:
For arrearages due the Choctaw Indians under various
treaty stipulations, ns per report and statement of the proppr
accounting officers of the Treasury, transmitted by the
Secretary of the IntcuorM answer to a resolution of the
Senate of 10th March, 185J, to be paid over, or expended,
for the benefit of the Choctaw Nation as may be requested
by the authorized delegation thereof now in Washington,
$92,258 50.
The amendment was concurred in.
One hundred and forty-ninth and last amend-
ment:
Strike out sections four, five, six, seven, and eight,
(being the provisions m relation to the tariff.)
Mr. ORR. I ask that the question on that
amendment may be taken by tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Virginia, and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 95, noes 55.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wehavcnowgot
through with all the amendments of the Senate.
I move that the committee rise and report its
action to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state to the
committee, if I can be heard for a moment 
Mr. WALSIi. I call the gentleman to order.
No debate is in order.
Mr. SMITH. 1 am perfectly in order. I am
not submitting: any argument. A provision has
been omitted. The committee will remember that
we adopted an amendment in reference to Mr.
Schenck. ft was supposed that the provision for
the benefit of Mr. Pendleton was in connection
with that. But in some way it got connected with
Mr. Marsh's claim, which was rejected. I call
attention to the fact in order that we may act upon
it now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is too late to go
back now.
Mr. SMITH. The point I raise is, that that
amendment has not been acted on at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the committee cannot go back now.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the committee cannot go back to the consideration
of the proposition referred to by the gentleman
from Virginia if objection be made.
[Loud cries of " Object!"]
Mr. SMITH. Allow me to state my point.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable.
Mr. SMITH. I have a right to state my point.
I say that the proposition in reference to an allow-
ance to Mr. Pendleton has been overlooked, and
has never been acted upon, and I now claim that
it shall be acted on.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume that the clerks
have read all the amendments that have be?n sent
to us by the Senate, and if the Senate have omitted
to send in the amendment referred to by the gen-
tleman, we have no jurisdiction over it and can-
not touch it.
Mr. SMITH. But it is here.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand that it
is here at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is here, and has
been read and acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair proposes, if
there be an amendment reported to the bill which
has not been acted upon, to take it up and have
I it acted on.
Mr. RITCHIE, ofPennsylvania. The amend-
ment has been read.
Mr. SMITH, i shall make no further difficulty
about it. I have sufficiently vindicated the char-
acter of the proceedings to go before the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a privileged
question. I addressed the Chair and was recog-
nized before the amendments were finally disposed
of. I now submit the following proposition, and
if the Chair rules it out of order I will take an
appeal;
Provtd'd, That none of the money hereby appropriated
shall he derived fiom any duty on foreign coal, the same
being hereby repealed so a3 to be admitted duty free.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that no
amendment is in order, the committee having fin-
ished the Senate amendments.
Mr. WALBRIDGE- 1 take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I want to make a
statement 
[Cries of " Order !" " No statement!"]
The question being "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?5'
it was taken*, and the decision of the Chair was
sustained.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, and being put, it was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Haven* having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, the Chairman of the committee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the Sen-
ate amendments to House bill (No. 569) making
appropriations fbr the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1856, and for other purposes, and had
directed htm to report back the same, with a rec-
ommendation that the House disagree to some of
the amendments, that it agree to others, and that
it agree to others with amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the previous ques-
tion on these amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama yield me the floor to offer a resolution?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
VOTE OP THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are eminently
due, and are hereby presented, to ihe Hon Linn Boyd, for
the able, impartial, and dignified manner in which ho has
discharged tiie duties of Speaker during the present Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Haven in the chair,] in pre-
paring the resolution which I have now the honor
to offer, I confined myself to the most simple form
of expression that precedent would warrant, be-
cause I felt that if the formality of a resolution
of thanks was all that was to be offered, the less
elaborate the more safe would be the effort; and
if the spirit of grateful recognition of important
duties ably performed was to be manifested, that
spirit would redeem the simplest expression from
the character of mere formality.
It has been my good fortune to sit for six ses-
sions of Congress with Mr. Boyd, and though on
many points of national policy we hold opposing
opinions, yet the courtesy of his bearing has been
so attractive, and the strength of his conviction so
evident, that he commanded the respect of those
with whom he most earnestly contended.
Butitis of the merits of Mr. Boyd as Speaker of
his House, that we are now by this resolution to
offer an opinion. The Speakership of this body
is an office of much mental and physical labor, and
often the duties are painful and embarrassing.
That labor, sir, has been constantly, ably, arid
faithfully, performed by Mr. Boyd, in health and
even in sickness. A legislative body formed as
this, and representing those active principles which
mark our institutions, and make them, indeed  is
not likely to sink into inertness,or to need sugges-
tions for animation. The warmth of debate and
the earnestness for results which sometimes tres-
pass on the limits of order, seem to be a part of the
necessary inconvenience of the youih and vigor of
our nation. They call for some forbearance; they
render necessary, on the part of the presiding offi-
cer, much effort to limit, direct, or restrain them.
These, sir, are the scenes most trying to the
powers, mental and physical, of a Speaker, and
in the discharge of this branch of his duties Mr.
Boyd has acquitted himself with the forbearance
which circumstances warrant, and with the de-
cision required by the character and self-respect
of the House. Admonishing all, without wound-
ing the feelings of those whose warmth of tem-
perate or special zeal may have lead them, for a
moment, to forget the proprieties of the place.
But, sir, there are times when the duties of the
Chair call for more than even mental and physical
sacrifice—more than the mere preservation of pro-
prieties and the direction of the order of debate;
times when public sentiment is aroused abroad
toward an important measure before the popular
branch of Congress, and past legislation is to be
disturbed, and future interests to be effected.
Such an occasion presented itself at the first ses-
sion of the present Congress; and it is not too
much to say that, at that hour of extraordinary
sensitiveness, the whole peace and usefulness of
this body depended on the possession and exer-
cise of high moral qualities in the presiding officer— .
honesty of purpose and lofty independence of
aim, and with a full knowledge of the rules of the
body, and an entire impartiality in administering*
them. At such a time, when advantages seemed to
depend less upon the letter of the law than upon a
favorable construction of its provisions, every eye
was turned towards the Chair with jealous scru-
tiny. And it was a beautiful and a hopeful sign to
see, above the storm of feeling and violent agita-
tion, the presiding mind of the Speaker settling
each question of order, upon which some party ad-
vantage rested, so calmly and so justly that satis-
faction at once followed decision.
Mr. Speaker, there are men on the floor conver-
