1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
eant with parliamentary laws and customs; they
felt and admitted the purity and justice of those
decisions.
That, sir, was an evidence of high ability, that
a proof of entire impartiality—and those make the
dignity of the office of Speaker. .
In offering these reasons for thanks to the
Speaker 1 comply with the wishes of many friends
on both sides of the House, and I utter, I doubt
not, the general sentiment of this body; and 1 feel
that all will cordially join in the vote.
1 know, Mr. Speaker, that! am occupying the
valuable minutes of the closeof ihe session. They
are the most valuable, and, therefore, sir, I use
them—that the offering which I am now making,
in behalf of the House, to its able and faithful
head, may be considerable from the value of the
time in which it is received, as well as from the
sincerity with which it is presented.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Speaker, I will not make
harsh comment on the studied eulogium ofa friend;
but my self-respect, my love of truth, and my
sense of public duty, oblige me to declare that I
cannot approve a resolution affirming that tha
presiding oflicer of this House, Mr. Linn Boyd,
has conducted himself with impartiality and dig-
nity throughout his official career. I will, there-
fore, be compelled painfully to vote against the
resolution.
Mr. WALLEY. I regret extremely, that I
was called out just before this resolution was pre-
sented to the tlouee, and I cannot now permit the
question to be taken without adding one word in
support of the sentimenis which have been already
expressed by my friend from Pennsylvania, who
offered it. I know something by experience what
are the trials of a presiding officer, not of this body
but of one somewhat like it. 1 know what it is to
be embarrassed, perplexed, and overwhelmed in
such a position, when a man has within him a
conscience void of offense, and when he is determ-
ined to do right. I know that however much
he may be determined to do right, it is not always
in his power. Hold the scales as evenly as he may,
poise them as justly as he may, to convince friends
and foes that he is right he must satisfy him-
self, and then he may leave the judgment of the
■world to be as it may. During the short period
that I have had the honor of a seat upon this floor,
1 have carefully observed, not only the delibera-
tions of this House, but the acts and doings of its
presiding officer, and 1 am happy to say, and I do
it heartily and cheerfully, that i have not seen any-
thing which has led me to believe that the presid-
ing officer has ever been actuated by anything
but a desire to do what was light, and to do that
which would satisfy every honest man of the hon-
esty of his purpose and the sincerity of his inten-
tions. I do not say, that he may not have made
mistakes. It is the part of man to err, but I do
say, that [ believe it has been his intention, and I
think that he has been very fortunate in every case
in carrying out his intention, to conduct, the busi-
ness of this House faiily anJ impartially, and in
such a manner as to secure for himself the respect
and confidence of all. I should be happy were 1
in his place, whatever might be the judgment of
this House and of my peers, to carry away from
any scene like this, so upright a conscience as I
beheve Mr. Boyd can bear with him when he
leaves that chair.
Mr. CASKIE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
word, and only a woid. That much I feci I must
say. At the close of the last Congress, I voted
against a resolution of thanks to our Speaker, and
publicly indicated my opposition in a few remarks.
I mean now, with equal publicity, to mark my
altered estimate of him. I never doubted his in-
tegrity; and I have corns to believe that the objec-
tions to him as a presiding officer which prompted
the vote to which I have alluded, were traceable
rather to my own inexperience and want of famil-
iarity with the difficulties and necessities of his
position, than to anything in him. Under these
circumstances, it is with very especial cordiality
and pleasure, that 1 unite in the tribute which, as
Speaker of the present Oongi ess, he, in my judg-
ment, so eminently merits, and whieh is so appro-
priately rendered in the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KERR. I merely desire to say that !
came to this Congress with stronger prejudice
against the Speaker of this Ilouee than I ever per-
mitted myself to entertain against any man in my
life. I had long known him as a strong partisan,
and I confess to you that there was no public man
against whom I had stronger antipathies than
against Linn Boyd, of Kentucky. I took no part
in his election when he was elected Speaker of this
House, save that I voted against him. I have
been a calm observer of his conduct throughout
the last and the present session, amid the most
trying scenes, and I never expected to see him
exhibit the firmness and impartiality which he
has shown upon all occasions, and which would
do honor to any man, and all the prejudice which
I entertained against him when I came here
yielded to a sentiment of profound respect for what
I believed to be the purity of motive by which he
was always guided, and the uprightness which
characterized every decision which he has made
while in that chair. I have never seen a public
officer in whose motives or conauct I had more
reason to confide, and I rejoice to have it in my
power, thus publicly speaking as 1 do from the
fullness of my heart, to bear my humble testimony
to the purity of his motives and his firmness of
character m the discharge of his duties as a pub-
lic officer.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to make but a
single remark. When this Congress convened,
and it became necessary to designate, by the re-
spective parties, candidates to be supported for
the position of Speaker of this House, it was not
within my power to be present. I gave expression
to my feelings, however, by a dispatch from the
city of New York, designating the distinguished
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] per-
sonally unknown to me then, as my choice for
Speaker. Mr. Boyd was elected, however, and I
have seen nothing since I have been a member
here to detract from his justly-earned reputation;
and I can bear the most ample testimony to the
impartiality, firmness, and correctness which have
marked his decisions in the discharge of his duties.
The question was then taken on the resolution;
and it was adopted.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
An act organizing the institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of
Columbia, in the said District;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1856;
An act to continue the pensiog.,of Frances E-
Baden;
An act to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Kansas;
An act for the relief of Stephen Lutz, of New
York;
An act for the relief of Thomas E. Ramsey and
Ananias Richatdson, and James McLaughlin;
An act to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Nebraska;
Joint resolution for the relief of George W.
McCerren; and
An act continuing the pension of Joseph Mc-
Cormick.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary,informing
the House that the Senate had passed a resolution '
and bills of the following titles, severally without
amendment:
An net for the construction of certain military
roads in the Territory of Kansas;
Joint resolution makingan appropriation for the
purchase of territorial libraries; and
Also, sundry private bills.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL AGAIN,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Haven.)
j1 The previous question has been demanded by the
1 gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] upon
I' the Senate amendment to the civil and diplomatic
i hill.
! The previous question was seconded, and the ■
main questinr vas ordered to be now put. h
I: Mr.'BRECKINRIDGE. 1 want to make to the ;j
i House this general proposition in regard to the jj
;i matter nowbefore i',thnt the House concur in the* !|
j; report made from the Committee of the W hole on Jj
ii the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
course; and I would propose this, that we take a
vote first upon concurring in the report of the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union
as to all those amendments of the Senate to which
the Committee of the Whole recommend a dis-
agreement, and then that we take a vote upon the
amendments adopted by the committee to the Sen-
ate's amendments, and then upon the amendments
in which we propose to concur.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is it competent for the
House to decide, by a majority vote, whether they
will agree to the proposition made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky?
Mr. JONES. It is not, nor to my proposition
either.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is very desirable
that a committee of conference should be appointed
on the bill as soon as possible; and I will make
another suggestion, and it is that the House, by
unanimous consent, concur in the action of the
Committee of the Whole upon the amendments of
the Senate, in regard to which we disagreed with
the Senate, and then a committee of conference
can be appointed, and take those amendments
under consideration, while the House, at the same
time, can go on and act upon the other amend-
ments at their leisure.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. 1
desire to have a separate vote - taken upon the
amendment which increases the salaries of the as-
sistant treasurer at St. Louis and Boston, and I
hope the House will allow it.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I want a
separate vote upon the tariff.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The tariff amend-
ment is not embraced in my proposition, because
the Committee of the Whole recommend an agree-
ment with the action of the Senate thereon. My
motion was that the House concur in the action of
the Committee of the Whole as to those amend-
ments to which we have disagreed.
The SPEAKER. Will the House allow the
Chair to make a suggestion ? There seems to be
a general call, from various parts of the House,
that there should be a separate vote upon one or
two amendments, one of which is the tariff amend-
ment. That being so, perhaps it is the sense of
the House that that amendment should be sepa-
rated from the others, and then to adopt the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BRIDGES. I suggest that the water-
works amendment should also be separated.
Mr. VANSANT. I want a separate vote upon
the balance of the amendments. I object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. DAWSON. And I give notice^that if a
special and separate vote is required on the tariff
amendment, there are other gentlemen in this
House who will insist upon a separate vote upon
each and every amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think gentlemen
are proceeding under a misapprehension of my
proposition. I understand the Committee of the
Whole agreed with the Senate m their action upon
the tariff amendment, and that was to strike it out.
My motion does not embrace the tariff; and hence,
if you adopt my proposition, you will have a sep-
arate vote in the House upon that amendment.
The motion s mply embraces all those amend-
ments as to which the committee disagreed with
the Senate, and you ought to have a committee of
conference now acting upon them,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
gentleman from Kentucky that we cannot appoint
a committee of conference, or ask it of the Senate,
until we shall have disposed of all these amend-
ments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I want to make one in-
quiry of the gentleman from Kentucky. How is
the committee of conference to know, if it is ap-
pointed and goes out, whether we concur or non-
concur in the balance?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will answer the
gentleman. Everybody must know that it wiil
take the committee of conference two or three
hours to act upon the amendments to which we
ha'.e disagreed, and in the mean time the House
will have acted upon tl.e others, and the action
wilt be reported to them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the character of the
committee of conference proposed to beappointed,
misrht depend very much upon the character of the
matter which is to go before them, and that can-
