1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
not be determined until the House has acted upon
ail the amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say one word to
the gentleman from Ohio. If we agree to the
proposition, made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, it will expedite the public business very
much. There are many amendments, probably
sixty or seventy, to which the committee have
disagreed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
say to the House that if some of the proposi-
tions which have been suggested are not adopted
within a reasonable time, he will decide all debate
and suggestions outof order,and have theamend-
ments taken up and acted on seriatim.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. Let
me make a single suggestion. Why cannot gen-
tlemen who desire separate votes on amendments
name them, and then let us vote on the rest in a
body ? There are but one or two upon which gen-
tlemen desire a separate vote.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. WALSH. No, I object. Go on with the
amendments.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of allowing us to dispose
of these amendments by one vote.
Mr. WALSH. That cannot be done for the
reason that the call for the previous question has
been seconded, and the main question has been
ordered to be now put. All this debate is out of
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to say again to those gentlemen who are anx-
ious to have a separate vote on the tariff amend-
ment, the water-works 
-Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And other things.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. And other things;
that we agree to all the rest. My motion does
not embrace the tariff, or the water-works.
Mr. WALSH. I-insist on the Clerk proceed-
ing to read the amendments.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to all
propositions suggested, ana the Clerk will proceed
to read the amendments.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would suggest, for the
purpose of facilitating the business, that the form
of putting the question to the House be dispensed
with, unless it be demanded by gentlemen.
Mr. WALSH. Provided that the action of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Kp ptq ♦ JafI
Mr. PHILLIPS. Very well, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Chair will pursue the course suggested.
[Cries of " I object!"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suggest that the
Clerk classify the amendments, reading those first
which have been disagreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I" object, and insist on the
Chair proceeding in the'usual manner. More
time is lost in these suggestions than need be.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk wilt now read
the amendments, and action will be taken on them
seriatim.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was only questioned on the
amendments which will follow. The report of the
committee in reference to the others was adopted.
The third Senate amendment was to strike out
from the following paragraph "$48,342," and in
lieu thereof to insert "$52,692:"
" For compensation of the Secretary of State, and assist-
and Secretary of State, clerk*, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborers in his office, .$43,342."
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union amended by substituting " $50,892" for
"$52,692."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee have over-
ruled that amendment in another part of the bill,
.and I think that it had better be rejected.
The amendment was rejected. The Senate
amendment was concurred in.
The eleventh amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
Page 51, line eight, after the word " dollars, " insert the
following words:
And hereafter the annual salaries of the assistant treas-
urers at Boston and St. Louis shall be $4,000 each.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand tellers upon con-
curring in the report of the Committee of the
Whole in relation to that amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Letcher and
Pratt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noe3 72.
So the report of the committee was non-con-
curredin;and theSenatearnendmentconcurred in.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I again
ask the unanimous consent of the House to allow
us to vote en masse upon all those amendments of
the Senate to which we have disagreed.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That would not in-
clude the tariff question.
Mr. CRAIGE. I insist on my objection.
Mr. BRECKINRIDOE. Then, objection being
made, 1 move to suspend the rules for the purpose
I have indicated.
Mr. WALSH. You cannot do that. We are
acting under the previous question.
Mr. DUNHAM. The main question having
been ordered the motion of the gentleman is not
in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Why, that rule will
be suspended along with the rest.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The gentleman can accom-
Elish his purpose by moving to reconsider the vote
y which the main question was ordered to be put.
A majority can do that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think my motion
is in order, because, if the rules are suspended,
the rule which would prevent my motion from
being made after the main question has been or-
dered will, of course, be suspended.
Mr. DUNHAM. But the gentleman is out of
order in making the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
inclined to the opinion that the gentleman from
Kentucky cannot properly make the motion he
suggests, inasmuch as, the previous question being
operative, no motion, with the exception of voting
on the proposition before the House, can be in
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I move to re-
consider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. That is, that the main question having
been ordered to be put, and the House being en-
gaged in the execution of that order, the gentleman
cannot now take the floor for the purpose of moving
to reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
he must overrule the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] from the
fact that a motion to reconsider is a privileged
question, and can be made at any time. The ques-
tion, therefore, is on reconsidering the vote by
which the main question was ordered.
The question was taken; and the vote was re-
considered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the Chair if it
is not now in order for me to move to suspend the
rules, in order to enable the House to vote en
masse on those amendments of the Senate to which
the committee disagreed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that a motion to suspend the rules is in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I make that
motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from Kentucky,
which I think will facilitate this matter. I think
that the gentleman had better propose to suspend
the rules in order to take a vote upon concurring
with the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union in its entire action, because the House
cannot properly separate these amendments in
which the committee disagreed from the Senate,
and send them to a committee of conference, leav-
ing the other amendments to be acted on in the
House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If I can get the ear
of the House for a moment I will try and make
my proposition intelligible. I want to separate
the propositions on which thecommittee has agreed
from those on which it has disagreed, in order
that the committee of conference may be acting
on those to which the committee has disagreed,
and that the House may be acting on those to
which the committee agreed.
Mr. CRAIGE,(interrupting.) Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have the floor, and
I beg not to be interrupted. I am aware that, for-
mally, it is not in order to appoint a committee of
conference on a portion of the amendments and
leave the remainder in possession of this House.
But it will be done by the Speaker in this House,
and by the Presiding Officer in the Senate. Now,
for the purpose of facilitating business, 1 move,asa
practical proposition, tosuspend the rules in order
thatVe may vote en masse on those amendments to
which we have disagreed; and when the commit-
tee of conference, informally appointed, is consid-
ering them, we can discuss and vote in the House
on the tariff question and other propositions which
we have agreed to.
The SPEAKER pre tempore. The Chair desires
to say to the gentleman from Kentucky, and to
the House, that it is, in the opinion of the Chair,
competent for him to make a motion to suspend
in the way he suggests. As to the consequences
which flow from it, and whether a committee
of conference should be appointed, it is not proper
for the Chair and for the House at present to
determine.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Precisely.
Mr. DAWSON. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky open to amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. DAWSON. The previous question has
not been called.
Mr. WALSH. But it is a motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion to sus-
pend the rules is not amendable.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, then, I hope the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky will be
voted down, for it is a most novel and extraordi-
nary one.
The question being on Mr. Breckinridge's
motion—
Mr. DAWSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
"The yeas and nays were flot ordered
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 now, Mr. Speak-
er, move that the House vote en ■masse on these
amendments as to which we have not concurred
with the Senate; and on that motion I ask the
previous question.
Mr. OLDS. If the previous question be sec-
onded, it cuts off the motion the gentleman has
made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The second for
the previous question is pending; and the House
having determined, by the vote taken, to vote on
all of those amendments in which the committee
recommend non-concurrence, they can be sent to
a committee of conference, and then we can go on
with the others.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make this point of order
to the Chair, that, as the rules are suspended, it is
in order to move to amend that; and I desire so to
amend it as to have a vote taken on concurring in
the action of tne Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union generally. I hold that I have
a right to amend the gentleman's motion by this
proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to divide the ques-
tion, so as to take a separate vote upon the amend-
ment which increases the salaries of the Judges of
the Supreme Court.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia is not in order, inasmuch as the demand
for the previous question is pending.
Mr. SEWARD. It has been demanded, but
not seconded. My motion is, therefore, in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order made by the gentleman
from Georgia.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] to concur with < ie
Committee of the Whole in its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate en masse.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question is,
will this House adopt the report of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union disagreeing
to all those amendments of the Senate to which
the Committee of the Whole recommend that we
should disagree ?
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. DAWSON: The motion which has just
been adopted, if persisted in without any aiidi-
