1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
tiorial action on the part of the House, will pre-
sent the extraordinary spectacle in legislative pro-
ceedings ot one i ordon of the civil and diplomatic
bid, which contains appropriations of millions of
dollars, being referred, by ihe action of the House,
tu u committee of conference, while its remaining
provisions, which had been concurred in by the
Committee of the Whole, are still under consid-
eration. The motion, sir, is as novel as it is
unprecedented. If it is intended by this motion
to send, finally, the tariff amendment with other
portions of the bill, to another committee of con-
ference, and eventually to secure its passage, I
must be allowed to say that the effort shall prove
fruitless. This bill cannot pass without fair con-
sideration, and only by conforming to the parlia-
mentary forms of legislation. I am no advocate
of high duties, but, on the contrary, am satisfied
that the receipts from the customs should be cur-
tailed. In reducing the scale, however, justice
should be done to all parts of the country. The
interests of Pennsylvania should not be sacrified
to those of Massachusetts or of New England.
The first step to be taken in a curtailment of the
revenue should be an enlargement of the free list,
placing upon it such additional articles as do not
come in competition with American manufactures.
This being done, then prevent excessive revenues,
if they exist, by a pro rata reduction of therduties
upon the residue. Sir, the whole question, in my
judgment, is contained in the above proposition,
and I am ready for it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote just taken, and to lay the mction to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. DAWSON. I was about to submit another
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Theprevious ques-
tion covers all the amendments, and no debate is
in order.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 intended to submit a prop-
osition which 1 think would relieve the difficulty
in which we are involved, and extricate us from
the confusion that now attends this matter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. The Chair hopes
that the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will be heard.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a simple motion to con-
cur with the Committee of the Whole in reference
to the remainder of the amendments; and upon
that motion 1 ask for the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that the previous question, when called,
applied not only to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, but to all the pendingamend- |j
ments before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I then appeal from the
decision of the Chair. The point 1 made is this:
that the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
upon winch the previous question was sustained,
applied only to a certain class of amendments,
and those amendments having been voted upon,
that it is now exhausted. He expressly made
his motion to apply to them, and the previous
question could not go beyond them.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order,
that this discussion is not in order. _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the gentleman
from Iowa, and holds ihat no further discussion
is in order. The pending question ut upon the
appeal taken by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, and the question now is, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as tne judgment of the commit-
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and iVtessrs. TIugties and IvERU
were appointed. j;
The question was then taken; and the tellers j
reported—ayes 89, froe^ 33. i!
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
one more appeal to the House, and it is that we
take a separate vote upon the amendments relating* i
to the wa'er-works; to increasing the salaries ot |
the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United ,,
States; to the tariff, and on such others as gentle- j;
men may indicate; and that as to all the others we ^
take a vote upon them in the aggregate. |!
Mr LETCHER. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment making an appropriation to Mr.
Schenck. i
Mr. FULLER. I desire a separate vote upon ;
the amendment in reference to the Chelsea hospital. !
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, that course will be pursued in refer-
ence to the amendments which have been specified.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WITTE. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment relating to the assay office in the
city of New York.
Mr. CUTTING. I object to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the House
that the action of the committee in relation to the
first branch of the amendment for the classification
of clerks in the State Department makes it neces-
sary that I should ask a separate vote upon that
amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House have,
by unanimous consent, agreed that first a vote
should be taken upon the remaining amendments
in mass, with the exception of those amendments
which were mentioned by the gentlemen from
Tennessee and Virginia. The gentleman from
Alabama and others now ask for separate votes
upon other amendments mentioned by them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take a separate vote
upon James M. Goggin's claim, and that of John
S. Pendleton.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to a question
of order. Unanimous consent having been given
to the proposition of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, I object to all further application for a sepa-
rate vote on other amendments, and I ask the
Chair to enforce the action of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Haven.)
The proposition before the House is, that the
House concur in the action of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on all amend-
ments not already passed upon, with the excep-
tion of those relating to the water works, the
salaries of the judges, the tariff, the Chelsea hos-
pital, and the claim of Mr. Schenck. That prop-
osition was concurred in by unanimous consent,
and the Chair will proceed to carry it out.
Mr. WITTE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I disagree with the Chair, and while I have great
respect for him, and his decisions, I wish to state
distinctly that I have given my assent tu no such
proposition. I rose for the purpose of asking a
separate vote upon the amendment relating to the
assay office, in New York, and I ask it now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair put
the question distinctly, and heard no objection;
but, if there is no objection, he will put it to the
House whether the amendment mentioned by the
gentleman shall be included in the number upon
which a separate vote will be taken.
Mr. CUTTING. I object.
Mr. WITTE. I claim my right, as a member
of this House; and I will state the facts—con-
fining my remarks to that clearly and distinctly.
When the proposition was made by the gentleman
from Tennessee, and when other gentlemen arose
for the purpose of asking for separate votes upon
distinct propositions, I arose, also, upon the floor,
and during the time that requests were being made
by other gentlemen for distinct votes, I waited on
the floor lor my time and my turn for a distinct vote
upon a distinct proposition; and now I am to be
told that a single member may object to my asking
for that privilege. I say I have the rghtto ask it,
and to have it, because 1 did not give my consent
to the proposition of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, but, on the contrary, objected to the proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The proposition
was put by the Chair to the House m the way
already stated, and universal consent was given.
After that was done the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania rose, as he has stated, and asked that a sepa-
rate vote should also be taken on the amendment
in reference to the assay office. The Chair then
asked the House if unanimous consent was given,
and objection was made. . .
Mr. ROBB1N8. Was a vote taken authorizing
the Chair to assume that power?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was given by
the unanimous consent of the House. ,
Mr. WITTE. I made objection at the time, ;
distinctly and unequivocally.
Mr. FULLER. 1 hope unanimous consent will
be given to the request of the gentleman from j
Pennsylvania. ...
| The SPEAKER pro tempore. For the third
time, the Chair will ask that unanimous consent
be given.
Mr. PECK. J object.
The question was then put upon concurring in
the action of the committee upon all the amend-
ments, except those above excluded and those
already acted upon; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote last
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The Clejjk reported the twentieth amendment of
the Senate, upon which a separate vote had been
asked, as follows:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to Robert C. Schenck, of Ohio, for his full com-
pensation while employed as envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the United Slates on special
mission to ll<e Oriental Republic of Uruguay, in the year
1852, tlie sum of $9,000, and lor his lu 1 compensation as
minister plenipotentiary and envoy extraordinary of the
United Sta les uii special mission to the Argentine Confeder-
ation, in the year 1853, the sum of $9,000 ;such payment to
be in lieu of the per diem prove.ed tor said Robert C.
Schenck in the act making appropnations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government, approved Angus!
4, 1854.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union report a
concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The SPEAKER j>ro tempore put the question, and
announced that sixteen only seconded the demand
for the yeas and nays; not a sufficient number.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WALSH. No. Withdraw that, and ask
for tellers on the proposition. ■—
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; I want tellers on
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Those who are
in favor of tellers will rise, stand, and be counted.
Thirty-three members rose.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore. A sufficient num-
ber, and tellers are ordered. Messrs. Shaw and
Florence wili please act as tellers.
The tellers took their places.
Mr. WHEELER. Are the tellers on the yeas
and nays, or the amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are on the
amendment
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; I demanded tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Members crowded into the area, and passed
through the tellers, but Mr. Flciklnce refused to
count.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania refuses to act as teller, he will
please stand aside.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays. I still continue the demand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Call the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not care for the Ser-
geant at-Arms, nor for any man in this House. .
The SPEAKEft pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania calls for tellers on the yeas and
nays—is there objection to the proposition ?
[Cries of " I object!" "1 object!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
order. I clearly demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays. Gentlemen all around me can certify to
the fact.
Mr. WALSH. 1 was near the gentleman from
Pennsylvania when he made his demand for tell-
ers on the yeas and nays. I asked him to modify
his motion and to call for tellers on the amend-
ment, but he refused.
TheSPEAKER protempore. If there hasbeen
any mistake, the Chair hopes that the question
may be a;rain taken. Is there objection?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. - .
Mr. BANKS. The proposition of the Chair
cannot be rejected by a single objection The
gentleman from Pennsylvania says that he did
demand the tellers on the yeas and nays.
Mr CLINGMAN. I do not give my consent
to going back. I insist on the question as it was
understood bv the Chair. _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Ob)ection is
made, and the tellers will resume their places.
Mr. ORR. If the Chair misunderstood the
gentleman it is proper that there should be a cor-
rection. I do not think that a si ngle objection can
defeat it.
