1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that he endeavored to give his entire atten-
tion to the subject. He understood tellers to be
demanded. He inquired whether they were de-
manded on the yeas and nays or on the amendment.
Some member answered no. If the ciicumstance
mentioned by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
took place, it certainly did not reach the Chair's
ear.
Mr .FLORENCE. With due respect,I will say
a single woid to the House and Speaker. All pres-
ent can observe, and the Chair especially, that I
amsuffenngfrom hoarseness. I have been fcarcely
able to speak for a week. I have not participated
in the debates of the House m consequence of this
hoarseness. From this cause, the Chair may not
have heard me distinctly. I have no special anx-
iety on the subject, but I desire that the position
which I occupy upon this floor shall receive its
full recognition from the Chair and the House.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am in order; and so lone:
as I have a voice I shall lift it in demand for my
rights.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only proceed
on the understanding which he has of the matter.
Is there objection to tellers on the yeas and nays?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then tellers will
be appointed ori the proposition.
Messrs. Shaw ana Phelps were appointed tell-
ers.
The question was token; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 62.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
$3.*)fl,000.
Mr. ROWE. I demand the yeas and nays upon
concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball. Banks, Bark^dale, Bell,
Benson, Breckinridge, ttugg, Campbell, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Clark, Chngman, Cook, (Jraiae, Cracker, Cul-
Join, Curtis, Cuuinp, Dawson, IK* Witt, Dickinson, Dunbar,
Eastman, Ed«!y, Edmundson, Thomas D. Ehot, Evetharl,
Fnrlev, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Good**, Goodrich,
Goodwin, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris,
Hanjson,Oaklings, Hill, Howe. Hughes', Hunt, Kent, Kerr,
Kunz, L\on, Maodonald, McDoucall, Macy, Matteson,
Maxwell, May, Noble, Norton, Packer, Peekham, Pen
rniigion, John Peikinw, ^re^ton, Riddle. Robbing, Roger?,
Russell, Sabin, Seward,William Smith, William R. Smith,
Iiestor L. Sn-vens, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Teller,
Thurston, Tw« ed, IJpham, Vansanl, Walbridge, Walker,
Wa!l< y, John Wentwoith, Tappan Wentworth, and West-
brook—
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Alien, Willis Allen,
Bekinr, Bocork, Iioyee, Bridges, Brooks, Oau «ntcr,
Ca-kn', Cobb, Dowdt'll, Dunham. Edytrton, Edmonds,
CutilFlagler, Fuller, G.unble, Gidding*, Green, Green-
wood, Aaron Harlan, Stinp-on W. Hams Haven, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hib!>ard« Hiesrei, Houston, Johnson, Daniel
T Jones, Georye W. Jones, Knox, Lamb. Letcher Lewis,
Ltliw LuuHey, McCulloch, MoNair, McQueen. Maurice,
Middle.svv.ii til, Smi'h M«ll< r, Millson, Morgnn, Murray,
NiehoU, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker,
Pwk. Pin Ips, Powell, Pratt, Pnngle, Puryear, Richard^m,
Thomas Rireh« y, Rufitn, Sage, "Sapp, Shaw, Simmon-,
Skelton, Strafton, Htraub, Andrew Stuart,'1 ront, Wade,
Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, Witte, and Hendnck
B. Wright—77.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which that amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to Jay that motion
on the table.
Mr. PRINGLE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to Jay upon the table.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to a question of order.
T desire to know if the gentleman from Illinois
voted in the affirmative?
Mr. WASHBURN. I did not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the gentle-
man is not entitled to make the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. CULLOM. I renew the motion to recon-
sider, and also move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table,
Mr. PRINGLE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I will withdraw the motion.
The next amendment was reported, as follows:
In the paragraph " for salaries of the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court and eight Associate J udges, $41,000," strike
out " $41,000" and insert " §63,000," and add at the end
thereof the fwllowme:
And from and after the passage of this act the annual
salaries of the several Justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall bo as foil  ws,to wit: of the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court,,$7,5^0 ; ol ihe Associate fus-
tices of the Supreme Court,$7,U0«) each ; and hereafter the
messengers attending the Supreme Court be allowed he
sum of three dollars per day each during their attendance,
commencing with the present term of the court, and ihat
the marshal of the District of Columbia pay the same out
of any moneys of the United States m his hands.
The amendment was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with the following amend-
ment:
Strikeout" $63,GOO" and insert in lieu thereof" 54,000
strike out "$7,530" and insert $6,500;" and strike out
"<$7,fl00" and insert"$6,01)0."
The question was first upon concurring in the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole to the
Senate amendment.
Mr. CUTTING. I desire simply to ask this
question: If the amendment of the House bevoted
down, the question 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The question before the House is
not debatable, and I object to all debate.
Mr. SKELTON. Wei!, sir, I desire to ask the
Chair what the precise question is, upon which
we are to vote?
The SPEAKER protempore. It is on concurring
in the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the House refuse to con-
cur in the report of the Committee of the Whole,
the question will recur upon the adoption of the
Senate amendment, will it not?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will recur upon
the adoption of the amendment as it came from
the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And if the House
concur in the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, the question will then recur upon agree-
ing to the Sena'e amendment as amended ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 38; as follows:
YE AS---Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Da
vid J. Bailey, Banks, Barks-dale, iklcher, Bell, Br neon,
Rocock,Boyce, Bridges, 15 ugg,Campbeli, Carpenter,Caekie,
Clark, Chni:mfm,Cobb Cook,Crai«c, Culloin, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Thomas I)hvi>, De Witt, Dickinson, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Eastman, Etldv, Edgerton, Edmand*, Edmundson,
Thomas* D. Eliot, English, Farh y, Florence, Fuller, Gam-
ble, Giddiugs, Goode, G eemvood, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Andiew J. Harlan,Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hastings,
Haven, H< ndricks, Heno, fin eter, Hill, Houston, Hughes,
Geors" W. Jones, Kerr, Knov, Kur'Z, Lamb, Letcher,
Lewis, Lilly, Lindsley, McCulloch, McQueen, Maiteson,
Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mill-on, Muti.iy, Niehols, Noble,
Norton, Oid->, Mordee;u Oliver, Packer, Parker, Phelps,
Pmvll, Putt, Pniitih), Puryear, Riddle, TUvid Ritchie, j
Robbing, Risers, Rutfin, Rusm*!J, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shaw, |
Simmon-, Skelton, Richard II. Stanton, Sir.itton, Andrew <
Stuart, John J. Taylor,Thutston, Trout, Upliam. Vansant, I
Wade, Walker, Wallev, WaMi, Wells, John Wentworth, ;
and Hendnck I - Wnaht—111.
NAYS*—Messrs. Appleton. Breckirmdse. Brooks.Chand-
ler, Crocker, Cutting, Dawson. Ethcridgc, Faulkner, Frank-
lin, Green, Uovve, Hunt, Darnel T. Jone^, McDonald, Mc*
Dougull, Mo,\air, Maey, Maurice, May, Muldle^warth,
Andiew Oliver, Oir, Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips,
Richardson, Seward, William Smith, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, HestorL. Stevens, Teller, Elhhu B. Washburne, Is-
rael Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and
Wittc—38.
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurringin
the Senate amendment as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Appleton,
Bank>, Bark«dale, l3en*on, Bacoek, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Clark, Crocker, Cullom, (Jutting, Thomas Davi«, Hawaii,
De Wut, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eddv. Edrnand-*, Edmundson,
Thomas D. Ehot, Ethendge, Everhart, Farley, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Gonde. Goodrich, Green, Andrew J Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Wii< y P. Harris, Harrison. Hast-
ings. Ha^en, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Kent, Kurtz,
McCulloch, Macdonaki, MeDougall, McQueen, Mncv,
Matteson, Maurice, M.i.xwull. May, Middlebwarlh, Mill-
son, Moraan, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Or, Parker,
Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Preston. Pnn-
gle, iltchar Isou. '.iddle, Divid Ritchie. Robbins, R.>aers,
Russell, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Simmons, William
Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H- Stanton, Sir;tub,
David Stuart, Toiler, Thurston, Upbain, Vansant, Walker,
Wallev, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, and
Daniel B. Wriaht—101. .,
NAYS —Messrs. David J. Bailey, Belcher, Bridges,
Clincman, Cobb, Craige, Curti-?. John G. D«jvi , E'stman,
Ed^erton, English, G imolo. Giddmgs, Greenwood, Hamil-
ton, Aaron Harlan, Henn, Hiester, Daniel T.Jones, George
W. Jones, Knox, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindl"y, Linds-
ley, Snuth Miller. Murray, Nichoh, Old^, Packer, P«-ek,
Bishop Perkins, Purvear, Thomas Ritchey, Rowe, Rumn,
Sabin; Skrhon, Hestor L S'evens, Stration, Andiew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Wade, Wells, John Went-
worth, and Hendnck B. Wright—47.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, waa
concurred in.
Mr. CUTTING moved that the vote by which
the amendment was concurred in herecon&iderfd,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
strike out of the bill the provisions in relation to
the tariff. , . ,
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. As this is
a party measure, I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ball,
Belcher, Benson, Bugs, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler,
Crocker, Cnllnm, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dun-
bar, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler. Florence, Frank-
lin, Gamble, Giddintjs, Goodwin, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Haven. Hend'icks, Iliester. Hill, IJowe,
Hughes, Hunt. Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Lilly. Lyon,
McCulloch, Macdonald, McDougall. McNair, Maiu^on,
Manriee, Menebam, Muldleswarth, Morgan, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Pa-ker, Penroi gton,
Preston, Pringle, Puryear. Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbms,
Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons,
Skchon, Siratton, Straub, John J. Taylor, Teller, Thurs-
ton, Trout, Tweed, Vansant, Wade, Walker, Elhhu
B. Washbnine, Israd Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, Wute, and Elendrick B Wrigh1—£6.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Appleton, Divid J. Bailey,
Banks, Bnrksdalc, Bocock, Boyee, Breeknruk-e, Bridges,
Brooks, Caskie, Chamberlain, CJaik, Chnpinan, Cobb,
Craige, Cutting, John G Daviss, De Witt, Dickinson. Dun-
ham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmauds, Edmundson,
Thomas D. Eliot, English. Fu)ler, Goode, Goodrich, Green,
Greenwood, Hamilton, Andr«\v J. Harlan. Samt -on W.
Harris, Hastings, Henn, Hibbard, Houston,DamelT Jones,
George W. Jonas, Keitt, Lamb, Letcher, Lewis, Lind'ley,
McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller, Millaon,
Munay, NtchoN, Noble, Olds, Orr, Prck, Bishop Perkins,
John Pe1 km<, Plielps, Phillips, P« vv< U, Tnomas Rttchev,
Rogers, Ruffin, Shower, William R Smith, Fiederick P.
S anion, Richard II. Stanton. Hector L Steven?, Andrew
Stuart, IJpSiam, Walbridge, Wailey, Walsh, Weds, John
Wentworth, and Westbrook—80.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which that
amendment was concurred in and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. X demand
; the yeas and nays.
' Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw the motion.
I Mr. CULLOM obtained the floor.
| Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
i nessee to yield the floor to me and to allow me to *
; occupy the attention of the House for a moment,
i i desire to facilitate the transaction of public bus-
I iness.
1 Mr. CULLOM. I yield to the gentleman from
i Missouri temporarily.
! NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
I Mr. PHELfS. The Senate have returned the
! Navy appropriation bill with some twenty-nine
[ amendments. It would be utterly impossiole, at
| this stage of the session, for us to consider those
1 amendments in committee. I propose, therefore,
; that the bill be taken up, and that the House dis-
' agree to the amendments of the Senate and ask for
; a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is'there any ob-
jection to the proposition of the gentleman from
. Missouri ?
! Mr. WALSH. I object,
j Mr. WHEELER. Well, let the question be
; put to the House.
Mr. PHELPrf. I move to suspend the rules.
' The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gemleman
j from Tennessee (Mr Cullom] has the floor.
, Mr. PHELPS. I hope Uie gentleman from
, Tennessee will allow me to move to suspend the
rules to take up the naval appropriation bill. The
bill is in imminent penl.
j Mr. WALSH. I withdraw my objection,
, No further objection being made, the House
;■ took up and proceeded to consider the amend-
