1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
merits of the Senate to the naval appropriation
bill-
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House dis-
agree to the amendments of the Senate, and ask
for a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of 'hp two Houses.
Mr. WENTVVOItTH, of Illinois. I want to
know what these amendments are?
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will not
require them to be read.
Air. WENT WORTH. I voted for theannex-
ation of Texas with the understanding that we
weie to annex the Texan navy, and I want to
settle that question here to-night.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I do not want
to be troublesome to the House, but there is a little
amendment to that bill for the benefit of the navy-
yard at Memphis. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNT. I pUdge you my word that that
will give rise to debate. [More laughter.]
jMr. S rANTOST. I should like to have a vote
upon it. If the House is prepared to vote it down,
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. CLlNGilAN. I insist upon the question.
The question was taken, and Mr. Phelps's
motion was agreed to.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MAY. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see to allow me to submit a simitar motion to that
just agreed to. The Senate have made several
amendments to the judiciary bill for the District
of Columbia. I move that the House disagree to
those amendments-, and ask a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIDD^RD. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to let me call up a matter which will
meet with no objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly' enrolled the following
bills and joint resolutions; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of L. R. Lyon and D. S.
Howard; . .
A j Tint resolution making appropriations for the
purchase of territorial libraries; ]
A<1 act for the relief of Jesse French, of Brain- |
tree, Massachuae:ts; and _ |
An -ict for the construction of certain military
roads in the Territory of Kansas.
DUTIES ON GOODS DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Mr. CULLOM. *1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Hiuse to take up the bill to remit the du-
ties on certain ^otitis destroyed by fire in thecities
of New Ycrk and San Franci3co.
Mr. WALSEI. Was not the same motion on
the bill voted down yesterday ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it.
Mr. CULLO jt. Then I move a suspension of
thMr!'HAMILTON. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before that
proposition is pu', I ask my colleague to allow me
to offjr a resolution which 1 think will not be
objected fo.
Mr. CULLOM yielded the floor.
M.-. STANTON. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolfftion:
Resolve I, That all reports which any of the
av r directed to b > made to the House shall lie dcl.v -red to
the Clerk, and they are hereby ordered to be prlnti d, ani
such of them as are of a pi ivate character, together   1
til" billi now on the Piivate Calendar, are lierehv ruerred,
with the accompanying papers, lo the cuurt ot claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. CULLOM. Perhaps it would economize
time, if instead of the House bill 1 should call up
Senate bill No. 591, which is to the same effect.
Mr. CUTTING. The Senate bill was referred
to the Commit'ec on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee to move to sus
The bill was reported as follows:
Senate bill (No. 591) to remit or refund duties
on goods, wares, or merchandise, destroyed by
fire.
Mr. WALLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee whether, if the rules are sus-
pended, he will agree to an amendment?
Mr. SKELTON. I object to these bargains
altogether.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether this bill was not, two days
ago, referred to the Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Our in the
chair ) The bill is properly before the House, as
the Chair is informed. It was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, but the committee was
discharged from its further consideration, and then
the House refused to suspend the lules to take it
up.
Mr. MILLSON. Yes; and there was a motion
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,] to refer it to the Committee on Com-
merce, and it was so referred.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed by the Clerk that if such a motion as
that was made, no minute has been made of it on
the Journal. The bill, therefore, is on the Speak-
er's table, and the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Cullom] is properly before the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask whether
the rules were not suspended yesterday, and this
bill taken from the Speaker's table?
Mr. CUTTING. No; it failed by one vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
decided that the bill is on the Speaker's table,
and that the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill was up
a day or two ago on a motion made to suspend
the rule which required it to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and my
recollection is, that the rule was not suspended,
and that it was sent to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
decided, and has so stated to the House twice,
that the bill is on the Speaker's table, and that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee is in
order. That is the way the journal is made up,
and upon which the decision of the Chair is pred-
icated. ,
The question was then taken on Mr. Cullom a
motion; and there were—yeas 90, nays 4G; as j
1 follows:
! YEAS Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Benson,
i Bridg'*, Buirfr, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chand-
ler, Clark, Clmgman, Cook, Crocker, Ctllloni, Curtis, Cut-
' tine Dickm-on, Dunbar, Eastman, iidmamls, 1 nomas U.
! Eliot, Ethends;". Everhart, Farli y, Flagler, Floience,
! Franklin, Fuller, Goodwin, G- en, Greenwood, Andrew
1 J. Ilailan, Harrison, !1 islinpi, Haven, [heater, [ill!, (lowe,
I Hni'hes, Hunt, Ketr, Knox, Lvon, McCu'loch,McDmisall,
1 McMulltn, lIcNair. Macv. Matteson, Maurice, Middlc-
; swarth, Morgan, Noiton.OIds, Aodrevv Oliver, Mordecm
Ohver. P.irki r. Peek, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pmihps,
l'rnigle, Thomas Itneh'-y, Itoijeis, Rowe, Russell, Sabin,
Sane, Sanp, Simmons, Wiiliain It. Smith, Rielrurl 11
Stanton, Uestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, Teller. J wed,
I'n!;am. Wade, W Ibridje, Walker, \Vallev,_Elhliu L.
Wnshburne, I rael Washburn, Wells, I'appan U entworth,
Westbrook, Whecl"r, ami tlendnek B. Wright—j0.
N \YS— Messrs. David J. Bailey Boeock, Caskie, Cobb,
John G. Davis. Dawson, Dunham, E.ldv, Edmundson,
ElHlsll. Fatlikner, Goode, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan. Hi-n-
dncks, Uenn, flibbai d, Houston, Johnson. Danic j\ Jones,
George W. Jones, Kent, ICurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Macdon-
ai<l, Smith Miller, Mill-on. Murray, Orr, John Perkins,
Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Puryenr, Riiffin, ?hawi
Pkelton, William Smith, Stratton, biraub, Andrew btuart,
Trout, Walsh, and Witte—46.
So the rules were not suspended, two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. OLDS obtained the floor.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYEES.
Mr HENDRICKS. With the consent of the
i gentleman from Ohio, I desire to offer a joint res-
i olution to correct a resolution that we have passed
: for the benefit of the pages and employees of the
House The gentleman from Maine introduced
! the resolution,saying that it was intended to ben-
I efit those who did not get the twenty per centum
1 w . t  ...U^ A ^
stana but there is one of the watchmen who does not
pend i: get it, and I ask that his name shall be included
the rules with a view of taking up Senate bill No. :j in the
591? Is that the gentleman's motion? II Sevetal Mlmbers
Mr. CULLOM. That is my motion.
Let it come in by unani-
! mous consent.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask leave,also, to offer
the following resolution:
Joint resolution making appropriation for the payment of
those entitled to the benefits of the resolution of ttlB
House of Representatives, passed March 3, 1835, voting
extia compensation to pages, folders, and others.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the sum voted by
the House of Representatives, March 3, 1855, for the pay-
ment of pages, folders, and other employees, be paid out of
any moneys in tlie Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly-
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] who is entitled
to the floor, I offer the following resolution:
ReiOlnci, That the Clerk of lhis House be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay to John Costan, a laborer employed
in the oftice ot the Clerk, two dollars per day, in considera-
tion for additional labor petfornied by him, commencing
from the time he was employed, and deducting therefrom
the per diem already paid tmn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to suspend the
rules that I may introduce the resolution.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. OLDS. I claim the floor until my prop-
osition is disposed of. 1 ask the House to take up
and consider the amendments that have been made
by the Senate to House bill (No. 406) to amend
the act entitled " An act to reauce and modify the
rates of postage in the United States, and for other
purposes," passed March 3, 1851.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up;
and the amendments were read and agreed to, as
follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, line four, strike out the word "on" and insert
" in so that the section would read :
For every single letter, in manuscript, or paper of any
kind, in which information shall be asked for or coinmuni-
cated in writing, or by marks or signs conveyed m the mail
for auv distance, between places in the United States not
exceeding three thousand miles, thrift cents; and for any
distance exceeding three thousand miles, ten cents.
Second amendment:
Tases 1 and 2, strike out the following clause:
For every such letter, or paper, when conveyed, wholly
or m pirr, by sea, and to or from the ports of the country,
for any distance not exceeding three thousand mile?, the
ocean postase shall be five cents; and for any distance
exceeding throe thousand miles, such ocean postage shall
be ten cents, excepting, however, all cases where such
postages h.ivu been, or shall be, adjusted at different rates
by postal treaty or convention already concluded, or here-
after to be made.
Third amendment: *
Page 2, line thirty-one, after the word " are," insert the
words " to or;" so as to mnke the clause read :
And upon all letters passing through or in the mail of the
Untied States, except such as are to or from a foreign coun-
try, the postage, as above specified, shall be prepaid.
Fourth amendment:
Page 2, line thirty-two, after the word " prepared," Insert
the following : -
Except upon letters and packages addressed to officers ot
the Government on official business, which shall be so
marked on the envelop.
Fifth and sixth amendments:
Page 2. line thirty-four, stnke out" fifty-five" and insert
" fifty-six 5" and strike out the word"? " such prepayment
shall be by stamps," and insert in lieu thereof "the Post-
master General may require postma&ters to place postage
staturs op^n ail prepaid letters upo-i which such stamps
may not have heen placed by the writers so as to make
the cl tuscread :
And Irom and after the 1st day of January, 1856, the
Po-nmasier General may require postmasters to place post-
age stamps upon all prepaid letters upon winch such stamps
may not have been placed by the wruers.
Seventh, eighth, and ninth amendments:
raue 3, section 2, line four, strike out ihe words "post
office stamp* or stairip"d envt lopes," and insert " po.-tnge
stamp Or stamp envelop.'' Also, same section, line six ,
Insert before ihe word "stamp" the word "po-narre."
Also, in same line, strike out the words " or stamped en-
velop," and insert in lieu thereof tile words " or lor a larger
sum than that charged therefor by the Post Office Depart-
ment so as to make the section read :
Jlnd le it fmtker enattcd, That it shall not be lawful for
any postmaster or other person lo sell any postase « mp
or stamp envelop for any larger sum than that nidieau d
nnon the face of cueh postage ctamp, or for a larger mm
than that ehnrced therefor by the Post Officii D.*p.u tmont,
and any person who shall violate this ptovnion shall be
deemed ruiIiv of a misdeineinor. and on conviction 1, e^-of
shall be lined in any sum not less than nor more than $jOO.
Tenth and eleventh amendments:
At the end of the bill, add the following proviso and the
succeeding new section: , . M ^
Provided, That notbhis herein contained shall be so
