1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
construed as to alter the laws in relation to the franking
privilege.
Sec. 3. JLni be it further enacted, That for the greater
security of valuable letters posted for transmission in the
mails of the United States, the Postmaster General be, and
hereby is, authorized to establish a uniform plan for the
registration of such letters, on application of parties post-
ing the same, and to require the prepayment of the post-
age, as well as a registration fee of five cents on every such
letter or packet, to be accounted for by the postmasters re-
ceiving the same, in such manner as the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall direct: Provided, however^ That such registration
shall not be compulsory, and it shall not render the Post
Office Department or its revenue liable for the loss of such
letters or packets, or the contents thereof.
BILLS REFERRED TO COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentleman
who objected to my resolution has withdrawn his
objection, and 1 ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
JThat all reports which any of the committees
directed to be made to the House shall be delivered to the
Ulerfc, and they are hereby ordered to be printed; and such
of them as are of a private character, together with all the
bil Is now on the Private Calendar or on the Speaker's table,
are hereby referred, with the accompanying papers, to the
court of claims.
Mr. PRATT. I objec,t to it.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce it.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. STANTON. I now demand the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee if his resolution pro-
vides that all applications for pensions shall be
referred to the board of claims?
Mr. STANTON, it provides that all bills upon
the Private Calendar, with the accompanying
papers, shall be referred to that board, and that is
where they ought to be. Mr. Speaker, at the
suggestion of a friend near me, I will change the
phraseology of the resolution, so that it shall pro-
vide that all bills remaining upon the Private Cal-
endar or on the Speaker's table, at the close of the
present session, shall be referred, &c.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, viz: " Shall the
resolution pass?" and, being put, it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
HARBOR AT REEDY ISLAND.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table, for the purpose of putting it upon its pas-
sage, Senate bill No 615
The bill was read through for information. It
authonzesand directs theappropriation of $30,000,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for continuing the construction of
the harbor on the east side of Reedy Island, in the
Delaware river.
Mr. HAM ILTON. I object to that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose which I have indicated.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 would ask the leave of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the files
of the House the petition and papers in the case
of Humphreys.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it proposed to
leave copies?
Mr. McMULLIN. Copies will be left.
It was ordered accordingly.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. IIIBBARD. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield to me to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of House bill
(No. 567) supplemental to the act entitled "An
act granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States," approved September
28, 1850; and also to the act approved March 22,
1852, to make land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I object. It is
unfair to other gentlemen and myself, who have
bills in charge.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, the bill which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania dtsires to have passed has been passed by
Congress, since my service here, six or eight
times.
Mr. CHANDLER. And has been vetoed in
the river and harbor bill. It is now offered as a
separate bill.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
RETIRED LIST IN THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to re-
port back from the Committee on Military Affairs
Senate bill (No. 120) to promote the efficiency of
the Army by a retired list.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. The subject has been care-
fully examined for twenty years, and has always
been reported on favorably. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose which I have indicated;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
IRENE G. SCARRITT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to take up and pass Senate bill (No. 686) to
give a pension to the widow of Colonel Scarritt,
who fell at the battle of Buena Vista. I will state
that the Legislature of Illinois voted him a sword
for his gallantry.
The bill was read through. It authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Mrs. Irene G. Scarritt, widow of J. M.
Scarritt, deceased, late an officer in the United
States Army, upon the list of widows entitled to
half-pay, and pay her the sum of twenty-five
dollars per month, commencing on the first day
of July, 1854, and continuing for five years, pro-
vided, that m case of her death or intermarriage
before the expiration of the term of five years,
then thepension granted shall inure to the benefitof
the child or children of J. M. Scarritt, deceased,
under sixteen years of age, if such there be; and
if there be none, then it shall c.ease.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why does not this
lady get a pension under the general law ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. On account of some
technical objection. I am certain if the gentleman
understood the facts that he would not object.
Mr. JONES. Did her husband fall at Buena
Vista?
Mr. WASHBURNE. He did.
Mr. JONES. Then she is entitled to ten years'
half-pay pension under the general law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. She is not allowed it.
This is a case which appeals most strongly to our
sympathies.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose which I have indicated.
The rules were suspended; there being, on a
division—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HAMILTON. What pay is proposed to
be given ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Twenty-five dollars per
month for five years only.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. What was
his rank?
Mr. WASHBURNE. He was a colonel, and
fell at Buena Vista.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
to move that we take a recess until eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not be
in order as a question of order.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was here received
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate in-
sisted upon their amendments to the civil and dip-
lomatic bill to which the House had disagreed, atid
asking for a committee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Thfe SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mfessrs.
Houston, Haven, and Henn, to act as said com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House.
ELIZA M. EVANS.
Mr. LILLY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of Senate bill (No. 337) for the relief of Eliza
M. Evans.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The bill was read through for information.
Mr. LILLY. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose which I have indicated.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
POWDER DESTROYED BY CAPT. HOLLIRS.
Mr. WESTBROOK. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and put on its
passage Senate bill No. 48, requiring the Secretary
of the Treasury to ascertain the value of certain
powder destroyed by order of Commander George
N. Hollins, of the-Navy of the United States, and
to pay the value thereof to the person to whom it
belonged.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
Mr. WESTBROOK. I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken; and two thirds not
having voted in the affirmative, the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. WESTBROOK. May 1 have theconsent
of the House to have the papers referred to the
board of claims ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They will go
there under the resolution already passed by the
House.
IMPORTATION OP PAUPERS, ETC.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask the consent of the House to report, from the
Committee on Commerce, a bill to prevent the im-
portation into the United States of foreign crim-
inals, paupers, lunatics, insane, idiots, and blind
persons. It is a Senate bill, and I am instructed
to report it back with amendments.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to report it.
Mr. PHELPS.* I must make an appeal to the
Houfie. I have, up to this time, been all the time
engaged in the public business. I now ask the
consent of the House to take up a bill for the relief
of one of my constituents. It is a very meritori-
ous case, and I trust there will be no objection to
it. Can I have the consent of the House ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No. sir; I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 now ask that the
bill for which I have asked unanimous consent to
report may be read.
The bill was read in extenso by the Clerk.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question. . *
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The Committee on Commerce reported sundry
immaterial amendments to the bill; which were
read, considered, and severally agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER called for tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McDougall
and Pringle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 48. 9
Less than a quorum voting.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 move that the House
take a recess till eight o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Went-
worth] not to urge the consideration of this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not entertain a motion while there is no quorum
present.
Mr. HUNT. I move that we take a recess till
nine o'clock.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to a question
of order. Is it in order for the gentleman to make
that motion?
