1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 0,
exception in favor of those blind who have prop-
erty sufficient to support themselves, and exclud-
ing those, whatever may be their qualifications
otherwise, who have not property. I am opposed
to it; and, having explained my views of the bill,
I am perfectly willing for the House to vote on it.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, a w^rd or two in reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, and in reference to the particular
features of this bill. For myself, I am willing to
bring the discussion to a close, because 1 think
that we have not time,at this late hour of the ses-
sion, to spend in debating this or any other ques-
tion.
The gentleman from Kentucky opened his re-
marks by saying: this bill had been sprung upon
the House in the night. Sir, it has been printed
more than two months. It was reported from the
Committee of Commerce on the 2J of January,
and ordered to be printed; and it has been in the
document room ever since, accessible to any mem-
ber of the body. It has not, therefore, been sprung
upon the House. The bill has been sent over the
country, it has been sent to the northern States,
and especially to those persons who have charge
of emigrants and emigrant paupers, with a view
of getting; information in regard to us propriety and
feasibility. The result has been, from trie inform-
ation received and the conference with the Judi-
ciary Committee, which has, by resolution of this
House, been instructed to report on the subject,
the bill and amendments now before us.
The gentleman says that he regards it as the
fruit of the new ism which has sprung up in the
country. This project was started by nie at the
last session by a resolution of inquiry introduced
and referred to the Committee of Commerce. That
was before I had much knowledge of the existence
of the new ism; nor have 1 got it up with a view
of heading off that ism, or in any way affecting
the question which seems to have in some degree
disturbed the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, the State from which I come is
largely burdened with foreign paupers. We have
built within two or three years three large poor
houses in that State, at which we maintain from
two to three thousand foreign paupers at an ex-
pense of between one and two hundred thousand
dollars per annum. The emigrantsociety of New
York expends about one million of dollars per
year for the support of foreign paupers, blind,
insane, and idiotic; and our country suffers no one
can tell how much, by the introduction of foreign
criminals upon these shores. They come here
without our having any means of inquiry as to
their character or their previous life.
The eastern States, the whole Atlantic sea-board,
is calling upon Congress for a law with regard to
foreign paupers. The gentleman may not know
the evil which we suffer—probably that class of
persons do not reach Kentucky. Of the emigrants
who come here, I suppose that the western por-
tion of the country get mostly the hale and hearty,
and that most of the imbecile, insane, blind, and
criminal remain in the eastern cities. The State
of P .hode Island has legislated on this subject, and
has instructed her representatives in both Rouses
of Congress to favor the passage of a bill like the
one under consideration. The Common Council
of New York have legislated upon the subject;
and gentlemen from that body were here as late as
Friday, for the purpose of procuring the passage
of this bill by tendering whatever information
they possessed upon the subject to gentlemen con-
cerned in it. The Emigrant Society of New
York has sent here delegates, with a biil of .some
thirty.two sections, much more penal and restrict-
ive than this, with a v#ew of having it presented
to Congress. They laid it before the Judiciary
Committee. It has been before the Committee on
Commerce; and some additions have been made
to the bill before us in consequence of the exam-
ination of the New Yotk bill.
Mr. WALSH. I suspect that they came here
to lobby on some other question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman says
that he doubts the power of the General Govern-
ment to limit or restrict the right of Virginia or
New York to introduce persons within their limits.
With the decision of the Supreme Court, saying
that Congress has the right to regulate this entire
subject, and with that "opinion pronounced by
every western judge on the bench, I think that the
gentleman does well not to discuss the question.
The court has decided that Congress has the right
to control the introduction of foreigners into this
country, and that the States have no right to legis-
late in any way to contravene their introduction
or importation. And for the present, although it
is a decision upon which the court was divided, it
may be considered as the law of the land. Ihe
case of Gibbons and Ogden, and the passenger
cases, have set'led this question.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say a word, with the
gentleman's permission.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I cannot yield.
Mr. MILLSON. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I desire to make a remark.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I should have been
glad to have had the gentleman's assistance on this
bill in the Committee on Commerce. 1 was saying
that the Supreme Court of the United States has
decided that this matter must be regulated by Con-
gress, and that the States cannot prevent import-
ation of foreign persons, if they are disposed to
do so. And it has declared the laws passed by
Massachusetts and New York imposing certain
restrictions upon the importation of emigrants,
to be unconstitutional and void. So that if any
legisbtion be necessary, if any is to be had, it
must come from Congress alone.
The gentleman from Kentucky says that this
bill makes a property qualification, tnat it is an
odious and anti-republican measure, and that he
had rather trust to the next Congress, Know-
Nothing as it will be, to pass such measures as
they may think proper, than to see the provisions
of this bill adopted. Why, sir, this bill is no more
stringent in its provisions than that passed at the
last Congress for carrying passengers upon vessels
propelled, in whole or in part, by steam. We
have had passenger bills upon our statute-books
since 1848 equally restrictive and penal with the
bill before you.
The gentleman is incorrect in saying that this
bill makes a property qualification. It merely
provides that foreign paupers shall not, as such, j
be imported from Europe to this country, if a j
man be not a pauper he may come, though worth j
not a farthing. If he is able to pay twenty-five
cents for his certificate, he has a right to embark,
and no man has the power to prevent him, nor
does this Congress, by this bill, attempt to pre-
vent him.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, under what clause in the Consti-
tution he claims this power to prohibit persons
from coming to our shores?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I claim it under the
decision of the Supreme Couit of the United
States that the Constitution confers fuch a power.
Mr. PE-3ILLIPS. The gentleman does not
answer my question. I ask what provision of the
Constitution gives to Congress the power. |
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not think it j
necessary to £0 into a constitutional argument ;
upon this subject, nor have we the time at this j
late hour. It is enough for me to know that the J
highest tribunal in the land declaies it to be con- j
stJtutional. ... '
I will say, in conclusion, that this bill is drawn j
in accordance with the demands of all the Atlantic j
cities for additional legislation upon this subject. j
If I know the sentiments prevailing almost univer- j
sally in Massachusetts, New York, and the other j
States, in which passengers are landed from abroad ;
in any considerable numbers, they require just 1
such a bill as this. They require that Europe
shall be compelled to keep iter paupers at home. ;
They require that she shall be compelled to keep j
her criminals at home, and that they shall not be !
permitted to land in Boston, New York, and other j
cities, sent by foreign municipal authorities, either !
to fill our alms-houses or asylums, or, by the j
practice of foreign vices, to corrupt the morals or j
prey upon the substance of our citizens. We ask j
Congress to exercise its undoubted powers, and j
to relieve us from the evils to which we are now .
exposed, and from the pecuniary buulens under
which we are suffering. Whilst the bill wil! not
operate to restrict the emigration of any person fit
to become an American citizen, it would, iu my
judgment, if passed and faithfully carried our,
relieve us of a large portion of that worthless
population, to the support of which we have been
so Hng subjected. I move the previous question.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield me the floor to enable
me to offer a substitute for the bill under consid-
eration. I desire to say 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is m
order. Does the ^eutteraan from Massachusetts
withdraw his demand for the previous question.'
Mr. WENTWORTH. No, sir; I do not. I
have no reason to believe the substitute of the
gentleman is any more perfect than the bill which
a committee of the House have had before it, and
have prepared afrer much consideration.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I hope the
House will vote down the demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable me to offer my substi-
tute.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to lay the
bill upon the table; arid upon that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I will state
that the Senate have taken a recess. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take a recess
until eight o'clock.
Mr. TWEED. I object.
notice of a speech.
Mr. LYON. X ask the consent of the House to
print a speech upon certain resolutions offered by
me some days since.
There was no objection, and the proposition
was assented to. m
passenger bill again.
The question was taken upon Mr. Davis's
motion; and the result was—yeas 64, nays 49; as
follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Aiken. James C. Allen, A*!ip, David J.
fiailey, Barksdale, Breckinridge, Brooks, Ca>kK*, Cinm-
bcrlain. Chmman, John G. Davis, Disney, Dow dell, Dun-
bam, Eddy, Cdmundson, John M. Elliott. Florence, Gtin-
l)t<', Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J. llarl«n,
Having*, Hendricks, Ilibbard, Geor e W. Jones, Kcit:,
Kurtz, Lamb, Le'cher, Lind-I^y, Macd«nald, MeNair,
McQueen. Macy. Maxwell, ^miih Miller, Murray,
Nichols, Noble, Old?-, Orr, Packer, Phillip'', Powolf, 8k h-
ardson, Riddle, Seward, Shaw, Skelton, Richard H Can-
ton, Straub, Andrew Stuart,Trout, Tweed, Variant, Walk •
! pr, WaWi, Wells, John Wentworih, We&tbrook, and
VViire—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks. Benson, Bndjres.Busg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cobb, Corwui. D«± Witt,
Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Edniands. Thomas D. Eliot,
English, Failey, Flagler, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Knox. Lyon, McD -ugall, McMtiflm, Matte-
son, Muldloswarih, Morgan, Norton. Andrew Oliver, P«-ek,
Pennington, Bishop P«rkms, Pr tt, Pringle, David Rit< h«e,
Russell, Sage, Sapp, Ilcstor L. Srevens, Toiler, Wade,
Walley. Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworih, and Wheel-
er—19. '
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that no
quorum had voted.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand that the com-
i mittees of conference will not be ready to report
for some t wo hours yet. I ask unanimous consent
that the House take a recess until nine o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I must again appeal to
the gentleman from Massachusetts not to attempt
to pass this bill at this late hour. I ask him to
withdraw the bill, and let us proceed to other
business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum h?s
voted, and no motion is in order except for a call
of the House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I think, if the Chair will
allow me to make a suggestion, we may obviate
the necessity for a call of the House, if we can
have the members who are asleep around the Hall
awakened 
[Cries of44 Order!" Order!"]
Mr. McMULLlN. I ask if itis not compe-
tent for the Speaker to ascertain whether there is
a quorum in the House by counting?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I insist upon my motion
that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is competent
S' for the gentleman from Virginia to call for tellers
[I upon the motion for a call of the Hou^e, if he
desires to ascertain whether there is a quorum in
[ the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and m^srs. Stcart, of
Ohio, and Walsh were appointed.
| The question was then 'aken; and the tellers
M reported—ayes 13, noes 105.
u So a call of the House was refused.
