1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
A quorum having voted, the question recurred
upon laying; the bill on the table.
Mr. MoDOUGALL. I insist on the regular
order of business, and shall do so from now until
the adjournment.
Mr. McMCJJLLIN, I move that the House take
a recess until nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de- ]
cides that it i  riot in order to make that motion, i
except by unanimous consent. j
Air. McDOUGALL. I object. I
Mr, MclYLULLIN. Is it in order then to sus- j
pend the rules for that purpose? '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not; for the j
reason that the House is now acting1 under a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BENSON, fs it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
TheSPEAKER. pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that motion would be in order.
Mr. BENSON. Then I make it, and I give
notice that if it is agreed to, I shall, as soon as we
get into committee, move to take a recess until
nine o 'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I submit that the
motion of the gentleman from Maine is not in order.
It js to suspend the rules, and, as the Chair has
decided, we are now acting under a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Therule expressly
eays that the House may at any time suspend the
rules to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
Btate of the Union.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, fs it in order to
move to proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table?
The SPEi\ KER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I demand the yeas and
rays on the motion of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr JBektso>j ]
Mr EDMUNDSON". I ask the gentleman
from Maine to waive his motion for a moment,
that I may ask the House to pass a small bill.
[Cries of" Object," and *' Not in order."]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. Under the decision which the Speaker
made awhile ago, is it in order after acting under
suspension of the rules to nio?e to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ©f the
Union ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is under that
express rule of the House which provides that a
majority may at any time suspend the rules and !
po into the Committee of the Whole on the state '
of the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were called for, andordered; and Messrs.
Florence and Pringlb were appointed
The question was taken; and the tellers reported 1
—ayes G7, noes 26.
No quorum voting,
Mr. SI UART, ot Ohio, (at twenty-five minutes
past seven, a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn to meet a^ain at eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Less than a quo-
rum cannot, by the Constitution, adjourn except
from dny to day.
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pio tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio moves that the House adjourn until
eight o'clock. The Chair decides that to be not
only contrary to rule, but contrary to the Consti-
tution.
Mr. KEITT. How is it, then, that the House
has adjourned for some hours in the evening with-
out a quorum being present?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When has that
been done?
Mr. KEITT. Frequently.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There has been
onlv a recess taken.
Mr. KEITT. Well, then, I move that we have
a recess.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order in the House; it would be it we were
in commute.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now move a call of the
House.
Mr. STRATTON. On that I ask for tellers.
The SPEAKEJt pio tempore. An appeal is
pending.
Mr. ORR, Leas than a quorum, I suppose,
cannot well dispose of this appeal. Before the ques-
tion is put for the call of the House, I think we
certainly could come to some understanding which
would be satisfactory to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from California moves a call of the House. The
Chair is of opinion that lees than a quorum can do
no business at this time but to call the House.
Mr. ORR. It is very evident that less than a
quorum cannot go into the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is true.
Mr. ORR. I propose that there be a recount
on the proposition to go into the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection a recount wit! be had.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE and others objected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills:
An act further to amend an act entitled " An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes,9t passed
March 3, 1851.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to these bills being
reported when there is no quorum present.
Mr. MEACHAM. Cannot we have a le-
count ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A recount has
been objected to.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. Is there any other
motion in order except the motion to adjourn?
| The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion to ad-
j journ at this time without a quorum is not in ;
| order. Less than a quorum may adjourn from |
' day to day. There does not remain another day
to adjourn to at this session of Congress. When
the House does adjourn it must be sine die.
Mr. STUART. I move to suspend business
for two hours.
The SPEAKER pro tempore  That is not in
order.
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not in
order, because there is no quorum present. The
gentleman from California [Mr. McDougall]
moves a call ©f the House, and, in the opinion of
the Chair, that is the only motion in order.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. 1 ask again, will the
Chair put my appeal to the House?
TheSPEAKER pro tempo* e. The Chair thinks
that he cannot entertain it; and that legs than a
quorum cannot settle a question of order.
Mr. STUART, of'Ohio. The Chair will see
at once that he puts his judgment against the will
cf the House.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I call the gen-
tleman from Ohio to order.
The question then being " Shall there be a call
of the House?"
Mr. S rUART,ofOhio,demandedtellers;which
were ordered; and Messrs. Stuaut, of Ohio, and
McDougall were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 47.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
fifty gentlemen answered to their names.
The lollowingis the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas H.
Bavlv, Bany, Bennett, Benton, Biswll, Bliss, Bocock,
HoycV, Bestow, Caruihers, Chase, Onastam, Ohnsman,
Churohwell. Clark, Clmgman, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox,
Crocker, Cumnwic, Thomas Davis, Dent, Dick, Drum,
Ellison, ronton, Franklin, Giddmgs, Grey,Grow. Sampson
W. Harris Wiley P. Harris, Hill, IJillyer, Howe, Inger-
soll, J. Glaucy Jones Roland Jones, Kerr, Kid well, Krt-
tredge, Lane, Latham, Lewis', l.mdlev, Mace, May, May-
ali, Meacham, John G. Mrler, Morrison, Olds Andrew
Oliver, Packer, Peckham, Puryear, Readv, Rt ese, Thomas
Ritchey, Seymour,Hhamion, Simmons Singleton, Samuel
A. Smith, Wiliiuni Smith, William It. Smith, Geonje W.
Smyth, Sollers. Alexander II. Stephen*. John J. Tajlor,
John L Taj lor, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Thurston, Tracy,
Vail, Wairen, Daniel D. Wright, H« dn-*k B. Wright,
Yat«s ai'd Zolhcofler.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So all further proceedings under tha call were
] dispensed with.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. MAY. I rise to a privileged question.
The committee of conference on the part of the
House upon House bill (No. 445,) to reorganize
the courts in the District of Columbia, and to im-
prove the laws thereof, beg leave to submit the
j following report:
; The managers of the conference upon the disagreeing
, rotes of the two II >uses upon the bill entitled " An aci lo
; reorganize the courts in the District of Columbia, and tore-
j form the laws thereof,5* have met, and after full and free ,
j conference, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
| to their respective IJouaes, as follows:
1st. That the Senate recede from its amendments to the
| nineteenth section of the bill, and agree to said section as
j passed by the Hou>e.
i 2d. That the Hou e agree to the other amendments of
the Senate, with this amendment, to wit: to strike out ihe
preamble and ali the sections of the bill, except the said
nineteenth section.
3d. That the title be amended so a4? to read ifr follows :
" An act to improve the laws of the District of Columbia,
and to codify the same."
II. MAY,
S. CLARK.
JOHN KERR,
Committee on the part of the House.
GEORGE E BADGER,
CHARLES E. STUART,
Committee on the part of the Senate«
The recommendation of the committee of con-
ference was to strike out all the other parts of the
bill but the nineteenth section, which was to re-
main as it passed the House. The nineteenth
section of the bill reads as follows:
Sec. 19. Jind be it further enae'etf, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint two persons,
learned m the law, to revise, simplify, digest, and codify
ilie laws of said District, and also the rules and principles
o( practice, of pleadings, of evidence, and conveyancing,
and also to add thereto and codify such laws of the State
of Maryland as may be or become in force during the prepa-
ration of said code and applicable to the circumstances and
condition of said District; and the said code shall be con-
structed according to a simple rmthod,and be expressed in
language concise and plain, and, far as possible, be made
level to the understanding of a person of ordinary intelli-
gence and education; and it shall contain a full and particu-
lar index to all its con tents; and the preparation of the said
code shall be made under ihe superintendence and revision
ot the Attorney General of the United States, and as the same
progresses shall be printed, underbid directum ; and the said
codifiers shall each be paid for their servic< s, out of the
Treasury of the United States, at the rate of$3,< 0>) a year.
And the Board of Aldermen and Common Council of the
city of Washington may togelher elect five competent per-
sons, and the Board ot Aldermuiand Council of George-
town may elect two competent persons, and the levy court
of the county of Washington may elect one competent
person, which persons together shall compose a board, to
consider, at convenient seasons, the provi*ionsnf said code,
a* it may he prepared ; and any three of said per-ons shall
constitute a quorum of said board ; and the said code, or
such piovisiona thereof as may be approved by a majoiiiy
of said board, shall be adopted, and become the law of said
District, as hereinafter provided. And it shall he the duty
of the said persons who may be appointed to codify the said
laws, to attend, and also the said Attorney General may
attend the meetings of said board, to explain tl\e several
provisions of the said code. And when the said code and
the provisions thereof shall have been adopted by the said
boatd, or by a majority thereof, they shall certify the same
to the President of the United States, who shall thereupon
cau&e it to be published in a neat and convenient form, and
to be substantially bound ; and he shall cau^e a sufficient
number of volumes of said code to be printed and bound as
may be necessary for the amplest distribution of the same
among the people of said District, and f«r the preservation
of said code ; and a copy thereof shall be furnish* d to every
justice of the peace, and every judge, to each court, to each
clerk of said court, to each coroner, to said levy court, to
each public school, to each public library, to each public
department of Government, and to the Mayors and each of
the Councils of Washington and Georg' town, to be by them
kept and carefully preserved, and transferred tJ their several
successors in office. And the said code so deposited with
said clerks of courts and justices of the peace, shall at all
times be open in their several offices for the inspection and
information of the people of said District, and others who
may desire to consult the same. And when the said code
shall be printed and distributed, the Presidentof the United
States shali, by ins proclamation, appoint a tjm * and places
in the said District for taking the sense of the citizens
thereof, for or against the adoption of the said code, and h«
shall cause judges to be selected who shali prevside at such
election, and he shall provide and proclaim the mode and
rules of conducting the same, provided every free white
!: male citizen of ihe United States above the age of twenty-
i j one years, who has resided m the said District for one >ear
' next" preceding said election, shall be permuted to vote
j| thereat; and the result of wild election shall be reported to
i the said President, and the same, with the said code, be by
j' him rep >rted to Congress, ami when i at Hied and approved
I by the same, he s-hall by his proclamation declare it to he m
|! foice. from the dav of Hie dare thereof, as the law of the
I: said District of Columbia; and the same, when so pro-
| claimed, shall thereafter be and remain as such, without any
'■ lurther act or proceedings to that effect, until altered or
i, repealed bj,the Congress ot' the United States. And the
' I persons who may compose said board, or such of them as
H may act on the same, shall be paid oat of the Treasury
| i of the United State# a reasenabla compensation for their
