1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
services, according to the time employed by them, respect-
ively, upon the same: Provided, That the &aid code shall
be reported to Congress on or before the first Monday in
December, in the year 1857.
Mr. MAY. The committee of conference found
it impossible to come to any agreement touching
the reorganization of the courts of the District,
but they concurred in the plan for codifying the
laws of the District, and we now ask that the
branch of the bill relating to that subject, as it
passed the House, and was agreed to by the com-
mittee of conference, may be adopted.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. MAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
PAY OF EMPLOYEES.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives be, and he is hereby, ordered to pay out of the con-
tingent fund of the Hou^e to the boys accompanying the
mail wagons the same compensation received by the boys
performing similar duties in the Senate, commencing with
the pre ent Congress.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if he will not allow the following resolu-
tion to come in:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay to the messengers who receive less
than those that are stationed at the several doors of the
Hall the same pay that those thus stationed now receive,
commencing with the last fiscal year.
It gives to the folders stationed behind the Speak-
er's chair the same pay that the other messengers
receive
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I also ask leave to in-
troduce an amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I will hear the suggestions
which gentlemen have to offer, and then i will ac-
cept them or not, as I think best.
Mr. ASHE. I beg leave to offer a resolution
by way of amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I must beg to be excused.
I will take the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Edmundson,] and then I can accept no more.
Mr. Edmundson's amendment to the resolution
was read, as follows:
And that the Clerk of this House be directed to pay to
John Costin, alaboier employed in the office of Clerk, two
dollars per day, m consideration of additional labor per-
formed by him, commencing from the time employed, de-
ducting the per diem already paid him.
Mr. LETCHER. I accept that, and there stop.
Mr. CUTTING. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer a resolution in regard to our two faith-
ful clerks, Messrs. Doisey and Galpin?
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 want to know how much
they get now?
Mr. CUTTING. Just hear it read.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to it anyhow.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
to the two assistant clerks now employed at the desk m the
Hall of this House a sum which will make their annual
compensation for services during the present Congress
equal to that of the Journal Clerk of this House.
Mr. EDGERTON. That is eight dollars a day,
and I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I accept only the amend-
ment of my colleague, and I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The main question being on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put; and decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. MtLLSON. The House, acting under a
suspension of the rules, has now before it a bill,
reported by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
upon which the previous question has been de-
manded, and there is a pending motion to lay it
upon the table. And now, as there is very little
time left, I wish to inquire if the reports of the two
committees of conference, the one upon the civil
and diplomatic bill, and the other upon the Navy
appropriation bill, will be regarded in the nature
of a question of privilege, and supersede the busi-
ness introduced by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts?
^ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The practice of
the present occupant of the chair has been to
regard reports from committees of conference as
privileged. The pending question before the House
is to lay the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Massachusetts upon the table. There is
also another pending motion, which is to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The question is on the latter motion first.
Mr. DAWaON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ASHE. If it is in order I would like to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
up a small bill.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. 1 demand tellers on the
motion that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmundson
and Cutting were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 60, (no quorum voting.)
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WALSH. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
seven members answered to their names.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ap-
pleton, Thomas H. Bayly, Bali, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Ben-
ton, Bissell, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Bristow, Bugg,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chase, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clingman Colquitt, Cox, Crocker, Cullom,
Cumming, Thomas Davis, Dent, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Edmands, English, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler,
Franklin, Goodrich, Goodwin, Grey, Grow, Hamilton,
Sampson W, Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Henn, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt, Ingersoll, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge,
Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lewis, Lilly, Lindley, Lyon, Mc-
Mullin, Mace, Maurice, Mayall, John G. Miller, Morgan,
Morrison, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peck-
ham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pres-
ton, Puryear, Iteady, Reese, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage,
Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton,
Skelton, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, 1'hurston, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Walbrid<?e, Walley, War-
ren, Wells, Wheeler, Hendrick B. Wright, Yates, and
Zollicofier.
The SPEAKER. The officers of the House
will close the doors.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Speaker, I think that we
had better proceed under the call until we get
enough here for the transaction of business. Un-
less we do so we shall have this thing over and
over again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be sent for the absentees.
Mr. BENSON. I hope that my colleague [Mr.
Mayall] will be excused. He is, and has been,
very ill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If we begin to receive
excuses for absent members, it will occupy the
whole forenoon, and will be very uninteresting.
Mr. McNAlR. My colleague [Mr. Jones] has
been sick for many days past.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object. If the gentle-
men referred to are sick the Sergeant-at-Arms
will not bring them here.
The SPEAKER. It is evident that we are
not in a condition to legislate beyond disposing of
the bills which will be reported on in a short time.
Suppose, then, we agree to rest orr our arms for
an hour, or for half an hour, or until some bills
have been reported.
Mr. W ALSH. Let the Chair designate an honr.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the suspension of business be for a period not
longer than three quarters of an hour.
Mr. DISNEY. I move that we take a recess
until nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair proposes a simple
suspension of business. As there seems to be no
unanimity on the proposition, the Chair will now
put the question on the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be sent for absent members.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let us proceed with the
call, that we may know why it is we cannot have
a quorum to take a recess or do anything else.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest that in place of
my motion the Chair put the question to the
House that we do no business for an hour.
[Cries of " No !" and ft That is right!"]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I then withdraw the sug-
gestion and insist on my motion.
Mr. HUGHES. I suggest the exclusion of
all members out on committees of conference from
the operation of the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana.
The SPEAKER, That will be done as a matter
of course.
Mr. MATTESON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks.]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms was ordered to compel
the attendance of absent members.
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Speaker, while we are
waiting for the presence of the absentees I wilt
state that I have prepared, by a greatdeal of labor,
a speech on the codification of the navigation laws.
As I have not had a chance to deliver it, I think
it is but reasonable that I should be allowed to
publish it.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I cannot
take it on trust.
Mr. FULLER. If you cannot take it on trust
you cannot take it at all.
Mr. LETCHER. The light-house on Cape
Race is against the gentleman.
Mr. FULLER. Light-houses are put upon
land to be used on the sea. May be tnat fact never
occurred to the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; and they are put
out of the United States. But I do not object to
the publication of the gentleman's speech.
Leave was granted for the publication of the
speech.
Mr. KNOX. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
A Member. Let us wait until the Sergeant-at-
Arms brings in the absentees.
The Doorkeeper introduced the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House of Representatives, who re-
ported that Messrs. Smith, of Virginia, Seymour,
Bristow, Sage, Morgan, Wheeler, Lyon,
English, Smyth of Texas, and Harrison, were
now present under the order of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the gentlemen
be excused, and permitted to take their seats.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYON. I would ask if it is competent to
call up Senate bill No. 444, which now lies upon
the Speaker's table? It is a bill for the relief of
Mrs. Nancy D. Halkar for flour and provisions
furnished the United States during the revolution-
ary war by her husband, the Hon. John HalKar.
She is over ninety years of age, and if the debt
which stands upon the Treasury books is ever to
be paid, it should be paid now. I hope the House
will consent to take up the bill and pass it at once.
The SPEAKER. No legislative business can
be done during the call of the House.
Mr. OLDS. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wds here during
the whole night, and only left the House at six
o'clock this morning to get my breakfast and put
on a clean shirt. On my return I found my name
at the head of a list of half a dozen absentees
| when there are only about twenty members here.
| I desire to know why the names of the other
i absentees are not also on that list?
| The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will respond to the gentleman.
[Cries of " Go ahead !"]
The SPEAKER.. The House found itself
i without a quorum. A call of the House was had.
The absentees were all called, and the Serjeant-
at-Arms was directed to hunt up members, and
bring them in so as to enable us to have a quorum
to do business. That is all. It was done under
the order of the House, that the Serjeant-at-Arms
be sent in pursuit of absent members.
Mr. LYON. I desire to ask a question for
information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. LYON. I desiretnknow whether the list,
headed by my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
wijl appear on the Journal, as he has been excused ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it will apsee.r on
the Journal.
The question was then taken on Mr. Olps's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
