1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
been read in the House at all, and it is important
that the House should pay especial attention to
the reading of the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that, instead of reading the report of the commit-
tee of conference, referring "to the amendments
ro&rely by numbers, that the amendments should ,
be read in full. j
Mr. PHELPS. Let the report of the committee |
of conference be read , and then I will explain the i
amendments in less time than it will take to read |
them. The Senate have agreed to this report, and j
it is important that the House should act upon it J
as soon aa possible.
the hands o* the en
The report was read, as follows:
the same as that of the others. The amendment
also provides that, when pursers of the Navy shall i
be assigned to the dut^ of inspecting1 and certify-
ing to provisions, clothing, &c.,in the regular line :
of the Navy, they shall receive the same compen- '
sation as pursers of the navy-yards to which they
may be attached. The House recedes from its
disagreement and agrees to that amendment of the
Senate.
The sixth amendment attaches a proviso to !
the appropriation of $250,000 for Stevens's war;
steamer, for the purpose of making the appropria- j
tion available. 11 gives the Secretary of trie Navy ]
e  so that the bill may go into ;j power, in his discretion, to apply the same, in I
■nroilma; c]®Jks. , whole or in part, during the present fiscal year, j
instead of the next fiscal year, to enable him to I
purchase materials. The House recedes from its !
disagreement and agrees to that amendment. I
The seventh amendment makes an appropri- j
ation of $150,000 for the purpose of carrying into
effect the joint resolution respecting the Kane ex- :i
petition. The House agrees to that amendment.
The eleventh amendment makes the appropri-
atipn for the improvements of the navy-yard at ,
S«ih Francisco conform to the estimates of the '
i Department. It increases the appropriation from
! ao'sn nnn i i.^ ,*rw:r n/m _ *  •  _
The committee of conference on tlje disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the hill (.H, R. 579) mokmg appropria-
tions for th<* naval service for the year ending June liO, 1856,
met, and after a full and tree conference, have agreed to
recommend to their respective House? as follows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to the Sen-
ate ainondsneritfj as follows, viz : first, third, fnibt-i, fifm,
sixth, seventh, eleventh, filling the.blank 'therein with
"three,15 ihirteenth. seventeenth, tventieth, twenty fi-st,
twenij-seeond. and twenty-third. That the Ilon^e agree
to the Seriate amendment with an amendment, as f-)'loW>:
In the fifth line strike out "four" and insert "three,
and at the end of the amendment add: «./?«<* pronded j Wn nnn f\ ^
further, That nothing herein contained phaiJ be con?tru d "• ?^u0,00J, i believe, to ^24o,000, and inserts tb
to reduce the salary to which any navy agent is entitled :j ^"or"s "houses for quarters, and repairs of a
under existing laws.
That the Senate recede from its amendments disagreed 1
to by the llou&e, as tollovvs : Eighth, ninth, twelfth, four- ■
teenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, eighteenth, nineteen'!), twenty-
fourth, twenty-futh, twenty seventh, and twenty-ninth.
That the House agree to the twentieth amendment of the 1
Senate, with an amendment, a? follows : In line two, after
" Phal!,'' insert " hereafter,*' and tlnke out all afterkt dol-
lars*'in the third line. That the House agree to the twenty- '
eighth amendment, by subsuming as foilov.s: {"Here!
follows the ocean mail steamer appropriation, printed in !
another column. J
That the House agrees to that portion of the tenth amend- '
ment which provides as follows, "rrmoving sunk cais- J
son." That the Senate recede fr*m the remainder ofsaid
amendment with the following amendment: In lieu of 1
"§255,470,^ insert,k $100,000.  !
W. M. GWIN, *
S. A DOrGLAf, |
Managers an the part of the Senate, :
J. S. PI1KLPS, !
THOMAS S. HOCOOK, ;
CHARLESW. UPHAM, ;
Slanttgen, on the part ef the House, i
Mr. PHELPS. [ will endeavor to make the j
action of the committee of conference as inteiligi- <
ble as I can, in the few minutes i propose to oc- |
cup y.
The eighteenth amendment of ihe Senate is in ij
reference to the compensation of the chiefs of the j
Bureaus ofCJonstruction,Equipment, andRepairs, i
and of Medicine and Surgery. It raises it to the •
sum now'allowed to the chiefs of the other bu- |l
reaus in the Navy Department. It .wives them an j
additional compensation of $500 each. We report
that the House recede from Ks disagreement to jj
that amendment. i|
The third amendment of the Senate is for pay- :
ing the clerkj and others in the navy-yard of the ;j
city of Washington the compensation authorized, I
They are not embraced in the joint resolution
passed at the last session of Congress. Their ||
salaries are only some §700 or $900 per annum, :
and the Senate thought it was right that they ii
1
. . , all ;
kinds." The additional appropriation is princi- '
palfy for the erection of houses at the navy-yard, j
It is stated that there are at this time no dwellings j
for tho officers who arc discharging their duties :
there. The House recedes from its disagreement, |
and agrees to that amendment. j
The thirteenth amendment provides that the ;
two clerks employed upon the naval and astro-!
noraical expedition shall be entitled to receive the !
same as the lowest class of clerks in the Depart- |
mftn for the present fiscal year, and that they '
shall receive the same rate of compensation as '
long as they are employed in that capacity. The ;
House recedes, and agrees to that amendment. I
The seventeenth amendment provides that the >
salary of the surveyor of customs at the port of!
Cairo, Illinois, shall be ^800 per annum, instead j
of the sum now allowed. The Navy bill is not |
the proper place for such amendment, but the j
committee concluded to recommend a concurrence, j
The twentieth amendment provides foi the erec- ]
tion of a marine hospital at Galena, Illinois, and ,
appropriates §15,000 for that purpose. The com- :
mittee recommend a concurrence, I understand !
that the Secretary of the Treasury, by letter, rec- i
omme,'ids the appropriation. . j
_ The Uventy-first amendment merely grants the
right of way through certain lands contiguous and |
attached to the naval grounds at Pensacola for I
railroads. The matter is left entirely to the dis- !
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy. He may i
Rive his permission, or withhold it. The com- I
mittee recommend a concurrence in this Senate |
amendment. j
The twenty-second amendment enacts, that a ;
provision contained in an act passed at the last ;
session of Congress shall not be so construed as i
to reduce the pay of boatswains, carpenters, sail- i
makers, and gunners. There wag some ambiguity 1
arising from the construction of that act. i am i
should receive this increase. We recommend that j assured that there was no intention en the part of ■
the House recede from its disagreement to that1! the committee which reported Ihe appropriation !
dment. bill at (he last session, to reduce the pay of these i
ihe fourth amendment makes an .appropriation ;! inferior officers of the Navv. II
for repairs of the floating balance dry-dock, basin, ;! The committee recommend a concurrence in j'
and railway, at the navy-yard at Pensacola, Flor- ,j the twenty-third amendment, which aporopriates il
Ida, of 5i0,O00. It aiso authorizes the Secretary ij £6,000 for the purpose of testing the experiments j1
of the Navy to accept those works at Pensacola, j: of JLieutenant Rodman in casting cannon. The \
upon proof that they have been faiihiuliy built, ij appropriation ws? recommerded by the Secretary H
according to the stipulations of the contract; and ' of War. Tbe^e experiments have been prosecuted i'
that a ship, furnished by the contractors at their \ for some time past, with results which will prove I'
wn expense, has been successfully docked and ,j very beneficial. I!
hauled off and on the land by the railway of equal The committee recommend a concurrence in the 'j
or greater weight and displacement than the snips ■: Senate's secand amendment, which provides that 'j
by which the docks, basins, and railways at Phil- ,, the pay of navyagents shall be regulated by the \
adelphia and tvittery were tested. We recom-" commissions on their disbursements, with the
mend that the House recede from its disagreement,! following nroviso:
t0rrnf^fia1ifLC*merlt' . . ; PrczK'M. That ihoir sntarv sliai! not exceed §3,000: :!
Xhe htth amendment changes the compensation ■' am p,ovM, Timtthis provision --hall not extend to the ''
of the purser at the navy-yard m Washington city, \! navy agent who is discharging the duties of both purser and |
and makes it the same as that of the pursers at the 1 j nav-v a£eut al tSle Calitornm navy-yard. . j
navy-yards in Boston, New York, Norfolk, and I The Senate recedes from its eighth amendment, !|
Pensacola. When the compensation of this purser which was disagreed to by the House. It pro-: 1
was fixed there was but little business for nim to vides that the Secretary of the Navy may enter '!
do. But hist duties have increased to such an ex- ;| into a contract for supplying; the Navy with Amer- jl
Sent that it wps thought proper to make his pay ican water-rotted hemp for a period of five years. I
We thought that, from the high price of hemp at
this time in the market, it was improvident to
force the Secretary of theNavy to make a contract
for five years at that price.
The Senate also rec>d§ from their amendment
appropriating $10,000 for the purpose of procuring
information in regard to insects injurious to fruits
and vegetation.
Prom theimperfect manner in which theamend-
ments have been engrossed in the Senate the com-
mittee have been somewhat troubled. There are
two provisions for the transportation of mails by
ocean steamers. The fourteenth amendment- is
incomplete, and the Senate recedes from it. When
I come to the other amendment I will explain the
action of the committee.
The Senate recedes from its fifteenth amend-
ment, which appropriates $8,000 for the erection of
marine barracks at the Brooklyn navy-yard; and
aiso from its sixteenth amendment, which repeals,
to a certain extent, the act regulating the mode of
navigating vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam upon .the navigable waters of the country.
The Senate recedes from its nineteenth amend-
ment. It appropriates $34,000 for improvements
at the Annapolis Naval Academy. A portion of
this amount has been included in the appropriations
already made by the House for that academy. It
was improvident legislation on the part of tie co-
ordinate bod-y.
The Senate recedes from its twenty-fourth amend-
ment, which authorizes the payment to Hiram K.
Paulding, a captain in the Navy, for certain ex-
penses he incurred in entertaining the authorities
at Bremerhaven, Stockholm, and at Southampton.
The twenty-fifth Senate amendment is in ref-
erence to the channel at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
It appears that people had encroached upon the
channel, and the proposition of the Senate is not
to remedy ourselves, but to yield to the encroach-
ments and deepen the channel upon our own land.
The Senate recedes from it.
The Senate recedes from its twenty-seventh
amendment, which incorporates into the Navy of
the United States the Texan navy and the revenue
officers of that late Republic, and authorizes the
payment to them of leave-of-absence pay of their
grade in the navy of Texas, from the time of the
annexation of Texas to the present time.
The Senate recedes from its twenty-ninth
amendment, which appropriates money for th«
payment of aclaimin the nature of aprivateone—
the claim of Lieutenant John Guest, employed on
the coast survey.
The Senate recedes from its ninth amendment,
appropriating §100,000 for the establishment of a
naval depot at New Orleans, or, in other words,
the commencement of a navy-yard; and also from
its eighteenth amendment, providing, to a certain
extent, for the reestablishment of a navy-yard at
Memphis.
The House recedes from its disagreement to the
twenty-sixth Senate amendment. It provides that
the salary of a very worthy gentlemas, by the
name of Ferguson, who is the assistant astronomer
at the National Observatory, shall be f2,50Q per
annum from the present date. It is now $2,000.
The increase is recommended by the Secretary of
the Navy. J
The House concur in the twenty-eighth Senate
amendment, with a substitute. The Senate pro-
vided for the transportation of the mails by ocean
steamers only for this- fiscal year. We supplied
the deficiency. The Substitute is a clean appro-
priation bill for that purpose. It appropriates the
money necessary to comply with existing con-
tracts. There is nothing* said about notice, nor
anything in regard to repealing the law which
gives the United States the right to give the no-
tice. That the House may understand the amend-
ment, I will read it. ft is as follows:
And lc it further cnactei, That the following sums be,
and ihe same nre hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of
any money m ihe Treasury not otherwise appropnateii, for
the year ending ifie 30th of June. 1856 :
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and hack, .^'819,G00 j
For transportation of the mail? from Sew York to
^00 •St°n' SavaiiRah'IIa^na, and Chagres,and
For transportation of the mails from Panama tu Califor-
nia and Oftjgon, and back, $328,350;
n)!orJ.arr^n? the contract entered into by the Post
%hhC under.{llft provisions of Uieaet approved
J August, I8o'2, establishing a tri-montWy mail l y steam
pS^Isst Jo6611 W 0tieans and Vera Cruz, via Tam-
