1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1187
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That-tfte following j
sums be, and the fame ore hereby, appropriated for the ser-
vice of the Office Department for the year ending the '
SOtli of June, 1856, out of any moneys in the Treasury aril- i
itjg from the revenues of said Department, in conformity to j
the act of the 2d of July, J : ;
For transportation of the mails, in two steamships, from ;
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, and back, at '
$100,000 (or each ship; and in two steamships, from New 1
York, by Cowes, to Ilavre, and back, at §75,000 for each j
phip, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navigation i
Company of New York, $350,000j
For transportation of the mails between Charleston and
Havana, a eum not exceeding $£0,000; j
For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of 1
Panama, $50,000.
Sec. —. Jiwl be U further enacted, That the following
gums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the i
fiscal year ending the 30ih of June, 1855, out of any money i
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : I
For transportation of the mails from New York to Liver- j
pool, and back, §559,238 65; :
For transportation of the mails from New York to New !
Orleans, Charleston) Savannah, Havana, andChagres, and '
back, $202,378 21 ; ;
For transportation of the mails from Panama to Califor- !
nia and Oregon, and back, §249,242 02. :
Sec, —. JJnd be it further enacted, That the following 1
sums be, and the same ate hereby, appropriated for the ser- ;
vice of the Post Office Department for the year ending the ;
30th of June, 1855, out of any moneys in the Treasury !
arising from the revenue? of said Department, in conform- i
ity to the act of the 2d of J uly, 1846: >
"For transportation of the mail*, in two steamships, from j
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen and back, at
$100,000 for each ship ; and m two steamships, from New |
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at §75,000 for each :
ship, under the contract with the Ocean Steam Navigation ;
Company of New York, $350,000 ; i
For the transportation of the mails between Charleston j
and Havana, under the contract with M. C. Mordecai, ,
$50,000 j
For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of ,
Panama, $1.5*0,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. What amount
is appropriated for the Collins line for the current, ;
and what for the last fiscal year? I
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the gentleman ;
from Michigan, I will state, that the appropria- j
lion for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1&56, is ]
$819,500. If you add ten percent, on the advance i
which the Government made Mr. Collins to build !
his ships, it will be found to make $858,000. The
House concurs in so much of the tenth amend- !
ment as provides for the removal of the sunk :
caisson at the Pensacola navy-yard. The House
diminished the appropriations for that yard. We j
have inserted oneadditional item, which the Com- ;
fouttee of Ways and Means thought at the time j
expedient to strike out. The amount appropri- j
ated for that yard, improvement sand all, is some* ■
thing like $70,000 less than the estimates of the
Secretary of the Navy.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the report of the com- ,
mittee of conference; and 1 now call for the pre- ,
vious question on its adoption. J
The previous question was seconded, and the '
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HAMILTON. ^ I ask for the yeas and
nays upon concurring in the report of the com-,
mittee of conference. ,
The yeas and nays were not ordered. |
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to know if it is j
possible to separate the report? ;
The SPEAKER. Itisnot. It must be adopted ;
or rejected as a whole.
The question was taken; and the report was -
concurred in. # !
Mr. PHELPS moved t© reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS. j
Mr. BARKSDALE. When I was upon the i
floor I was about to ask the consent of the House
to take up and put upon its passage Senate bill
(No. 555) to increase the compensation of regis-
ters and receivers. I now ask consent to take up
that bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask that the bill may
be read for information.
The SPEA KER. It will be read, unless objec-
tion be made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to theread-
ing.
Mr. B4RKSDALE. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reason that the House is now acting under
b suspension of the rules.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order ©f
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal once more to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, and to the House, to allow
me to take up the bill indicated by me 3ome time
since. I have been absent twice during the night
for three or four hours upon the public service,
and have had no opportunity to attend to the
matter.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ©bject, and demand the
regular order of business,
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill for the
relief of Andrew H. Patterson; also a joint reso-
lution making an appropriation to pay those en-
titled to the extra compensation under the resolu-
tion of the House of the 3d March, 1855, giving
extra compensation to pages, folders, and ethers,
when the Speaker signed the same.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is
upon the motion to lay the bill to prevent the im-
portation of paupers, &c., upon the table.
REQUESTS FOR UNANIMOUS CONSENT.
Mr. TWEED. Sometime since, a communi-
cation from the President of the United States, in
reference to buildings for post offices in the cities
of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Bos-
ton, was referred to a select committee. That
committee have considered the subject, and are
now ready to report. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from that committee
a joint resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman who objected
to the b'il which I desired to take up has now
withdrawn his objection. I hope 1 shall now have
the consent of the House.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Missouri
is sadly mistaken if he expects it. I object.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. There is upon the
Speaker's table a bill for the relief of Mrs. L.
Browning. It is simply for an increase of pen-
sion. It is for the relief of a widow, and the case
is a hard one. I hope there will be no objection
to taking it up.
Mr. WALSH. To save time, I will give notice
that I will, from now until we adjourn, give unan-
imous consent to nothing.
Mr. PHELPS. I have simply to say this: If
the House will give me the privilege of making a
statement in reference to the bill I wish to take
up, if there be objection then I will trouble them
no further with the matter.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the statement for
the reason that I have not had the unanimous con-
sent of the House for any proposition since I have
been here.
Mr. TWEED. I ask to have the joint resolu-
tion which I have been instructed to present by
the select committee upon post office buildings in
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston,
read for information, and I think there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have been trying
all night to get up the bill for the relief of Com-
modore Jones, and if the House will not give con-
sent to have that bill taken up and passed, I will
give my consent to nothing.
IMPORTATION OF PAUPERS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to lay upon the table the bill
called up by the gentleman from Massachusetts
to prevent -the importation of foreign paupers,
criminals, &c., upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question has been ordered upon that bill?
The SPEAKER. The main question has not
: been ordered. The previous question has only
. been demanded.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
; to move to postpone the consideration of the bill ?
' The SPEAKER. It is not.
1 The question was then taken; and it was decided
; in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 53, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Bocock, Breckinridge,
Caskte, Ohastain, Clark, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Disney, Eddy, Edgerton, John M. Elliott, English, Florence,
Gamble, Goode,Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J, Harlan,
Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hushes, Johnson,
George W.Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, 'LiridsJey, Mac-
donald, Macy, Maxwell, Smith Millor, Milison, Murray,
Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Phillips, Rich-
ardson, Itowe, Ruffin, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Skel-
ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, Trout,
Tweed, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, Ellihu B. Wasbburne,
Wells, Westbrook, Witte, and flendrtck B. Wright—-68.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Banks, Benson. Bristow, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Cha vdler, Cobb, Cox, Cutting, De
Witt, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmands,Thomas D.
Eliot, Farley,Fuller,Giddings,Goodwin,Grey, Aaron Har-
lan, Harrison, Knox, Lindley, McCulloch, Maueson, Mid-
dleswarth, Morgan, Norton, Parker, Peck, Pennington,
Pratt, Pringlc, Ready, Reese, Riddle, Russell, Sapp, Hester
L. Stevens, Stratton, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentworth, and Wheeler—53.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
PAY OF REGISTERS AND EECEIVERS.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill to increase -the com-
pensation of registers of land offices and receivers
of public money, under the act entitled "An act
to graduateand reduce the price of the public lands
t-o actual settlers and cultivators,"approved August
4, 1854.
Mr. BALL. I am willing to sit here this morn-
ing for the purpose of perfecting tbe necessary
appropriation bills, but I object to the transaction
of any other business.
Mr. MORGAN. I also object, and I give no-
tice now that I shall object to everything but th 
appropriation bills. I will not sit hereto legislate
on Sunday morning.
Mr. MILLER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up the bill.
Mr. BALL. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill which my col-
league proposes to take up is very short. I ask
that it may be read for information.
The Clerk read the bill.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Is it in order to more
a concurrence in the report without- having it
! read ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
it would hardly be in order.
The Clerk then read the report, which is as
follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 569) making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1S56, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate do concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the ninth, fourteenth, one
hundred and thirty.sixth, and one hundred and forty-third
; amendments to the amendments of the Senate. That the
House of Representatives agree to the twenty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate with an amendment, as follows:
Add, at the end thereof, " Provided, That the same shall
not extend to the chaplain."
Thar the House of Representatives agree to the seventy-
first amendment of the Senate with an amendment, as
, follows:
, Strike out all after the word "which," on nineteenth
: line, to the end of the section, and insert " A sum equaJ.to
the proceeds of the sale, hereinafter directed, is hereby ap-
propriated "
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
amendment to the sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate do recede from its seventh, tenth, twenty-
first, twunty-firth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-seventh,
, forty-first, forty third, forty-sixth, forty-seventh, forty-
eighth, fifty-first, fifty-second, fifty-third, fifty-fourth, fifty-
fifth, fifty-seventh fifty-eighth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixty*
first, eix'iy-sixth, seventy-seventh, seventy-eighth, seventy-
, ninth, eighty-fourth, eighty-sixth, eighty-eighth, ninety-
first, ninety-fourth, ninety-sixth, one hundred and third,
one hundred and fourth, one hundred and fifth, one hundred
and seventh, one hundred and ninth, one hundred and tenth,
one hundred and eleventh, one hundred and sixteenth, one
hURdred and nineteenth, one hundred and twenty-first, one
hundred and tweoty-sixth, one hundred and twenty-eighth,
one hundred and twenty-ninth, one hundred and thirty-
eighth, and one hundred and forty first amendments to the
bill. And that the House of Representatives do concur in
the thirty-second, thirty-fifth, fiftieth, sixty-ninth, eighty-
seventh, eighty-ninth; one hundred and second, one uian-
' dred and twelfth, on^ hundred snd twenty-second, ons
