1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
hundred and twenty-fourth, one hundred and thirty-third,
and one hundred and thirty-seventh amendments of the
Senate.
GEORGE S. HOUSTON.
S. O. HAVEN,
BERNHART IJENN,
Managers on the part of the House.
R. M. t. hunter,
William c. dawson,
I. TOUCF.Y,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The following bIiows the action of the committee
of conference in detail:
The ninth amendment of the Senate was to
amend the House clause " for salaries of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court and eight Associate
Judges, $41,000," by striking; out " $41,000" and
inserting in lieu thereof " §63.000," and adding
thereto the following:
And from and after the passage of this act the annual
salaries of the several Justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall be as follows, to wit :ot the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court, $7,500; of the Associate Justices of
the Supreme Court, $7,000 each. And hereafter the messen-
gers attending the Supreme Courtshall he allowed the sum of
three dollars pe*. day each during their attendance, com-
mencing with the present term of the Court; and that the
marshal of the District of Columbia pay the same out of
any moneys of the United States in li'is hands.
The House amended the said Senate amend-
ment by striking out " §63,000," and inserting in
lieu thereof " $04,000;" bystrikingout" $7,500,"
and inserting in lieu thereof " §6,500;" and by
striking out" $7,000,"and insertingin lieu thereof
" $6,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
and eight Associate Justices, $54,000; and from and after
the passage of this act the annual salaries of the several
Justices of the Supreme Couit of the United Slates shall be
as follows, to wit: Of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court $6,500; of the Associate Justices $0,000 cach ; and
hereafter the messengers attending the Supreme Court be
allowed the sum of three dollais per day each, during their
attendance, commencing with the piesent term of the
Court, and that the marshal of the Di^rict of Columbia
pay the same out of any moneys of the United States ui his
hands.
The committee of conference recommend that
the Senate do concur in said House amfendment.
The fourteenth amendment of the Senate, among
other appropriations for foreign ministers, con-
tained the following clause:
For return allowances of ministers and commissioners
abroad, or so much thereof as may be necessary, $48,875.
The House amended the said amendment of
the Senate by striking out all of the clause. The
committee of conference recommend that the Sen-
ate do concur in said House amendment.
The one hundred and thirty-sixth amendment
of the Senate was to insert the following:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enactedt That, in accordance
with the memorial of the Menomonee Indian* to the Pres-
ident and Congress, dated the 4th of October, 1854, and
executed m general council of the nation, the Secretary of
the Treasury pay to Richard W. Thompson, out of any
money in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated, one half
of the amount stipulated in said memorial and in an agiee-
mentof said Indians with said Thompson, dated the 13th
of February, 1851, for Ins services, as attorney lor said
Indians, in the prosecution of a claim in their behalf for
additional compensation for lands ceded by them to the
United States by the treaty of 1848; and that the sum so
paid be deducted from the annuities, when due and payable,
that are to be paid to the said Indians under the treaty of
the 12th of May, 1854, and the amendments thereto.
The House amended the same by adding: " Pro-
vided, That the same be paid with the consent of
the Menomonees." The committee of conference
recommend that the Senate concur in such House
amendment.
The one hundred and forty-third amendment of
the Senate was to insert the following:
For the increased pay of the Fndian agents, and pay of
additional agents authorized by the act passed the 1st March,
1855, £6,^75.
The House amended the same by adding thereto
the following:
For fulfilling treaty with the Chippewa Indians, nego-
tiated February 22, 1855, $197,286 66 ;
For fulfilling treaties with the Wmnebagoes, per articles
of22d February, 1855, 673,700;
For fulfilling the articles with the Umpquas and Cala-
poorias of the ITmpqua Valley, Oregon, of the 29th Novem-
ber 1854, $23,980;
For fulfilling liie articles negotiated November 18,1854,
with certain bands of Shasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians,
$35,780;
For fulfilling treaties with the Rogue Itiver Indians, per
articles of 15th"November, 1854, $"2,150;
For fuililling the articles negotiated December 26,1854,
with certain bands of Indians of Puget's Sound, Washing-
ton Territory, $16,500;
For fulfilling the articles negotiated January 10, 1855,
with certain confederated bands of Calapoona, Molala, and
Ciackama Indians of Oregon, $62,280.
The committee of conference recommend that
the Senate concur in said amendment of the
House,
The twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate
was to amend the clause " for compensation of the
warden, clerkj physician, chaplain,assistant keep-
ers, guards, and porter of the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia, #11,229 31," by adding the
following:
And twenty per centum additional salary is hereby ap-
propriated, to be paid to the said officers of the penitentiary,
which per centum shall commcnce from the 1st day of
July, 1853.
The committee of conference recommend that
the House agree to the said Senate amendment,
with an amendment to add at the end thereof,
" Provided, That the same shall not extend to the
chaplain."
The seventy-first amendment of the Senate was
in reference to the marine hospital at Chelsea,
Massachusetts, as follows:
Sioc. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon the tract
so to be selected arid set apart, there nhall be erected,under |
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, a marine '
hospital lor said district, of faced brick, extenor wallsupon
a hammered gianite underpinning, one hundred'and torty
feet long, fifty-two feet deep in the center, and one hundred
lcet deep at the wings, and forty five feet high from top of
entrance—story floor to the eaves, with verandas to -each
story on each side between the wings, and on each end of
the building; for the constitution of which the sum of
$192,000, with the addition thereto of ten per centum for
contingencies, i& heieby appropnated, out of any money in
the Treasury not othenviseappropnated.
The committee of conference recommend that
the House agree to said amendment of the Sen-
ate, with an amendment to strike out all after the
words " construction of which" to the end of the
section, and insert " a sum equal to the proceeds
of the sale hereinafter directed, is hereby appro-
priated."
The sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate was
to insert the following:
For completing the publication of the works of the Ex-
ploring Expedition, $29,320.
The House amended the same by adding thereto
the following:
Pioriiie<1, That there he printed by the public printer,
and bound under the direction of the Joint Committee on
Printing, one thousand copies of the Nairative and Scien-
tific Reports of the Exploring Expedition under Captain
Charles Wilkes, of the United States Navy, together with
the plates, maps, and charts accompanying the same ; the
said work lobe distributed as follows; One copy, or full
set, to each member of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the present Congress; one copy, or full set, to
some library or literary institution easily accessible to the
public in each congressional district, to be designated by
the Representative therefrom ; and one copy, or full set, to
some library or literary institution, to be designated by each
Senatoi iht remaining copies to be distributed by the State
Department as now provided lor by law : Provided further,
That nothing shall be paid to Captain Wilkes for his copy-
right.
The committee of conference recommend that
the House do recede from its said amendment and
agree to the Senate amendment.
The committee of conference recommend that
the Senate do recede from its following amend-
ments:
Seventh amendment:
Page 40, strike out lines twenty-six, twenty-seven, and
twenly emhr. as follows :
" Provided, All blank books, binding, and ruling the same
for the several Executive Departments herein appropnated
for. ehall be furnished under the direction and supervision
of the Superintendent of Public Priming."
Tenth amendment:
And in the settlement of the acchunts of the late United
States attorney, the late marshal, and the clerk of the Uni-
ted States distnet court of the northern district of Califor-
nia, the whole or aggicgato amount of fees, compensation
and emoluments, at the iates prescribed for said offices, sev-
erally, in the second, eighth, and ninth sections of an act
of Congress, chapter eighty-six, approved September 28,
1850, shall be allowed and paid them,severally, for the ser-
vices rendered by them, respectively, prior to the 28th day
of February, 1853, as taxed by the judge of said court.
Twenty-first amendment:
To enable the Secietaryof State, through the diplomatic
and consular representatives of the United State? in foreign
countries, to afford relief and to provide the means of re-
turning home to &oeh citizens of the United States in for-
eign countries as may be reduced to a state of destitution
of the necess.mes of life, by shipwreck or the necessity
abandonment of the vessel in which they had embarked;
and also to such citizens of the United States as, being on
their way from one part of the United States to another,
have become destitute m foreign countnes, m consequence
of shipwreck, disease, or any other casualty, $20,000.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For filling up the present canal basin and the construc-
tion of two new basins, and for clearing out the Washing-
ton branch of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, the sum of
$46,408 40 is hereby appropriated: Provided, however, That
no money shall be expended untd the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company shall raise the bridges in Georgetown across
the canal to the height required by the report of Lieuten-
ant B. S. Alexander to the Secretary of War, of date of
10th of February, 1855 : *Snd provided further, That said
work shall be done according to ihe plans and estimates
submitted m the report of said Lieutenant Alexanderif said
plans and estimates shall meet the approval of the Secretary
of War; and said appropriation shall be expended under
his direction.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
For making a culvert and improving Judiciary square,
$5,000.
Thirtieth amendment:
For repairing and extending the culvert running from the -
Capitol grounds down the center of South Capitol street,
towards the canal, $5,000.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For allowances for fuel, quarters, and transportation, and
for per diem to officers under special direction of the War
Department, for which there is no appropriation available
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1855, $5,563 IS.
Forty-iirst amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury cause the account
of William Hunter, chief clerk in the Department of State,
for services rendered by him as acting Secretary of State,
m the absence of the Secretary, arid under appointment of
the President, during the years 1852 and 1853, to be settled
in such manner as to allow liim the difference between the
compensation of a chief clerk and that of Secretary of
State during the several periods he acted in the latter
capacity, to he paid out of any money in -the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Forty-third amendment:
For compensation to Mr. Rich, as acting charge d'af-
faires in Mexico, from the 2d day of August to the 30th day
of November, 1852, three months and thirty days, which
shall be in full for ail demand for such services fqr the
period named, $830:
Forty-sixth amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by, directed to audit and settle the accounts of George P.
Mar?h, late minister resident of the United States to the
Ottoman Porte, for additional compensation, and expenses
incurred by him in the performance of special services not
pertaining to his mission, and at a point different from that to
which he was accredited, in compliance with instructions
from the Department of State, and for judicial services ren-
dered by him under the act of August 31, 1848, entitled '"An
act to carry into effect certain provision? in the treaties be-
tween the United States and China and the Ottoman Porte,
giving certain judicial powers to the ministers and consuls
of the United States in those countries." In settling .
which account's the sum of §9,000 sha?) be allowed as com-
pensation for said special services in the mission to Greece;
and m ascertaining the amount of said expenses, the cerlifi-^
cate of the paity shall be regarded op sufficient where no
regular voucher can be procured ; and a further allowance,
at the rate of $1,000 per annum, shall be made to the said
George P. Marsh, for his judicial services during the,period
of his said mission to the Ottoman Porte, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
and that the sum of $18,000 be paid to John S. Pendleton,
in full compensation of his services in the missions in
which he was associated with Mr. Schenck, deducting
anything he may heretofore have received as compensation
for the same.
Forty-seventh amendment:
For compensation to John V. Brown, as acting charg*
d'affaires at Constantinople for twelve months and nineteen
days, between the 20th day of July, 1852, and the 31st day
ot January, 1854, winch shall be m full for all demand for
such services for the period named, §2,116 12.
Forty-eighth^amendment:
For compensation to Joseph Graham. United States con-
sul to Buenos Avies, as acting chared d'affaires at that
place from the 3d day of August to the 11th day of Septem-
ber, 1852, and from the 25th day of November, 1852, to the
26th day of March, 1853, an aggregate period of five months
and ten days, wliic.h shatl be m full of all demand for such
services for the period named, §980 50.
Fifty-first amendment:
For compensation to Hemy Savage. United States consul
at Guatemala, for his services in taking charge of and pre-
serving the aichivesof the former legation of the United
States at that place, and communicating to his Government
at home, legutaily, useful and highly important infonudUon
during the njveral intervals oi nom February. 18f 0, to No-
vember. 1833, from May, 1842, to November, 1848, and from
May, 1850, to February, 18.>4, an aggregate of totirteen
ye/irs. du.ing which the United States have had no other
diplomatic or consular agent at that place, $14,000.
Fifty-second amendment:
For compensation to George N. Lippett, United States
consul nt Vif-nna, for taking chaipe ot the archives of the
United State* legation at that place, and perfunnins diplo-
matic services from the 13th d,iv of Oetnoor to the 10th dav
of December, 1S52, and from the2lst dav of Mav to the
13th day of September, l&,3, an aggregate period of five
mouths and twenty-one days, $l.07o"J0.
Fifty-third amendment:
comPensation to Feter Parker, as acting charafi
a, a* Canton. China,from the 24thday of*May« 1852,
to the «ilst day of January, 1853, and from the 27tn dav of
January to thy 3 4th da> of April. 1854, an aggregate period
^ tc  r5oritSiS ai!d nty-five days, which shall be ui full
r fmand lor such services for the period named,
$l,buo v>4.
