1190
THE CONGRESSONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
States court room at Bangor, Maine, $1,500 for each,
making §4,500 : the appropnation for the custom-house to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury; that for the post office under the Postmaster
General; and that for the court room under the Secretary
of the luterior.
One hundred and second amendment:
For the repaiis of the Potomac, navy yard, and upper
bridge"!, and to refund to the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, $ J ,000, advanced to him by the Corporation of Wash-
ington in 1653, and expended on the Potomac bridge,
$10,000.
One hundred and twelfth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officer of the Department of the Interior be author-
ized and directed to audit and settle the claim of .John
Random, deceased, a friendly Creek Indian, of the half
blood, for losses sustained and property destroyed by the
hostile Creek Indians in the war of 3814, in such manner
and upon such terms as may be just and equitable; the
amount, when so ascertained, to be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the heirs and
legal representatives of said John Random : Provided, That
the amouut shall not exceed the t>um of $5,925,
One hundred and twenty-second amendment:
Sec. —. J2nd be it further enacted. That the seventh sec-
tion of the act of I81I1 January, 1837, entitled Ci An act
supplementary to an act establishing the Mint and regula-
ting the coins of the United States,5' be so amended as to
extend the allowance for the animal salary of the clerks in
the branch Mint of the United States at New Orleans to
$1,800 from and after the 1st day of July, 1854, at the dis-
cretion of the officers authorized by law to appoint, with
the approbation of the President of the United States.
One hundred and twenty-fourth amendment:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury arc hereby
authorized to allow to the secretary of the Territory of Ne-
braska the difference between the salary of the Governor
of said Territory and his salary as secretary, during the
peiiod he acted as Governor after the decease of, and until
the arrival m the Territory of the successor of, the late Gov-
ernor Burt, which amount, after being ascertained, is pay-
able out of the appropriation for salaries of Governor, three
judges, and secretary of said Territory as made by Congress
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1855.
One hundred and thirty-third amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
required to settle and adjust the accounts of John Adair,
collector of customs at Astoria, Oregon, upon fair and
equitable principles, taking into consideration the particular
cncumstances of the case.
One hundred and thirty-seventh amendment, re-
lating to the chaplain of the penitentiary in the
District of Columbia:
And the annual compensation of the chaplain of the
penitentiary shall be AtSUO, to commence from the present
fiscal year.
Mr. FULLER. I think there is a mistake in
reference to the seventieth amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the amendment in
relation to the marine hospital at Chelsea, in Mas-
sachusetts. The House last evening passed an
appropriation of §190,000, upon the motion of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] for the
erection of a marine hospital at that point. The
committee of conference could not find that amend-
ment, hut believing it to be the desire of the House
that an appropriation should be made for that pur-
pose we have changed the Senate amendment so
far as to appropriate the proceeds of the lot, which
was authorized by a vote of the House to be sold,
for the erection of the building.
Mr. FULLEPi. But the House concurred in
that amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. The seventieth amendment
authorized the Secretary to purchase a lotatsome
particular point. The seventy-first appropriated
$190,000', and the seventy-second authorized the
sale of the present lot. The House agreed to the
seventieth and seventy-second, butdisagreed to the
Beventy-first. When the seventy-first was disa-
greed to the gentleman from Maine—I called his
attention at the time to the subject—moved an
amendment attaching an appropriation of'§190,000
to the seventy-second amendment, and that is the
amendment which we have not been able to find.
Believing such to be the desire of the House we
have provided an ample appropriation for this
year.
Mr. FULLER. Very well.
Mr. HOUSTON, i have not the bill before me,
although 1 have sent for it. It is necessary that
the clerks should have it for the purpose of en-
grossment. If any gentleman, however, desires an
explanation about any of the amendments, I am
prepared to give it. I ask the previous question
on tiie adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to bo put; which was,
" Shall the report of the committee be agreed to?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. On that question { call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee was agreed to. v
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to what I consider a priv-
ileged question, if the House will indulge me one
minute. I rise to what I consider to be not only
a privileged question, but a question of justice to
myself, lest any imputation might rest upon me.
Owing to the manner in which the report was laid
on the Clerk's desk, and while I was only referring
to my own memorandum to state the amendments
in which the committee of conference recommended
the House should concur, I have neglected to
notice one matter; and I now desire that, by unan-
imous consent, the House will proceed to act on it.
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. PHELPS. Some time since an act, or
joint resolution, was passed directing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to send an expedition in search
of Dr. Kane, and those men who had set out on
the Arctic expedition with him. The Secretary
of the Navy estimated that $150,000 would be
necessary for the purpose. It was an appropria-
tion demanded by existing laws. The House
committee concurred in the amendment of the
Senate; but I had neglected to notice it before.
[Cries of " All right!"]
SALARIES OF LAND REGISTERS.
The question recurred on Mr. Miller's mo-
tion to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking
from the Speaker's table the bill indicated by him;
and on that- motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell,
Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chastain,Clark, CIing-
man, Cobb, Cummmg, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas
Davis, De Witt, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy,
Edgerton, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Eihendge, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goodrich, Good-
win, Greenwood, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hendricks, Hibbard, IIill, Houston, Hughes, Johnson,
George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Lane, Letcher,
Lmdley,LindeIey, Lyon, Macdonald,McDous[aH, McNair,
Mace, Matteson, Maxwell. May, Mayall, Middle&warth,
Smith Miller, Noble, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker,
Peckham, Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips, Pratt, Pur-
year, Keese, David Ritchie, Robbms, RulSn, Sabin, Sage,
Seward, Shannon, Shover, George W". Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, llestor L. Stevens, Strat-
um, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor,Teller, Thurs-
ton, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Walker, WaMey, Elhhu B.
Washhurne, Wells, Westbrook, Witte, and Daniel B.
Wright—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Bnstow, Carpenter, Cas-
kie, Cox, Curtis, Farley, Giddmgs, Grey, Aaron Harlan,
IJiester, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Lilly, McMullen, Millson,
Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Peck,
Bishop Perkins,* Pringie, Ready, Russell, Sapp, Shaw, Sim-
mons, Skelton, Tracy, Trout, Wade, Wal$h, Israel Wash-
burn, Tappan Wcmworih, and Wheeler—33,
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. DOW DELL said: I have been present at
the whole sitting of the body, but I have not voted
on this question bccause I consider it wrong to
legislate on the Sabbath except for the appropria-
tion bills.
So the rules were suspended; and the bill was
taken from theSpeaker's table, and read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the previous question en
the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main queslion was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MILLER. I call for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
CATHARINE M. IIAMER.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to take up Senate bill
(No. 650) for the relief of Catharine M. Harrier,
widow of the late General Thomas L. Hamer.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to it. A pretty scene
this of a Sunday morning!
The bill was reported. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Catharine
M. Hamer, widow of the late Brigadier General
Hamer, on the pension roll at the same rate as
that of Margaret L. Worth, widow of the late
Brevet Major General Worth.
Mr. LINDLEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking up this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLlN. I submit a motion that the
House take a recess till half-past eleven o clock!
at which time I presume the business will be
finished.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair decides
that that motion is not in order.
Mr. McMULLlN. I think that similar motions
have been heretofore entertained.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia point to a single instance, since
he has been in Congress, when that motion was
entertained in the House?
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I will bring myself
within the rule of precedence, and I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is not in order, as
there is a motion pending to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is so; there
is a motion already pending to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
80, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Alien, A§he, Banks,
Barksd&Ie, Barry, Bell, Brooks, Campbell, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chastain, Ciark, Cox, Cumming, Cutting, John
G. Davis, Thomas Bavis, Dickinson, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Ellison, English, Florence, Greenwood, Aaron
TIarlan, Andrew J. Barlan, Harrison, Hendricks, Hill,
Hughes, Kerr, I.amb, Lmdiey, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Dougall, McNair, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, May,
Mayall, Middleswarlb, Noble, Olds, Orr, Packer, Parker,
Peckiia'm, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Reese, ltobbms, Ruffin,
Sage, Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, William R.
Bntilli, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor
T,. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuait, John L.Taylor, Teller,
Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Elhhu B. Waehburne,
John Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte and Hendrick B.
Wright—80.
NAY?—Messrs. Boyce, Bristow, Bugs, Carpenter, Cas-
kie, Chngman, Cobb, Curtis, Dunham, Thomas D. ESi«t,
Farley, Flagler, GitWmgs, Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, Lewis, Lilly, Maedonald,
McMullin, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Peck, Bishop Perkins, Sabm, Skelton, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Tracy, Walbridge, Walsil, Israel
Washburn, Wheeler, and Zollicoffer—39.
So the rules were suspended.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BENTON appeared in the door fronting
the Speaker's desk, and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Was the .gen-
tleman within the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. BENTON. No, sir. I am here, sir. I
appear outside the bar, sir, as an ex-member of
Congress, to protest against any man calling my
name. If any man calls my name I will sue him,
sir.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Missouri is out of order.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir. And if the Ser-
geant-at-Arms attempts to arrest me, I will sue
, him, sir.
j The SPEAKER pro tempore. If thegentleman
I from Missouri is not a member of the House, the
| Doorkeeper will keep him outside the Hall,
j [Roars of laughter, and cries of " Good I"]
j Mr. LINDLEY moved the previous question
; on the third reading of the bill.
j The previous question was seconded, and the
j main question ordered to be put.
j The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
! and was accordingly read the third time,
i Mr. MACE moved the previous question on
; the passage of the bill.
! Mr. McMULLlN. I rise to a question of order,
1 and I beg the attention of the House to it. Con-
| gress have already passed a bill referring all pri-
j vate claims to a board of claims, whose duty it
| is to examine and report upon them. The sub-
: ject of this claim is not, and cannot be, before the
| House until a reconsideration of that resolution
i is had.
