1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules thepoint
of order made by the gentleman from Virginia, for
the reason that the resolution to which he refers
expressly provided, that such bills as were undis-
posed of at the end of the present Congress should be
referred to the board of claims.
Mr. McMULLIN. According to the decision
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
Congress is now at an end. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
DUTIES OP COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Committee on Enrolled Bills report
that it is utterly impossible to compare all the bills
accurately between the present time and the hour
of adjournment. The bills are enrolled, and the
committee believe that they are accurately enrolled,
but they are unwilling, unless they obtain thecon-
sentof the House, to piesentthem in their present
shape, without accurately reading them, word for
■word, as they usually do. The Senate have given
their consent, unanimously, to this course of pro-
ceeding, and I now ask the House to grant the
earns consent.
Mr. W ALSfl. On condition that no other
business is transacted. I object unless there is a
cessation of all other business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move a suspension of the
rules then.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. Houston's motion that the Committee
on Enrolled Bills have leave to report without ac-
curately examining all the bills, was then agreed
to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled House bill
(No. 579) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856;
■which thereupon received the signature of the
MRS. HAMER—AGAIN.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 92, nays 24; and follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Aslie, David J, Bailey, Bank*, Barksdnle, Barry, Bell,
Brooks, Buge, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chand-
ler, Clark, Cumming, Curtis, Cuttm?, John G Davis,
Thomas Davis, Disney, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, John M. Ulliott, Dlhson, English, Farley, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Aaron Har-
lan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester, Hill,
Hu«lies, Johnson, Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox, Lamb,
Lmdalcy, McCulloch, McDnujall, MeNair, Mace, Maey,
Mat'eson, May, Mayall, Muldleswarth, Smilh Miller,
Nichols, Noble, Orr, Parker, Pccltliam, Pennington, Phil-
lips, Pratl, Purycar, Ready, Reese, Until n, Russell, Sabm,
Sage, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, He'stor L. Stevens, Stratton, Andrew
Smart, John L. Tailor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Teller, Trout,
Tweed, Vansant, Walker, Elhhu B. Waslihurne, Wells,
John Wentworlh, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick
B. Wright—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Belcher, Bristow, Chnsman, Clmgman,
Cobb, Faulkner, Flagler, Fuller, Goode, Grow, Hendricks,
Ilibbard, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Letcher,
Lindiey, MaedonaIR, Millson, Murray, Norton, William
Smith, John J,^Taylor, and Wheeler—il4.
No quorum voting.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled House bill
(No. 569) making appropriations for the support
of the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856, and for other purposes; which thereupon
received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that a
committee of two be appointed, to join such com-
mittee as may be appointed on the part of the Sen-
ate, to wait upon the President of the United
States, and inform him that theThirty-Third Con-
gress have closed their labors, and are ready to ad-
journ if he has no further communications to make
to tiiem.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee and the House will indulge the Chair in
ascertaining whether there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
House, and announced that there were one hun-
died and sixty-six gentlemen present.
Mr. DISNEY. I appeal to the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw hio resolution until the
case now pending is disposed of. I believe that
a quorum i-s present.
The SPEAKER. There is a quorum in the
House, but no quorum voted. By unanimous
consent, gentlemen whose names do not appear
on the list will be allowed to vote.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jokes's
resolution, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, and Chandler, as the committee on
the part of the House,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Cleik inform the Senate that the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Third Congress have
closed their labors, and are now ready to adjourn.
LEAVE TO PRINT A SPEECH.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Before that proposi- ;j
tion is voted upon, I hava a request to make of i
this House. I have beon desirous during the ses- 'I
sion of submitting some remarks upon the ques- j
tions involved in the recent election in our State, !
end I was desirous, also, to some extent, to discuss jl
questions raised by the proposition, notice of j
which was given by my colleague, [Mr. Mace,] ij
!> I have been unwilling, however, to trespass upon !|
' the time of the House, and I simply desire now, }
if I can get time, to write out my remarks upon
these subjects, asking the leave of the House to
publish them.
Mr. KEiTT. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we have
done enough.
Mr. ELLIOTT. 1 wish to offer a resolution.
I do "not care whether it is voted down or not.
[Cries of '• 1 abject!" " I object!"]
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. 1 desire to ask a
special favor of the House.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I have already asked one in
advance. -
Mr. LANE. The favor I ask is leave to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. WALSH, i object.
Mr. LANE. It is due'to the House that I should
make it.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I object until I can be per-
mitted to present my matter. I ask that my res-
olution may be read.
The SPEAKER. _ It is objected to by twenty
members upon the right of the Chair. The gen-
tleman from Oregon again appeals to the House
to be heard by way of personal explanation.
Mr, PECK. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for a vote
upon the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. TWEED. I move to suspend the rules
to allow the gentleman from Oregon to make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Tenne?see takes precedence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. The House
will bear me witness that I have been a modest,
unassuming young member, and I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House that I may re- j!
| port Senate bi'l No. 157, and  •!
j [Cnes of "Object!" "Object!"] j!
| Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to suspend the jj
: rules. |i
; The SPEAKER. The motion of thegentle- j,
j man from Tennessee is a privileged motion, and jj
must be nut if insisted on. jl
, Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. We are about to ji
! separate, and the gentleman from Oregon desires :j
to make a very brief'personal explanation touch- i
| ing the difficulty which occurred between himself ,j
and another member of this House, arid I hope ,
1 the House will hear him. We are ail about to j
I part, and let us depart in peace.
Mr. MORGAN. We have had enough of ,
! that thing, and I want no more of it upon this j
i floor. ■
Mr. LANE. I desire to say that which is due |
to the House, and especially to the gentleman ij
! from Maine, [Mr. Farley,] who has always
■ been a friend of the Territories. jl
j Mr. MORGAN. I object, U
Mr. HUNT. I hope the House will allow the
gentleman to say what he desires.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire if it is in
order to move to suspend the rules to enable the
gentleman from Oregon to proceed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee is
a privileged motion, and must be first put to the
House.
The question was then put upon the motion of
Mr. Jones; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. As there seems to be a gen-
eral desire to here the gentleman from Oregon, I
will not insist upon my objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was here received from the President
of the United States, by Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary, informing the House thaf the
President had this day approved and ngned a
joint resolution and bills of the following titles:
A bill further supplemental to an act to author-
ize the payment for property lost, captured, or
destroyed by the enemy while in the military
service of the United States, and for other pur-
poses;
An act to improve the laws of the District of
Columbia, and to codify the same;
A bill further to amend the act entitled " An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage in
the United States, and for other purposes," passed
March 3, 1851;
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1856, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th June, 1856;
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act for the
relief of George 1V1. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana," approved August 5, 1854; and
Joint resolution makingappropriations for the
payment of those entitled to the Benefit of the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
United States, passed March 3, 1855, voting ex-
tra compensation to pages, foldesrs, and others.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I feel it due to the
House, as well as to myself and to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Farley,] that I should have the
opportunity of saying that I would not be myself
could I entertain unkind and unfriendly feelings
towards any fellow-member. Such feelings have
no resting place within my breast. Under cir-
cumstances of excitement we often do that which
we would not in our calmer and unimpassioned
moments. At a time, Mr. Speaker, when I be-
lievethat very muchdepended, indeed, everything,
upon the consideration of territorial business, a
discussion sprung up in this House, which occa-
sioned, for a time, some warmth of feeling be-
tween myself and the gentleman from Maine.
Angry words ensued; but I now desire to say to
that gentleman, and to the House, that up to that
time I had felt under obligation to him for his
friendly action towards the Territories. He was a
member of the Committee on Territories. I knew
him well, and appreciated his liberal action, and
now, in taking leave of him, and of other mem-
bers of the House, I cannot refrain from saying
that I have not, in my heart, any unkind feelings,
towards any member of this body, and I thank
God I have not. We may differ in purposes,
differ upon measures, differ upon all matters re-
lating to the country, and differ honestly, too. I
have a right to my own opinions, and other gen-
tlemen have a right to theirs. If I have done any-
thing against the order, decorum, and dignity of
this House—anything for which blame could be
ascribed to me—1 beg the pardon of the House;
and feeling that I never had any such deliberate
purpose, I know, from their justice and gener-
osity, it will be granted to me. In leaving this
Hall I entertain the warmest and kindliest feeling
of personal regard for each and every member.
There is not an unkind feeling in my heart toward
the gentleman from Maine. I hope always to
meet him as a friend.
Mr. FARLEY, Mr. Speaker, 1 have always
had a strong aversion to personal collisions of any
description upon this floor. Whatever I may
have said, or done, on the occasion alluded to by
the gentleman from Oregon, in violation ef the
rules of this House, and of that decorum which
