1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3, 1855.
should always distinguish a deliberative body H(^e
this, I regret,and I ask that it may be overlooked.
1 felt, at that time, I had a reason for my course
in what had transpired prior to the breach of order
on my part.
I have heard with gratification the remarks
which have been made by the gentleman from
Oregon. I reciprocate the disposition which he
haa manifested for a proper understanding of the
difficulty between us, which, on reflection, I think
was accidental. I am pleased that he has given
me an opportunity to declare to him, and to the
House, that down to the very moment it occurred,
I had said nothing which I intended should be in
the slightest degree oilensive or disrespectful to
him. The relations which had previously existed
between us were of a gentlemanly character. I
shall now forget their unpleasant interruption, and
consider those relations restored.
Mr. GREENWOOD. With the permission of
the House 1 will say a single word of explana-
tion. It will be recollected by those around me,
that, for a day or two, 1 have been earnestly endeav-
oring to have taken up Senate bill (No. 277) for
the relief of Theresa Dardenne, widow of Abraham
Dardenne, deceased, and their children. Up to
this time I have been unsuccessful in obtaining
the floor to submit the necessary motion. It is
due to myself, to my collengue in the Senate, as
well as my colleague in this House, that I should
make known my efforts to represent them in
regard to the public business.
Mr. LYON. Mr. Speaker, to-day is the Sab-
bath, and the good book tells us that it is right to
do good on that day. I therefore appeal to gen-
tlemen to allow me to take up, and have put on its
passage, Senate bill (No. 444) for the relief of
Nancy D. Holkar, a poor widow, who is ninety-
seven j^earsold. Her claim has been reported on
seven times in the Senate, and five times in the
House, and has passed successively each one of
these bodies.. The committees were unanimous
in their report, and I now ask unanimous consent
for the purpose which I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. There are but nineteen re-
maining minutes of the session. Within that
time, the gentleman is aware that it is impossible
to pass a bill.
Mr. VANSANT. I have a case of a poor old
widow, which is equally meritorious and deserv-
ing of consideration as the one referred to by the
gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. At twelve m. the Speaker
will adjourn this body.
Mr. LYON. If the yeas and' nays are called
I will withdraw the bill. 1 appeal to the whole
House on the score of humanity.,
Mr. WALSH. I object. I have several bills
of the same character which I should like to have
considered.
Mr. LYON. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose which I have indicated.
The SX^EAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules, if the Chair is
correctly informed; and another motion to sus-
pend, until that is disposed of, cannot, therefore,
be entertained.
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Speaker, with the per-
j mission of the House I will say a word of ex-
| planation, because some of my constituents have
; expected that 1 would do what I have been unable
i to do; for, without intending to cast the slightest
I reflection on the Speaker, I have been, among a
I great many others, so unfortunate as to have failed
i in obtaining the floor. Many have been disap-
, pointed. Had I obtained the floor two hours ago,
I should have offered a bill extending the benefits
of the laws giving pensions to revolutionary sol-
diers who had served over six months to those
who had served less than that time—for three,
four, and five months. This much I feel bound
to say in justice to myself.
COMPENSATION OP MESSENGERS.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer
a resolution in reference to the messengers of this
House. If there be objection I will not press it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House has
| just resolved that they have concluded their busi-
' ness, and are only waiting for the other House to
adjourn. After such a resolution has been adopted
and sent to the other House, is there any power
of action here ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would be
a contradiction of the message which the House
has just sent to the Senate; but, nevertheless, the
Chair would not decide that it is not competent
for the House still to transact business if it shall
think proper.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he is here-
by, directed to pay oil the messengers of the Ilouae that
receive less pay than the messengers standing at the doors
of the Hall, the same pay as is now paid thein, and com-
mencing with the last fiscal year.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to that resolution.
Mr. WELLS. Is it not in order to move to
suspend the n?les to enable me to introduce it?
The SPEAKER, The Chair decides that such
a motion would not be in order, for the reason that
the House was acting under a suspension of the
rules when it was interrupted by the privileged
motion made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.]
Mr. STANTON. I beg to state that there are
two young men who accompany the mail mes-
sengers of the House when they convey the mail
to our houses. These young men are not em-
ployed by the House of Representatives. They
are employed.by the messengers themselves.
Mr. Jones, ofTennessee, and Mr. Chandler,
the committee to wait upon the President, here
entered the Hall.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The committee of
the House, appointed to wait upon the President
of the United States and inform him that the Thir-
ty-Third Congress had closed its labors and was
ready to adjourn, have discharged that duty, and
have learned from the President that he has no
further communication to make.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Ten minutes before twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. ORR. I move that this House do now
adjourn sine die.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER then rose, and said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tives.; Beyond expressing the hope that our la-
bors may contribute to the common welfare,it may
be regarded out of place for me to refer to our acts
of legislation. Before announcing the final ad-
journment of this body, however, I desire, in an
especial manner, to make you my sincere and
heartfelt acknowledgments for the liberal support,
marked respect, and positive personal kindness
■which, at all times and under all circumstances, I
have received at your hands. And again, I feel
that I am under scarcely less obligation to you for
the very cordial and impressive terms in which
you have been pleased to manifest your approba-
tion of my conduct as your presiding officer. In
all sincerity I may say I have never witnessed,
and I doubt whether, in the whole history of legis-
lative proceedings, it can be shown that a greater
share of forbearance and respectful consideration
has ever been exercised towards any presiding
officer than that which you have generously ac-
corded to me.,
Being about to exchange the toils and cares of
official station for the more quiet and peaceful pur-
suits of private life, bearing with me the conscious-
ness that, in my official conduct, I have at least
aimed well, these testimonials, in connection with
the oft-repeated expression of unfaltering confi-
dence on the part of my fellow-citizens at home,
will be forever cherished by me as among the mo3t
gratifying recollections of my past life. In this
connection it is a pleasing task to bear testimony
to the general courtesy and personal kindness
which has prevailed one toward another through-
out this Hall.
If, springing from the exciting causes to which
we have been subjected, occasional ebullitions of
unfriendly feeling have arisen, they have, I trust,
passed away, and will be remembered no more.
Cordially sharing the pleasure this must afford
to all, and with feelings of unmixed personal
kindness toward each of you, I bid you adieu.
This House stands adjourned without day.
The Speaker's address was received with ap-
plause; and, after many expressions of regard
towards him and towards each other, the mem-
bers of the Thirty-Third Congress separated for
their homes in the various parts of the country.
House Hall, Washington, march 3,18o5.
Publisher of the Globe:
Dear Sir: General Whitfield, the Delegate from
Kans-as Territory, has called niv altention to a letter of his,
quoted m my published remarks on the Senate's amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bili. He says that " the
lands referred to m that letter were lands belonging to (he
Kaw half-breed Indians; ihat they lie above the Delaware
country, on the Kansa« river, and belonging, as they did, to
individual Indians, who held them under reservations Jong
since made, and ha\ins? upon them abundance of valuable
timber, they have a value, in his opinion, above 'hose of
the Delaware, which wpre not well timbered, and which
were owned by the nation m compion.51 As it is impossi-
ble to get the floor at this stage of the session, for an expla-
nation of any kind, and as the treaty, and the proposed
evasion of it by the Senates amendment, were the main
points in the discussion, I desire vou to mibiit-h tbis. in
order that General Whitfield may not incur the choree of
inconsistency. s
Respectfully yours, m. II. NICHOLS.
