
Mr. Dodge stated to me that they had paid me as if he was a lieutenant instead of captain. This I do not understand and am afraid to sign my papers and send them back to Washington unless all will be made right if he returns himself.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 29, 1862.

Brigadier-General MORGAN, Cublerland Gap:

By a general order of this Department the President has ordered that no military execution shall take place unless sanctioned first expressly by him. You will suffer no one to be hung or otherwise maltreated after surrender but send them safely to some depot for prisoners of war, not permitting them to go into the hands of any one who would personally harm them. Where persons come in and take the oath of allegiance you will give them the same protection so long as it is observed that you would other citizens of the United States. I understand from your dispatch that Bales and Ewing come within this rule; if they do you will administer the oath of allegiance and afford them such protection conditional upon their loyalty as may be conveniently within your power and as you would give other citizens, not pledging yourself or the Government to anything beyond that. No protection is to be granted to the persons or property of persons disloyal or hostile to the Government except such as is due to prisoners of war. *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, June 29, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I hasten to inform you that I have arrested Judge Bartol, judge of the court of appeals. He has been engaged with a Mr. Charbonier in transmitting information to the rebels at Richmond. Charbonier escaped yesterday with a bag and letters from the judge and probably has gone to Richmond. This information is obtained from the most reliable sources. I should like some secret-service money. I understand Major-General Dix has or had $1,000 for that purpose deposited in some bank in this city. The news from the White House is not favorable. It is said that Jackson is between McClellan and the White House. Only four gun-boats to protect our supplies at the landing.

[JOHN E. WOOL,]

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 29, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The principle recognized by the laws and usages of war and the one on which I have always acted in this department is that medical officers are not to be retained as prisoners of war when their services are not required to take care of their own sick and wounded. Paragraph IV, of General Orders, Numbers 60, introduces an entirely new principle

---------------

*This dispatch is in answer to Morgan to Stanton June 27, Series I, Vol. XVI, Part I, p. 1009.

---------------

