
not recognized by the laws of war and which will lead to great inconvenience. It is impossible for our own medical officers after a battle to attend the sick and wounded prisoners, and usually it is impossible for some weeks to hire citizen surgeons for that purpose. In such cases humanity requires that the captured medical officers be retained for that purpose. I respectfully suggest that the paragraph be changed so as to conform to the heretofore established rules as recognized in Europe.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS, June 29, 1862.

Governor H. R. GAMBLE, Saint Louis:

The Secretary of War has assumed direction and provided for the disposition of prisoners of war at Nashville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 123. Memphis, Tenn., June 29, 1862.

* * * *

IV. Arrests being frequently made on representations of citizens who afterward decline to appear to give evidence or to furnish names of witnesses to substantiate the charges, it is directed that hereafter in all such cases the prisoner be released and the party causing the arrest be confined or banished from the city, as the case may seem to require. The circulation of unfounded rumors through the city, now so prevalent, being calculated to create uneasiness and fear in the minds of the citizens will hereafter be prohibited. The provost-marshal will in such cases arrest the parties guilty of violating this order and place them outside our lines with directions to treat them as spies if ever taken within them thereafter. In all cases where persons are placed outside the lines under this order an accurate description of the person will be recorded in the office of the provost-marshal.

* * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Chicago, June 29, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: I think it proper to report to you instructions in relation to affairs at Camp Douglas heretofore given to your predecessor and which it appears have been lost.

You are held responsible for the security of the prisoners of war under your charge and will make such disposition of the force under your command and such arrangements of the prisoners in companies or divisions in the barracks as will best accomplish this purpose. The presence of the prisoners will be verified by daily roll-calls, and every morning a report will be made in writing of each company showing the number present, the sick discharged, escaped and died, giving the names and particulars under the last three heads.

