
The fund of the prisoners hospital will be kept separate from that of the hospital of the guards and will be disbursed for the sole benefit of the sick prisoners on the recommendation of the surgeon in charge approved by you.

A general fund will be created by withholding such part of the rations as may not be necessary, the surplus to be purchased by the commissary as provided for by existing regulations, and this fund will be disburse under your directions in the purchase of such articles as may be necessary for the health and comfort to the prisoners and which otherwise would have to be purchased by the Government. Among these articles are all table furniture, cooking utensils, articles for police purposes, bed-ticks and straw and the mans of improving or enlarging the barrack accommodations. All such articles will be purchased on the requisition of and through the quartermaster with your approbation.

The extra pay of clerks who have charge of the letters and keep the accounts of the private funds deposited by prisoners may be paid from this fund. The commissary will be responsible for the funds, will keep the necessary accounts and will keep you advise from time to time of the amount on hand. The sutler is entirely under your control, and you will see that [he] furnishes proper articles and at reasonable rates, and you will impose a tax upon him for the privilege according to the amount of his trade. This tax will make part of the fund available for the prisoners' benefit.

Visitors will not be permitted in the camp except the near relations (loyal people) of prisoners who may be seriously ill. This order will in no case be violated unless with my sanction.

All articles contributed by friends of the prisoners in whatever shape they come if proper to be received will be carefully distributed as the donors may request, such articles as are intended for the sick passing through the hands of the surgeon, who will be responsible for their proper use.

Prisoners will not be permitted to write letters of more than one page of common latter paper, the matter to be strictly of a private nature or the letter must be destroyed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, June 29, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: Please furnish me immediately with the number of prisoners of war that have been held in Camp Douglas up to this time so far as the records show-the number now present, the number sick, the number discharged, explaining briefly the circumstances, the number escaped and the number died. Report to me the condition in which you found the records of the camp on taking command, the amount of funds turned over to you belonging to prisoners of war and condition of the accounts relative thereto, the amount of the hospital or other funds, if there be any, and all matters relating to the sanitary condition of the camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

