
OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, June 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: Will you oblige by informing General Schofield that no permits have been granted to U. S. officers to enter the Gratiot Street Prison for the purpose of recruiting among the prisoners. Numerous applications have been made for that purpose but have invariably been refused. I will instruct Lieutenant Bishop hereafter to refuse to all officers admission to the prisoners unless by special permit from General Schofield's or this office.

I remain, very respectfully,

BERNARDG. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, June 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have seen a letter from Senator Pearce stating that he is making great efforts to procure the release of Judge Carmichael, confined at Fort McHenry. It appears to me that we ought to adopt more rigid measure in regard to traitors than hitherto. It is therefore that I would recommend that you will be slow to act in the case of the judge.

JOHN E. WOOL,Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 30, 1862.

Major-General WOOL:

Your arrest of Judge Bartol is approved. It is not very likely that Carmichael will get liberated. McClellan has moved his whole force across the Chickahominy and rests on James River, being supported by our gun-boats. The position is favorable and looks more like taking Richmond than any time before. I will send you some [secret] service money.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CORINTH, MISS., June 30, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Huntsville:

Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett, of the rebel army, has arrived at General Thomas' camp with permission from you to come to my headquarters for the purpose of exchange. The impropriety of sending rebel officers to my headquarters for any purpose whatever must be manifest. You can exchange them or parole them for the purpose of effecting their own exchange if you deem it expedient, but under no circumstances should they be sent through our armies to my headquarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, June 30, 1862.

General HALLECK:

I have given no rebel officer knowing him as such permission to go to your headquarters for any purpose. I never to my knowledge saw or heard of Colonel Bennett.

D. C. BUELL.

