SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 150. New Orleans, June 30, 1862.

Mrs. Phillips, wife of Philip Phillips, having been once imprisoned for her traitorous proclivities and acts at Washington and released by the clemency of the Government, and having been found training her children to spit upon officers of the United States, for which act of one of those children both her husband and herself apologized and were again forgiven, is now found on the balcony of her house during the passage of the funeral procession of Lieutenant De Kay laughing and mocking at this remains, and on being inquired of by the commanding general if this fact were so, contemptuously replied, "I was in good spirits that day. "

It is therefore ordered that she be not "regarded and treated as a common woman" of whom no officer or soldier is bound to take notice, but as an uncommon, bad and dangerous woman, stirring up strife and inciting to riot, and that therefore she be confined at Ship Island, in the State of Mississippi, within proper limits there until further orders, and that she be allowed one female servant and no more if she so choose; that one of the houses for hospital purposes be assigned her as quarters and soldier's ration each day served out to her with the means of cooking the same, and that no verbal or written communication be allowed with her except through this office, and that she be kept in close confinement until removed to Ship Island.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 151. New Orleans, June 30, 1862.

Fidel Keller has been found exhibiting a human skeleton in his book-store window in a public place in this city, labeled "Chickahominy" in large letters, meaning and intending that the bones should be taken by the populace to be the bones of a Union solider slain in that battle in order to bring the authority of the United States and our armies into contempt, and for that purpose had stated to the passers-by that the bones were those of a "Yankee soldier," whereas in truth and fact they were the bones purchased some weeks before of a Mexican consul to whom they were pledged by a medical student.

It is therefore ordered that for this desecration of the dead he be confined at Ship Island for two years at hard labor, and that he be allowed to communicate with no other person on the island except Mrs. Phillips, who has been sent there for a like offense. Any written messages may be sent to him through these headquarters.

Upon the order being read the said Keller requested that so much of it as associated him with "that woman"might be recalled, which request was therefore reduced to writing by him as follows:

NEW ORLEANS, June 30, 1862.

Mr. Keller desires that that part of the sentence which refers to the communication with Mrs. Phillips be stricken out, as he does not wish to have communication with the said Mrs. Phillips.

F. KELLER.

Witness:

D. WATERS.

