
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: In consequence of the discharge of the discharge of the surgeons who were prisoners of war at Camp Douglas you will employ four private physicians at the compensation fixed by the regulations, and four assistants at not over $50 per month, to assist Surgeon McVickar in the care of the sick prisoners. Should you find the services of another physician necessary please let me know. When the hospital fund will admit of it its assistants may be paid out of it; otherwise they will be paid by the quartermaster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS HOFFMAN'S BATTALION,Depot Prisoners of War, Sandusky, June 30, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 23rd instant. Your order respecting lists of prisoners will be complied with immediately. You say 'separaterolls of citizens will be sent. "We received only the old-style blank for prisoners of war; no separate rolls for citizens. I have the honor to send herewith list* of prisoners received June 21 from Fort Columbus, New York Harbor; also list* of surgeons unconditionally released in accordance with paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 60, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, June 6, 1862; also list* of prisoners from Camp Douglas, Chicago, June 27, 1862.

Your obedient servant,

W. S. PIERSON,

Major, Commanding.

Per B. W. WELLS,

Second Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, June 30, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding.

SIR: Allow me to call your attention to the necessity of immediate attention in the matter of drainage, free introduction of water and other sanitary precautions for the health of the camp. The surface of the ground is becoming saturated with the filth and slop from the privies, kitchens and quarters and must produce serious results to health as soon as the hot weather sets in. The number of patients in hospital (326 to-day) and the still larger number requiring attention in the barracks, calls also since the discharge of the rebel surgeons for an immediate force to supply the service left vacant by their release. There were sixteen on duty, and from a careful analysis of the same and personal inspection and from conference with my colleagues I think as expressed in conversation yesterday that it will require five surgeons and four assistants to perform the medical duty of the camp in a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

