
proper manner. Excuse my again pressing this subject. I do it in the discharge of a duty you have personally imposed upon me.

Very respectfully,

B. MCVICKAR,

Post Surgeon.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel W. Hoffman, Third U. S. Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, with the earnest request that authority may be given me at once to carry out the views expressed in the within letter from Surgeon McVickar.

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you grant no more paroles to prisoners confined in the Old Capitol under any circumstances permitting them to leave their place of confinement, and that you recall all those given by you in the last ten days. In the case of Anderson, now at the house of Doctor Miller, in this city, you will please place him again in confinement as soon as he is well enough to be moved. You will please give no permits whatever to visit the prisoners in the Old Capitol, and allow them to send or receive no letters without the previous inspection of Superintendent Wood. You will please relieve all the soldiers acting as nurses to the political prisoners and supply their places by detail from their own number to be made by the superintendent.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

SIR: In reply to your inquiry of the 21st June I have respectfully to inform you that Mr. Soule may be allowed the same privileges as other prisoners in regard to receiving the New York daily papers.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, July 1, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. C. C. Fulton, confined at Fort McHenry, requests me to communicate the fact to the Secretary of War that the dispatch to New York was purely a private one and confidential and not intended for publication, and that he was astonished to find it in print. The original dispatch he says also contained a proviso which was not published that "the papers publishing his report should give the proper credit to the Baltimore American," which he says indicated its purely private character.

