HEADQUARTERS, Fort Warren, July 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Eighth Infty., Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I herewith inclose a list* of all prisoners of war that have ever been confined at this post to the present date, with all information I have concerning them. Also a monthly return of prisoners.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 1, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your telegram of the 27th [26]which reached me via Chicago I proceeded to Camp Douglas to make inquiries in relation to the escape of prisoners of war and I have the honor to make the following report:

Colonel Tucker, the commanding officer, has two detectives whom he represents to be very reliable men, employed in the camp under the pretense of being prisoners to find out if possible the aiders in the escape of prisoners from the camp, but thus far he has only been able to learn that it was probably a sutler who was discharged sometime ago who sold clothing to prisoners. Nothing has been learned of any person named Smith. I have directed that these inquiries should be persevered in till the trace of the guilty ones can be discovered.

There has been the greatest carelessness and willful neglecting the management of the affairs of the camp, and everything was left by Colonel Mulligan in a shameful state of confusion. It is reported to me that there is scarcely a record of any kind left at the camp and it will be difficult to ascertain what prisoners have been at the camp or what has become of them. Contrary to my instructions Colonel Mulligan' regiment was first relieved, thus devolving the command on Colonel Cameron who knew nothing of the affairs of the prisoners, who in turn in a few days turned the command over to Colonel Tucker without being able to give him any information in regard to his duties. The police of the camp had been much neglected and was in a most deplorable condition, and from this and other causes much labor and large expenditures will be necessary to make the camp inhabitable. I have required a detailed report on the condition of affairs at the camp and on its receipt will report further.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 19, 1862.

The Adjutant-General will take such measures as may be needful to remedy the evils set forth in Colonel Hoffman's letter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

