
[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 24, 1862.

The attention of Colonel Hoffman is called to the necessity of instituting immediately all proper measures to prevent the escape of prisoners.

Respectfully,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 1, 1862.

Honorable RICHARD YATES, Governor of Illinois.

GOVERNOR: Permit me to present to you Captain H. W. Freedley, U. S. Army, my assistant, whom I have ordered to Camp Butler to make an inspection of the condition of the prisoners of war [and] aid the commanding officer with my authority in improving the state of affairs there. I have directed the captain to confer with you on the subject and any suggestions you may please to make will be carefully carried out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 1, 1862.

Colonel BERNARDG. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: Your favor of the 25th ultimo is received. I will be obliged to you if you will carry out your suggestion and consolidate for this office the returns and rolls of all the prisoners of war in your charge, including civilians, at the stations west of the Mississippi and Keokuk and Mound City Hospitals. Citizens and soldiers should not be entered on the same rolls, though when they are at the same hospital and the number is small they may be entered on the same sheet, each class being arranged alphabetically by itself. The roll of citizens will embrace only those confined on political charges or for offenses in connection with the rebellion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

July 1, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Third Infantry, U. S. Army:

You will immediately proceed to Camp Butler, near Springfield, Ill., and make a minute inspection of the condition of the prisoners of war confined there reporting to me by letter in detail. You will inquire how far the instructions contained in the accompanying letter addressed to the commanding officer of the camp have been carried out, and you will hand to the commanding officer the letter of instructions herewith inclosed which I desire may be put in immediate execution.

