
You will remain at the camp for a few days as my assistant to aid the commanding officer by your authority and advice in carrying out my views. In case of doubt you will refer to me by letter.

At this time the camp is occupied by one regiment, the guard proper, and a battalion of cavalry organized for the field. I am of the opinion that the presence of temporary troops must be prejudicial to the good order of the camp. Inquire into this matter and report immediately.

I am told that a major is commanding while his senior, a lieutenant-colonel, is present. This anomaly in military affairs is in violation of the Articles of War and should not be permitted.

Please say to Governor Yates that I will be much obliged to him if he will appoint a colonel for the regiment at the camp to take command. The position is a very responsible one and requires a person of intelligence, decision and the highest integrity, and I am sure the State of Illinois will not be at a los to furnish such a man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 1, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill.

SIR: Captain H. W. Freedley, Third Infantry, my assistant, will hand you a copy of a letter of instructions heretofore addressed to the commanding officer of Camp Butler, and in addition thereto you will please observe the following instructions:

You are held responsible for the security of the prisoners of war under your charge and will make such disposition of the force under your command and such arrangements of the prisoners in companies or divisions in the barracks as will best accomplish this purpose. The presence of the prisoners will be verified by daily rolls calls, and every morning a report will be made in writing of each company showing the number present, the sick discharged, escaped and died, giving the names and particulars under the last three heads.

The fund of the prisoners' hospital will be kept separate from that of the hospital of the guard and will be disbursed for the sole benefit of the sick prisoners on the recommendation of the surgeon in charge, approved by you.

A general fund will be created by with holding such part of the rations a may not be necessary, the surplus to be purchased by the commissary as provided for by existing regulations, and this fund will be disbursed under your directions in the purchase of such as may be necessary for the health and comfort of the prisoners, and which otherwise would have to be purchased by the Government. Among these articles are all table furniture, cooking utensils, articles for police purposes, bed-ticks and straw and the means of improving or enlarging the barracks accommodations. All such articles will be purchased on the requisition of [and] through the quartermaster, with your approbation. The extra pay of clerks who have charge of the letters and keep the accounts of the private funds deposited by prisoners may be paid from this fund. The commissary will be responsible for the funds, will keep the necessary accounts and will keep you advised from time to time of the amount on hand. A report of the state of this fund must be made to me on the last day of each month.

8 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

