
on the part of the rebels to renew their war in Missouri and they can only be prevented from doing so by depriving them of the means.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. C. FLETCHER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 2, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: Your communication of the 1st instant is just received. Soon after I took command of the forces at Norfolk by order of Major-General McClellan early in June I learned that General Viele was giving passes to women to go to Richmond to inquire into the condition of their relatives. I directed him immediately to discontinue the practice and am confident no pass has been given by him since. I will inquire and see that the rule of the department is not violated by any one.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 2, 1862.

General THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

The pass granted by Captain Greene to Colonel Bennett to go to General Halleck's headquarters is not approved and must be revoked.

D. C. BUELL.

MEMPHIS, July 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Where shall I send prisoners? There are now some thirty of the White River prisoners and others taken by our cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, HILTON HEAD, COCKSPUR, &amp;C.,Fort Pulaski, July 2, 1862.

Lieutenant JAMES O. PAXSON,

Forty-eighth New York State Volunteers:

You will proceed to-morrow morning by water with a flag of truce to the enemy's lines taking in charge two prisoners of war, Antonio Ponce, Jr., and Ashley M. Shaw, who were captured at the surrender of Fort Pulaski on the 11th day of April last and who are released by order of Major-General Hunter, commanding the Department of the South. You will be provided with a letter to the commanding officer at Fort Jackson and you will deliver it and the prisoners to the officer by whom you shall be received. You will also take charge of a number of letters addressed to persons residing in the States of Georgia, South Carolina, &c., a portion of which are from the prisoners captured at Pulaski; the remainder are from other persons. You will deliver none of these letters unless all are received and received with the understanding that subject to ordinary military inspection they are to be

