
forwarded to the persons to whom they are addressed whether they come from prisoners or others. Should it be required you will pay the postage on those letters which are not from the prisoners.

You will proceed in an open and public manner in strict conformity with the laws and usages governing flags of truce. Your party will consist of eight men, over whom you exercise a careful supervision in order that they may give no information to the enemy. Should you be obliged to leave them you will caution them to hold no conversation with any person relative to military matters. Having accomplished the object of your mission you will return with all possible dispatch to this post.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, HILTON HEAD, COCKSPUR, &amp;C.,Fort Pulaski, July 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Jackson, Savannah River:

The bearer of this, Lieutenant James O. Paxson, of the Forty-eighth Regiment New York State Volunteers, is instructed to proceed to your lines under a flag of truce and there deliver to you two prisoners of war, Antonio Ponce, Jr., and A. M. Shaw, who were captured at Fort Pulaski on the 11th of April last and who are now released by order of Major-General Hunter, commanding Department of the South.

Lieutenant Paxson has also in charge a number of letters addressed to persons residing in the States of Georgia, South Carolina, Florida, &c.

As far as the larger portion of these letters are from prisoners of war captured at Pulaski-the others are from other persons-Lieutenant Paxson is instructed to deliver none of them unless all shall be received with the understanding that, subject to ordinary military inspection, they are to be forwarded to the persons to whom they are addressed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL OF OHIO,

Columbus, July 2, 1862.

WILLIAM H. VASSER, Prisoner of War, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

Your letter of the 26th ultimo to the Governor has been referred to me. The arms taken from the prisoners at Camp Chase were so taken by order of the Secretary of War. They were lodged with me for safe-keeping by order of the Governor. I have had them all carefully overhauled, packed and placed in the State arsenal. The saber you describe is among the number. I understand the Governor has no authority to make any disposition of them except by order of the Secretary of War or Colonel Hoffman. If you will procure an order from Colonel Hoffman (which I doubt not you can do through Major Pierson) I will take pleasure in making such disposition of the valued relics as you may wish.

GEO. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General.

