
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 3, 1862.

GEORGE GILBERT,

Justice of the Peace, Watertown, Jefferson County, N. Y.:

Information has reached this Department that you have committed into custody on a charge of false imprisonment Lieutenant William R. Parsons, on duty as a military officer in your county. Advise this Department at once of the name of the party alleged to have been falsely imprisoned and of the circumstances which led to such alleged action on the part of Lieutenant Parsons.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CORINTH, July 3, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Memphis:

Deliver to enemy's line all your prisoners (not officers), except those guilty of treating barbarously our men, on parole not to serve until exchanged.

* * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

IN VICINITY OF BATTLE-FIELD OF JULY 1,

Near James River, Thursday, July 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General STUART, Commanding, C. S. Army.

SIR: It is proper for me to state to you that while the U. S. Army was retreating during the night of the 1st of July it became known to me that a hospital depot containing over a hundred men too severely wounded to follow the army would be left without any care whatever.

I chose to remain with them to do what I could for them, and the following enlisted men (most of whom had been connected with the hospital department before) volunteered to remain with me and throw themselves upon the magnanimity of the Government of the confederate States: C. B. McGrath, Company H, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; S. O'Grady, Company H, Sixty-seventh New York Volunteers; Charles Thompson, Company B, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; George H. Kinsley, Company C, Sixty-seventh New York; John E. Banford, Company B, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; George C. Hill, CompanyF, Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers; Corpl. H. Holliday, Company F, Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers; John Campbell, Company E, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Joshua Kendall, Company D, Nineteenth Massachusetts.

All but the first three of these and the fifth, making four in all, were taken from men yesterday as prisoners of war.

We are without food, and if attendants and food are not sent to us we must starve.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID PRINCE,

Brigade Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

