
of war, and second, as treasonable conduct and aid and comfort the enemy. The second is not laid under any article of war. Treason as such of either sort is not cognizable by a court-martial.

The fifty-sixth article of war is:

Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money, victuals or ammunition, or shall knowingly harbor or protect an enemy, &amp;c.

This act is none of these. Had the accused in fact aided the escape it might according to the circumstances be an act of harboring and protecting an enemy.

The next matter of this kind within the purview of the articles of war is the holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy. Fifty-seventh article. This conspiring to aid a prisoner's escape is not that. And the offense is not I think one of the enumerated offenses, but falls as a breach of discipline under the ninety-ninth article and as a disgraceful violation of duty under the eighty-third. I should therefore charge: First, violation of duty to the prejudice of good order and military discipline; specification, in concerting and conspiring to aid the escape of

-----

----, prisoner of war; and second, conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman; specification, in entering into a corrupt and disgraceful plot to aid for money the escape of ---- ----, prisoner of war, at

-----

, on

-----

.

Respectfully submitted.

J. F. LEE,

Judge-Advocate.

PRISON Numbers 3, MESS Numbers 1,

Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, July 3, 1862.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD.

DEAR SIR: I am a prisoner at Camp Chase, Ohio, and I feel myself a loyal man, if I could have hope [helped] myself, but I am here and wish to let you know that I was not persuaded into it, but actually driven in, as all the violators of the Confederacy were, or hung, or imprisoned. I as well as many other Union men of East Tennessee joined a company of Union home guard, gotten up by J. S. Lamb, in the Fourth District of Knox County, Tenn. I drilled with them and expressed my honest sentiments for the Union and Constitution, and for Andrew Johnson, Horace Maynard, [William G.] Brownlow and T. A. R. Nelson. I have the pleasure to announce to you that I voted for the Union three times and would have done so again and again had I had the opportunity; but, alas, we have been overrun by a military despotism that prevailed in East Tennessee for over twelve months; but after the August election had done all that I could at the ballot box for the Union, and J. S. Lamb and some others saw it plain by Governor Harris' and Zollicoffer's proclamation that we were bound to be oppressed. They gathered all they could and made an effort to cross Cumberland Mountains to Kentucky to join the U. S. Army, but we were defeated by the secesh soldiers and several prisoners taken. I got back home and kept myself hid for some time, and though all was over, I was surrounded and notified that those who were engaged in trying to get to the U. S. Army would be hunted up, and if they refused to go into service would be 'sent up"-a pharse to means shooting, hanging, or imprisonment, for they said that they would join the Union Army. I therefore consented to go into a company of sappears and miners, as I was informed it was to work and not to fight, with the intention if I had any chance to

