
We wish to be discharged by taking any oath that the Department may require. We send this to you and wish you to read and lay it before the War Department, and if you can do us any good we will be under all obligations to you.

We subscribe ourselves, your obedient servant,

CALVIN GARRETT.

WILLIAM MARTIN.

I know a number of the above statements to be true, and have no doubt of any, for such were common in East Tennessee.

J. S. LAMB.

FORT MONROE, July 4, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Five hundred and thirty-three prisoners have just arrived, among them several colonels and majors. Where shall I send them? We have no room here. They are waiting on board transport.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 4, 1862.

Lieutenant C. D. MEHAFFEY,First Infantry, Aide-de-Camp to General Porter, &amp;c.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions received from the War Department dated July 4, 1862, a copy of which is herein inclosed, you will proceed with the prisoners of war and their present guard to Fort Columbus, New York Harbor, delivering the said prisoners to the commanding officer thereof. This done you will return without delay with the guard to the headquarters Army of the Potomac. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Send the 533 prisoners to Colonel Loomis, commanding Fort Columbus, New York Harbor.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., July 4, 1862.

The PRESIDENT, Commander-in-Chief of the Army:

On this day the anniversary of the Nation's Independence I find myself a prisoner under the folds of the flag of the Union, the same flag under which I have passed my life in the service of the country. Last year on this anniversary my face was fanned by the rush of rebel bullets, and the brave troops under my command drove rebellion from ten miles of the length of the Potomac, freeing thousands of loyal citizens from the yoke of that rebellion. I am utterly unconscious of any act, word or design of mine which should make me to-day less eligible to an

