
honorable place among the soldiers of the Union that I was on that day, or any other day of my pst life, and I deem it my duty to state this now when the country seems to need the services of its every willing soldier.

Very respectfully, I am, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

SENATOBIA, MISS., July 4, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army, Memphis, Tenn.

GENERAL: I send this letter by George Allen, a private of Company B, Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, U. S. Army, who was picked up by one of my Missourians near the Mississippi River on Tuesday last. I have paroled him until exchanged and hope you will send some one of our men for him, and believe that even if you pick out the poorest in the lot that I will cheat you in the trade. We have neither whisky nor ice to have a very gay celebration to-day, neither have we powder to waste, but the news from Richmond makes us jovial enough.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Guard, on Special Service for Confederate States of America.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 4, 1862.

General WS. W. TREADWAY,

Quartermaster-General of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.

GENERAL: I have referred your proposition to sell certain cottonade clothing to the United States for the use of prisoners of war to the Quartermaster-General who informs me that the department has now on hand an ample supply of clothing only fit to be issued to prisoners and he declines purchasing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., July 4, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Chief of Staff.

COLONEL: I inclose herewith two letters received yesterday from Brigadier-General Cox which place me in an embarrassing situation. Their contents will inform you of the manner in which the difficulty occurred. I therefore submit the whole matter to you for advice, requesting only that I may be relieved from duty and permitted to visit the city of Washington to facilitate my exchange. I would thank General Buell very kindly for a letter to the War Department in my behalf. Please dome the favor to consider this matter as early as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

JESSE S. NORTON,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Ohio Infantry.

