
Wise. Colonel Norton was soon removed to Ohio, and when Colonel Patton improved sufficiently to allow of his removal he was permitted to pass through the lines to his home in Eastern Virginia. He recovered some time before Colonel Norton did, and General Wise sent me a letter by a flag of truce insisting that Colonel Patton should not be regarded as being under parole, but that a complete exchange was made at the time he had his interview with Colonel Norton. I regarded this as an attempt to avoid the parole and to get Colonel Patton on duty whilst Colonel Norton's position was still doubtful or unknown to me, and I replied that I had Colonel Patton's written parole, and had understood that Colonel Norton's was given in like manner; that under these circumstances I could take no further notice of the thing, leaving both officers to have the exchange made through proper channels, the question of exchanges not having been then settled by the United States Government. Colonel Norton upon his recovery resumed his command, the exchange being completed in due form as I supposed, but as his regiment had been removed from my command to Kentucky I had no means of knowing the particulars in regard to it. I now have a letter from Colonel Patton, which is dated in April, stating that he observed his parole until March, 1862, when he was regularly exchanged for another officer, not Colonel Norton. If this be so it would place Colonel Norton in the embarrassing position of serving while his parole is in force which he most assuredly has not done knowingly. If some other officer has been exchanged for Colonel Patton cannot Colonel Norton be relieved from his position by the release of an officer of equal rank, the mistake being thus corrected? If the chances of war should put Colonel Norton in the power of the enemy his position would be a difficult one, since it is manifest that they now claim that he is not exchanged. I shall send him a copy of this le attention to the claim set up and hope it maybe at once arranged so as to have no contingency in his case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Morton, July 4, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN.

DEAR SIR: Having succeeded Colonel Owen in the command of this post about two weeks since I deem it proper to inform you that in looking over the affairs of the post I think there are matters which require your presence here. I allude chiefly to the peculiar cases of several prisoners confined here, and also the condition of the prisoners' fund, of which General Love informs me you know.

Your obedient servant,

D. G. ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CHICAGO, July 4, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN.

DEAR SIR: Owing to the fact that Captain Wormer refused to pay me my mileage from Saint Paul to Mackinac I have been unable to call upon you at Detroit. I hereby send you copies of requests which

