
I made whilst acting in my official capacity at Mackinac. I do so in order that you may compare them to the ex parte statements of Captain Wormer. Since I have been in the service of the United States Government I have not had any difficulty with any officer before now and have on all occasions endeavored to discharge my duties faithfully. On arriving there I found the hired surgeon had to sleep in the hospital, as the surgeon's quarters were occupied by Lieutenant Sutton. The cook-stove belonging to the hospital had been taken away and was used by the officers, and because I endeavored to discharge my duty as the Army Regulations demand it I have met with their displeasure. I have not been made acquainted with the character of the charges made against me, and if it is not improper for me to request you to do me the honor of writing me in answer to this I shall be under great obligations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. LE BOUTILLIER.

Address, C. W. Le Boutillier, Saint Anthony, Minn.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT MACKINAC, June 2, 1862.

General HAMMOND, Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 102, I have reported myself for duty to Captain Wormer, commandant of this post. Having made suggestions to him on the subject of the health of the prisoners under his charge and he having declined compliance therewith. I would respectfully request to be instructed by the department.

I remain, your obedient servant,

C. W. LE BOUTILLIER,

Assistant Surgeon First Minnesota and Post Surgeon.

JUNE 25, 1862.

Explanation. -I came here without instructions; found only three prisoners; treated them as I thought the department wanted me to; found that they had no rations issued to them, not even water.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Captain WORMER, Commandant.

SIR: I consider that prisoner Michael Delaney ought to have a respite of one hour in every four. I informed the officer of the day (Lieutenant Sutton) that I considered it necessary for the health of the prisoner that he should have that time of repose, and he having declined compliance herewith I would respectfully ask you that my suggestion be carried out.

Explanation. -Delaney struck one of his comrades with his fist. He was ordered by the captain to carry twenty-four pound cannon-balls. He did so for three hours when I ascertained that he was exhausted and wet to the skin. (It was raining.) He was released at 3. 30 o'clock, having carried them seven hours with only one-half hour respite which I ordered the sergeant of the guard to grant him.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

HOSPITAL DEPARTMENT, Fort Mackinac, June 20, 1862.

Lieutenant SUTTON, Commanding Officer of Post.

SIR: I would request you to remove the guard now stationed on the porch of the hospital as I consider it dangerous to have a sentry with

