
loaded piece upon this beat, and also would respectfully inform you that accidents such as breaking the hygrometer and willful mutilation of the hospital by the sentries have occurred. The patients too complain that they cannot sleep at night from the noise created by the marching of the sentry upon his beat.

Answer of Lieutenant Sutton: "The sentry will remain there. "

Explanation. -This guard was posted there in front of the hospital on the balcony, and my patients were not allowed to go to the privy without being accompanied or passed by a corporal of the guard, and yet the rear of the building was left unguarded so that any of them could escape at all times if they desired.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

HOSPITAL DEPARTMENT, Fort Mackinac, June 25, 1862.

Lieutenant E. F. SUTTON.

SIR: Having requested you verbally to give me the countersign, and as you refused to comply, I as surgeon of this post demand it.

C. W. LE BOUTILLIER,

Post Surgeon.

Explanation. -I was not permitted to have the countersign because the officer (Lieutenant Sutton)did not see the necessity of a surgeon having it.

PRISON Numbers 3, MESS Numbers 1,

Camp Chase, Ohio, July 4, 1862.

Colonel C. W. B. ALLISON:

Every man that loves liberty and Washington loves also the Stars and Stripes and the 4th of July. The emblem that is on this note I want to triumphantly again wave over this land of rebellion, and I would be glad to help wave it through the breezes of East Tennessee where I live, and my friends would greet me and hail the happy event. Oh, how welcome is the old flag to a goodly number of the people of my native home, East Tennessee! If it is consistent I would be very glad to enter the service of the United States. I will send you my letter that I received from Mr. Maynard, and as you say that you are personally acquainted with Honorable Horace Maynard of course you know him to be an independent, not disposed to flatter and no warm feelings for rebellion, but candid, always meaning just what he says. You will find that he assure me that he will do all in his power to secure my release, which of course if he had not know me to be a Union man he would not have put himself to any trouble for a rebel. He also informs me in the same that the military operations were very exciting and employs the whole attention, but said in conclusion, "However, I think that arrangements will soon be completed for your discharge. " I feel myself, sir, under many obligations to you for your kind reply of the 2nd and information I received from you. In compliance I wrote at large and sent to the War Department through the hands of Mr. Maynard. You will please send me back my letter from Mr. Maynard and do not think me troublesome. If you wish to examine me by cross-questions I am at your service; and also here are the other prisoners who can testify to the most I have written to you. I am ever a friend to you and all Union-loving men.

J. S. LAMB.

An interview with you will satisfy you.

