
The unanimous expression of the agents with whom I conversed, including the superintendent of Indian affairs, Colonel Coffin, and the physician, was that they should be provided with all the articles above enumerated as essential to their health and ordinary comfort.

Notwithstanding all their hardships and disappointments these people who have exhibited a courage and endurance beyond any in the United States breathe but one spirit of fidelity to the Union and a desire once more to be restored to their homes and friends and there sustained by the Federal Government to defend the cause they have espoused.

They ardently desire to return to their farms, rebuild their cabins, renew their fences, plant the seed and obtain from the rich soil of their country a subsistence from their own industry; and unless they are afforded an opportunity to return with this object in view they must become discouraged and demoralized and remain upon the hands of the Government a burden from which their natural feeling of pride and independence would save them. Thus the alternative is presented to the Government of restoring them to their homes, enabling them to be self-supporting of sustain them at its own expense for another year at least. In the former case immediate action is necessary for the planting season in that country is already near at hand.

I was assured by Hopoeithleyohola that he and his people were willing on being properly armed to fight their own way back; but more lately learning from reliable information that there were three camps consisting of from 5,000 to 6,000 rebel Indians and Texans to oppose him he would now require assistance form our troops. Should the latter case be adopted it is highly important that a sagacious, humane and prudent officer be instructed with the command.

Should it be determined to retain them in their present position it is a matter of no difficulty to estimate the expense of so doing. Calling them 8,000 in round numbers, allowing rations for 365 days at 10 cents per day would demand an outlay of $292,000 for subsistence alone; $100,000 would not meet the wants for clothing, to say nothing of tents and other necessary expenses.

We cannot shut our eyes to the demoralizing effect upon them should they remain in their present condition as mere beneficiaries of the Government without employment or incentives to industry.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. COLLAMORE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 13, 1862.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

I respectfully apply to be informed by telegraph to-day if possible whether it be true as has been stated to me that the enemy make only partial exchanges of prisoners, excluding officers, and if so what reasons are assigned for this course. The enemy having proposed to me to negotiate with me for a general exchange of prisoners and the War Department having authorized me to make such exchanges so far as the army under my command and that opposed to me are concerned, it is important before entering into any arrangement on the subject that I should speedily be made acquainted with the information herein sought.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

