
NASHVILLE, TENN., July 5, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatch is received in reference to Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett. I gave him a pass to go and see General Halleck and effect an exchange. He was paroled by General Mitchel and granted the privilege by him of endeavoring to effect an exchange. He was placed on a peculiar parole. He was found lying dangerously ill and delirious at the house of a friend and the written parole left for him to observe when he should have returned to his senses. He observed the parole although of course not binding, and I was desirous he might effect his exchange; but I never intended he should visit General Halleck's headquarters in the field. At the time he left it was understood that General Halleck's headquarters were at Memphis.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 5, 1862.

J. COOPER MCKEE, Assistant Surgeon, Camp Butler, Ill.

SIR: Your communication of the 30th ultimo in which you recommend the release under a role of certain sick prisoners confined at Camp Butler has been received. In reply I am directed by Colonel Hoffman to state that he is authorized to grant the release of sick prisoners upon their application for a pardon, approved by the surgeon in charge, in extreme cases; but that paroles for prisoners in charge of the surgeon will not be entertained by him under any other circumstances and only then in cases when in his judgment it would in every respect be proper to grant them.

With the highest respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 5, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here on the evening of the 3rd instant, having been delayed at Toledo for nearly twelve hours, the trains not making connection. I visited Camp Butler on the morning of the 4th instant and found affairs there is some confusion consequent upon the Sixty-eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, the guard of the prisoners, having been relieved from further duty there and ordered to proceed to Virginia. The remained at the camp a portion of the Seventieth Regiment Illinois Infantry and a portion of the Second Regiment of Artillery, two regiments now in process of formation at the camp. These regiments are perfectly inexperienced troops; have not been drilled, and the majority of the men have only been enlisted for a few days. I do not know the exact number of enlisted men in camp for guard duty, but there are about 600, and is constantly being increased by the arrival of recruits.

With regard to the instructions heretofore given to the commanding officer of Camp Butler I find that they have only been partially carried out. The improvements in the hospitals therein referred to have been

