
made and a most admirable system of police has been established in them. The loss by death has decreased at least 70 per cent. The general health of the prisoners is good. The police of the camp has been much improved, but scarcity of wagons and teams has prevented the prisoners from keeping their company parade-grounds and the vicinity of their quarters (barracks) in the condition most to be desired. At least six additional wagons and teams are required for the proper police of the camp. Some necessary articles for cooking and police purposes are still required, but can be procured here by requisition or purchase.

With regard to the saving of surplus rations I find that this has been neglected and there is no fund for the purpose of purchasing necessary articles of comfort or of subsistence of the prisoners not supplied by the Government. It appears that the prisoners have been receiving their rations from the contractors and exchanging with the contractors such portions of the rations as they could dispense with for such other articles not forming part of the Government ration as they most needed. This has been done in many cases without the cognizance of the officers in charge. The commissary has not given his personal attention to this matter. The commissary has not been residing in the camp, but I have requested his presence there to-morrow and this matter will be thoroughly investigated. The result will be in my next.

I have visited the camp every day since my arrival but have been unable to accomplish much on account of the change of the guard. It appears that the guard have been changed so often, and are under the charge of different persons who have somewhat conflicted authority that the instructions heretofore given have not been so strictly observed as might be desired. Major J. G. Fonda has been placed personally in command of the camp and of the guard of the prisoners, and is now using and will use his best endeavors to have your instructions strictly complied with. I have daily consulted and advised with him regarding the manner of conducting the camp.

The presence of temporary troops is prejudicial to the good order of the camp and to the comfort and security of the prisoners. The constant desire of new troops to communicate with the prisoners and their curiosity to see and barter with them contributes much to the relaxation of discipline and to inspiring improper feelings of jealousy and revenge, thus rendering the position of the prisoners and the guard more unpleasant.

A guard should be permanently established here. I shall consult Governor Yates on this subject upon his return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

U. S. SENATE, Washington, July 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter from Governor Kirkwood covering one from J. B. Dorr, quartermaster of the Twelfth Iowa Regiment. I respectfully and earnestly request that the subject may receive the favorable consideration and action of your Department.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES W. GRIMES.

