
[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 17, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 72 (copy* inclosed), provides for our soldiers on parole. In regard to the exchange of those in the hands of the enemy it is believed steps have been taken such as the Secretary deems proper.

Respectfully submitted.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Iowa City, June 21, 1862.

Honorable JAMES W. GRIMES, Washington.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed find copy of letter from J. B. Dorr, which explains itself. Governor Kirkwood is disabled from writing, and directs me to inclose this copy to you and ask you to bring all the influence of our delegation in Congress to the relief of these men. Other letters are received of the same import of this, and the Governor does not feel that it is necessary to keep these men in their present uncomfortable position.

He would call especial attention to the fate of our officers still in rebel hands as peculiarly hard and deserving of the most active efforts for their relief. Will you not press this matter upon the authorities at Washington with all the influence in your power?

Respectfully, yours,

N. H. BRAINARD,

Military Secretary, &amp;c.

[Sub-inclosure.]

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 11, 1862.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Governor State of Iowa.

DEAR SIR: Lieutenant John Elwell, of Company E, Twelfth Iowa, and myself made our escape from prison at Montgomery, Ala., on the 24th ultimo and reached Huntsville on the 28th, from which place to this city we accompanied 1,450 paroled privates, among which were 141 of the Twelfth, 200 of the Fourteenth, 230 of the Eighth and a number of the Third, Sixth, Seventh, Eleventh, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Iowa Regiments, all captured at Shiloh. These men are now detained here in camp, having at present very unhealthy and uncomfortable quarters, waiting for orders from General Halleck. To-day within the hour I have learned that orders have been received from General Buell to put them into another camp and require them to do guard duty and drill. They have received clothing, yet they are very indignant that they are not allowed to go farther west if they are to be retained in camp, or if compelled to perform military duty that they are not allowed to return to their regiments. Exhausted and worn out with two months' imprisonment upon starving rations they feel that they should be allowed a short respite from the duties of a soldier and that if they are to be kept at any point for the purpose of exchange they should be sent to some point nearer home. With few exceptions all are willing to continue in the service when honorably released from parole forced upon them by the alternative of death by disease or starvation in a Southern prison, but deem it an infraction of their obligation to be required to perform guard duty in this latitude where the only enemies of the

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 94.

---------------

