
United States are the adherents of the Southern Confederacy. but whether their feelings are reasonable or unreasonable they earnestly desire you to intercede in their behalf and procure for them removal to some point farther west and a speedy exchange or a prompt discharge from the service.

Some 600 more paroled privates are daily expected here, which will include the balance of the Iowa troops captured at Shiloh, making a total of 300 of the Fourteenth and 340 of Twelfth, for whom also I trust you will use your influence with the Government. I need not say to you that these men performed their duty as soldiers at Shiloh. The Iowa brigade maintained its position, driving back the enemy, until after 5 p. m., and was ordered to fall back with no enemy in view of its front. Nor did the remainder of the Twelfth and Fourteenth surrender until they found themselves surrounded by 15,000 troops and after every other regiment in t hat part of the field had retreated or surrendered.

But there is another subject to which I earnestly beg Your Excellency's attention. Two hundred and fifty commissioned officers taken at Shiloh are now at Selma, Montgomery, Ala., and Macon, Ga. Among them are the company commissioned and non-commissioned officers of the Fourteenth and Twelfth and the regimental officers of the Fourteenth and Eight, as well as officers of several other regiments, including Major Stone and Colonel Geddes. These men are receiving less than one-fourth rations of a private in the U. S. Army, and are subjected to all the hardships and indignities which venomous traitors can heap upon them. They are without money or clothing, and a large number of them at Montgomery are imprisoned in afoul and vermin-abounding cotton shed. They are desirous for their discharge, and if bravery and cool and determined behavior deserves it none are more deserving of it that in these Iowa men.

Will you not interfere with the President and General Halleck in their behalf? I should have written you before, but expecting to leave here every day I intended to report to you in person. Having experienced the tender mercies of the rebels I beg of you that you will exert yourself for these brave and meritorious men.

Were the officers of the Eighth, Twelfth and Fourteenth exchanged (and men) the three regiments could take the field with little delay. Excuse this hasty letter. I am quite unwell and hardly able to even write.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DORR,

Quartermaster Twelfth Iowa.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 25. Baltimore, Md., July 6, 1862.

I. The following-named officers of the volunteer force of the United States recently escaped from the military prison at Macon, Ga., will proceed to Washington and report in person to the Adjutant-General: Henry W. Mays, first lieutenant, Ninth Kentucky; N. J. Camp, second lieutenant, Twenty-third Missouri; George W. Brown, second lieutenant, Twenty-third Missouri; George H. Logan, second lieutenant, Company I, Fourteenth Iowa; John S. Agey, first lieutenant, Company D, Fourteenth Iowa; I. N. Rhodes, second sergeant, Company I, Fourteenth Iowa; Milton Rhodes, third sergeant, Company I, Fourteenth

