
his farm in Monroe. A detachment from Company A, Eleventh Regiment Missouri State Militia (Colonel Lipscomb), under command of Lieutenant Donahoo, was immediately sent out from Palmyar to hunt the outlaw. On approaching the farm of Colonel Owen on Sunday about 12 m. the squad discovered a negro running rapidly from the house toward a piece of brush. The lieutenant and his company immediately started for the brush and going into it discovered the game and soon bagged it. At first the colonel showed a determination to resist his capture, but finding such a proceeding useless he yielded. Preparations were made for his execution. He begged the soldiers to take him prisoner. They informed him that "Taking prisoners" was played out. They then placed him upon a stump in front of a file of soldiers and at the word of command eight bullets pierced the body of the rebel, killing him instantly.

Thus has ended the career of a notorious bushwacker and outlaw. He has met the just retribution of his damning crimes.

THE EXECUTION IN NEW ORLEANS.

The miserable hireling Butler is playing the tyrant with a high hand. His savage instincts are far ahead of the most ferocious native of Dehomey or Patagonia. A week or two since as our readers have already been informed he had William B. Mumford executed for tearing down the flag hoisted on the Mint by Commodore Farragut. He died as a patriot should die-with great coolness and self-possession. An instant before he passed into the presence of his Maker he was calm in his demeanor and on his countenance could be found no trace of the ordeal he was passing through.

Commenting upon the execution the black-hearted scribbler in The Delta has the following remarks which we copy because it speaks the sentiment of the Negro Butler and to show the vapid and sickening stuff now in the once eloquent Southern Delta:

"Mumford, the ill-starred youth whose name and fate will be a terror to all who are inclined to trifle with the Government or its sacred emblems in time to come, justly received the reward of his treason and madness in the presence of thousands of spectators as announced in The Delta of last evening. So far as our knowledge extends in the matter it is the first instance upon record of a man being tried, found guilty and executed for laying violent hands upon our national flag, and the lesson it conveys is a solemn and we trust will prove a salutary one. Mumford though standing only as a representative of parties equally guilty at heart as himself had the misfortune to mingle a little more rashness with his treasonable intents than some of his traitor associates and paid the penalty with his worthless life. It is perhaps of very little importance whether this individual so depraved in his nature, so lost to all sense of patriotism and love of country, be dead or alive, and the recompense of forfeiture which he made in the sacrifice of personal existence is in no degree a compensation for the insult which he offered a great and magnanimous people by barely trampling their noble ensign under foot; and the thousands who witnessed the exit of this miserable person from a life he had disgraced must have learned if they had need of such a lesson that it is most dangerous to set at defiance a Government that from its very nature is self-protecting and will at all hazards and under all circumstances vindicate itself and avenge the insult offered its flag. Deluded men may have flattered themselves that because a rabble or mob sometimes rules within the narrow limits of some important town or corporation that thee is no power under the Government sufficiently potent to arrest their mad career when their high-handed wickedness extends to a violation of symbols sacred to a great and powerful nation, but the example of yesterday must disabuse them of any such fallacy.

"The hauling down of the flag on the Mint was a much more cowardly act than entering the ranks in open and armed rebellion, for the perpetrator might well flatter himself that in the absence of those who had either the will or the power to redress the insulted the instant his escape in the melee of a mob-belagueredicty might be relied upon. But in this he misjudged and never did justice overtake a criminal more abandoned or punish a crime more revolting to the senses of every honorable, high-minded person. There could be no reprieve from the execution of a sentence so just; and forever after so long as time shall continue and the good old national flag floats over the Union-as float it will long after the present race of traitors are dead and buried-let him who would violently lay hands upon it to haul it down count well the cost by remembering the fate of Mumford; and lest by your neglect, citizens of New Orleans, some of your children may come to the same bad end teach them that hauling down the American flag is an act of treason and is synonymous with death. "

