
with a list of prisoners of war and political prisoners transferred from this post to Fort Warren in October last. He writes in answer to that: "I have just forwarded to Colonel Hoffman a list of all the prisoners now at this post including the prisoners sent here by you. " It is therefore presumed that a list from me will not be required. He also states that he has not the original list of the Hatteras prisoners which I sent him. I have this day received some 500 prisoners of war among which are some fifty officers. Will you not order these officers sent to Sandusky?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.

The prisoners of war that have been received to-day are very destitute of clothing and need a supply especially of underclothing for cleanliness. Will you authorize an issue from your stock on hand at this post?

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DIVISION,Rolla, Mo., July 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Missouri.

GENERAL: I trust you will pardon the delay of my reply to your letter of 1st instant referring to me for investigation the execution of Best (alias Morris or Morrison) by Major Tompkins, of the Thirteenth Cavalry Regiment, Missouri State Militia. The press of business, the confusion and disorder among a portion of the troops at this post and the attention to be given to the rebel force under Colonels McBride and Coleman constitute my only apology.

After a hurried investigation, general, I would respectfully report the following facts and conclusions collected from various sources and in part from the accompanying documents herewith submitted, marked A, B, C, D, E and F, together with a letter from Major Tompkins to myself, viz: That about 12 o'clock (m.) Sunday, 22 June, Major Tompkins, and with considerable danger to himself, in person and alone arrested a man calling himself Morrison, who sid he was returning from Price's army, passing stealthily through our lines along they by paths of the worst guerrilla communities, being armed and having upon his person a large package of letters from rebels to their friends at home, inciting them to guerrilla warfare, the said letters being inflammatory and treasonable in the highest, revealing the facts that Morris or Morrison was Best, and that he had before acted in the same capacity, and was to return South again and consequently to communicate all he should learn within our lines, showing that he was not simply a regular soldier of the Confederate Army returning home but that he was at least a spy. That before the letters were read he was identified as Old Best, of Livingston County, Mo., by one George Irving, private in Company F, First Illinois Cavalry, whose influence had resulted in the death of more Union men than of any one man in that section of the State. Best stated he had no other business than to convey said letters.

I learn that Major Tompkins after the arrest of Best Delayed his execution only to satisfy himself clearly what was the character of the man and his own duty under General Schofield's Orders, Numbers 18. To do

