
says that he was present at the shooting of Lewis Morrison by major Tompkins, in Texas County, Mo. ; that the said Lewis Morrison admitted that he was of General Price's (rebel) army; saw the letters and heard many of them read inciting to guerrilla warfare in this State; admitted he had no other business in going to north part of State; denied that he was of any other name; saw the Confederate money taken from him; also a navy revolver of the latest pattern and largest size, the same taking place on the 23rd and 25th of June, A. D. 1862. And further deponent saith not.

THOMAS GILMORE.

Subscribed and sworn before me this 3rd day of July, A. D. 1862, at Rolla, Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Missouri State [Militia] Cavalry, Provost-Marshal.

[Sub-inclosure E.]

STATE OF MISSOURI, Phelps County, ss:

Jacob H. Stuart, of Phelps County, Mo., being duly sworn on his oath deposes and says that he was with Major Tompkins in his hunt for rebels from the 20th of June to the 27th day of June; that he was present within two hours after the arresting of Lewis Morrison; that he was present at his execution; that he saw the revolver and letters taken from him, and heard many of the letters read, which spoke of inciting to guerrilla warfare, in the presence of the said Lewis Morrison; that he admitted he belonged to rebel army; that he had no other object than the letters [sic]; that he admitted he had pass our lines stealthily; that he, said Morrison, was in by roads traveling and in a section of country where nearly every inhabitant is a rebel sympathizer, and within four miles of where train was burned, and that he, said Morrison, was making inquiries for the by roads to Waynesville, Pulaski County. And further deponent saith not.

J. H. STUART.

Subscribed and sworn before me this 3rd day of July, A. D., 1862, at Rolla. Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Provost-Marshal.

[Sub-inclosure F.]

ROLLA, MO., July 5, 1862.

We, Lieutenant William A. Lord, Thirteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry; Lieutenant F. M. Avey, Thirteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry; Thomas Gilmore and O. J. Burns, privates Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, being duly sworn testify as follows:

That Best (alias Morrison) was captured by Major Tompkins in person and alone about 12 m. on Sunday, 22nd June. On Monday Major Tompkins left for Rolla for information and advice at the hands of Colonel Boyd, commanding post, and in relation to General Orders, Nos. 18 and 21, issued by Generals Schofield and Curtis. Returned to camp on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning early Best was executed (25th). The distance to Rolla from place of execution was at least thirty miles. We all regarded Best as a spy and a very bad type of a traitor. The major stated on his return that it was Colonel Boyd's opinion "Best should not be brought in. " We are all perfectly satisfied

