
that Major Tompkins was endeavoring in good faith to execute the orders above alluded to. if he has erred it is an honest error. We all testify that the major used diligently all his time and energy to ascertain whether Best came within the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 18 and 21, and it was only after he satisfied himself perfectly that he did and of his infamous and cruel character that he was executed.

We further state that in our presence one George Irving, private in Company F, First Illinois Cavalry, identified Morrison as Best, of Livingston County, Mo., and as one of the worst and most dangerous men in that county and section of the State, who had done more toward killing Union men than all the men in the county of Livingston.

W. A. LORD,

First Lieutenant Co. H, Thirteenth Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.

F. M. AVEY,

Second Lieutenant Co. H, Thirteenth Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.

THOMAS GILMORE,

Private Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

OLIVER J. BURNS,

Private Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this the 5th day of July, A. D. 1862, at Rolla, Mo.

T. M. WILCOX,

Lieutenant and Assistant-Marshal.

BALTIMORE, July 6, 1862.

Colonel E. S. SANFORD:

(For W. W. Harding, Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia.)

Arrived here from Fort Monroe this a. m. and gives cheering accounts of McCellan's army up to Friday p. m. On that day national salute and review by McClellan. Still occupies strong and invincible position. Men anxious to move to Richmond and full of spirits. They heard rumor that movement was called defeat and very indignant as they deem it brilliant success. Richmond papers announce arrival of McCall. I learn that he was wounded slightly in arm during battle and three hours after which in piece of woods captured before he could draw pistol or sword. Richmond papers Friday acknowledge loss 30,000. Reported death Stonewall Jackson denied. He is said to be on left bank Chickahominy. Captain Hazzard, Fourth Artillery, arrived this morning from Fortress badly wounded [in] leg with grape-shot. Spaulding and large ship in tow with sick and wounded left Fortress Saturday evening for New York. Also large steamer for Philadelphia. Steamer Massachusetts arrived at Fortress Friday night with Lieutenants G. W. Brown and N. J. Camp, Twenty-third Missouri; J. S. Agey and G. H. Logan, Fourteenth Iowa; H. W. Mays, Ninth Kentucky, and Sergeants I. N. Rhodes and Milton Rhodes, Fourteenth Iowa, escaped prisoners, on board. All were captured at Shiloh except Mays, who was taken by the guerrilla Morgan. They belonged to General Prentiss' brigade and they corroborated the statement that the surrender took place in the evening after stubborn struggle. While at Macon, Ga., June 1, Lieutenant Camp, Brown and Mays determined to escape. They passed sentinels and walked through town singing Dixie. Traversing swamp at midnight reached Ocmulgee River and finding small boat, by using tin plate and canteen for paddle, started. Next morning found them twenty-five miles from Macon. Secreted themselves all

