
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 7, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a requisition for clothing required for prisoners of war at Fort Delaware.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

Estimates of clothing to be furnished to the commanding officer of Fort Delaware, Captain A. A. Gibson, Second Artillery, for prisoners of war:

1,000 blouses (or any substitute), 1,000 pants, 1,000 shirts, 500 blankets, 500 pairs shoes, 500 caps (or any substitute).

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, July 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I forward the inclosed papers, viz: Order* from Secretary of War for unconditional release of William Pinckney Jones, Third Mississippi Regiment, now a prisoner of war at Camp Douglas. Letter from the Honorable Schuyler Colfax to "Friend Spencer," and letter from J. S. Wigmore to commanding officer Camp Duglas for your instructions in the premises. These papers were received by express from Mr. Wigmore. A doubt is expressed in Mr. Colfax's letter whether Mr. Jones can accept the release before an exchange is arranged for certain other prisoners of he same regiment. Mr. Jones can throw no light on the matter, and wishes to know clearly the obligations he will assume if set at liberty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

MIDDLEPORT, ILL., June 25, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Douglas.

DEAR SIR: I send the inclosed to your care as there might be some delay if sent to Mr. Jones, the prisoner whom this release is for, trusting to your kindness to have it handed to him with letter from Honorable S. Colfax regarding his fellow-prisoners' release. Mr. Colfax's letter, if you will please read it, says he will have to wait until the rest are discharged. I should like to have him come here until that time, but how he will know what day their release will come if absent here I know not. You will confer a lasting favor on now your unknown friend if you will prompt him in regard to this matter, as he doubtless wishes to return to his wife and children.

With much respect, I am, dear sir,

J. S. WIGMORE.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

