
have performed duty as such during their imprisonment here. Doctor Alexander who is also here had been appointed a surgeon prior to his surrender, but if discharged will continue o duty here with the prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Post.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 8, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: It has been represented to me that there are among the prisoners of war at Governor's Island, N. Y., a number of young men of Northern birth who were impressed into the insurgent service ad who it is believed would be willing to enlist in the Army of the United States if permitted to do so. If you think it best to cause an inquiry to be made as to the correctness of these representations I would suggest that Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal for the southern district of New York, who is a very discreet man, be authorized to visit the prisoners for the purpose indicated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 8, 1862.

His Excellency H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri, Saint Louis:

Commanding officer at Cairo has been telegraphed to send paroled men to Jefferson Barracks, Saint Louis, and officer in command there has been ordered to be in readiness to receive them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 8, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant relative to the order of the provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis for the release of a prisoner of war said to be a British subject, and asking for instructions in the case.

You are respectfully informed in reply that except the authority conferred upon you in the cases of sick prisoners as set forth in General Orders, Numbers 67,* there is no authority anywhere save in the War Department to parole or discharge either political prisoners or prisoners of war.

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL,

Commanding Division of Confederate Forces.

GENERAL: Understanding that there are sick and wounded men belonging to the army under my command at Carter's Landing who are

---------------

*See p. 30.

---------------

