
suffering for want of attendance and provisions and that no objections will be entertained by you for their removal here, I accordingly request permission to send a boat under a flag of truce for them.

I would be glad to receive any other wounded and sick men that may be in your possession that belong to my army, and ask to be informed how many there are and if they be subsisted and receive medical assistance.

I have made these requests in the interests of a large humanity, which would seem to justify the delivery of wounded and sick men who must die if they cannot have due care and sustenance, which I learn you are not in a position to afford them.

I shall be glad to receive a reply to this communication at your earliest convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, July 8, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,Commanding U. S. Forces.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date and to inform you that there are thirty of your wounded and sick soldiers at Carter's Landing. So far as lay in my power I have had them attended to, and have sent my staff surgeon to them twice and would have had them removed to Richmond did their condition allow it, where they would have been better cared for. You can send a boat for them any time to-morrow and Mr. Hill Carter will deliver them to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General, Commanding Light Division.

CORINTH, July 8, 1862.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Tuscumbia:

Any one within our lines who corresponds with the enemy is a spy and should be tried and punished as such. Deserters should be released on taking oath and giving parole. The same with refugee citizens if living within our lines. Prisoners of war who wish to be exchanged will be delivered to the enemy on receipt, they giving parole not to serve until regularly exchanged. Perhaps Winston had better be sent to Alton Prison.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 8, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cairo, Ill.:

General Orders, Numbers 72,* just issued, requires paroled prisoners from Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and Missouri to be sent to camp

---------------

*See p. 94.

---------------

