
near Jefferson Barracks, Mo. They must not be furloughed. Send them at once.

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT.

Baltimore, Md., July 8, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you in reply to your communication of the 3rd instant that prisoners of war, civil and military, in this department are confined at Forts Delaware and McHenry. There is no provost-marshal in general charge of these prisoners, but Brevet Brigadier-General Moris is in charge of those at Fort McHenry and Captain A. A. Gibson, Second Artillery in charge of those at Fort Delaware. The major-general commanding directs me to say that he is about to transfer some eighteen political prisoners from Fort McHenry to Fort Lafayette and that Fort McHenry is nearly full at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[WM. D. WHIPPLE.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISS., Numbers 6. Trenton, Tenn., July 8, 1862

The commanders of posts and provost-marshals within this command will arrest and hold in confinement any person refusing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States Government. They will arrest all officers and soldiers returning from the rebel army who do not come forward voluntarily deliver themselves up and take the oath as prescribed. Any person detected in intimidating by threats or otherwise any person from giving in their allegiance to the United States Government or using disloyal language in any way whatever will be arrested and punished to the utmost extent of the law. This division extends from Columbus to Humboldt along the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

GEO. M. REEDER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 8, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of regulations which pursuant to authority given me in General Orders, Numbers 67, of the 17th ultimo from the War Department I have issued for the government of commanders who have charge of stations where prisoners of war are held. I hope they will meet your approbation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

