
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: I inclose herewith for your information and guidance a declaration of martial law in and about Camp Douglas which you will publish conspicuously about the camp and in the newspapers of Chicago so that all interested in it may have due notice. Let your camp outside the fence be as closely adjoining it as possible and make the line which bounds the space covered by martial law so clearly that there can be no doubt about it. A line of stakes fifty feet apart and two above the ground will I suppose be sufficient. Determine upon the line and the mode of establishing it before the announcement is made. Should there be any obstacle in the way which I cannot anticipate refer to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

JULY 8, 1862.

By authority of the War Department martial law is hereby declared in and about Camp Douglas, Ill., extending for a space of 100 feet outside and around the chain of sentinels which space the commanding officer will indicate by a line of stakes, and the area of the ground included within the said line is hereby declared to be under martial law. Any person violating military authority within said line will be subject to punishment by short confinement or trial by court-martial at the discretion of the commanding officer.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Detroit, July 8, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.,

COLONEL: Your letter of yesterday with its inclosures just received. The Secretary of War's orders give you no discretion in the matter and William Pinckney Jones, of the Third Mississippi Regiment, must be immediately and unconditionally released. No obligations are imposed on Mr. Jones by the terms of his release. As an exchanged prisoners he could claim the right to return South. Whether he has the same right under his present release I am not able to say. I return the order for your guidance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN.

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, July 8, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL; By your communication of June 29 I am required to furnish immediately-first, the number of prisoners of war that have been

