
held at Camp Douglas up to this time so far as the records show; second, the number now present; third, the number now sick; fourth, the number now discharged, explaining briefly the circumstances; fifth, the number now escaped; sixth, the number now dead.

I would as a preliminary report say that immediately on receipt of your letter of June 23 specifying lists of prisoners called for by the War Department I directed that the rolls of the different companies and squads of the prisoners which were in the hands of the U. S. corporals detailed to call the daily rolls should be made use of as the proper basis for gaining the proper information. These rolls have been corrected as far as possible by requiring the non-commissioned officers in charge of the prisoners to give from memory or memoranda in their possession the names of all the members of their company or squad who were here but are not now present, and account for them dead, escaped or discharged. This branch of the work is completed and the names are being transcribed in alphabetical order on the rolls sent by you and at the as me time also transcribed in a book to be kept here for reference. Thus two persons are writing and one calling off constantly. In advance of the completion of the rolls I can only report on the different head, as follows: First, cannot at present furnish the information; second, number of prisoners of war present at Camp Douglas as per morning report this day, 7,807; third, number sick per hospital report, 260; fourth cannot report; fifth, cannot report; sixth, number died per report of post surgeon to July 5,650. Numbers of the prisoners appear to have enlisted in the Twenty-third and sixty-fifth Regiments Illinois Volunteers and are probably in their ranks now. The number of sick in quarters are not included in the number 260 who are all in hospital. There must be I fear a large discrepancy between the number as shown by the lists taken as the prisoners came into camp and the numbers now accounted for.

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Regiment Illinois Vols., Commanding Camp Douglas.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Butler, Ill., July 8, 1862

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a requisition* for clothing for the prisoners of war at this camp.

Hoping it may meet your approval, I remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FOND.

Major, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Clothing ordered July 12.

CAMP BUTLER, ILL., July 8, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have made a complete and thorough inspection of the condition of the prisoners of war at this camp and would respectfully call your attention to these facts:

The supply of water to be obtained here is entirely inadequate to the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

