
demand. Many wells have been dug and water obtained, but they all fail to furnish the required amount. These wells appear mutually to depend upon each other for their supply. Additional wells are now being made and are intended to be carried to a considerable depth. It is to be hoped that they may furnish a sufficient supply of this element. Should they however fail water can be procured from a small river (Sangamon River) about half a mile distant. This water is not suitable for drinking purposes.

The prisoners are sadly in want of clothing and I have directed the commanding officer to make a requisition for the necessary amount, which he will forward to-day for your approval. The amount of the estimate was at my suggestion after having minutely inspected and counted the prisoners.

With regard to the fund to be acquired for the use of the prisoners by selling the unnecessary part of the ration I have endeavored to inform the commanding officer and commissary of the manner of conducting it, as directed in your instructions so as not only to be a benefit to the prisoners but a saving of expense to the Government. This mode at first seemed to conflict with the terms of the contract made for furnishing supplies for this post. It appears this contract has been given out with a stipulation that the contractors should issue the rations at their own expense upon the requisition of the commanding officer or commissary. They heretofore have issued directly to the prisoners. It also appears that there was a distinct understanding with the contractors that they should have the privilege of repurchasing such part of the ration as might not be required by the prisoners at such prices as they themselves had determined upon the proceeds to be again invested in articles such as the prisoner might require not prohibited by the commanding officer at such prices as the contractors had fixed. This appears to have been done without the sanction or approval of the present commanding officer of the post or officer in charge of the prisoners. Captain N. W. Edwards assistant commissary of subsistence, volunteer service stationed at Springfield and purchasing commissary of this district, by whom this contract was drawn up on the part of the United States objects to purchasing the saving of the rations of prisoners as directed under your orders without definite instructions to that effect. The commissary at this post has no funds under his control and all purchases are made through Captain Edwards. I desire and request that unequivocal instructions may be furnished him. I inclose herewith a copy of the contract for your information.

A number of the hospitals for the prisoners of war are situated on the outside of the inclosure. I have recommended to the commanding officer that the inclosure be extended to include these buildings, together with the commissary and quartermaster's store-rooms. As they are now situated the physicians, nurses, cooks, attendants and patients are constantly without the line of the sentinels, and are required to have an officer, a guard or a written permission from the commanding officer and surgeon to pass to and from their companies within the lines. Dishonest persons in availing themselves of the privileges of these hospitals may take advantage of their position to escape. By extending the inclosure so as to bring these buildings within the lines of sentinels the above-mentioned persons may pass to and from their quarters and to and from the commissary and quartermaster's store-rooms without molestation from the sentinels. It will

