
sary in charge shall have power to supply the deficiency by purchase, and the said Edwin S. Fowler will be charged with the difference of cost.

7. Said Edwin S. Fowler his heirs, executors and administrators shall always either by themselves or agent, be at said posts ready to receive the requisition of the officer or other persons authorized to receive said supplies which are to be delivered and issued at said place or places, as may be directed by the commanding officer or commissary, and the said Edwin S. Fowler is to furnish the necessary hands for weighing delivering and issuing at their own expense.

8. No member of Congress shall be admitted to any share herein or any benefit to arise therefrom.

In witness whereof the undersigned have hereunto placed their hands and seals the day and date above written.

E. S. FOWLER.

[SEAL.]

NINIAN W. EDWARDS,

[SEAL.]

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

Know all men by these presents: That we, Edwin S. Flower and Edward L. Baker and Samuel H. Melvin, are held and firmly bound to the United States of American in the sum of $15,000 lawful money of the United States, for which payment well and truly to be made we bind ourselves and each of us, our and each of our heirs, executors and administrators for and in the whole, jointly and severally, firmly by these presents.

Sealed with our seal, dated the 16th day of June, A. D. 1862. The nature of this obligation is such that if the above bounden Edwin S. Fowler his heirs, executors and administrators or any of them shall and to in all things well and truly observe, perform, fulfill, accomplish and keep all and singular the covenants, conditions, and agreements whatsoever which on the part of the said Edwin S. Fowler his heirs, executors or administrators are or ought to be observed performed, fulfilled, accomplished and kept, comprised or mentioned in certain articles of agreement or contract bearing date the 16th of June, 1862, between Ninian W. Edwards and the said Edwin S. Fowler concerning the supply, delivering and issued of rations or other articles, according to the true intent and meaning of the said articles of agreement or contract then the above obligations to be void; otherwise to remain in full force and virtue.

E. S. FOWLER. [SEAL.]

E. L. BAKER. [SEAL.]

S. H. MELVIN. [SEAL.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 9, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I herewith inclose a letter unofficially presented to me by the French Minister, M. Henry Mercier, in reference to Pierre Soule a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette which I respectfully submit for your consideration.

I have the honor to be sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

