
[Inclosure-Translation.]

[WASHINGTON.], July 1, 1862.

Mr. FREDERICK W. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: Herewith is the letter of which I spoke to you yesterday and which I take the liberty of commending to the kind attention of your father.

Truly, yours,

HENRI MERCIER.

[Sub-inclosure-Translation.]

NEW YORK, June 28, 1862.

M. HENRY MERCIER, Minister of France, &amp;c., Washington.

MR. MINISTER: Since my return hither from the short visit I had the honor to make you a few days past I learn that Mr. P. Soule, of New Orleans, now a prisoner at Fort Lafayette is ill and that his physical decline as well as mental condition causes some uneasiness.

The Government at Washington no doubt is not informed of his situation and perhaps you may not think it of disadvantage-you, sir, who have at heart only the welfare of the great Republic- to place this situation before Mr. Seward. It is at all events a question of humanity, perhaps one of policy, for in fact if misfortune befall Mr. Soule would not the Government fear that it might be accused, as well in Europe as at the South, of having listened only to the whispers of a mean revenge, and would to the hostility of the people that it is attempting to reclaim be increased?

At the long conference with which the Secretary of State was pleased to favor me some days past he seemed to me to be moved by sentiments so conciliatory and the desire to be just that I feel emboldened to make to him through you respectful representations on the matter in question. I hope his heart and high intellect will appreciate them favorably. At all events I leave the whole in your hands, and you will it is needless to say make such use of my communications you think fit.

I was charmed to make your acquaintance and regret my short stay at Washington prevented me from cultivating it.

Accept, Mr. Minister, the expression of my high consideration.

M. HEINE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 9, 1862

Brigadier-General THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: You will take immediate measures to remove the prisoners of war from Governor's Island to some place of security and also to guard Fort Columbus and Castle William from any danger by surprise or otherwise from the prisoners there. You will also take measures to remove all the prisoners from the forts in New York Harbor to places of security immediately.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 9, 1862

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.:

Very urgent complaints are made to the Department by some of the best known and worthiest citizens of Columbus, Ohio, as to the mis-

