SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 98. New Orleans, June 13, 1862.

William M. Clary, late second officer of the U. S. steam transport Saxon, and Stanislaus Roy, of New Orleans, on the night of the 11th of June, instant, having forged a pretended authority of the major-general commanding, being armed, in company with other evil-disposed persons under false names and in a pretended inform of soldiers of the United States, entered the house of a peaceable citizen, Numbers 93 Toulouse street, about the hour of 11 o'clock in the nighttime, and then in a pretended search for arms and treasonable correspondence by virtue of such forged authority plundered said house stole therefrom $1,885 in current bank notes, one gold watch and chain and one bosom pin.

This outrage was reported to the commanding general at 11 o'clock a. m. on the 12th day of June, instant, and by his order Clary and Roy were detected and arrested on the same day and brought before the commanding general at 1 o'clock p. m. of this day, when and where it appeared by incontrovertible evidence that the facts above stated were true, and all material parts thereof were voluntarily confessed by Clary and Roy. It further appeared that Clary and Roy had before this occasion visited other houses of peaceable citizens in the nighttime and for like purposes and under like false pretenses. Brass knuckles, burglar keys and a portion of the stolen property and other property stolen form other parties were found upon the person of Roy and in this lodgings.

Whereupon, after a full hearing of the defense of Clary and Roy and due consideration of the evidence, it was ordered by the commanding general that William M. Clary and Stanislaus Roy for their offenses be punished by being hanged by the neck until they are dead, and this sentence be executed upon them and each of them between the hours of 8 o'clock a. m. and 12 m. on Monday, the 16th day of June, instant, at or near the parish prisons, in the city of New Orleans.

The provost-marshal will cause said sentence to be executed, and for so doing this order will be his sufficient warrant.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

POPE'S HEADQUARTERS, June 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Asboth reports to me from Rienzi that the woods and swamps east of him are swarming with deserters from the enemy. They are making they way homeward. What is to be done with them? Had they not better be suffered to go? It would take reams of blanks to administer oaths to them. I have not hitherto meddled with them as I could not feed them. Thousands have passed on their way home and as many more are coming every day. They endeavor to pass without coming into camp.

JOHN POPE.

CORINTH, MISS., June 13, 1862.

Colonel W. S. LOWE, Commanding Fort Henry:

Muster they mutinous exchanged prisoners out of service and turn them out of your camp.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

