
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington, July 9, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: You will proceed to Forts Columbus and Lafayette and such other points as may be necessary to execute the special instructions of the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, July 9, 1862.

General B. BRAGG, Commanding, &c., Tupelo.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 6th instant is just received. In regard to the case of Doctor Benjamin I have only to remark that his parole was given precisely as he asked it. If he made a mistake in regard to his own rank no one is at fault but himself. He will be expected to carry out his voluntary agreement.

In regard to the accusations and threats contained in your letters, I have no remark to make other than that the accusations are untrue, and the threats unbecoming. Any officer or soldier in my command who violates the laws of war will be duly punished, but I shall not be deterred from the due enforcement of these laws by any threats of a barbarous retaliation either from you or your Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 9, 1862.

GENERAL COMMANDING, Department of the Appomattox.

SIR: By command of Major-General McClellan, commanding to Army of the Potomac, I send by flag of truce Lieutenant Marcus A. Throneburg, of the Twenty-eighth North Carolina Regiment who has been exchanged for Lieutenant Perkins, of General Butterfield's staff. Several officers of the Army of the United States who were taken prisoners and paroled for the purpose of effecting exchanges return within your lines under the same flag, having failed to accomplish their object.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX.,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 9, 1862.

Lieutenant JOHN A. DARLING, Second Artillery, Aide-de-Camp.:

You will proceed to-morrow with flag of truce up the James River, in charge of certain officers of the Federal Army, prisoners of war, released conditionally for the purpose of attempting, to effect a mutual exchange of prisoners of war and who return to fulfill the conditions of their release.

11 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV.

