
Also one certain officer, prisoner of war (Lieutenant Throneburg, Twenty-eighth North Carolina Regiment), released on exchange for Lieutenant Perkins, U. S. Army of General Buttlerfield's staff.

Also certain (wounded) prisoners of war released on their parole to go to their homes.

Also certain political or state prisoners (citizens) released paroled to go to their homes.

You will land at City Point the above officers of the U. S. Army also Lieutenant Throneburg, and the wounded prisoners so paroled.

You will then proceed to some point on the east bank of the U. S. Army, also Lieutenant Throneburg, and the wounded prisoners so paroled.

You will then proceed to some point on the east bank of the James River, above City Point and beyond our lines, and there land the citizen prisoners. If not practicable to land them at such place beyond and above our lines you will also land them at City Point.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., DIST., OF JACKSON, TENN., Numbers 23. Jackson, July 9, 1862

All citizens over eighteen years of age residing inside the picket-lines of the U. S. forces at this place are required to appear before the provost-marshal by Saturday, 12th instant, 12 o'clock m., and take the prescribed oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States of America. All who fail to comply with this order by the above prescribed time will be arrested and disposed of as prisoners of war. Prisoners who have heretofore been paroled do not come within he purview of this order.

By command of Brigadier General John A. Logan:

J. J. DOLLINS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Detroit, July 9, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill. ;

COLONEL: The Quartermaster-General does not approve of the system of sewerage and introduction of water-pipes proposed at Camp Douglas which I referred to him, nor has he as yet approved of any change in the condition of the barracks. You will therefore carry out as thoroughly as possible the system of police which I directed. Let the old sinks be as perfectly covered up as possible and have the new ones large and deep, with good shed houses over them. Have a thorough police of all the grounds daily and carry off the refuse trash of all kinds in carts; use lime plentifully everywhere. All of its work must be done by details from the prisoners so far as their own barracks and camp-grounds are concerned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN.

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 10, 1862

ROBERT MURRAY, U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: You are authorized to visit and hold communication with the person now held as prisoners of war at New York for the purpose of

