
ascertaining whether any and how many of them are willing to enter into the military service of the United Sates ad to make a report to this Department.

All officers having charge of such prisoners will regard this as a pass to see the prisoners in their custody.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 10, 1862.

Honorable JAMES L. BATES, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: Various petitions have been received from citizens of Columbus and its vicinity, in your State protesting against prisoners of war being allowed to be at large in the city on their mere parole of honor, and among these petitions is one signed by yourself and others.

The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, was yesterday telegraphed to instantly arrest and transport to Johnson's Island all the rebel prisoners who were at large on parole in Columbus and its vicinity. He was at the same time informed that except in cases of extreme illness it should become necessary for him to exercise the limited authority conferred upon him by General Orders, No. 67, he must have such sick prisoners transferred to the military prison at Johnson's Island as soon as their condition will permit their removal.

A copy of the general order* above referred to is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 10, 1862.

J. S. KEYES, U. S. Marshal, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant informing this Department of the action of the grand jury in the case of James Lyons suspected of being one of the Sumter pirates.

When the examination is finally closed you will please to communicate the fact, so that the Department may immediately act thereon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 10, 1862

Honorable JOSHUA R. GIDDINGS,

U. S. Consul-General, Montreal, Canada.

SIR: The Secretary of War desire me to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 7th instant covering a note from Mr. John Young, of Montreal addressed to you, desiring your assistance in procuring the release on parole of Captain John Handy, of the Tenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, now a prisoner of war in Sandusky, Ohio.

---------------

*See p. 30.

---------------

