
WASHINGTON, July 10, 1862.

Mr. J. S. LAMB.

DEAR SIR: I have received the letters of yourself, Garrett, Martin and Crawford and have laid them before the War Department with a statement of my own (verbal). I am assured that the matter will be investigated and will I hope result in your all being released. You must exercise some patience. This great Government has many things to attend to. Kind regards to our friends.

I am, very truly, yours,

HORACE MAYNARD.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 10, 1862.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,Commanding Department of Virginia.

GENERAL: I have sent a flag of truce to City Point with Lieutenant Throneburg, with two of our own paroled officers whose time expires to-night and who reported to me at the last moment, and some political prisoners whom I have discharged under a stringent parole as authorized by you. I would have ordered Lieutenant Darling of the Second Artillery, who goes with them to report o you, but I suppose he could not avail himself of the protection of the flag up and down the river if he did not confine himself strictly to the purpose for which it is sent.

* * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX.,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, N. Y., July 10, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Baltic will be ready this evening and will take from Fort Columbus all the prisoners of war, including one officer, except a few sick, over a thousand, and from Fort Lafayette about 120, leaving there some forty political prisoners. Not a man is now in Castle William. I send a guard of 4 officers and 100 men. I shall visit Fort Delaware on my way back.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 10, 1862.

Commodore PAULDING, Commanding Brooklyn Navy-Yard.

COMMODORE: I am here for the purpose of transferring the prisoners of war from the forts in this harbor to Fort Delaware. They number upward of 1,000 and will be sent in the steamer Baltic. I shall send a guard, but to avoid a rescue I think it proper also to have a convoy round to the Delaware River. Will you under these circumstances send a gun-boat on this service? Please address your answer to me at Numbers 6. State street.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.

