
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 10, 1862

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant. I am glad to be relieved of the responsibility of deciding that Camp Douglas cannot have large expenditures made to improve its sanitary condition. The condition of the camp excited the apprehensions of the officers and of the neighbors, and I felt bound to submit the plans which had been projected for the improvements, though I was doubtful of the necessity of it to the extent suggested. Much of the work inside was to have been done by the prisoners. Before I left I gave directions for a very general and thorough system of police to be carried out immediately all of which was to be done by the prisoners, and if my orders are attended to as I think they will be the camp will be put in as good and wholesome state of police as it is susceptible of. But there are some improvements which are indispensable. Some of the quarters which were originally put up as stables have board roofs which leak very much, besides being in a falling condition. These should be set up again and covered with waterproof roofs. Some old stables on the lowest ground in the camp might be used for this purpose, and by removing them a part of the fence might be moved in so as to lessen the extent of the camp and at the same time much improve the condition of the fence, which is now no obstacle to the escape of the prisoners. I cannot say what the expenses of these repairs would be but as much old lumber would be used they cannot amount to much. Wherever the labor of prisoners can be used it will be done and as much economy observed as possible.

I have just received the accompanying note* from Doctor Bellows, president of the Sanitary Commission, which will show you what he thinks of the location and state of the camp. I do not agree with him as to its fearful condition, nor do I think it is past being put in a whole-some condition. When he asked my permission to visit the camp in his official capacity I granted it, with the request that he should make no report on its condition, as I should do that myself. I shall of course release him from any pledge of silence he may be under to me. As the doctor had not seen the camp when he made the promise he could scarcely have been influenced to give it by any impression that he may have taken up that I intended to move the camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN.

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, July 10, 1862

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: In order to save correspondence please instruct me on the following points:

1. Can prisoners of war whose term of life is evidently short be released upon parole, or on taking the oath of allegiance, or on any terms?

2. Will those who furnish substantial proof that they were forced into the rebel service and desire to take the oath of allegiance and give bonds be released?

---------------

*See p. 106.

---------------

