
3. In case a general exchange of prisoners is arranged will Government insist on exchanging those who do not desire it and compel them to go South again as Confederate soldiers, and if not what will be done with such prisoners?

4. Are the balances which appear on Colonel Mulligan's ledger to be due prisoners claims on the United States and will they be made good in case Colonel Mulligan does not supply the deficiency reported?

In order to gain time and not compromise the colonel I am only certifying orders to the amount of one-half of prisoners' balances, said half not to exceed $5, as, if this is only personal indebtedness of his and he should not liquidate it, the loss must fall on all his prisoners creditors alike, and it would not be fair to pay the account in full till the fund is exhausted and let the remainder get nothing. I am much embarrassed about this matter and beg for your advice, if you cannot instruct. I hear nothing from Colonel Mulligan yet.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JOSEPH H. TUCKER.]

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, July 10, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: The following are and have been permanent posts in this department: Wheeling, on the Ohio River; Grafton, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, 100 miles from Wheeling; Cumberland, Md., on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, 200 miles from Wheeling; Clarksburg, Va., on Northwestern Virginia Railroad, twenty-three miles from Grafton; Parkersburg, Va., on Ohio River, ninety-six miles from Wheeling ; Gallipolis, Ohio, on Ohio River, four miles from mouth of Kanawha; Charleston, Va., on Kanawha River, sixty miles from mouth; Gauley Bridge, Va., on junction of New River and Kanawha; Raleigh Court-House, Raleigh County, Va. ; Guyandotte, Va., on Ohio River; Buckhannon, Upshur County, Va. ; Romney, Hampshire County, Va.

The following have been lately added within its limits; Martinsburg, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad eighty miles from Cumberland; Winchester, Frederick County, Va. I will do all in my power to procure from the commanding officers at these points the monthly returns required by you. Having had a full conversation with Captain Lazelle I do not refer to the matters discussed between us, knowing you will be duly advised of the same. I leave for the Kanawha District to-morrow afternoon. I shall endeavor to carry out all your instructions as contained in the circular to be printed, of which please send me several copies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE OF THE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL OF OHIO,

Columbus, July 10, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I inclose to you some letters sent to Governor Tod and handed to me by him. They relate to the security of Johnson's Island, which the Governor thinks had not a sufficient guard, and informs me that upon his suggestion the Michigan (naval steamer) was sent to

