
that vicinity by the Secretary of the Navy, and he further has informed me that he ordered there a company of volunteers as a further temporary security. he believes that with a small guard the danger is imminent of an attempt at rescue by unscrupulous parties on the Canada side, hired for the purpose by wealthy friends of prisoners confined at Johnson's Island. Of that matter and the necessity for his precautionary measures you will best be able to judge.

With the highest respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry.

[Inclosure.]

TOLEDO, July 1, 1862.

General CHARLES W. HILL, Columbus.

DEAR SIR: The inclosed has just reached me this morning. You may judge as to the chance of its being correct in information. You will note the closing sentence which says, "I am not deceived. "

Your friend, truly,

RICHARD MOTT.

[Sub-inclosure.]

WINDSOR, June 28, 1862.

RICHARD MOTT.

DEAR FRIEND: I have good reason for believing that an attempt will soon be made to release prisoners on Johnson's Island. I cannot ascertain facts sufficient, however, to warrant me in saying that certain Canadians well-known and prominent men, are aiding Kentucky fugitives here and at Malden to carry out their plot. Our Government should at least be put on their guard. I am not deceived.

Yours, truly,

ISAAC N. HATHAWAY.

OZARK, July 10, 1862.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.

GENERAL: The exchange which you offer cannot be accepted by me.

1. Thompson Pearce, Private J. L. Stevens and Private Lewis J. Davis being at present at Springfield held as prisoners cannot be allowed to take the oath, but must be held by U. S. forces as prisoners of war and exchanged as prisoners of war.

2. John Brettoni and R. G. Lauderdale are not at present prisoners of war from the fact that they are not members of the C. S. Army. If you will have the kindness to send the three prisoners who are members of my battalion to me I will have the ten me for whom I came to exchange released, provided that you will give me credit for the remaining seven. If above conditions cannot be granted our communication will close.

General, I am, very respectfully, your humble and obedient servant,

C. H. CLIFFORD.

Major, C. S. Army.

BERKELEY, VA., July 11, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

To-day received letter from General R. E. Lee offering to return to me on parole our wounded. I have accepted the offer and will send transports as soon as he designates the place.

* * * * *

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General.

