HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a letter from General R. E. Lee under date of the 9th instant, received to-day, proposing to deliver to us our wounded prisoners in his hands; also a copy of my reply to the same. I commend to your attention the humane spirit evinced by General Lee, and I also beg leave to commend to your consideration a mutual release of all prisoners upon parole, exchanging as far as may be practicable. I am satisfied that any views which you may deem just and equal will be acceded to at once by the other party, and I deem it a duty to our soldiers who are suffering in captivity and whose condition tortures the heart of the nation to meet this subject in the best spirit of civilized warfare, and at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 9, 1862.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the United States.

GENERAL: Notwithstanding such care as we have been able to give the wounded of your army who have fallen into our hands, in addition to that of your own medical officers, I learn with regret that they are dying rapidly. In order to alleviate their sufferings and to facilitate their recovery as far as possible I am willing to release them on parole, provided you can receive them at a point to which we can transport them without adding to their distress.

if it meets with your convenience I will endeavor to transport them to some point on the Pamunkey or James River whence you can take them in your transports.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1862.

General R. E. LEE.

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th in relation to my wounded men in your possession and to express my cordial thanks for the humanity which dictated it.

I will be glad to receive the men in question at such point on the James River as may be most convenient to you. I can receive 1,500 to-day or say 2,500 to-morrow. Should it be proper or practicable I can send ambulances to any hospitals you may designate.

For such as cannot be removed I would be glad to send ice or any other hospital stores and comforts that you may deem advisable or necessary.

Again thanking you for the spirit which pervades your letter, and asking how I can best reciprocate it,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

