
LOUISVILLE, June 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The release of prisoners sent from Kentucky to Camp Chase will injure us very much in Kentucky. They return emboldened and to assassinate the men who arrested them. It will endanger us in Kentucky.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Riley, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BLUNT,Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth.

GENERAL: Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Department of Kansas, dated June 10, 1862, received last night, I send to you all the information I can obtain relative to the prisoners in my charge at this post. I have no official information concerning them aside from the paroles, of which I inclose a copy. I can find no papers in the office expect a list of their names. I classified them upon the statement of the officers with them. Time of capture, by whom taken and time of parole, by whom paroled, &amp;c., is wholly from them except the paroles referred to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. WHITTENHALL,

Captain, Second Regiment Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

I, J. A. Darby, a first lieutenant of Company I, Colonel Green's regiment of the Confederate Army, do solemnly swear that I will not bear arms against the Government of the United States, or in any other manner either directly or indirectly serve against the Government unless duly exchanged or otherwise released by proper authority from the obligations of this parole: So help me God.

J. A. DARBY,

Company I, Fifth Regiment Texas Mounted Volunteers.

Attest:

A. W. EVANS,

Captain, Sixth Cavalry, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Council Grove, Kans., June 13, 1862.

Captain DANIEL S. WHITTENHALL,

Commanding Post, Fort Riley.

CAPTAIN: In apply to the communication referred to be by yourself from the Department of Kansas dated June 9 [10] I would state that in my letter to the department of the 5th instant I gave them all the information I was possessed of relative to the prisoners now at Fort Riley. I was not furnished with a copy of the parole, and in fact I have only the word of Lieutenant Johnson that one existed. Major Hayden, of Fort Larned, informed me that he had conferred fully with General Blunt upon the subject and I had supposed that the necessary information had passed around me. The regiments to which the

2 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

