HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 11, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

I request to be furnished at your earliest convenience with a list of the prisoners taken by this army now detained at the various posts at the North, stating the company and regiment of the prisoners and where taken. In the confusion naturally incident to a battle some prisoners have been sent to the rear and found their way North without any register of them by the provost-marshals here. A complete list is indispensable to me and it is important I should be furnished with it at once. It is presumed that Colonel Hoffman can furnish the lists. If not, then the various commanders of the first of detention at the North can furnish them. The lists should embrace the names of all prisoners taken by the Army of the Potomac since its arrival on the Peninsula.

G. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington, July 11, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: In answer to a telegram received at this office from Colonel Lewis Merrill stating that there is no camp near Jeffereson Barracks, and inquiring whether the camp of instruction at Benton Barracks is the camp referred to in General Orders, Numbers 72, I have the honor to reply that the commanding officer of the department may exercise his own discretion as to whether he will establish the camp for paroled prisoners at Jefferson Barracks or at Benton Barracks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT

Baltimore, Md., July 11, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding Army Corps:

SIR: In order that the major-general commanding this department may comply with an order from the War Department directing him to release on parole the same number of rebel prisoners belonging to Jackson's army that Jackson released of our men I have the honor to request that you will if it is in your power furnish me with a list of the U. S. soldiers who were released on parole by Jackson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,[WM. D. WHIPPLE.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,

Baltimore, Md., July 11, 1862.

Brig General W. W. MORRIS, Commanding Fort McHenry.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you in reply to your communication of the 10th instant that the commanding general deems it inexpedient

