
to provide political prisoners with stationery at the expense of Government. He can see no reason why it should not be done at their own cost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[WM. D. WHIPPLE.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DETROIT, July 11, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Have just returned from Sandusky. I have given but one parole to a chaplain very ill. The paroles at Columbus are without my knowledge or approbation.

W. HOFFMAN.

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith petitions* with letters from the provost-marshal-general at Wheeling Va., in favor of Sylvanus Harper Jacob Phares, Solomon Hedrick, Copeland Thompson, James Bennett, Isaac Hinckle, Laban Teter, Joseph Lantz, John W. Dolly and George Bennett, prisoners of war, at Wheeling Va. I have heretofore referred other petitions in favor of most of these men to the Department. Major Darr after looking carefully into these cases recommends that they be released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds for good behavior which recommendation is approved by Governor Peirpoint. From what appears in these papers and in statements made to me by Mr. Abram Hinckle, one of the petitioners, I respectfully recommend that these men be released on the terms suggested by Major Darr.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, July 11, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I beg leave respectfully to request that you will send me the authority in writing to make the repairs and changes which were suggested and agreed upon when you were here, viz: The purchase of necessary horses and carts or drays for service in camp, also portable saw for sawing wood; necessary repairs of fences and barracks, and the building of a bake-house for the camp. I would respectfully inform you also that I regard it as of vital importance to the health of the camp and safety of the prisoners of war that the sewer spoken of should be constructed and the water taken into camp. The necessity

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

