
for all prisoners of war to resort to the extreme northeast corner of the camp makes that a weak point besides affording an insufficient supply of water, and the water is setting back under the walls of Mrs. Bradley's house adjoining camp (of which complaint was made to you when here) to the extent that will cause her serious injury. Besides we want the water to pass through the vaults of the sinks to be constructed over the sewer proposed. It is very desirable also that I should be authorized at once to draw in on the south line by taking down the fence on that side and putting it up on the new line, and take down the old stables formerly for cavalry horses and using the lumber for repairs and perhaps a new barrack or two inside the new line. I do not overestimate the importance of these two or three measures stated and the necessity of prompt action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Post.

P. S. - Captain Potter, assistant quartermaster, appears to desire to co-operate with me in his department.

J. H. T.

ON BOARD STEAMER JOHN TUCKER, July 11, 1862.

Major-General DIX.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of your order dated July 9, 1862, Headquarters Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va., directing me "to proceed with steamer John Tucker under flag of truce up York River to White House and then to receive all the sick and wounded who were in the hospital near Cumberland Landing," I took on board all necessary rations and medical stores and proceeded with all possible expedition to and up the York River, but was met by an officer in charge of a flag of truce at cumberland Landing, who placed in my hands the inclosed communication requesting me to detain the steamer at that point for reasons which are therein made manifest.

I then proceeded with ambulances and under charge of Lieutenant Clopton, C. S. Army, to the hospital at Talleysville and safely removed to the steamer the inmates, 106 in number (a list* of whose names and regiments you will please find inclosed), together with all personal and Government property in their possession.

This done I returned with them to this point where I have the honor to wait your further orders.

Very rsepectfully, your obedient servant,

WILBER LEITCH,

Surgeon-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR TALLEYSVILLE, VA., July 9, 1862.

The OFFICER IN CHARGE U. S. STEAMER PROCEEDING UNDER FLAG OF TRUCE TO CONVEY PRISONERS RELEASED UNDER PAROLE FROM TALLEYSVILLE.

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will stop your boat at Cumberland Landing, as that was the point which I authorized Lieutenant Clopton, in charge of flag of truce on yesterday, to consent to your coming.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

