
Doctor Weisel, the surgeon in charge of hospital at Talleysville, would himself prefer Cumberland Landing, as the roads are much better to that point than to the White House Landing.

This communication will be handed to you by William E. Clopton, first lieutenant, acting commissary of subsistence.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.

THOMAS F. GOODE,

Colonel, Commanding Confederate Forces near Talleysville.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe;

The President directs me to say that he authorizes you to negotiate a general exchange of prisoners with the enemy.

You will take immediate measures for that purpose, observing proper caution against any recognition of the rebel Government and confining the negotiation to the subject of exchange. The cartel between the United States and Great Britain has been considered a proper regulation as to the relative exchange value of prisoners. Your note received this morning is answered by mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 12, 1862

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

The President authorizes you to appoint a provost-marshal to exercise the jurisdiction and authority of that office under you within the city of Nashville. He has ordered Colonel Campbell to be released from arrest and that Captain Greene without delay turn over his command to the officer next in rank and leave the city of Nashville and report himself in person to General Buell. The President hopes this will be satisfactory to you and that you will use efforts to prevent any disputes or collisions of authority between your subordinates and those of General Buell.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1862

Colonel LEWIS D. CAMPBELL, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your immediate release from arrest has been ordered.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 12, 1862.

Captain GREENE, Nashville, Tenn.:

The President having been informed that you have put under arrest Colonel Lewis D. Campbell who was acting under authority of Governor Andrew Johnson as provost-marshal, he directs that Colonel Campbell be immediately discharged from arrest. He also orders that hereafter

