
you abstain from interfering with or resisting any order of Governor Johnson or with any officer acting under his authority. The President also directs that without delay you turn over your command to the officer next in rank and leave the city of Nashville and report yourself in person to General Buell.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 12, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 9th instant covering copy of a letter from the French minister and one from M. Heine relative to the physical and mental condition of Pierre Soule, a prisoner at Fort Lafayette.

Immediately upon the delivery of your note a telegram was addressed to the commandant at Fort Lafayette inquiring of the condition of Pierre Soule, and a reply (a copy of which is inclosed) was received on the 10th instant, which will enable you to assure the French minister and M. Heine that he was then in perfect health.

This is the third time within as many weeks that it has been represented to the Department that Mr. Soule was sick, and in each case the statement has turned out to be absolutely without foundation. He has not been ill since his confinement at Fort Lafayette.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, July 9, 1862.

Honorable C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C. ;

SIR; Inclosed you will please find papers marked Nos. 1 and 2. The first one is an answer to your telegraph dispatch of this day, which was sent by telegraph to you. With regard to paper Numbers 2 I do not know whether Mr. Soule would desire me to send a surgeon to examine him without his first expressing a wish to that effect. I would be glad if the Department would give me express instructions on this subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery,

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, July 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, Fort Hamilton.

COLONEL; In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to report that Pierre Soule, prisoner confined at this post, is in perfect health.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

