HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 12, 1862.

Captain WILSON BARSTOW, Aide-de-Camp.

SIR: You will proceed in charge of flag of truce with certain prisoners (citizens) released on parole, landing them at some convenient point being our lines on the York or Pamunkey Rivers. Thence returning to Yorktown at which place the flag of truce will cease. You will there receive the balance of the company of the Eighth New York Militia (a part of which said company is now on duty at Point Lookout) and convey such troops to Point Lookout there to act as a guard to the hospitals at that place. Thence proceeding with the convalescent paroled officers and men to Annapolis (who will accompany you from Fort Monroe) delivering them to the commanding officer at that post, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 72, War Department, June 28, 1862. All which being performed you will return to this place.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BURNE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, July 12, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Mississippi.

COLONEL; I have the honor to respectfully suggest to the major-general commanding the propriety of modifying General Orders, Numbers 13,* Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, March 30, 1862. This order requires that sentences of military commissions extending to confiscation of property or imprisonment for a longer period than thirty days be confirmed by the commanding general of the department, while the law requires sentences of general courts-martial to be so confirmed only when they amount to death or dismissal of a commissioned officer.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington, July 12, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit:

Furnish as soon as possible a complete list of prisoners taken by Army of the Potomac since its arrival on the Peninsula. State company and regiment, place where taken and place where confined.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 12, 1862.

Dr. HENRY W. BELLOWS,

President of the Sanitary Commission, New York.

SIR: I received your favor of the 9th instant+ yesterday on my return from Sandusky and I hasten to reply to it. When I requested you to

---------------

*Omitted here; see Vol. I, this Series, p. 177.

+Not found.

---------------

