
[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 19, 1862.

The Adjutant-General will instruct Colonel Mulligan to report promptly and directly to this Department upon the matter herein referred to.

By order:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, July 9, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: In accordance with your directions of June 29 to report to you, first, the condition in which I found the records of the camp on taking command; second, the amount of funds turned over to me belonging to prisoners of war and the condition of accounts relating thereto; third, the amount of hospital and other funds if there be any; fourth, and all matters relating to the sanitary condition of the camp, I would respectfully report: First, that I found no regular files of any description at the post quarters. There were some papers in the pigeon-holes, but they mostly referred to matters prior to Colonel Mulligan's assuming command. Such as they were they were filed with no system and on being carefully examined threw but little light on prisoners' business. Second, I received from colonel Cameron the sum of $2, 663. 88 and receipted to him for that amount, specifying the description of funds, $2,628. 88 being prisoners funds and $35 post funds. The discount for collection of drafts, depreciated money and bills utterly worthless is $61. 92, leaving in my hands available funds of prisoners received by Colonels Mulligan and Cameron to the amount of $2,566. 96. Against this there is a list of prisoners' balances drawn off Colonel Mulligan's ledger (the only book that was kept) by Corpl. W. B. Mulford of the Twenty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Irish Brigade, amounting to $3,310. 25 and a list of moneys received for prisoners by Colonel Cameron made by same party amounting to $707. 50; aggregate, $4,017. 75, leaving a deficiency of $1,450. 79. Third, I am not able to give the amount of hospital funds. It is in the hands of Captain Christopher, U. S. Army, and no report has been received from him in regard to it though one has been called for. Fourth, answer to this will be the subject of another communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to return herewith papers in relation to Drs. J. L. H. Sessum, E. R. Crockett, S. E. Winnemore and R. H. Andrews, prisoners of war at Camp Butler, together with such further proof as can be offered to establish that they are in the position of medical officers and therefore entitled to their discharge.

