
There are other cases like the above and there are hospital stewards who have been serving as medical officers. Shall they be considered as having a claim to be discharged under General Orders, Numbers 60?

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP BUTLER, near Springfield, Ill., April 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Dr. E. R. Crockett, of the State of Tennessee, begs to leave to make the following statement and respectfully requests your consideration of the same.

He states that he was within the Southern lines at Fort Donelson at the time of its surrender to the Federal forces on the 16th of February last; that nevertheless he was in nowise connected with the Southern Army nor was he bearing arms in any capacity against the United States or any of its authorities nor had he ever done so; that he was at Fort Donelson with no hostile intentions toward the United States; that his presence there was induced solely by the illness of his brother, R. B. Crockett, of the Thirtieth Tennessee Regiment, to whom he was then upon a visit.

Further Dr. E. R. Crockett would state that the Federal authorities upon taking possession of Fort Donelson as aforesaid did not regard him as a prisoner of war now was he ordered by them into line as such but that the continued illness of his brother the said R. B. Crockett induced him the said E. R. Crockett to attend him to this place; that his presence here is therefore voluntary upon his part; that now his brother having been for some time recovered he has been seeking to return home, but that the U. S. military authorities at this place have restrained his so doing and continue still so to do.

He therefore respectfully asks that you pass an order for his release from his present confinement or take such action in the premises as may cause such release, whichever may be consistent with the powers vested in you and in accordance with your kindness of purpose.

Respectfully,

E. R. CROCKETT.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Butler, April 9, 1862.

From all the information I can gather the within statement is correct. Doctor Crockett has been busily employed in his profession attending to the sick prisoners.

P. MORRISON.

Colonel Eighth Regiment, Commanding Camp Butler.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,April 12, 1862 Doctor Crockett will be retained at Camp Butler on his parole to attend the sick prisoners of war.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 2, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman for investigation and report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

