
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP BUTLER, ILL., June 23, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: I learn that an order has come to this post liberating all Confederate surgeons. I would respectfully submit the following for your consideration;

I joined Company C, First Alabama Regiment in the capacity as private surgeon to that company. I was never mustered in the Confederate service as a private nor have I received any remuneration from that Government. I was to be paid by the company. A few days after my arriving at Island Numbers 10 I was appointed by the lieutenant commanding to the position of surgeon of the floating battery. His certificate a (copy) I inclose you. Before I had time to get my commission we were taken prisoners. I was doing the duties of surgeon up to the time I was taken. On my arrival at Camp Butler the certificate which Lieutenant Averett (commanding floating battery in the C. S. Navy) gave me entitled me to the position of surgeon to the sick prisoners, which position I have held and still hold. Dr. J. Cooper McKee, medical superintendent of Confederate prisoners, and Major Fonda, commanding post, will certify that I have been doing the duties of surgeon since I have been here.

Hoping, dear sir, that your decision may be favorable to me, I remain, yours, very respectfully,

S. E. WINNEMORE.

[Sub-inclosure.]

NEW MADRID, MO., April 10, 1862.

This is to certify that Doctor Winnemore has been doing the duty of surgeon on board the floating battery under my command, and was on duty as surgeon at the time of her abandonment.

S. W. AVERETT,

Lieutenant Commanding, C. S. Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CAMP BUTLER, Springfield, Ill., June 23, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Drs. J. L. H. Sessum, E. R. Crockett, S. E. Winnemore and R. H. Andrews prisoners of war, confined at this camp since last spring have been detailed and acting as medical officers to the prisoners of war up to this date. These gentlemen have not been regularly commissioned, but are desirous of returning home, and would like to know if the late order releasing all medical officers, now prisoners of war is applicable to their cases.

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Post.

J. COOPER McKEE,

Assistant Surgeon U. S. Army, Superintendent Prison Hospitals.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Butler, July 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit

COLONEL; Yours of the 5th instant asking in what capacity Drs. J. L. H. Sessum, E. R. Crockett, S. E. Winnemore and R. H. Andrews

