
appear on the roll is received. I have examined the rolls and do not find them reported as surgeons. I will state, however, as a matter of justice to those gentlemen that they are practicing physicians and surgeons and that they have performed duty as such during their imprisonment here. Doctor Alexander, who is also here, had been appointed a surgeon prior to his surrender, but if discharged will continue on duty here with the prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I was acting as assistant surgeon when captured and have been performing such duty up to this time. Would like to be released if the order releasing surgeons is applicable to my case. If released from being a prisoner of war I wish to remain here and continue my professional services as long as necessary.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. H. SESSUM.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 7, 1862.

As the plea of being an acting assistant surgeon is open to abuse it should not be entertained as ground of release without other proof than the prisoner's own statement. Respectfully referred to the commissary-general of prisoners for investigation and report.

By order:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

STATE OF ILLINOIS, Sangamon County, Camp Butler:

Personally appeared before me, J. G. Fonda, colonel commanding post, the undersigned who being duly sworn depose as follows:

That Dr. S. E. Winnemore was elected private physician of Company C, First Alabama Regiment; that a few days after arriving at Island Numbers 10, the said Dr. S. E. Winnemore was appointed by S. W. Averett, lieutenant commanding floating battery, as surgeon of said floating battery, and that the said Dr. S. E. Winnemore was performing the duties of surgeon at the time of her abandonment and that the said, Dr. S. E. Winnemore being taken prisoner did not have time to get his commission. They further state that the said Dr. S. E. Winnemore has never been in any hostile attitude toward the Government of the United States.

JOHN N. CANTEY,

J. A. PRIM.

JNO A. WOOD.

W. H. BLACKMAN,

C. T. HRABOWSKI,

JOHN BURTON,

Enlisted me of Company C, First Alabama Regiment, C. S. Army.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of July, A. D. 1862.

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Camp Butler.

