
[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 10, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 3rd instant I have the honor to state that I have obtained such additional evidence as would confirm the statements of Doctors Winnemore and Crockett and forward it to you inclosed. Doctors Winnemore and Crockett are on duty as surgeons, each having charge of a hospital of prisoners of war. They have performed their duty faithfully and appear to be gentlemen of honesty and integrity.

S. E. Winnemore appears on the rolls as surgeon Company C, First Alabama Regiment. E. R. Crockett does not appear on the rolls. I will by this evening have completed my inspection of this camp. Will you please send me any additional instructions that may be requisite? The rolls of the prisoners of war do not appear to be well posted up.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF ILLINOIS, Sangamon County, Camp Butler:

Personally appeared before me, J. G. Fonda, colonel commanding post, R. B. Crockett Company A, Thirtieth Tennessee Regiment and in due from made oath that Dr. E. R. Crockett was at Fort Donelson on the 16th of February last when the fort was surrendered; that he was there waiting upon myself (R. B. Crockett) at that time sick, and that for the same reason attended me to this place; that he (the said E. R. Crockett) was a private citizen and in nowise connected with the Confederate Southern Army; that he never took up arms against the Government of the United States nor aided its enemies.

R. B. CROCKETT.

Sworn to and subscribed before me on the 9th day of July, 1862.

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Camp Butler.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP BUTLER, Springfield, Ill., July 8, 1862.

I certify that Dr. E. R. Crockett, confined at this camp as a prisoner of war, has been on duty as a surgeon since his arrival here and that he has performed his duties faithfully.

J. COOPER McKEE,

Asst. Surg., U. S. Army, Supt. Prisoner's Hospital.

DETROIT, July 12, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

I have no rolls of prisoners taken by the Army of the Potomac. Will call for them immediately.

W. HOFFMAN.

