
place of confinement on parole. I have the honor to report that A. E. Reynolds has been on parole in this city since the time of his capture. His parole was given by order of Major-General Halleck. I found him city. I did not give him "permission to leave his place of confinement on parole. " He was not in confinement. At the suggestion of the commanding officer of the district in the absence of General Halleck I extended his parole to report to the Secretary of War to endeavor to Department of the Mississippi I had authority to extend his parole. I did so under the impression that there was no impropriety in permitting him to leave Saint Louis, where he was on parole and where I then thought and still believe the good of the cause of the Union required that no prisoners should be suffered to be at large on parole.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General, District of Missouri.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., July 12, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington D. C.

SIR; Inclosed you will receive a list of the prisoners remaining in Fort Lafayette. I sent off 138 by your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

List of prisoners in Fort Lafayette.

Pierre Soule, Adolphe Mazureau, W. H. Child, W. R. Butt, R. T. Zarvona, E. R. Platt, Thomas Sherman, James Anson, Thomas Pott, S. Hoffman, E. W. Cecil, J. B. Giles, Samuel Barry, John Bouldin, David Bendann, William H. Cowan, Francis Carroll, S. G. Cox, John Corbett, R. B. Carmichael, John B. Fisher, Warner Hobb, William H. Jones, Jacob Klasson, William Nabb, I. C. W. Powell, George W. Porter H. G. Richard, John M. Tormey, Benjamin Worthington, Brigadier General Charles P. Stone.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 13, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have just received official information that the Secretary of War has invested Major General, John A. Dix with authority "to negotiate for a general exchange of all prisoners taken and held or paroled on both sides, the exchange to be on the principles of the cartel between the United States and Great Britain in the last war with that power. "

If your views on this subject remain as heretofore expressed it is presumed that there will be little difficulty in bringing the negotiation to a satisfactory conclusion.

