
ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, July 13, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

General Ord has sent some prisoners to me who are described as wishing to be exchanged. If it be the order of the commanding general that an exchange of only these prisoners should be made I will go to the trouble and exchange, but if not I desire orders to send them up for transportation to Alton.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 13, 1862.

Colonel JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Mississippi, Corinth, Miss.:

There are in the military prisons of Saint Louis and Alton several prisoners sent here from portions of the department not in my command, chiefly from Arkansas, Kentucky and Tennessee. They are not prisoners of war. I am in doubt whether I have the same authority to dispose of them as in case of prisoners taken in my own district, or whether they are simply to be held subject to orders from the commanding officer of the district from which they were sent or of the commanding general of the department. I respectfully request instructions on this subject.

I am colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. SCHOFIELD.]

Brigadier-General.

BENTON BARRACKS, near Saint Louis, Mo., July 13, 1862.

General W. S. KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.

MY DEAR GENERAL: With this large lot of paroled men (1,167) just come, without officers and with extraordinary opinions of duties proper for them, is a somewhat unpleasant task. I have inquired what duty is expected of them, as I wish to be certain that my efforts will be supported. As yet I have no reply. It appears strange that on one side of the barracks are men who are to be mustered out, being paroled, while on the other side are men also paroled to be retained for exchange. Am I not to have officers? I think you told me they are being looked men are to be here permanently. Colonel Marshall with his First Illinois Cavalry is here, and Lieutenant price told me he would be here last Friday to muster them out. I suppose their pay daily is about $400. I have just received an answer to my asking if recruits can be made from the First Illinois, "Replied that the discharge with the man will show whether he be proper subject for re-enlistment. " The above is about it. Our weather is again getting warmer and warmer.

Yours, truly,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE.

[First indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 14, 1862

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Price with a repeated notice that the First Illinois Cavalry are to be mustered out of service "with as little delay as practicable. "

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General. and Assistant Inspector-General.

