
[Second indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, July 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM,

Assistant Inspector-General, Department of the Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have mustered the field, staff and band; also Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, and I, of the First Illinois Cavalry, out of the service of the United States, all except Companies H and I to date from the 14th instant. The muster-out rolls will be transmitted in a few days. Company L, of this regiment, at its last report to the colonel, June 1861, was with General McClellan last heard from was at Paducah, Ky. Has never reported to the commander of the regiment. Company K, Captain Huntley, was at last is thought. My order reads to "muster out the First Illinois Cavalry," but I presume it is intended to include only the companies already discharged. Permit me to say that so far as my authority and power has extended I executed this as all other orders with the least practicable delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. PRICE,

Lieutenant, Fifth Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, July 13, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Springfield, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: My letter of the 11th instant very nearly covered all the points in your reports of the 5th and 8th instant. If they have not already been furnished please call on the quartermaster in Springfield, Captain W. H. Bailhache, in my name, for as many carts or wagons as may be necessary to have the camp in a good state of police. A couple of carts should belong to the camp and as many more as may be necessary for immediate use, say four, should be hired for a few days till the policing is completed. If a sufficient supply of water cannot be obtained by digging wells it will be necessary to have a water wagon furnished. Cannot the buildings used as hospitals be converted into barracks for some part of the guard and other buildings inside the fence be appropriated for hospitals? I wish you to see that all the orders which I have given in relation to the management of affairs at Camp Butler be put in immediate force. Hurry the completion of the rolls as much as possible and have a return for June with all necessary explanations made out immediately. I will be very glad if Major Fonda can remain in command, but I presume it will depend on the organization of the guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, July 13, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL; I inclose you three [four] articles of a very offensive nature, cut from the Evening Journal of Chicago. I think it my duty to sub-

