
mit them to you. I understand they are written by a local reporter named Field, who was and is indignant because he was excluded from camp. In this connection I would ask if prisoners are allowed to subscribe for and receive by mail loyal newspapers, and if so who pronounces on their loyalty?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

Letter from a rebel prisoner.

CAMP DOUGLAS, ILL., June 25, 1862.

EDITOR OR THE CHICAGO EVENING JOURNAL.

SIR: I notice in your paper of yesterday a description of the search made at Camp Douglas among the so-called rebel prisoners. Said search was brought about for the purpose of finding concealed arms. It is indeed strange that we could have arms. We were examined while on our way from Donelson by almost every soldier that passed us and when we arrived the same thing had to be rehearsed. I would like to know what Colonel Tucker and Chicago police call arms. The inspectors in their examination took every pocket-knife that was of any value. I guess cutlery can be had at the police office very cheap for cash. Every one should hurry forward and buy themselves rich. (Secesh knives). We can spare our knives, but how is it? While we are guarded away from our quarters the inspecting gentry enter, ransack our satchels, pillage our knapsacks. They bear off as trophies the ambrotypes of our dead mothers, sisters and friends. Tobacco, cigars and other little trinkets share the same fate. Great God, are we to suffer everything? We have suffered all the insults and indignities that an ignorant and ill-mannered city rabble could heap upon us. We are neither brutes nor heathens that such treatment should be meted out to us. The commanders seem to expect us to stay here. It is not our business to stay; it is their's to keep us. When we undertake to get out and are betrayed we have to carry planks upon our backs marked "escaped prisoners recaptured. " Where are there such rules in the military code directing that prisoners of war should be treated in this manner? And the others have to be put upon one-third rations. We never have got full rations and when two-thirds are subtracted almost nothing remains.

Chicago papers call us half-starved, forlorn-looking wretches. Bring some of your stylishly dressed nobility within the walls of Camp Douglas take the money that his friends may send him, discount by half, give him the remainder in white and blue pieces of pasteboard upon the sutlers, put him on one-third rations, and the names given to us would be a very appropriate one for him in a very short time. I send this to give you some idea of the manner in which prisoners of war are treated at Chicago. If you feel so disposed you can publish it; if not it is all right. Newspaper correspondents were stopped out of the camp so that they could do anything they pleased and keep it from the eyes of the world. Give them a hint of this and oblige a prisoner of war.

TENNESSEE REBEL.

13 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

