
[Inclosure No. 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 8. Camp Douglas, July 11, 1862.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 8, 1862.

By authority of the War Department martial law is hereby declared in and about Camp Douglas, Ill., extending for a space of 100 feet outside and around the chain of sentinels, which space the commanding officer will indicate by a line of stakes, and the area of the ground included within the said line is hereby declared to be under martial law. Any person violating military authority within said line will be subject to punishment by short confinement or trial by court-martial at the discretion of the commanding officer.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The area of ground around this camp included in the order and which is hereby declared to be under martial law has been distinctly marked by a line of stakes. Captain Hiram R. Enoch, Sixty-seventh Regiment Illinois Infantry, has been appointed provost marshal for the district included in this order.

By order of Joseph H. Tucker, colonel commanding:

A. H. VAN BUREN,

Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

ANOTHER "MILITARY NECESSITY. "

Have the people of Chicago and Illinois heard of the last coup d'etat? They would not readily guess it. Suppose we should say that martial law had been proclaimed at Camp Douglas, extending 100 feet beyond the line of sentinels outside the camp, including State street, several private residences, hotels, &amp;c? "Nonsense! Nonsense!" would be the reply on all sides. Perhaps it would; but nevertheless this thing has been done. In a morning paper we find the following: *

Doubtless those citizens who unfortunately reside within the prescribed limits were surprised this morning to find themselves for the first time in their lives living under martial law. Passengers upon State street opposite the camp will remember that they are within military jurisdiction; that any direct or implied violation of the military code will render them liable to arrest and trial by court-martial, in which a few three-months' officers may defy the power of city, county, State of Federal courts and laugh to scorn the writ of habeas corpus. We admonish them to be cautious and to guard well their liberties. This perhaps can be effectually done by vacating the premises. We asked Muggins this morning the object of this extraordinary movement. He grunted, " Military necessity; " leered mischievously with his game eye and went away.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

CAMP DOUGLAS.

The Post declares that the rebel prisoners in Camp Douglas are in a state of insubordination; that early Thursday morning an attack was made by them upon the commandant's headquarters with stones. That there has been a great change in the disposition of the rebel prisoners since Colonel Mulligan commanded Camp Douglas we have long been

---------------

*Preceding notice of martial law omitted.

---------------

