
confession and clear proof after a full hearing were convicted of being members of an organized gang of thieves consisting of seven or more, of which William M. Clary and Stanislaus Roy, mentioned in Special Orders, Numbers 98, and now under sentence of death, were principals, bound together by an oath or obligation, engaged by means of a forged authority and false uniform in robbing the houses of divers peaceable citizens of their moneys, watches, jewelry and valuable under pretense of searching for arms and articles contraband of war, must suffer the proper penalty. At least eight houses as appears by their confession were plundered by three or more of their gang while others we watching without at various times, and a large amount of property carried off. A large portion has been since recovered. The heinousness of their offense is heightened by the contempt and discharge brought upon the uniform, authority and flag of the United States by their fraudulent acts in making it cover their nefarious practices, and renders them peculiarly the subject of prompt and condign punishment.

It is therefore ordered that George William Craig and Frank Newton for these offenses as aforesaid be hanged by the neck until they and each of them are dead, and that this sentence be executed upon them at or near the parish prison in the city of New Orleans on Monday, the 16th day of June instant, between the hours of 6 a. m. and 12 m., under the direction of the provost-marshal, and for so doing this shall be his sufficient warrant.

Theodore Lieb being a youth of eighteen years, only in consideration of his tender years has his punishment commuted to confinement at hard labor on the fortifications at Ship Island or the nearest military post during the pleasure of the President of the United States.

By command of Major-General Bulter:

R. S. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 134. Washington, June 14, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Captain Henry W. Freedley, Third Infantry, will report for such duty as he can perform to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, at New York.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War.

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: May I beg that you will read the inclosed editorial from the Louisville Journal before action is taken in Bucker's case. Every word of this article is felt to be true by the loyal men of Kentucky, and I earnestly trust and pray that they may be spared the curse and humiliation of having this monster of treachery and crime turned loose to desolate and destroy them. When captured he was under indictment for treason in Kentucky, and it is felt there that the Government should no snatch him from the halter which the criminal court has in store for him.

Very sincerely, yours.

J. HOLT.

