
time been allowed to retain in their possession $5, the balance has been placed in the hands of the quartermaster-general of the State. There is a little sutler's stores to each prison and through a small hole he sells all articles usually sold by sutlers, except whisky, being paid in cash by the prisoners or receiving an order for the amount (should the prisoner have the money) on the quartermaster-general. up to the present time no attempt has been made to regulate the prices of the sutler or to impose upon him a tax for sales to the prisoners more than the payment of a small post-office charge which has amounted to a dollar a day, and he seems to do exactly as he pleases.

Each of the prisons is placed under the sole control of a stout, coarse non-commissioned volunteer, a"three-months' man," who alone superintends all of the roll-calls, issues all the provisions has the entire charge of each prison under the commanding officer and does exactly as he pleases.

The prisoners are generally very quiet and well-behaved and express themselves as gladly willing to do anything to better their condition. Axes have generally been sued; some few attempts to secret them have been made, but upon depriving that prison of the use of axes until the missing one was restored they have been recovered. A few days since several burrows were discovered under the outer quarters next the fence in prison Numbers 3. These were horizontal holes about two feet in diameter which had been run almost to the fence.

I will now endeavor to state to you the means I have adopted to remedy some of these prominent evils.

I have (by the consent of the Governor) through the commanding officer directed the quartermaster to dig vaults in each prison at least ten feet deep, to line them with planks to keep out surface water and so to slope the ground above that o water can run into the vaults; over these vaults to build substantial privies with air chimneys and bench seats with a strong, firm boards placed horizontally and one edge inclined at such an angle as will prevent an improper use of the seats. Each seat is to be provided with a hinge cover which when up strikes against this board and which when the prisoner leaves falls down whether closed or not, thus confining all stench and arranging to shut out water to decompose the filth. Each privy is to accommodate fifteen at one time and is to have a urinating trough which carries all deposit outside the prison walls into the general drain and not into the vault.

There will thus be constructed at prison Numbers 3 accommodations for thirty men at once and at the other prisons for fifteen each. The present vaults or rather holes from which the filth passes into the main drain, and is extended through the camp are to be covered with earth packed firmly and if necessary it will be planked up to perfectly confine all stench. By this means and the free use of lime at all times in the privies the filth and stench will be confined to a single point and greatly diminished. When these vaults fill they are to be closed up and the privy removed to another prepared in the same manner. The quartermaster is ordered to furnish immediately lime and whitewash brushes in sufficient abundance for rapidly whitewashing all the quarters in all the prisons. Fifty brooms will be immediately supplied to prison Numbers 3. and twenty-five to the other prisons; twelve to one and thirteen to the other. If necessary they will be purchased. The prisoners will be supplied by purchase elsewhere if they cannot be procured at the commissary department with tubs of the capacity of twenty gallons each. One of these will be given to every twenty men. This will involve the purchase of perhaps twenty tubs. The quarter-

