
master will cause to be immediately raised so that the floors will be one foot from the ground all of the buildings in prison Numbers 3. He will place under them blocks and string pieces to firmly secure them on a foundation of such height. In prisons Nos. 1 and 2 he will have all the side covering of all the buildings removed below floors by sawing it off, and all earth and rubbish removed from about them so as will allow the free circulation of air under the floors. In order that this measure may be effected in the middle building of prison Numbers 2 and that the roof and walls may be properly repaired it will be necessary that this building be taken down in sections of one-third at a time and re-constructed on a proper foundation. He will have constructed in front of all the prison quarters in all of the prisons raised platforms over the drains similar to those now placed there but more elevated and more extended. They will be placed as entrances to the quarters. He will cause all rubbish and piles of earth, embankments, &amp;c., around the prison grounds in the vicinity of any of the buildings or between them to be at once removed, the rubbish and offal to be carried without the camp limits, and the earth to be used in the construction of roads and drains.

In all prison grounds in those portions now used for a roadway there will be constructed a wagon road with a high curved surface and suitable side drains. In all portions now used as walks, walks will in the same manner be constructed with side drains. Drains will be made about each and all of the buildings, to be shallow as well as those of the roads and walks, but the whole so arranged as to be higher than the main drain of the prison leading from the wells, and which will receive all refuse water and carry it outside of the walls at suitable points. All of the ground of each prison will be graded and drained in the most complete manner so that after rains there will be no standing water at any part of the grounds. The digging of vaults, white washing, draining, grading and constructing roads and walks in each camp will be done by prisoners detailed for the purpose and under proper guards, all other labor about the prisons designed to in any manner benefit the prisoners will be performed by prisoners so far as it is practicable. The quartermaster will cause to be erected on that side of prisons Nos. 1 and 2 which is now destitute of them galleries for sentries similar to those on other of the same prison. At the entrance to this prison he will cause a proper arrangement to be made of drains and such grading done as will conduct away from the vicinity all standing water or that which now runs toward the prison grounds. If necessary he o this end a drain leading to the main sewer. In the outer guard-house of this prison he will have constructed eight strong small cells for confining disobedient or violent prisoners. He will procure by purchase if necessary six pairs of handcuffs for a similar purpose. He will have the main sewer leading through Camp Chase properly cleaned out and planked over, commencing at prison Numbers 3. He will have all the prison wells in each prison opened and cleaned out by the prisoners without delay, and in case any of them are not fifteen feet in depth they will be deepened to that extent. He will have all of the stoves at present in prison Numbers 3 removed to the outside of the prison, and all shelters of whatever character which are not a part of the regular quarters will be removed at once from prison Numbers 3. In the other prisons these may for the present remain where they are erected - over the stoves on the outside of the quarters. He will purchase fourteen saws, eight of which will be for the use of prison Numbers 3 and three in each of the other prisons, and the prisoners will not be

