
officer. Forms of the descriptive report book and morning report books are inclosed to the commissary-general. If necessary these books will be purchased by the quartermaster. Prisoners will not generally at their request be furnished with the charges against them, but whenever the commanding officer is satisfied from an examination of the prisoner that he ought in justice to know the charge against himself because of his desire to return to his allegiance, or of innocence or ignorance of crime or offense, or of his having been forced into service of the rebels, or for other reasons which in his opinion are sufficient, he will allow the prisoner to be informed if not prejudicial to discipline so to do. For the purpose of enabling Major Darr, provost-marshal-general of the Mountain Department, to keep a record of all political prisoners arrested and sent to Camp Chase from his department and to return their full history the commanding officer of Camp Chase will at the request of Major Darr furnish him with a list of all those prisoners who sent from that department have died, been released or transferred, or who have escaped from Camp Chase or who may yet be included under these heads. In all cases where applications for release or parole from the prisoners are forwarded to the commissary general for his action the commanding officer shall after a personal examination of the prisoner under oath indorse upon the said application his opinion and recommendation. He will cause to be forwarded with the application the statement of the prisoner supported by all the testimony which the prisoner may be able to collect that such statement is truthful, and he will permit the prisoner to consult by correspondence those parties from whom he may desire to obtain corroborative testimony.

In the issue of clothing to prisoners, drawers and socks will not be issued from the last of April to the first of October.

The confinement of officers and soldiers in the same quarters will be avoided. The former will be allowed a separate building and as far as possible enlarged accommodations. No Union prisoners will under any circumstances be confined with the rebel prisoners whatever the their offense, as it is always a matter of injunctive to either one or the other class of prisoners, and those at present confined in prisons will be immediately confined at the guard-house instead.

In the accounts of all and each of the "funds" which may accumulate at the camp they will be kept separately. The prison hospital fund, the guard hospital fund, the prisoners' fund of the prisons and the fund of the guard or troops each will stand by itself and a monthly report to the commissary-general be made of each.

No charges will be made in enlarging, increasing or extending the accommodations of the prisoners or alteration in them of a material character of any kind not contemplated by the regulations from the Commissary-General of Prisoners of in these instructions without first having the approval of the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

All material changes in the building of the camp or the construction of others must be done by estimates approved by him. All matters of doubt in questions contemplating important charges must be referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners for his decision. The sutler will be taxed 10 cents per man per month for the privilege of selling to the prisoners and this tax will go to the prison fund. These comprise most of the special instructions given to the commanding officer. I shall, however, aid him in dividing the prisoners' messes so as to suit the capacity of the "boilers," six of which are already purchased and set up; instruct him how the rations are to be cooked, post him in the matters of the "funds" and the office books and all other matters which

