
inclose a copy of the order which I had by the commanding officer's directions at my request posted up in the prisons and which I wrote for that purpose.

Also for your examination a copy of a contract under which the commissary stores are supplied.

I will add that at present there is not nor has there been any commissary whatever at the camp to represent the Government. I have order one to be appointed. I inclose a copy of the bill of Messrs. Aiken &amp; Emory; you will see the cost of the stoves from it. For the "Farmer's boilers" I shall arrange their account to be presented to you. I inclose (separate package) for your consideration some of the charges forwarded by Major Darr of prisoners arrested in his department. I cannot believe the safety of the country endangered by such individuals and inclose them for your consideration.

In conclusion I have to state that I have rigidly attended to the enforcement of your views so far as I understand them, and trust that my conduct will meet with your approval. I have had constantly to contend with ignorance of the grossest character, with listlessness, lack of energy and a want of appreciation of the importance of the requirements made by you and myself, and I indulge the hope that the discretionary exercise by the of authority will be found to have been the proper course pursued, even if in some cases I have erred. *

With the highest respect, I am, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, July 14, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Some place convenient to Fortress Monroe, as City Point or such other as you may designate, can be fixed for the exchange of prisoners in the East; Vicksburg or some adjacent point for exchange in the West.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

An open letter of which the following is a copy has just been received from General Lee:
HEADQUARTERS, &C., July 6, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War of the Confederate States has been informed that you were empowered by the United States Government to arrange for a general exchange of prisoners between the two Governments and I am authorized to appoint a commissioner to meet you for that purpose. I have therefore appointed Brigadier General Howell Cobb, with full authority to agree on the part of the Confederate States to a general exchange of prisoners of war. I shall be pleased if you will designate an early day and place to meet General Cobb for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

Commanding General, C. S. Army.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

* None of the inclosure mentioned found.

---------------

