
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 92. July 14, 1862.

For the information of all in this command the following explanations are given in reference to the rights and duties of citizens of the States in which we may be stationed:

1. All citizens of the States claiming the rights and holding themselves bound to the duties of citizens of the United States are entitled to the same protection of person and property which we claim for ourselves.

2. We hold citizens to the performance of active duties only when they receive protection. If left without protection they are only bound to good will and abstinence from acts of hostility to the Government.

3. Persons denying that they are citizens of the United States, repudiating that duties of citizens by words or actions, are entitled to no rights save those which the laws of war and humanity accord to their characters. If they claim to belong to a hostile Government they have the rights of belligerent and can neither justly claim nor have anything more from this army. If they are found making war without lawful organization or commission they are enemies of mankind and have the rights due to pirates and robber, which it will be a duty to accord them. It is not our purpose to admit the slaves of loyal masters within our lines or use them without compensation, or prevent their recovery when consistent with the interests of the service. The slaves of our enemies may come or go wherever they please, provided they do not interfere with the rules and orders of camp discipline. They deserve more at our hands than their masters.

By order of General Rosecrans:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

MOSCOW, July 14, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Yesterday one of our forage trains, guarded by fifty cavalry, was fired on by a party that immediately fled, having killed 1 man and wounded 3 of ours. The attacking party was composed of horsemen, but their dress was not clearly seen in the ambush. I believe they were citizens hastily called together to fire on the train as it was returning loaded, and have sent a strong party to bring in twenty-five of the most prominent of the vicinity, each with a horse, saddle and bridle, whom I wish to send to La Grange and thence under guard to Columbus by to-morrow's train. I am satisfied we have no other remedy for this ambush firing than to hold the neighborhood fully responsible, though the punishment may fall on the wrong parties. The scene of the occurrence was seven miles out, south of Wolf River, and two miles and a half from where I have a regiment on picket.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, July 14, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Colonel McDowell reports from Macon, near Morning Sun, l that he will collect the wagons and mules and return to-morrow. I ordered him to look in at Lafayette, not much off his road, to see the regiment stationed there. The cavalry is now out and gathering in the citizens. I am se well satisfied of their complicity that I will hold them prisoners here until they produce the parties who fired on our men, with the

