
necessary testimony. I had answered Stanton finally, but I have such respect for your superior judgment that I will telegraph Mr. Ewing, who approved my first, and to whose revision and judgment I submit my last. I wish the letter to be withheld from publication. Hurlbut telegraphs an expedition started by my order to Davis' Mills, also a flag of truce from Jackson's cavalry, but has not yet made known the result of either. I have not yet heard of artillery or infantry anywhere in our neighborhood. Travelers from Memphis come through unmolested and yesterday a loaded sutler's wagon came through safe.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,July 14, 1862.

General Asa Rogers, of Loudoun County, Va., having been arrested and released from imprisonment in exchange for Turner, a citizen of Fairfax County held in confinement at Richmond, he will not be disturbed in his person or property for any past transactions.

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, July 14, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Missouri, Saint Louis.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of a correspondence with Colonel Tracy, who represents himself as commanding troops in the vicinity of Fayetteville. I suppose it is what is known as Rains' command and probably Rains is too drunk to be fit for duty, and the gentleman wanted to figure in a correspondence a la Bombastes Furioso.

Hoping the reply will meet your approval, I am, very truly, your very obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Camp near Fayetteville, July 10, 1862.

[Brigadier General E. B. BROWN.]

GENERAL: This letter will be handed you by Major Thomas H. Murray, bearer of flag of truce. It has been represented to me that citizens of Southwest Missouri of Southern opinion are being constantly shot and murdered by soldiers of the United States and by the militia of the Provisional Government of the State of Missouri; that these men are thus inhumanly dealt with because of opinions' sake. I desire to know of you, general, if such acts are committed at the suggestion or within the knowledge of the U. S. officers or State officers over whom they have control. I have been sent here by my Government together with others for active service in Missouri. Before I enter the State I desire to have some positive understanding as to the manner of carrying on the war. If it is the policy of the United States or the Gamble government of Missouri to murder our friends, burn and destroy our homes and turn our women on the charity of the people for subsistence, I desire to know it, and I shall come, however much my feelings may revolt at the idea, with the back flag, asking no

