
quarter and giving none to those who claim protection under the Stars and Stripes, and I will either mark my path with the blood of my followers or of those who have instituted such an inhuman warfare.

Since the inception of this war I have been an officer in the Army of the South. During that time I have had under my charge many prisoners of the U. S. Army, and I assure you, general, it has been a source of great pleasure to me to know that while with me not one ever received even a minor insult. It has been my constant aim as far as I had any authority to carry on this war according to the recognized laws of war throughout the world. I have and do denounce assassins, murderers, robbers and land privates of the South as well as of the North. Let the armies of the South and North fight this war to its end, and those who remain at home who have not been engaged in jayhawking lives and property go unmolested. These have been and are yet my ideas for carrying out a Christian and humane warfare, and it would grieve me much, general, to lay them aside for a service heretofore unknown in the history of this country. Let me hear from you, general, by the return of this flag.

Trusting that peace may soon restore us to our homes,* I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

J. C. TRACY,

Colonel Commanding, C. S. Army.

OFFICER COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 14, 1862.

General J. T. BOYLE, Commanding U. S. Forces, Louisville, Ky.

GENERAL: Your letter in relation to R. P. Sharp, Jos. D. Smith and W. S. Alexander, prisoners of was at Camp Chase, addressed to Colonel C. W. B. Allison, commanding, has been referred to me. These prisoners cannot be removed from Camp Chase without the authority of the Secretary of War, and if there is anything that can be offered in their behalf I will be glad to forward it. I have the honor herewith to inclose+ from the War Department in relation to prisoners of war which you may not have seen, and I will send to your adjutant-general by express blank returns and rolls which I respectfully request you will cause to be given to commanders in charge of prisoners of war under your authority with orders that rolls and returns for June may be prepared and forwarded to this office with as little delay as practicable. I inclose also copies of regulations ++ which I have issued for the guidance of commanders in charge of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 14, 1862.

General STRONG, Commanding U. S. Forces, Cairo, Ill.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith General Orders, Nos. 32 and 67, from the War Department, and a circular of regulations

---------------

* For General Brown's answer to this letter see Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 471; also see p. 222, this Vol. for Brown to Schofield, July 15.

+ See General Orders, Numbers 67, p. 30.

++ See p. 152.

---------------

