
SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 14, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have completed the inspection of Camp Butler and that the instructions you have given are now enforced. I would respectfully request you will furnish me with further instructions. The prisoners of war are now separated in different companies and squads and are governed and inspected as you have desired. The orderlies have been chosen from their own members and roll-calls are to take place at reveille and retreat. I have instructed the commanding officer in the manner of making out the morning reports and the proper form of the monthly return. It is advisable that an officer should have the charge of the prisoners to the exclusion of his other duties. Such is the intention of the commanding officer, should he find an officer in the command who is capable of filling with credit such a responsible position. The difficulty has been that the guard has been recently changed and the new officers are not as yet sufficiently well acquainted with their duties to fill such important positions. The regiment (Seventieth Illinois) now forming the guard of the prisoners is a regiment of three-months' men just forming, and the commanding officer of the camp not belonging to the regiment has not sufficient acquaintance with his officers to make details for such important service. The commanding officer has exerted every endeavor to carry out the instructions given him, and as he is now fully informed regarding his duties and the manner in which you desire the camp should be regulated or governed you may rest assured that your instructions will be enforced.

I have had an interview with Governor Yates and he has in every way signified his willingness to co operate with you in carrying out the intentions of the Government regarding the prisoners and in aiding the commanding officer of the camp by every means in his power to promote their security and to enforce your instructions. I have reported to him that I considered the presence of temporary troops prejudicial to the good order of the camp and to the security of the prisoners, and he has assured me that orders would be immediately issued to remove the temporary regiments now forming at Camp Butler. The adjutant-general of the State has informed me that the Seventieth Regiment would be filled up and form the permanent guard of the prisoners and that no more temporary troops should be sent there for instruction.

Camp Butler has been heretofore a camp of instruction as well as a general depot for recruits. Major J. G. Fonda, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, has been assigned to the command of the camp. I have understood he has been assigned to this command by the Secretary of War but my information is not official. Should the Seventieth Regiment be filled up and the field officers appointed, there will again be some confliction of authority. At present Major Fonda is the superior in rank at the camp. The battery of Second Regiment Illinois Artillery, now forming part of the guard, is under orders to move.

Your instructions regarding visitors I have caused to be rigidly enforced. I found upon my arrival that the friends of prisoners were allowed to have communication with them almost unmolested. This I deemed to be a fruitful cause of their escape. The near vicinity of Kentucky and Tennessee, a large proportion of the prisoners being citizens of the latter State, has facilitated the visits of many of their friends whom I have no doubt in many instances encouraged their escape and perhaps contributed material aid for the express purpose.

