
No visitors are now permitted with the exceptions mentioned in your instructions, and persons having business or employment within the inclosures are sworn not to aid or abet their escape.

I have endeavored to impress upon the commanding officer as well as upon the prisoners themselves the vast importance of cleanliness of camp and quarters. Renewed attention has been given to this matter. I found the camp in as good police as could be expected, but after the instructions you have given are fully enforced by the aid of the prisoners' fund many improvements which have been suggested will be made and contribute materially to the comfort, health and appearance of the camp. Dr. J. Cooper McKee, U. S. Army, medical superintendent of prisoners, has caused renewed attention to be given to personal cleanliness, and the prisoners under charge of an officer and suitable guard have been permitted and compelled to bathe occasionally in the Sangamon River, about half a mile distant. This has been the custom in camp for same time. I would respectfully request some instructions regarding it-whether or not you consider it advisable, what number should be permitted to bathe at one time, what relative guard is sufficient, &amp;c. The limited supply of clothing in possession of the prisoners is somewhat opposed to personal cleanliness, but when the new supply is furnished new regulations are to be enforced which will add greatly to their comfort and proportionately decrease the sick list.

With regard to the clothing to be supplied it would be advantageous if outer clothing of a coarse texture and gray color could be furnished. It would be much better if clothing different from that of the U. S. troops could be supplied, not only so the prisoners could be readily distinguished from the guard, but as a preventive measure against their escape, and should their escape be effected they might be more readily distinguished and apprehended.

With regard to the fence I had recommended to be constructed I have received your dispatch and its construction is suspended. The material for the fence were already at Camp Butler and the labor was performed by the prisoners themselves. It would have been constructed without cost to the United States. I cannot consider the construction of this fence other than an advantageous measure and recommend it to your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third U. S. Infantry.

Statement of Joseph S. Lamb, prisoner.

CAMP CHASE, July 14, 1862.

I reside in Knox County, Tenn., ten miles from the city of Knoxville. I am the person to whom the letters of May 12 and July 10, 1862, from Horace Maynard, which are now in my possession, are addressed. I am a Union man and will continue to be as long as I dare speak and have been so all the time. I voted against secession and talked against it a long as I dared. I had a Union flag at home and have yet unless they have gotten in and robbed me of it. About the 1st of June, 1861, I had my likeness taken with the Stars and Stripes across my breast. I was well known at home as a Union man both by Union men and secessionists and can give plenty of references of Union men as to this fact.

