
After the time of taking my likeness and the election General Zollicoffer, of the rebel army, came to Knoxville and took command and proclaimed that all those of the South should unite with the Confederacy and warning them that they had better never have been born than strike a blow against the South. Afterward, about the 9th of August, I together with Calvin Garrett, William Martin and Joel B. Crawford, now confined in prison with me at Camp Chase, with many others left our homes in Knox and Union Counties and started for Kentucky to unite with the Federal Army, then lying at or near Camp Dick Robinson. After traveling all night and the forenoon of the next day, having arrived at the foot of the Cumberland Mountains and about thirty miles on our journey, our advance was attacked by a squad of secession cavalry under command of Captain Ashby. We were unarmed. Captain Thornburg, of our party, was wounded in the neck and be and nine others taken prisoners. We were informed by the mountain pilots that it would be impossible to cross the Confederate lines, they being too closely guarded, upon which we all returned to our homes, narrowly escaping being taken prisoners upon our return.

In about ten or fifteen days afterward there came into my home upon me some seven armed men and arrested me and informed me that the charge was treason. At this time I had a sign on the front of my house on which I had painted "The Union. " They ordered me to destroy it; to split it up. I told them I could not do that; that it showed my sentiments and I could not split it up. They swore I should do so and drew their pistols, when one of them said, "that was too hard," and took an ax and split it up and burned it. I was then cussed for a traitor and tory and abused for, as they accused me, supporting such men as Maynard, Brownlow and other Union men; and another charge they had against me at Graveston, Tenn., was that I in presence of some of their volunteers called for three cheers for the U. S. Army and for General Winfield Scott, whom I served under in Mexico, and further that I had called for three groans for secession. I had called for those cheers and those groans as charged. They cursed my wife the same night they arrested me for saying she did not think the Union men were traitors and tories for maintaining their sentiments; that such a charge should rather go upon the other side.

They compelled me them to go along with them to Knoxville. There I was informed that the only way to save myself was to join the Southern Army and support the South against invasion. Being advised by my friends I did so, in hopes that the Federal Army would soon come and rescue us, and with the full determination never to fire a gun against the flag that had protected us. I had a choice as to what company I should join and I joined a company of sappers and miners, as I understood that that was a company for labor and not to fight. When I united with the company of sappers and miners I got of my wife a white handkerchief, which I have yet in my possession, remarking to her and intending that if we got in a battle with the Federal soldiers that I would wave that handkerchief as a token. That I knew that would save my life and they would not harm me, for I knew what Federal soldiers were.

I was at Big Creek Gap waiting on and cooking for some sick soldiers about the 21st day of February last, when a squad of Captain Cross' company, of Second Tennessee (Union) Regiment, came in sight some 200 yards off. I could easily have escaped after I discovered them had I had any disposition to do so. Calvin Garrett was then with me and he could have easily escaped also. Instead of making my escape I was out of doors and immediately started, meeting them walking slowly.

