
Garrett did not start toward them with me but did not attempt to escape. I and Crawford, Martin and Garrett and previously entered into a secret agreement that if ever we came near enough to the Federal lines that we knew we could make our escape we would do so and unite with the Federal Army. We were all of us taken prisoners the same day by Captain Cross' company of infantry. Martin and Crawford had been taken before us and Martin piloted Captain Cross' company to us. We were taken prisoners and have remained prisoners ever since. I understood from members of Captain Cross' company who took me that Martin said when took him that if they would give him a gun he would go and shoot Lieutenant McCauley who was in command of the rebel company. They said Martin also told them that if they would come down a mile further they would get a couple of other boys who would be anxious to go with them, alluding to me and Garrett. About the time they were going to leave after arresting myself and Garrett the thought struck me of some powder, two kegs of rifle and one of blasting powder, being laid away there, and I told them of it, saying that to take it away would defeat the pursuit of the rebel forces; and I think it proved to be so, as I understood that they gathered in force to pursue us.

I am willing and anxious to take the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government and to enlist and fight in the Federal Army till the last gun in fired if I should live or the rebellion is put down, and to support the government of Governor Andrew Johnson. I am a warm friend of William G. Brownlow and Horace Maynard and of Governor Andrew Johnson. I am firmly of the opinion that Calvin Garrett, William Martin and Joel B. Crawford have at all times at heart been Union men, are now, and if released will be good citizens of the United States and I believe they would unite with the Federal Army.

JOSEPH S. LAMB,

Taken, subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day of July, A. D. 1862.

C. W. B. ALLISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post, Camp Chase, Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 15, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Some correspondence between Major-General McClellan and General Lee in relation to the exchange of prisoners was inadvertently omitted to be forwarded to you by the special messenger last night. It will, however, be sent by mail to-night.

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 15, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit to you the within correspondence* between Major-General McClellan and General Lee in relation to the exchange of prisoners, which was inadvertently omitted to be forwarded to you last night by the special messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

* Omitted here; see pp. 169, 170.

---------------

