
It proves among other things most conclusively that they will defend Richmond to the last extremity. The interview was arranged for the purpose of bringing about an exchange of prisoner, but in the course of the conversation other matters were introduced and discussed.

* * * * * * *

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1862.

Major General J. A. DIX, Commanding Fort Monroe, &amp;c.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that Lieutenant Marcus A. Throneburg, Twenty-eight North Carolina Volunteers, a prisoner of war sent here from Fort Columbus by Colonel Loomis for release by error instead of to City Point as directed by me, be detained at Fortress Monroe until events before Richmand are further determined. Lieutenant Throneburg is to be exchanged for Lieutenant Perkins, aide-de-camp to General Butterfield, who was taken prisoner at Hanover, and on the application of the general commanding to General Lee released. The error in sending Lieutenant Throneburg here instead of to City Point has resulted in his acquiring information regarding the position of troops, &c., here which renders it unsafe to have him returned to the enemy at present. Lieutenant Throneburg is sent to Fortress Monroe with the bearer of this communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Throneburg sent to Rip Raps June 16.

S. W.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, June 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding U. S. Forces, Corinth, Miss.

GENERAL: Under instructions from my Government recently addressed to General Beauregard it has devolved upon me to inform you that it is understood Asst. Surgs. T. S. Foster* and Newton Vowles, of the Missouri State Guard, were captured (possibly some time since), brought to trial as bridge burners and one at least of them condemned to death under your authority. The authorities of the Confederate States have caused private individuals to be executed for burning bridges, but they deny the right to punish an officer acting under orders and I am directed to say will retaliate on the prisoners in our hands for any execution in violation of the rules of civilized warfare. Further, our authorities will consider themselves at liberty to examine into the regularity of the proceedings under which any citizen of Missouri shall be executed and to retaliate if it should prove a fair trial was not granted.

I must avail myself of the occasion to bring to your notice an act recently committed by an officer of your command without precedent to my knowledge in regular warfare. On the morning of the 30 th ultimo a cavalry detachment from your army under command, as I learn, of Colonel Elliot, of the Second Iowa Cavalry, made a descent on Booneville, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and a depot for our

---------------

* See Vol. I, this Series, p. 389 et seq., for trial of Thomas S. Foster.

---------------

