
WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Department of the Mississippi, Corinth, Miss.

SIR: It is reported that arrangements will soon be made for an exchange of prisoners of war. The point in the West at which the prisoners will be assembled will be near Vicksburg. The Secretary of War directs that the arms and ammunition be sent with the prisoners to be put in the hands of those returned to us from the rebels that they may at once be put on duty.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Delaware.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you send Colonels Baldwin and Hanson and Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson under a suitable escort back to Fort Warren, they paying their own expenses for transportation.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 15, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding C. S. Forces.

GENERAL: Your communication of the 14th instant advising me of the appointment of Major General D. H. Hill, on your part, to arrange with Major-General Dix the terms of a general exchange of prisoners, reached me at 8 o'clock this morning.

General Dix being at Old Point Comfort, it will be impracticable for him to meet General Hill to-morrow; but I will at once order him to repair to this place and he can meet the appointment at 10 o'clock a. m. on Thursday, the 17th instant.

Shirley being some distance within the lines of my pickets, and as in my letter on the subject I especially requested that the meeting might take place outside of our lines, I would respectfully suggest that the conference be held at Haxall's Landing, understood to be in the immediate vicinity of the outlying pickets of both armies.

It might take place either on shore or on the steamer which takes up General Dix.

Unless therefore I hear from you to the contrary I will direct General Dix to be at Haxall's on Thursday, the 17th instant, at the hour I have named.

In the sincere hope that this meeting may result in the accomplishment of the very desirable object we both have so much at heart,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Major General D. H. HILL.

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he agrees to the meeting as proposed in the above letter, therefore you will not have to go down to-morrow. He would like to see you to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

