
Regiment, has not returned to his command, and I respectfully ask to be informed whether or not he has been released from custody, and if not that it be done at once.

I deem this a proper opportunity of suggesting to you the entire uselessness of detaining the prisoners whom you and I hold respectively. I would gladly consider any proposition you may have to make for their release. Should you think of no better one I propose that I release all the prisoners of war that I hold; that you do the same; that should there be any excess on either side the opposite party shall in future release a sufficient number to offset such excess. In order to prevent confusion it will be necessary for us to furnish each other with the number and rank of prisoners released at any time. I have here in custody Captain Joseph Indest, of Company A, Third Missouri Regiment, U. S. Army, whom I wish to exchange for Captain Joseph. Should you agree to the exchange, please allow Captain Fry to report to me at once under such restrictions as you may desire until the exchange is consummated, and I will return Captain Indest to you at once.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., July 15, 1862.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Missouri, Saint Louis.

GENERAL: I learn that four prisoners, soldiers of one of the Kansas regiments, were murdered in Coffee's camp at Fayetteville on the night or evening of the 9th instant. Major Murray (the bearer of the flag of truce whose dispatch I sent you yesterday) gives the following version of the affair:

The four men killed were Kansas soldiers. On Wednesday night a firing was heard in the upper end of Coffee's camp which created inquiry and it was learned that 4 men had been shot - 3 killed dead and 1 wounded badly who made his escape through a fence and went into a house where a woman gave him some help. She was warned not to do so. It was stated in Fayetteville that the shooting was done by Coffee's order. There was some indignation at the deed in Coffee's camp which was likely to become general. It was then reported that the shooting was ordered by Coffee's provost-marshal. This did not, however, prevent one which company of Coffee's regiment from leaving and joining Tracy's (whose camp was eight miles distant) regiment of Confederate troops. Rains heard of the act next morning and cursed bitterly. He sent up a wagon to get the wounded man and three dead ones. Before the wagon came the wounded man was dead. Rains buried the dead. In Tracy's camp the act was loudly condemned.

This affair may have prompted the dispatch he sent to me charging us with shooting men, women and children.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

[JULY 15, 1862. - For letter of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army, to Major General Butler, U. S. Army, relating to the case of Henry Castle, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 519.]

