
WILMINGTON, DEL., July 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Prisoners escaped last night from Fort Delaware and were assisted by men in New Castle. Traitors from New Castle visited the fort a few days since. All my escape if more troops are not sent; it is said 3,500 prisoners and only two [companies] of soldiers. Traitors can carry boats over in five minutes from Delaware City.

A. H. GRIMSHAW.

BERKELEY, VA., July 16, 1862.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

* * * * *

Generals Dix and Hill are to meet on Thursday at Haxall's to arrange general exchange of prisoners. I hope to see Burnside to-day and arrange with him. Will telegraph you fully when I have conferred with him.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 16, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you herewith a list of prisoners taken by the troops under my command from the 26th ultimo to the 2nd instant inclusive. I would respectfully request that you will furnish me as soon as convenient with a corresponding list of the prisoners taken from my command now in your hands.

Its publication would tend to relieve much anxiety on the part of the relatives and friends of the parties.

[GEO. B. McCLELLAN,]

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, July 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

General Stevens doubts whether General Hunter will have transportation enough for General Wright's division unless the Mississippi returns to Port Royal. It will take her a week. The Vanderbilt should go to New York to refit. It will also take her a week. Neither can go up the James River, as they draw too much water. I am summoned to General McClellan's headquarters to-morrow morning. He has arranged for me to meet General D. H. Hill, of the Confederate Army, on Thursday on the subject of exchanges. I have received the papers by Major Breck and shall wait for the residue to-morrow morning. I suppose the privateersmen are not to be distinguished from other prisoners we have to be exchanged on the principle of the cartel of 1812.

JOHN A. DIX,Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 16, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Do with the transports whatever you think best. The privateersmen are to be exchanged as other prisoners of war, no distinction being made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

