
Army about the 1st of October last and became a member of the Nelson Artillery. She has followed the fortunes of her husband since and they were taken prisoners at Island Numbers 10. Does not know that she has any relatives in this country. Is in delicate health.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ROCKFORD, July 14, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas.

DEAR SIR; The undesigned citizens of Rockford would respectfully represent that John Hayes, now a prisoner at Camp Douglas, was somewhat more than two years ago a worthy citizen of Rockford, Ill., where he had resided ten years and who was known and respected as an industrious man with a wife and large family of children. About that time he went to Tennessee with others in quest of work, and while employed in constructing the stone-work of a railroad in the vicinity of Memphis was coerced as he declares into the Confederate service on penalty of death. Mr. Hayes during his absence previous to the period of his constraint was mindful of the necessities of his family, and everything so far as we are able to learn justifies the conclusion that he is a loyal man, a good husband and a worthy citizen of the North. Many of us are well acquainted with him and his family, know him to be a good citizen and do not hesitate to unite in an urgent request that he be released and sent home to his family in Rockford, who require his efforts in their support in the absence of his oldest son who has been absent more than a year doing service as a soldier in the Union Army. If such action is consistent with your duties, by granting this request you will confer a favor on the undersigned and relieve the distress of a worthy family.

Yours, very truly,

M. J. 5731,

Sheriff.

BELA SHAW.

[And fifteen orders.]

[First indorsement.]

ROCKFORD, July 14, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TUCKER, Camp Douglas.

DEAR SIR: I have no personal knowledge of the matters set forth in the foregoing papers, but on inquity am fully satisfied that Mr. Hayes would not voluntarily of his free choice join the enemies of the country and that he ought to be discharged from imprisonment. If you can aid in procuring his discharge it will be an act of humanity and aid his suffering family.

Very truly, your friend,

CHARLES WILLIAMS,

Mayor of Rockford.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, July 16, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel W. Hoffman, Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, with the additional remark that from personal examination of the prisoner I am disposed to credit the statements herein made. He also seems an orderly, quiet, well-disposed man.

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

