
sick, and burned a train of cars and the railroad depot, in so doing burning to death not less than one sick soldier in a car and three in the railroad depot, as well as consuming the bodies of some of our dead.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 15, 1862.

Colonel D. D. TOMPKINS:

Pierre Soule and Adolphe Mazureau, arrested in New York Orleans for political offenses, are expected to arrive in New York by the steamer McClellan. The Secretary of War orders that they be confined in Fort Lafayette and allowed to hold no communication with any person until further orders. Report their arrival and the execution of this order.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Philadelphia, Pa., June 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have visited Fort Delaware and find accommodations there for 2,000 prisoners; 600 are there, of which 300 are to be released on parole by order from General Wool. The island is a very suitable place for the confinement of prisoners of war, and I recommend that Colonel Crosman be directed to have immediately erected sheds for 3,000 more prisoners, making 5,000 in all, and it is possible that even a greater number may be conveniently guarded there.

There are four incomplete companies constituting the guard. These should be filled up to the maximum limit immediately and a fifth company should be added, which would make an ample guard for 5,000 prisoners. Captain Paul T. Jones' Independent Battery and two batteries of marine and fortifications artillery under Major Segebarth, well trained companies, might well be relieved to take the field and their places supplied by tree companies of infantry. Those companies require, eighty-six recruits. One company of artillery, Captain Mlotkowski, would remain to occupy the post.

Captain A. A. Gibson, of the Fourth Artillery, is commanding, and that his rank may be according to his command I very respectfully suggest that he be appointed and mustered into service as the major or lieutenant-colonel of the four companies of infantry which will form the guard.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eight Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 24, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General for perusal. Five hundred prisoners have this day sent from Harrisburg to Fort Delaware.

To be returned.

By order:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

