
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CHICAGO, July 14, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Sixty-ninth Regiment Illinois Vols., Commanding Camp Douglas.

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 11th instant I have the honor to inform you that the following funds accrued at Camp Douglas to be applied to the benefit of prisoners of war and U. S. troops: Post funds of prisoners from June 1 to July 1, $369. 48; hospital fund of prisoners of war to 1st day of June, $209. 95; hospital fund of U. S. troops to 1st of June, $100. Dr. W. W. Winn, late post surgeon, having neglected to sign the hospital returns from 1st to 13th June under which there has accrued about $150 it cannot therefore be used until he makes his return. The returns from 13th to 30th June inclusive have not been received from hospital. I respectfully request that I may be advised of any change made in the rations since entering upon your duties.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. CHRISTOPHER,

Captain, 16th Inft., Act. Asst. Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Army.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, MISS., July 16, 1862.

Brigadier General P. A. HACKLEMAN.

GENERAL: I have already in the Missouri Republican of 18th June ultimo published an account of the condition and treatment of the Union soldiers captured at Shiloh by the rebels into whose hands they fell. But as Brigadier-General Oglesby, commanding this (Second) division, Army of the Mississippi, requested a written statement through you of the facts connected with the murder of Lieutenant W. S. Bliss, of the Second Michigan Battery, and the treatment of the Federal soldiers taken with him, I comply with his request and send you the following, which came under my own personal observation, or as attested by my late fellow-prisoners.

Lieutenant Bliss was murdered on the 1st or 2nd day of May. He and other officers and others who had the means had been in the habit of buying cakes and milk at a house near a well whence we brought water and had on the morning of that day left his canteen at this house to be filled in the evening. At about 5 p. m. Lieutenant Bliss and Lieutenant Winslow of the Fifty-eighth Illinois, went to the well for water, under guard of course. Arrived at the well Lieutenant Bliss stepped to the back window of the house in question, distant about ten or twelve paces, to get his milk. Ordered by the guard to come away he replied that he merely wanted to get his milk, at the same moment receiving it from the woman of the house and in return handing her a shinplaster in payment. The guard, standing about six paces from him, repeated the order. Lieutenant Bliss said, "In a minute," and receiving his change stepped back some three feet. At this moment the guard raised his piece and Bliss perceiving the movement exclaimed, "Good God! you will not shoot me, will you?" Saying he "must do his duty" the guard fired, shooting Bliss through the heart, who fell dead without a groan or motion.

The guard although standing almost within reach of Lieutenant Bliss had made no effort to prevent him from going to the window nor could he have supposed he would escape, since all parties were in a yard, nor did

