
he inform him that he was violating orders, nor had the prisoners been informed that the purchase of milk was prohibited.

That this atrocious and most inhuman murder is not to be charged to the brutality of the individual soldier, although by no means innocent, is proved by the assertion of Captain D. S. Troy, the highest Confederate officer in Montgomery, made to me that the shooting was "according to orders. "

At Tuscaloosa two enlisted men were killed by the guard for looking out of the window of their prison, one of them being shot before any notice was given them prohibiting them the poor privilege of looking at their mother earth. After the first killing a written notice was posted up that the guard were to discharge their pieces at any prisoner seen looking out of a window. Several were shot at but none wounded.

At Tuscaloosa the prisoners were confined in close rooms; only a few were allowed to go out for water and to the sinks at a time, and although the diarrhea was prevailing in the prisons to a terrible extent the unhappy victims were obliged to use tubs during the night, which were often not removed until 9 a. m. Alive with vermin such prisons must rapidly develop every form of disease and death claim many a noble mark.

At Montgomery upward of 500 privates and 100 commissioned officers were confined in a cotton shed. Within it were their sinks, many as in the field, open trenches. They were almost wholly without blankets, hundreds without coats, while many had sold their clothing, even to their pants, for food. No clothing of any description was forwarded to them, and their only beds were the hard earth and harder planks, mitigated for a short time by a small supply of damaged hay, soon exhausted and never replenished.

The sick were sent to hospitals in the cities where they had such care as surgeons of our own number could given them, with entirely inadequate supplies of medicines and hospital necessaries. The diarrhea, ague and milder forms of disease at Montgomery Dr. W. A. Morse, a lieutenant of Twelfth Iowa, who never had less than 150 cases, and was many times for several successive days entirely without medicines. The deaths of prisoners were announced as follows: "Died, a Yankee prisoner," among the deaths of slaves - no name or rank being given. Such were the obituaries of many well - educated officers and privates.

The rations issued at Tuscaloosa and Montgomery, where I was confined, were of the most execrable description. Corn bread made of unsifted, coarsely ground meal, a small slice of wheat bread, and two or three small pieces of meat, often spoiled, and fetid salt beef constituted the ration for a day. Occasionally small allowances of sugar, rice, stock peas and molasses were made, the whole not exceeding half rations. Miserable as was this allowance it was in a few weeks reduced one-half, until no more than a quarter ration was issued. I have often seen men consume at one meal the amount received for three.

It is no wonder that upon such subsistence men became reduced in health and strength until death from starvation stared them in the face.

These officers and men who had manfully held their ground at Shiloh until 5 o'clock p. m., and until ordered back, and who had repulsed every attack of the enemy, were obliged to drag out a miserable existence in prisons overrun with vermin under circumstances at which humanity revolts and to which felons are not condemned by civilized nations. But I have given the main facts in the case and have no desire to deepen the picture. They speak their own language; further details are unnecessary.

