
Of the 2,300 to 2,400 captured on the 6th, 1,600 have either been released by death from the barbarism of traitors, have been paroled or have made their escape.

God grant that the remainder may soon be restored to their friends and homes.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DORR,

Lieutenant and Quartermaster, Twelfth Iowa Infantry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp near Corinth, July 19, 1862.

I inclose for the notice of the commanding generals of the post, district and department the official statement of Lieutenant J. B. Dorr, Twelfth Iowa Infantry, in regard to the treatment and punishment of Union soldiers, prisoners of war at Montgomery and Tuscaloosa, by the rebel authorities. I have asked for the communication that it may be officially known, as far as it is possible to make it official, the barbarous and inhuman treatment our soldiers receive as prisoners of war from the rebel army.

Most respectfully forwarded.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Palmyra, July 16, 1862.

General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Missouri.

SIR: In consequence of Colonel McNeil being in the field and his headquarters in transit as per movements of a certain outlaw, J. C. Porter, it may be some little time before he can communicate to you the facts causing the issue of Orders, Numbers 34, Division of Northeast Missouri. I will endeavor to give you same of the facts that within my knowledge led to the issue of said order.

Inclosed please find a letter from the Widow Owen, published in the Herald; also the Jesuitical comments of the editor. This letter has caused the murder of at least one Union man, a very estimable citizen named Pratt, of Lewis County, and the letter has been seized as a holy thing by all the traitors in our section. Its appeal for assassinations has done irreparable mischief already - it has continually aided and comforted the opponents of the Government.

The facts in the case of John L. Owen you will perceive by the letter published in the Quincy Whig, also inclosed. Please find inclosed a copy of petition or something of that kind as a mere sample of the feelings of the loyal men of this section (composed of all parties) on the subject. The same feeling pervades Illinois, efforts having been made there to obtain an order from the honorable Secretary of War for its absolute suppression as an establishment. The complaints of its pernicious influence were universal from all directions prior to the issue of Orders, Numbers 34, and since a general feeling of satisfaction has been expressed.

Trusting that this may answer for the nonce until such time as Colonel McNeil may be able to reply giving all the facts in the case,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM R. STRACHAN,

Provost-Marshal.

