
was not abused; but the general orders that commanded him to be shot were read to him, and he was regularly executed in accordance with military usage. John L. Owen was the first or about the first citizen against whom the grand jury of the U. S. circuit court and district courts for Missouri found a true bill of indictment for the high crime of treason.

I trust that you will arrange these facts in proper shape for publication and use them so that loyal Union men may be on their guard in reference to what they may see in the Herald, and thereby discharge to the full your duty as a patriotic journalist. As to the Quincy Herald I can assure you that it has either wittingly or unwittingly done more to keep alive rebellion in our midst here than all the rebel papers and rebel missionaries put together.

I remain, truly, &amp;c.,

WM. R. STRACHAN Provost-Marshal, Palmyra, Mo.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

HANNIBAL, MO., July 15, 1862.

W. R. STRACHAN, Esq., Palmyra, Mo.

DEAR SIR: I inclose you the autographs of a few of our loyal citizens who desire to express their approval of the prohibition of the sale of the Quincy Herald in these parts. It would surprise you to notice the avidity with which every Union man to whom it has been presented places himself upon record. I had but an hour or so this morning in which to circulate it, but if desirable can obtain the signature of every true Union man in the city. All now would be glad to see the same course pursued toward the Chicago Times.

Hastily, yours,

T. D. PRICE.

[Sub-inclosure.]

We, the undersigned, loyal citizens of Hannibal, Mo., would take this method of showing our hearty approval of the course recently taken by Colonel John McNeil in prohibiting the sale of the Quincy Herald in Northeast Missouri, believing as we do that the treasonable course of that paper has done much to give aid and comfort to the traitors of Northeast Missouri in their was against the Government, and it is our belief that the treasonable plotting of the traitors in this portion of our State have been kept alive and encouraged in a great measure by its disloyal teachings.

JOHN L. LATHROP.

GEO. H. NETTLETON.

P. B. GROAT.

[And forty others.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that Surg. H. Griffin, of the Fiftieth Virginia Volunteers, who has been unconditionally released as a prisoner of war, be furnished transportation to Fort Monroe, there to report to Major-General Dix to be forwarded through our lines to the South by the first opportunity.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

