HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 17, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL.

SIR: I have just learned through Major Rogers and Captain Tayloe, bearers of a flag of truce now at Shirley, that you were yesterday on your way to that point expecting to meet General Dix there.

On the morning of the 15th instant I received a communication from General Lee, dated the 14th, informing me that he had appointed you to arrange with General Dix the terms of a general exchange of prisoners, and designating the 16th instant as the day and Shirley as the place of meeting. I immediately replied that General Dix would not have time to reach there on the day named, and having in my previous communication expressly asked that the conference might take place beyond the line of my pickets I suggested that it should be held at Haxall's, understood to be out [of] the immediate vicinity of the outlying pickets of both armies. At that point the conference could take place either on shore or on the steamer which to take up General Dix. And I stated to General Lee that unless I heard from him in the meanwhile General Dix would be at Haxall's Landing at 10 o'clock this morning prepared to meet you. General Dix is now at Haxall's Landing.

Regretting the delay and inconvenience which has been occasioned you, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 17, 1862.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Third Corps d' Armee.

GENERAL: The inclosed petition* and indorsement* by the Secretary of War is referred to you. You will please instruct General King to seize a sufficient number of disloyal persons in Fredericksburg and send them to General Wadsworth, in this city, to be kept in close custody until the persons mentioned in the petition are released and returned to their homes.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 17, 1862.

Colonel JAMES WALLACE,

First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, Drummondtown, Va.

SIR: Two hundred prisoners of war escaped from Fort Delaware night before last. You will take measures to capture such of them as may came down the peninsula.

[WM. D. WHIPPLE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

