SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 137. Corinth, Miss., July 17, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General McKean having been assigned to the command of paroled prisoners at Benton Barracks, Mo., is hereby relieved from duty at this place. He will proceed at once to Saint Louis and take command, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 161, from Headquarters Department of the Mississippi.

* * * * *

III. John D. Chadwick and Francis E. Whitfield, of the county of Tishomingo and State of Mississippi, having been guilty of holding treasonable and forbidden communication with the enemy, it is ordered that they each be confined as prisoners in the penitentiary at Alton, Madison County, Ill., where prisoners guilty of such offenses are kept. Colonel Clark B. Lagow will proceed with them at once to said prison and deliver them into the custody of the officer in command of the same. The assistant quartermaster U. S. Army at this place will furnish the necessary transportation for said prisoners.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, July 17, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: Your report of the 10th instant upon the location and condition of Camp Douglas has been received with the letter inclosed from Doctor Bellows on the same subject. Whilst the expensive, not to say extravagant, arrangements for sewerage, water supply, &amp;c., which were referred to this department, could not be authorized, for reasons sufficiently set forth, the department will approve the reasonable repair of the sheds to make them waterproof. If the prisoners have as good quarters as our own soldiers in the field can be supplied with it seems that all that humanity requires and much more than our own men, prisoners South, get, is supplied. For these repairs the prisoners themselves should do the work. For police and sanitary labors certainly the prisoners themselves should be required to do the labor. If not willing to keep themselves and their camp clean and wholesome and supplied with water I presume it is in the power of the guard to compel obedience to regulations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 18, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to request that you will be so good as to furnish me with information respecting the present condition of Major Richard H. Woolworth, Third Regiment Pennsylvania

