
[Second indorsement.]

JULY 3, 1862.

Copy to made and transmitted to Colonel Crosman to carry out the suggestions of Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, so far as the Quartermaster's Department is involved.

Return the original to the Adjutant-General.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Philadelphia, June 15, 1862.

Captain A. A. GIBSON, Commanding Fort Delaware.

CAPTAIN: By direction of the Secretary of War all officers, prisoners of war, are to be confined at the depot at Sandusky, Ohio, and you will therefore pleasure send to that place under a suitable guard all officers of the rebel army in your charge. If possible arrange it so that they may arrive at Sandusky during the day, as it will be very difficult to cross them to the island at night. Please notify the commanding officer when they will arrive. This order need not be executed till it is decided who are to be released on parole under General Wool's order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Philadelphia, Pa., June 15, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners, Johnston's Island, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Please say to those prisoners of war who are expecting paroles or release that at present under no circumstances will paroles be granted except in case of extreme illness on the recommendation of the attending surgeon, nor will a release be granted except by exchange. A system of exchange is being negotiated and if satisfactorily arranged probably all will be released by exchange or parole.

If you can find a suitable person for the place of hospital steward let him apply in his own handwriting for the appointment and forward it to the Surgeon-General with your approval and you will receive orders to enlist him for that position. They pay is $30 per month with clothing and a ration and this ought to secure a very competent person.

If the man who is now acting can be recommended for the pace he will be discharged from his present service at the same time that he is enlisted as steward.

Say to Captain Read that it will be well to defer the wood contract until it is settled whether prisoners are to be exchanged or released on parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

