
[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, June 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Holding the position of surgeon in Confederate Army, attached to Major-General Longstreet's division, I was on special duty in the District of Norfolk prior to the evacuation of that district. I was wounded from a shell from one of the gun-boats of the Union forces at the bombardment of Sewell's Point and vicinity. At the evacuation it was impossible for me to be removed before the Union forces took possession, which placed me a prisoner within their lines. I have been released on my parole by General Viele and now write you concerning my release under the article of June 7, allowing as I understand an unconditional release of all surgeons.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. H. NEWELL,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Norfolk, Va., July 10, 1862.

Doctor Newell reported himself at these headquarters as a surgeon in the Confederate Army. There was no evidence of the fact excepting his own statement. He appeared to be actuated by a very nice sense of honor in reporting himself and was consequently released on his parole of honor not to serve until exchanged.

EGBERT L. VIELE,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 19, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Asst. Com. General of Prisoners, Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill.

CAPTAIN: Your letter of July 15* asking for instructions in reference to rolls has been received. In reply I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to state that duplicate rolls of prisoners are required by him and the War Department and that you will please have them made out immediately and so forwarded to this office. Muster-rolls are not required. For further information concerning the rolls to be furnished and returns of prisoners required I am directed to refer you to paragraph 1 of the general regulations from this office. Whenever prisoners are received at the camp in any considerable numbers rolls will be immediately made out and forwarded to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 19, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Springfield, Ill.

CAPTAIN: I return you Major Fonda's return+ of prisoners of war for the month of June. It requires the aggregate last month and

---------------

* Not found.

+ Omitted.

---------------

