
explanations of the alterations. Please observe my letter of instructions of the 10th instant in this particular. Call Major Fonda's attention to the circular of regulations bearing on rolls and returns. I wish the rolls and returns to be made as complete as possible with a letter of full explanation. I believe that more have died and have escaped whose names are not thereon, and if there is reliable testimony of this fact I want it stated. Have this matter attended to immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 19, 1862.

Major T. A. SWITZLER,

Provost-Marshal-General Southwest District, Springfield, Mo.

MAJOR: Your letter concerning the release of Benjamin F. Simmons, a prisoner at Indianapolis, is received. By a recent order of the War Department no more prisoners are at present to be released. I have no jurisdiction over the prisoners at Camp Morton, Indianapolis.

Very respectfully, yours,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General, District of Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 19, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 13th instant has just been received. The fencing at Camp Butler is nearly completed. Affairs there are progressing satisfactorily. Your instructions are all being enforced as rigidly as the inexperienced troops forming the guard will permit. There has been a set of the muster-rolls of the prisoners made out, but upon examination I find it to be incorrect. There is another partly made out, but a set of blanks are required. Shall these rolls when completed be forwarded to you? With regard to the return for June I fear it will not be very correct as affairs were quite disorganized before my arrival and the prisoners had not been counted since Colonel Morrison had been relieved. The reports from the orderlies were received, daily, but I found that they had connived at the escape of prisoners under their charge and had made incorrect reports.

I would respectfully recommend the construction of a new guard-house. The present one is nothing but a common frame building, from which the prisoners could easily escape if not closely watched by the guard. The prisoners and troops are now confined in the same prison, which for obvious reasons I think should not be permitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 19, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Your letter of July 16 with the accompanying applications of five prisoners of war for parole has been received. In reply I am

