
directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that the statement of the surgeon of the post in attendance is required in such cases. This statement is to be one of medical facts in the case of each prisoner as to his claim to a parole and is to be accompanied by the official opinion of the medical officer in each case. The detailing by the prisoner of his case during the time that he has been in the surgeon's care is of no importance and can only be useless matter of incumbrance. On the applications will be indorsed your approval or disapproval of each. It is not to be construed from this communication that any favorable action will be taken in these particular cases.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

LACON, MARSHALL COUNTY, ILL., July 19, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that 1,300 paroled prisoners taken at Shiloh are now held at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo., by the officer in command there against their will and compelled to do military duty in violation of their parole. Having two sons in that body of men - one of whom, John P. Winslow, was wounded and is in feeble health, having been in three engagements - I demand as a matter of justice to these brave fellows that some steps should be taken to prevent their further abuse.

It is enough surely that Government is now in arrears of pay to many of them for over eight months, and that they have suffered almost unheard of hardships. They are now entitled to be paid off and to go on furlough until regularly exchanged. I think I know enough of your character to justify the expectation that as soon as your attention is called to this matter it will receive immediate correction. I learn from my so that all the men refused to violate their parole and were threatened with incarceration in the guard-house if they persisted in refusing. This ought not to be, and if the fact becomes public will do much to embarrass our operations in recruiting under the new call for additional troops.

I have the honor to be, your sincere friend and obedient servant,

ROBERT F. WINSLOW.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., July 20, [1862.]

Captain GEORGE S. PEIRCE,

Military Commander, Dubuque, Iowa.

SIR: In reply to your telegram with reference to the discharge of paroled prisoners I have the honor to state that permanently disabled paroled prisoners will be discharged from the service on certificates of disability the same as other soldiers.

By orders of Major-General Halleck:

S. M. PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 28. Jefferson City, Mo., July 20, 1862.

It is represented from various quarters that the bands of guerrillas and outlaws of all kinds infesting the country within the limits of this

