
division are increasing and concentrating their forces for renewed depredations upon the peaceful and law-abiding citizens of the country and against the legitimate soldiery stationed throughout the same for the preservation of law and order. Believing that there is some foundation for these representations, the attention of officers commanding posts and scouts is called to the necessity of the utmost vigilance in collecting information concerning these lawless bands and to existing orders requiring that such lawless bands of guerrillas, when their existence is ascertained, be pursued and exterminated without mercy.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding division:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 20, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: I yesterday called on you be telegram* for the number of prisoners escaped from Camp Douglas but as yet I have received no reply. I hope by to-morrow by telegraph to learn the number or that you cannot tell. For the greater security of the prisoners you will with as little delay as practicable change the position of the line of fence below the stables as was suggested when I was [at] Camp Douglas, and at the same time remodel all the fence, giving it sufficient height and stability with all the frame-work on the outside. A sentinel's walk will be constructed at convenient distances. Secure the top of the fence on the outside so that the sentinel may have a good view of all inside the fence near his post. The walk will not be required along the fence next to the street and it may not be necessary in rear of the quarters occupied by the regiment inside. It may be found necessary to make the walk continuous, but for the present we will try it with intervals of fifty to seventy-five feet. For making these charges use all the old lumber about the camp with as much of the old stables as may be necessary. Let it cost as little as possible. The calling of the prisoners' rolls must not be trusted to corporals or sergeants. They must be superintended by officers, as many as may be necessary detailed for the purpose permanently, or with temporary details of a week at a time, the whole superintended by a field officer who should make his morning report to you. Put this order in force immediately and see that it is rigidly enforced. The police of the prisoners' grounds and quarters must be inspected daily and reports made of it daily in writing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 20, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Ill.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant with its inclosures, in which you desire instructions as to the disposition of five female prisoners at Camp Douglas. In

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

