
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 16, 1862.

BUDD I. WALKER,

Numbers 1218 Hibberd Street, Philadelphia.

SIR: In reply to your application of the 14th instant in behalf of the officers of the transport Union, now held as prisoners by the rebels in North Carolina, and asking for their release the Secretary of War directs me to inform you that recently an arrangement was made for a general exchange of all prisoners of war, but its fulfillment has been delayed by the had faith of the insurgent authorities. The subject, however, is still engaging the earnest attention of this Department, which will continue its effort for the release of all our citizens now held as prisoners of war until that end shall be accomplished, but as the release of the great body of these can only be effected by some system for a general exchange which is more likely to be adopted if special exchanges are not made the Secretary in justice to all is obliged to decline taking any action at present in the case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., June 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SIR: I received an order through C. P. Wolcott by telegram last evening, too late however to reply in consequence of the office being closed, requesting me to report whether Roger W. Hanson and one or more rebel officers are at large at Baltimore. I reply Colonel Hanson and several others were sent to me to be forwarded to Richmond for exchange, Hanson for Corcoran, &amp;c. These were refused because the privateersmen were not present to be exchanged and sent back. They were ordered to report to General Dix. As the latter informed me he wrote to you on the subject, when they were permitted to remain in the city on parole, reporting to him daily. On my arrival I thus found them with six others with orders from the War Department to be forwarded to Richmond to be exchanged. The six have been sent by a flag of truce. Colonel Hanson and the two on the officers I permitted to remain in the city but not at large, but ordered themselves at their hotel, I being determined to send them to Fort Warren. They requested a day's delay in order to write to the Secretary of War, which I granted. The letter which related to exchanged with Corcoran and others I transmitted to the Secretary with my own views on the subject. the next day I visited Annapolis and the next Washington and the day after Harper's Ferry, all which prevented me from attending to these rebel officers.

There are several other rebel officers that have arrived here since I assumed command, among others General Pettigrew, who is reported

