
of these men are at Benton Barracks and should be furlough to their homes until exchanged. They are as brave and willing men as ever lived. They have proved what they are. They understand their parole prohibits any service. Should you put then in service for the relief of the Twenty-third Missouri and put muskets in their hands? Do not allow punishment to brave and gallant men who have done their duty.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 21, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to herewith to transmit lists* of certain of our wounded taken prisoners in the recent battles and who have been released on parole. I shall send to City Point to-morrow for another party of our wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO B. McCLELLAN,]

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 21, 1862.

Major General G. B. MCCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL: It has come to my knowledge that many of our citizens'

engaged in peaceful avocations have been arrested and imprisoned because they have refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, while others by hard and harsh treatment have been compelled to take an oath to bear arms against that Government. I have learned that about 100 of the later class have been released from Fortress Monroe. This Government refuses to admit the right of the authorities of the United States to arrest our citizens and extort from them their parole not to render military service to their country under the penalty of incurring punishment in case they fall into the hands of your forces.

I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that such oaths will not be regarded as obligatory and persons who take them will be required to render military service. Should your Government treat the rendition of such service by these persons as a breach of parole and punish it accordingly this Government will resort to retaliatory measures as the only means of compelling the observance of the rules of civilized warfare.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 21, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: Inclosed + you will find a list of prisoners of war, paroled by my order, and to-day directed to be sent within your lines. Accom-

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Nominal list of 130 names omitted.

---------------

