
system of sinks, slop barrels and ditches through the camp is fraught with imminent danger to health. This system in my opinion admits of no discussion or suggestion of modification or improvement save the free introduction of water into the grounds and a perfect system of drainage.

Very respectfully,

B. McVICKAR,

Post Surgeon.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., July 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: As there is a probability of my removal against which Governor Peirpoint will strongly protest I take the liberty to mention the matter to you with the request that if you think proper to do so I should like to have you apply to the Secretary of War to assign me to special duty under you, with the control of prison posts in West Virginia. I have no personal feeling to gratify in the matter. Governor Peirport has himself applied directly to Secretary Stanton to appoint me as chief provost-marshal of West Virginia, and this in view of the changes constantly made in limits of departments and commanders thereof in this section of the country. The policy pursued by me seems to meet the general approval of loyalists here and they have voluntarily expressed the desire that I should be retained. Without wishing to press the matter too much upon your attention I should say that an early interference on your part if deemed advisable by you would be most likely effectual.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

CAMP BUTLER, ILL., July 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General Prisoners of War, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I hereby inclose my general sanitary report for the month of June, 1862, of this camp for your information. After you have done with [it] please forward it to the Surgeon-General U. S. Army, as it is an accompaniment of my monthly or quarterly report of sick and wounded.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. COOPER McKEE,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP BUTLER, ILL., July 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners of War.

COLONEL: Camp Butler, Ill., is situated on the Great Western Railroad, six miles from the town of Springfield. The camp is established on a rather high and rolling piece of ground, surrounded by a high board fence, inclosing some fifteen acres of land. It was originally intended as a camp of instructions for volunteers. The barracks were built for two regiments. They are mere shells, single boards forming

