
the sides and roofs; the sides very low, about eight feet in height; the roofs covered with tarred paper. Erected by contract they afford protection neither from storms nor heat. During this month the thermometer has been steady at 102@ for days in my own room. The effect of such intense and continued heat on the sick and well in these miserably constructed barracks has been prostrating in the extreme. The prisoners of war, over 2,000 in number, occupy the rows of barracks on the right; in front of these there are two rows of tents on a main street also occupied by them. Four of the barracks in this row are used as hospitals of another as a drug store. A line of sentinels surrounds all, leaving ample room for the prisoners to exercise, but they are generally indifferent to this and to their personal cleanliness. Two other hospitals outside of these lines are now allotted to convalescents on account of the shade. On my arrival here in May I found the hospitals, six in number, in a miserable sanitary condition. No one had taken the authority or trouble to better this. The floors were filthy; deodorizing agents were not thought of; slops and filth were thrown indiscriminately around. The sick were crowded in wooden bunks, some on the floor, many without blankets, and nearly all without straw, either new or old. No attention was paid to ventilation or drainage. The stench of the wards horrid and sickening. Food was abundant but badly prepared; medicines were deficient. The stewards were ignorant and negligent of their business, the nurses and cooks insubordinate and inattentive to the wants of their sick companions. The condition of the prisoners, many of whom had been broken down in service prior to their capture opened a favorable and unlimited field for the development of low types of disease, and accordingly typhus and typhoid fevers, pneumonia, erysipelas, &amp;c., raged with violence and great fatality.

To carry out my plans of improvement required much explanation and persuasion. I was at I undertook for the comfort of these unfortunate sick. Floors were scrubbed, lime applied freely on the walls and floors, ventilation and drainage attended to. A fever hospital (making seven) was established; another hospital was used for pneumonia, another for erysipelas. The surgeons (prisoners of war) were assigned to their own hospitals, stewards and nurses were encouraged to emulate each other in the cleanliness of their wards, all with the happiest effects. Cooks were supplied with necessary kitchen furniture, barrels were procured for slops, water was furnished in abundance for the sick, wards were limited to the number of thirty patients. The hospital fund procured many necessary articles, such as ice. The medical purveyor at Chicago sent me a full supply according to the standard supply table for six months. A drug store, under an excellent druggist, was established. A quantity sufficient for a change of shirts, drawers and sheets was obtained from the quartermaster, fresh straw and bed-sacks were also secured. Under these changes the difference in the mortality of my hospitals was remarkable and exceedingly gratifying. During the mouth of May 123 died, whilst in June only 30 died.

Of twenty-four cases of camp fevers (typhus) for died; of fourteen cases of typhoid, two died; of thirty-three cases of common, continued fever, two died. In two cases I was unable to diagnose whether they were typhus or typhoid until after a post-mortem examination. The former disease was sudden in its attacks, in two cases the patients died on the third day. Ammonia, tonics and stimulants had to be used in large quantities. One case (I thought of fatal relapse) was saved by blistering the whole length of the spine with ammonia and mustard.

