
Typhoid or enteric fever was treated much in the same way, with the addition of oil of turpentine, of which I cannot speak too highly. Quinia had to be employed freely among these men in nearly all diseases. They generally come from miasmatic districts. I can speak with the highest satisfaction of the use of muriate tincture of iron in the treatment of erysipelas, alternated with quinia it controlled the disease in all its forms. I found local applications, as of iodine and nitrate of sliver, unsatisfactory in their results, not controlling the spread of the disease. I abandoned their use and applied emulsion of flaxseed, saving pain and trouble to my patients. The two fatal cases reported were complicated with other diseases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. COOPER McKEE,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your communication of the 19th instant, with monthly returns for June returned, was received to-day. I hasten to reply. I had already explained to the commanding officer the manner this return should be made out and the explanations you required. I have again repeated those instructions, shown him your letter and caused lists of those who have died and who have escaped to be made out. These lists I believe to be correct. An accurate account of the deaths has been kept by the surgeon in charge of the hospital. The list of prisoners who escaped may not be so correct, for during the month of June no roll-call was made and the reports of the prisoners in charge of squads was not always to be relied upon. This is the first return made out. I therefore in the alternations since last return have only included the number of those who have died and those who have been known to have escaped during the month. You must remember that during the greater part of this month the present commanding officer was not in charge and no reliable date have been obtained of deaths, escapes, &amp;c., previous to his taking command. Undoubtedly unknown prisoners have escaped from here. No roll came with them. A correct roll has never been obtained. Much time and labor has been expended in endeavoring to make out one, but the proper measures have never been resorted to in order to insure its correctness. I believe that prisoners have been aided in escaping from here by disloyal persons living in the vicinity, rebel sympathizers who only act covertly. I believe that previous to your instructions regarding visitors being enforced that prisoners were aided to escape by persons from Tennessee and Kentucky visiting their friends and relatives confined in the camp. I have no reliable testimony of these facts, but such is the opinion of Colonel P. Morrison, Major Fonda and others connected with the camp. During the month of June affairs here were in a state of complicated confusion and it has required much time and unremitted exertion on my part to unravel them. I have used every endeavor to have your instructions carried out and with as much success as the material at hand would admit of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

