
unable to travel on account of his wounds. I have ordered Surgeon Simpson to have him examined by one or more surgeon in order to ascertain whether he can travel to Fort Warren or otherwise. Shall I send all these officers to Fort Warren?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

CORRINTH, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M SHCOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Order referring release of prisoners in Missouri to provost-marshal-general is hereby revoked. In that matter he will act subject to your orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, C. S. ARMY,June 16, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Permit me to call your attention to the matter of exchanges of our prisoners of war. As you will remember on the 15th and 16th of May General Beauregard sent to you in the aggregate some 174 noncommissioned officers and soldiers of your service, prisoners of war released on their parole, for whom you were pleased to say an equal number of our men in your hands should be duly exchanged. Some thirty days have not elapsed and none of our soldiers have been restored to this army in exchange. I can understand, however, that this has resulted from military conditions, but submit that there should be little longer delay.

You have also been made aware I presume that Colonel John H. Morgan, Kentucky cavalry, C. S. Army, captured and released early in May about 270 officers and soldiers of General Mitchel's division of your forces at Pulaski, Tenn. I have now the honor to send you an official copy* of the parole or list of persons paroled by Colonel Morgan for your information. Subsequently to the affair at Pulaski Colonel Morgan had another combat with some of your forces and some 173 of his command, including Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Wood, C. S. Army, were taken prisoners by General Dumont and are now held in close and as I have reason to believe harsh confinement at Columbus, Ohio. It would appear I submit as an act of simple equity that Lieutenant-Colonel Wood and his men should be exchanged and restored to our ranks without longer confinement, and I shall confidently rely on your to give the necessary orders to that end. Of course Lieutenant-Colonel Wood can be exchanged for officers of an inferior grade or for men in accordance with the tariff of exchanges established in General Orders Numbers 51, from your headquarters, Saint Louis, Mo., March 3, 1862. Orders have been given to have Captain McMichael, assistant adjutant-general, of your service, released in exchange for Captain Cameron, of this army, who has been sent within our lines.

In connection with exchange I have to present the names of the following persons whose release is desired whenever any of our officers and soldiers may be restored to our service, to wit: Major G. B. Cosby,

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

