
and wounded in your hands as well as for those of your own army, knowing that you will see them fairly applied to the purpose for which they are intended. I leave their distribution entirely in your hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 22, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: Mr. Clement Barclay, a wealthy citizen of Philadelphia, has been devoting himself for some months past to the humane object of relieving so far as it has been in his power the sufferings of the sick and wounded of our army. His charities have also been extended to the sick and wounded of your army in our hands whenever opportunity has offered. Mr. Barclay thinks that if permitted to visit Richmond he could gather information respecting the necessities of our sick and wounded officers and soldiers who by the fortune of war are your prisoners which would enable him to materially extend his sphere of usefulness. (Mr. Barclay is a wealthy citizen whose only object in this visit is the humane one I have stated. I should be much gratified if you should find it consistent with your views to grant the desired permission.) If therefore it is in accordance with your views I should be much gratified if the desired permission could be granted to Mr. Barclay, and I can assure you that in asking for it he has no other purpose in contemplation than that indicated.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general I have the honor herewith to transmit a list* in two parts of our sick and wounded released on parole and delivered at City Point the 22nd instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[S. WILLIAMS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 22, [1862.]

Surg. J. C. HUGHES, Keokuk U. S. Hospital.

SIR: Your letter of the 21st instant has been received. Without letting it be know that you have done so report to the commanding officer at Alton without delay how many prisoners of war are ready for removal from your hospital.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Inspector-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

