
illy-adapted for the purpose for which they are employed. They afford but little protection from the extreme heat of this season. The thermometer in the officer's quarters has indicated a heat of 102@ for hours at a time. This extreme heat has had a prostrating influence upon the prisoners, increased the sick list, but every care has been taken to prevent epidemic. The barracks and surrounding grounds are now kept clean, policed every day.

The rations supplied the prisoners are good and wholesome. The amount furnished ample. Vegetables in sufficient quantities have been obtained by exchanging a portion of the Government ration issued them for such vegetables as they desired. There is nothing to indicate that they have suffered for a want of antiscorbutic. Their food generally has been well cooked. No fault can be found with their subsistence. Many of the prisoners are suffering for want of clothing; all need some. Many are sadly deficient, not having a change, while some are really suffering very much and cannot be employed at fatigue on this account. The health of the prisoners I consider good under the circumstances. Many came here sick, others broken down by the hardships of service; many are unaccustomed to camp and to the fatigues of a soldier's life. The change from the fatiguing and exposed life of the soldier to their confined and indolent life as prisoners, together with the change of climate, has contributed to increase the sick list. There are seven hospitals for prisoners of war, each under the charge of one of their own physicians, the whole under the medical superintendence of Dr. J. C. McKee, U. S. Army. Their present condition is very favorable and reflects credit upon all connected with the management. The sick are treated with the utmost kindness. The beds are comfortable; blankets, bed-covers, sheets, mosquito bars, &amp;c., are now provided. A change of shirts and drawers for the sick has been supplied. Every care has been taken by the enforcement of cleanliness, the use of deodorizing agents, ventilation, drainage, &c., to render these hospitals comfortable and pleasant. The number of sick in hospital was 185, quite one-half of which were chronic cases of long standing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 22, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that among the articles already enumerated to be purchased for the use of the prisoners vegetables have been omitted. This was through mistake and the commissary-general requests that they be purchased from the prisoner's fund in such quantities as may be deemed expedient for their wants, consulting of course both economy and their health.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

