
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, Ohio, July 22, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Acting Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that after you have complied with the instructions contained in my letter to you of the 20th instant addressed to you at Springfield, Ill, relative to duties at Alton, in that State, he requires that you proceed without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and confer with the provost-marshal-general at that place upon all matters embraced in the printed regulations of the commissary-general's office and upon all general instructions already given you not applicable to particular prison camps. You will fully communicate to the provost-marshal-general the views of the commissary-general of prisoners relative to their care, discipline and safety.

You will ascertain from him the number and location of all camps at which prisoners are confined in his department, the number of prisoners at each camp and the method pursued by him for their control and to secure their safety. Ascertain the particular measure adopted for this purpose, whether the prisoners are concentrated; if so at what points and in what numbers. You will not attempt to impose upon him the means concerning the care of prisoners detailed to you for your government in special cases, as the introduction of Farmer's boilers, &amp;c.

You will, however, report the advantage or disadvantage of such applications wherever they may be made.

You will fully and minutely instruct him respecting the returns, reports and other papers required by the commissary-general, and that the records kept at the various prison camps should be uniform in character and such as will furnish in the simplest manner possible all date required at the office of the commissary-general of prisoners. This will be best done by adopting the forms already in use at that office.

Having performed this duty you will immediately return to Detroit, Mich., and personally submit in writing a full report of the result of your investigations.

With highest respect, I am, certain, your obedient servant,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Adjutant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 22, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Prisoners, Springfield, Ill.

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that among the articles to be purchased from the fund of the prisoners for their use are vegetables, and he requests that they be supplied in such quantities as may be deemed expedient, consulting of course both economy and their health.

With the highest respect, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

