
FORT DELAWARE, July 22, 1862.

Captain A. J. PERRY, Assistant Quartermaster, Washington City.

DEAR SANDY: As you know I and several others were sent to Richmond on parole to effect exchanges. The Confederate States Government declined to make any special exchanges and I returned. I was sent from Fort Warren and expected to return there in case of failure. I have left there various things belonging to me and all my special friends. All the others who came with me except myself were allowed to return from here to that place, they paying their own expenses. I have many other important reasons for desiring to go there and request that as favor you will endeavor to have me sent there in a similar manner to Colonel Hanson, Jackson, Baldwin, whose cases are precisely similar. If possible I should also like when a general exchange goes into effect (I understand it has been agreed upon) to be paroled so that I can see my family and to take my wife South with me. I could meet her in Baltimore, and if allowed to go South on parole instead of with a crowd this could be effected. If you could accomplish these matters for me your would confer a great favor upon your old friend. Please remember me to Mrs. Perry and the phenomenons.

Yours, truly,

[G. B.] COSBY.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General, with the request if not inconsistent with the interests of the Government that Major or Colonel Cosby's wishes in the matter may be gratified.

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

[Second indorsement.]

DEAR GENERAL: I don't know if be in your power, but if it is please do what you can to gratify Cosby for whom I have always had a special regard.

Yours, truly,

JUL. P. GARESCHE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Harrison's Bar, July 23, 1862. Major General JOHN A. DIX.

GENERAL: The commanding general has received from General R. E. Lee, of the Confederate service, a communication of which the inclosed is a copy. * He desires your attention called to the allegations of the first two paragraphs with a view to ascertain how far they are sustained by actual occurrences.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, July 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just arrived from Haxall's Landing. General Hill and I came to an agreement yesterday. The articles agreed on are those presented by him with the alternations submitted to you and three of those

---------------

* Omitted here; Lee to McClellan, July 21, 1862.

---------------

