
C. S. Army, captured at Fort Donelson; Captain Isaac [W.] Avery, Georgia cavalry, captured near Booneville, June 1, 1862; Captain George Soule, Company A, Crescent Regiment, Louisiana volunteers; Captain Caliborne Watkins, Company B, Eleventh Regiment Arkansas Volunteers; Lieutenant Paul De Clouet and Lieutenant F. O. Trepagnier, Orleans Guards; Lieutenant R. L. Blair, Twelfth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers; Lieutenant Parker, Alabama volunteers; Lieutenant F. Moreno, Louisiana volunteers; Lieutenant D. C. Jenkins, Louisiana volunteers; Serg. A. De Clouet, Orleans Guards; Private M. W. Chapman, Seventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers; Private Delahoussaye, Louisiana volunteers, all captured at the battle of Shiloh.

I have also to submit the name of Second Lieutenant Joseph K. Dixon, Confederate infantry, for early exchange. He was captured at Fort Saint Philip and release on parole. Any officers of equal rank that you may name in our hands will be exchanged for him, or I will direct the immediate release of an officers of his grade if you prefer it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, June 16, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding U. S. Forces, Corinth.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your consideration a copy* of a parole required of and given by surgeon Benjamin, C. S. Army. As it bears the recent indorsement of your adjutant-general I have sent a copy presuming that he will be able to recognize its authenticity. The paper in question, as you will perceive, stipulates for an exchange of Surgeon Benjamin, C. S. Army, whose rank is but that of major, for Lieutenant-Colonel Morthon, Missouri volunteers, of your service-a proposition so untenable that it must have escaped you notice when Surgeon Benjamin was at your headquarters and will not be entertained an instant. Be the terms of the parole as extended at your headquarters Surgeon Benjamin must return as a prisoners of war by the--- of July within lines unless exchanged for Lieutenant-Colonel Morton. This requirements or obligation is, I submit, directly at variance with the spirit of recent arrangements touching prisoners of war. As early as 13th of April General Beauregard I find informed General Grant that at an early day he would release on parole all medical officers of the U. S. service in his hands. I can but think it in the clear interest of humanity and of both services that medical officers should not be regarded as other or combatant prisoners of war. I hope you will agree with me and permit Surgeon Benjamin to be absolved from his engagement to return within you lines on the day prescribed; that is, I hope will be placed on the same footing with other medical officers released by General Beauregard and yourself in May.

I have also to suggest that chaplains should be treated in the same way and released if captured with the least delay practicable. In this connection I have to request the early release of the Rev. A. J. Witherspoon, chaplain Twenty-first Regiment Alabama Volunteers, captured at Shiloh in the discharge of his sacred duties. I learn that we had a

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

