HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 23, 1862.

Honorable A. LINCOLN, President of the United States.

SIR: Have you yet considered the order* I proposed to issue yesterday which directs all male citizens living within the lines of the army under my command and in the rear of it to be arrested-such as take the oath of allegiance and give sufficient security for its observance to be allowed to remain at home and pursue their accustomed avocations; such as do not be conducted South and put within the lines of the enemy, with a notification that if hereafter found within the lines or in the rear of the U. S. forces they will be considered and treated as spies? I find it impossible to make any movement, however insignificant the force, without having it immediately communicated to the enemy. Constant correspondence verbally and by letter between the enemy's forces and the so-called peaceful citizens in the rear of this army is carried on which can in no other way be interrupted. A thousand open enemies cannot inflict the injury upon our arms which can be done by one concealed enemy in our midst. I have the honor, therefore, to ask your decision in the case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 23, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

At 5 o'clock this evening the second branch of the city council of the city of Baltimore failed to pass the appropriation of $300,000 for the raising of volunteers for the State of Maryland. The same branch voted $500,000 for the defense of the city of Baltimore on the 18th day of April, 1861. There is evidently considerable excitement among the Union people and danger of violence inflicted upon the members of the council. Several Union men, viz, Colonel William L. Schley, Fifth Maryland Volunteers; Thomas H. Gardner, clerk criminal court of Baltimore; Alfred D. Evans, late warden of the penitentiary of Maryland, have called upon me to wish the members of the council arrested that they may elect a new council and pass the bill. Brigadier-General Morris is in command but is at Fort McHenry. General Wool gone to Wheeling. There will probably be a violent demonstration in the city to-night unless they are arrested. Shall I arrest them? The crowd is now awaiting the coming forth of the council. A strong force of police, however, to protect them, and they may get into the country without violence. They have not asked for military aid, although they were in my office this morning.

WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S. -The members are now coming out one at a time and being escorted home by the police. They are greeted by yells and groans as they appear. No danger a riot, however.

W. D. W.

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 11, July 23, 1862, p. 271.

---------------

