
GENERAL WOOL'S HEADQUARTERS,

Baltimore, July 23, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

Your dispatch *is received and is satisfactory. The assurance that the Government would take the matter [in hand] was all that saved the last member of the council from being hung. The crowd followed him with a rope and it was as much as 100 policemen could do to save him. All is quiet now.

WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 23, 1862.

W. A. VAN NOSTRAND, Marshal of Police, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding in Baltimore and vicinity during the temporary absence of the major-general commanding the department, directs that you arrest and send to Fort McHenry the following persons, viz: Charles H. Kehr and Henry McCaffrey, the composer and publisher of a piece of music entitled the Stonewall Quickstep, dedicated to T. J. Jackson, general, C. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[WM. D. WHIPPLE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 11. Washington, July 23, 1862.

Commanders of army corps, divisions, brigades and detached commands will proceed immediately to arrest all disloyal male citizens within their lines or within their reach in rear of their respective stations.

Such as are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and will furnish sufficient security for its observance shall be permitted to remain at their homes and pursue in good faith their accustomed a vocations.

Those who refuse shall be conducted south beyond the extreme pickets of this army and be notified that if found again anywhere within our lines or at any point in rear they will be considered spies and subjected to the extreme rigor of military law.

If any person having taken the oath of allegiance as above specified be found to have violated it he shall be shot and his property seized and applied to the public use.

All communication with any persons whatever living within the lines of the enemy is positively prohibited except through the military authorities and in the manner specified by military law, and any person concerned in writing or n carrying letters or messages in any other way will be considered and treated as a spy within the lines of the U. S. Army.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

