
If you send to my lines any of my soldiers which you have as prisoners I will send equivalents as soon as possible. Colonel Fry was sent to Saint Louis in charge of a navy surgeon. I regret that some harsh language was used against Colonel Fry under the impression he had ordered our drowning men to be fired on. Subsequently the colonel's denial satisfied Colonel Fitch, who commanded on the occasion, that the charge was unfounded and the improprieties were not committed by his orders.

I will take great pleasure in urging his exchange on fair terms, as I am told your correspondence with him, captured on the occasion, recognized him as colonel and he has been so registered as a prisoner of war.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 23, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Columbus, N. Y.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant you will please make the paroled prisoners who refuse to serve with arms do police duty at Fort Columbus and put any in close confinement who refuse to obey.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 23, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 12th instant relative to the supply of clothing for prisoners of war in western camps you are respectfully informed that your requisitions if made on this office will ordered immediately.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, July 23, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I received this morning your letter of 20th instant, postmarked 21st. Commanders of posts have been directed to forward all prisoners to Wheeling with descriptive lists and charges. The prison here is in the second story of a large building formerly occupied as a carriage depot. It is divided into two apartments, one occupied by the guards and the other by the prisoners. One hundred and twenty have been accommodated in the latter during the winter. In the summer it would not be advisable to quarter more than seventy. Prisoners have always been sent to Camp Chase when the number here reached 100 so as to

18 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

