
on the part of this Government. He will be at Aiken's Landing to meet your agent at 12 m. to-morrow. I regret that a mistake as to the time of meeting prevented Mr. Ould from being at the landing at noon to-day.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia.

GENERAL: If the hour citizens of Fredericksburg recently taken as hostages by General King pursuant to orders from these headquarters and now in confinement in Capitol Prison have not already been informed of the cause of their arrest General Pope desires that they be informed that it was in consequence of the seizure of an equal number of Union citizens of Virginia by the rebel authorities. The general also desires they be informed that whenever those Union citizens shall have been released from their confinement in Richmond they also shall be sent at liberty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEORGE D. RUGGLES,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CAMP ON CLEAR CREEK, July 24, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN.

COLONEL: A brother of mine, James B. Stanley, is confined as a rebel prisoners at Fort Delaware. He was in New Orleans at the breaking out of the rebellion and he says he accompanied the army in a civil capacity to Yorktown; that there he passed into our lines and gave himself up; that he took the oath of allegiance by advice of General Fitz-John Porter who told him he would be released. He is still held a prisoner, and if his statement to me be correct I hope there is no serious obstacle in the way of his release. If he gave himself up of course he is not a subject for exchange. Will you have the kindness to examine his case and advise me as to what can be done in his case?

I think I can safely offer myself security for the young man that if released he will go straight home and behave himself hereafter. Hoping soon to hear from you, colonel, upon this subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division, Army of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS PIATT'S BRIGADE,Near Winchester, July 24, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

Your telegram in relation to rebel officer is just received. I have given orders to arrest all persons coming near the field-works. The circumstances referred to is this: I was lying in my tent unwell and was informed that a rebel cavalrymen was in my camp. I asked how

