
chaplain of your service, a Mr. Warner, whose immediate release has been directed as well as of any other chaplains held prisoners of war by us.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,June 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Alfred Leigh was arrested on the recommendation of a large number of his neighbors, good Union citizens, he having made threats against some of them and having taken property form Union man who had left their farms on the approach of the enemy and refusing afterwards to give any account of it. He was likewise charged with having obtained four Government horses on false pretenses. I would further remark that I hold Leigh, Gunnell and one or two other disloyal citizens of Northeastern Virginia as hostages for the safe return of certain Union citizens of the same region now imprisoned in Richmond.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General and Military Governor, District of Columbia.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York City, June 16, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS,

Commanding Fort Columbus, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please send to the depot near Sandusky in charge of a suitable guard all the rebel officers, prisoners of war, now in confinement at Fort Columbus. If possible so arrange it that they may arrive at Sandusky during the day as it would be difficult to cross to the island at night, and please inform the commanding officer of the time when they will arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 15. Springfield, June 16, 1862.

The time has arrived when the most stringent measures must be enforced to repress the lawless and atrocious proceedings of the marauders who infest the southwestern portion of the State, practicing murder and robbery on every side. Not only open offenders, but all who in any way aid or abet them must be brought to punishment, and such regulations must be established as will render it impossible for these thieves and assisting to remain undiscovered, and in order to accomplish this object all good citizens are called upon to co-operate with and assist the military authorities in their efforts to punish the

