
to return North they were under the sad necessity of engaging themselves in order to live. My profession of seaman caused me to go on board a privateer. I have paid for my compulsory error by a year's imprisonment. The Government of the United States ought to be kind enough to take these facts into consideration and to not force foreigners to return to the South which course exposes them to finding themselves in the same position as before.

I venture to hope that Your Excellency will condescend to take these facts into consideration and that you will be pleased to take some steps in order that I may be enabled to remain in the North.

I am, with profound respect, Mr. Minister, your very humble and very obedient servant,

A. PEYRUSSET,

Captain of Merchant Vessel Trading with Foreign Ports.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 25, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

The rolls of prisoners held by us are not on file in this Department. They have been ordered to be made out with all dispatch. The number of prisoners of war held by us is reported to be over 20,000. The rolls will be ready in as brief a time as possible. Have named you and General Franklin as our of exchange. The commissary of prisoners thinks he can have the rolls in five days. They will be transmitted to you as soon as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 25, 1862.

Major-General DIX;

You and Major-General Franklin have been appointed our agents for the exchange of prisoners. The agents appointed by the rebels will be at Aiken's at 12 m. to-morrow, where you will please meet them. Advise General McClellan whether you will be present or not.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, July 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The intention was to have one agent here for the exchange of prisoners and one at Vicksburg. The Confederates will have but one at each place. I beg to be excused from this duty. My presence here is indispensably necessary. I have arranged to go to Point Lookout this evening to settle some matters there. General Franklin can do all that is necessary. If two are needed here General Van Alen, who commands at Yorktonw, can be spared without inconvenience.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

