
meet ours. The power to appoint the agents was not delegated me but as soon as the cartel had been signed I urged upon the Government their immediate appointment. I regret to say that I have not yet been informed of any action in the matter but I will at once repeat my request and will inform you when the appointment is made and the time when the meeting can take place, which I trust will be at no distant day.

I have taken the liberty of communicating the substance of this direct to your agents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 25, 1862.

To the [CONFEDERATE] AGENTS FOR THE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Aiken's.

GENTLEMEN: I have just learned that you will reach Aiken's at noon to-day expecting to meet there our agents for the exchange of prisoners. I regret to have to inform you that as far as I am aware no agents have yet been appointed for the purpose by the Government, but I have urged their immediate appointment and will at once repeat the request.

I will advise General Lee of their appointment and the time when the meeting can take place, which I trust may be within a very brief period.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 25, 1862.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Governor of Iowa.

SIR: Your letter of the 22nd instant has been referred to the Secretary of War. I am directed to say in reply that arrangements have been made for a general exchange of prisoners which it is hoped will remove all further cause of complaint on the part of paroled prisoners of war. The principle, however, is settled that our soldiers when sent back by the enemy on parole must not be placed on any duty that will increase the effective force of our army be relieving other troops and permitting them to act more effectively against the enemy.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, Fredericksburg:

Please ascertain and forward the names of the four Union citizens of Fredericksburg recently seized by the rebel authorities and now confined in Richmond. If there have been other Union citizens seized by the rebel authorities in the neighborhood of Fredericksburg and now

