
held captive by such authorities please forward their names, as we may be able to exchange them with prisoners now confined in Capitol Prison.

By command of Major-General Pope:

[GEO. D. RUGGLES,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 25, 1862.

General Dow will confine Martin Fullman in Fort Saint Philip at labor for giving information to guerrillas while claiming to be a natural subject of Great Britain.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 144. Corinth, Miss., July 25, 1862.

VI. Hereafter all charge of political prisoners will be left with the provost-marshal confined will have their cases examined into with as little delay as practicable and the result of the examination reported to these headquarters. Major-General Ord, commanding post, will furnish the provost-marshal-general with all orders heretofore issued pertaining to the duties from which this order relieves him. The provost-marshal-general will be charged with granting permits for all persons not connected with the army to pass over the railroads and through the lines with such restrictions as are or may be ordered.

* * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 25. Columbus, Ky., July 25, 1862.

All persons within the limits of the district who have served in the rebel army and have returned to their homes and taken the oath of allegiance to the United States Government will immediately turn over to the nearest commanding officer of the U. S. forces all arms of any description which they may have. If any such person shall be discovered or detected with arms in their possession it will be considered a hostile act, nullifying their oath of allegiance and will subject them to confinement and treatment of prisoners of war. Hereafter all persons taking the oath of allegiance will certify that they have no arms in their possession and that they will not carry or procure them without permission.

By order of Brigadier General I. F. Quinphy:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

