HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,July 25, 1862.

SUPERINTENDENT OLD CAPITOL PRISON.

SIR: The names of the four Union prisoners who were arrested in Fairfax County, Va., and carried to Richmond by the rebels are Major Charles Williams, Moces Morrison, Thomas Morrison and Peter Couse.

They have also in confinement the following named Union prisoners of Fairfax County, Va.: George Bayless, Abraham Lydecker, Mr. Murphy and Julius Visser. A like number of civil prisoners are held by the United States as hostages for the above, subject to exchange. The fiver Turners, Wybert and Peacock, ordered released from Richmond on the 8th instant, have not been heard from.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, July 25, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The following-named prisoners of war profess that they are loyal men and urgently request that they may not be forced to go back to the Confederate States as prisoners of war, but be permitted to take the oath of allegiance and remain, viz: James Wilson, gunner; James Waters, third assistant engineer; Virginius Cherry, carpenter (these three men say that the oath of allegiance was administered to them on board the gun-boat Rhode Island during the passage from New Orleans); Theodore Holt, third assistant engineer; B. Dart, lieutenant, Louisiana volunteer artillery; R. Silk Texas volunteers; B. F. Head, sergeant, Seventh Virginia Volunteers.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, July 25, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

All the prisoners of war fit to travel were sent to Alton, Ill., on the 19th instant. There remains here in hospital 105, and 25 convalescent and new arrivals.

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 25, 1862.

Mr. STIRLING,

In Charge of Commissary-General's Office, Detroit, Mich.:

I inclose a copy* of instructions sent by me to Captain Freedley which I wish that you would copy in the book and submit to the inspection of Colonel Hoffman the moment he arrives as he may desire to make essential changes in them. I wish that you would look at the list of the names of prisoners sent to this post during the month of June which was forwarded to Colonel Hoffman but a short time (a few days before I left Detroit) since. It was sent as a sub-voucher to the monthly return. The number of names on it should be 197. If this is

---------------

* Omitted here; Lazelle to Freedley, July 20, p. 249.

---------------

