
NASHVILLE, July 26, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

In the exchange of prisoners reported soon to take place all Tennessee prisoners who are not willing to take the oath of allegiance and enter into bonds, &amp;c., should be exchanged first, and if there should be any left I hope they will be at once released upon taking the oath, &c., and permitted to return to their homes. I hope the Tennessee prisoners will be held up for the last, except those who are deserving of being sent back to the rebel army. Let them go. The expense and burden of the rebellion must be felt by rebels. I wish the commanding general of this department would issue an order like that recently issued by General Pope, which is universally approved by the Unionists of Tennessee. We have all come to the conclusion here that treason must be made odious and traitors punished and impoverished. I am doing the best I can.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 26, 1862.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, Fredericksburg:

General Orders, Numbers 11, directing arrest of all disloyal citizens, and to which you refer in your dispatch of this morning, has been sent to you by the boat which left this morning. Do not act until you shall have received the official order.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, July 26, 1862.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, Fredericksburg, Va.:

I wish another person arrested and sent here to replace Mr. Barton who has been paroled on medical certificate of infirmity from old age.

JNO POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, [July 26,] 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON;

I returned this afternoon from Harrison's Landing. The meeting at Aiken's took place yesterday. Mr. Ould, a private citizen and late district attorney at Washington, is the agent of the Confederates. General McClellan will send Colonel Key on Monday to meet Mr. Ould and explain the cause of delay in making out the rolls. General Franklin is not very well. It is thought important and General Halelck concurs that Colonel Key should be able to say to Mr. Ould on Monday that transports have been ordered to Fort Delaware to receive the Halleck has just left for Washington.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

19 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

