
than have been heretofore adopted. The allowing of bands of guerrillas to encamp in the neighborhood without giving information of the fact, the firing upon pickets, the feeding fact, the firing upon pickets, the feeding of parties who are hiding from our forces and the carrying of information to and from the enemy have become matters of daily occurrence. It is therefore ordered-

II. That any neighborhood, town or village that allows marauding bands or guerrillas to remain or camp near them without immediately sending word to the nearest military post will be levied upon, and a certain portion of the property of all known sympathizers of this rebellion than can be used by the U. S. forces, to be determined by the commander of the division, will be taken, and the citizens will be held personally responsible for the acts of the band. Where pickets are fired into the sympathizers of the rebellion being near the place will be arrested and held until the guilty party is brought to fight, and when any injury is done the picket there will be assessed upon the disloyal citizens living near the place an amount not exceeding $10,000, as the commanding general may determine.

III. Citizens who encourage returned soldiers and deserters to hide in the woods and form bands to return to the rebel army will be arrested and held responsible for all depredations committed by these bands; and when it comes to the knowledge of any of the commanders of posts of this command that returned soldiers or deserters are lurking about, hiding and not coming forward as required they will arrest and hold for hostage the nearest disloyal relative to the soldier, such person to be held as hostage till the soldier delivers himself or is delivered up.

IV. Any person, white or black, free or slave, who brings reliable information of guerrilla bands, marauding parties and of citizens who are breaking any provisions of this order, which information proving to be of benefit to the U. S. forces, will receive a liberal reward. If a slave he will be guaranteed against receiving punishment for bringing such information.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge;

GEO. M. REEDER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 26, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: The inclosed* requisition of Captain A. A. Gibson, Second Artillery, commanding at Fort Delaware, for a safe and asking the erection of a bakery is respectfully referred to you. The case of the bake-house ought to be paid out of the savings of the prisoners' rations.

A safe if provided should be paid for in the same way.

By order:

E. S. SIBLEY,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, and Deputy Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 27, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS.

GENERAL: You will please act as agent for the exchange of prisoners of war on the part of the United States under the agreement between Major-General Dix and Major-General Hill.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

