
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant in regard to the reported confinement in irons of Captain D. Walker, lately commanding the steamer Theodora. In reply I have the honor to state that I have no information in regard to this matter but will at once forward a copy of your letter to the War Department, with the request that the facts in the case may be made known to me and I will promptly acquaint you with the answer to my inquiry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 14. Sperrvylle, Va., July 27, 1862.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 11, from Headquarters Army of Virginia, the provost-marshal of the First Corps d'Armee, assisted by the provost-marshal of divisions and independent brigades, will immediately proceed to have arrested all male inhabitants within and near the lines of this corps. He will send to these headquarters the names of all such persons, with their age, occupation and place of residence, who are unwilling to take the oath of allegiance to be disposed of by the commander of the corps. A list of the persons arrested who have taken the oath of those who have refused to do so has to be filed in the office of the assistant adjutant-general of the corps.

By command of Major General F. Sigel:

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 27, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,

Harrison's Landing, Va.:

Transports have been ordered to Fort Delaware to convey the prisoners of war to Aiken's. By direction of the President I have been appointed agent of the United States for the exchange of prisoners under the agreement between Generals Dix and Hill. I shall accompany the prisoners from Fort Delaware.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, July 27, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Ten of the prisoners who escaped on the evening of the 23rd have been recaptured, and one, a lad named Charles Ellis, Twen-

