
fewer kettles. We are thus, comparatively speaking, wholly destitute of anything to eat our victuals with and wretchedly supplied with anything to cook them with. To-day requisitions have been made out for these much-needed articles which we fain hope and expect will be furnished to us. Since our first sight of Nashville we have been fed on empty promised for which we have no more appetite, and owing to the uncertainties which surround our future disposition very few if any of us have received any word from home.

In making these statements to you we do not mean to make an unsoldierly or whining complaint to you over what we have suffered but it must be remembered that-those who would have attended to our wants and not suffered us to be trampled upon are now lyin in Southern prisons, and now it does appear to us we have none who care for us further than to make so many stepping stones of us for their own promotion to office.

We make these statements to you that you may understand our situation and if you think necessary take such steps as you see proper under the circumstances, and that whatever our rights may be we may have them, that our parole may be respected and we not driven to the alternative of vilating our consciene by perjury or suffering as mutineers. Very many of us would consider ourselves released from the parole if discharged and would either join the old or enter the new regiments, while all would make this preferable to being scattered to different places and duties, under officers we know not and who care not for us.

Form of parole.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 23, 1862.

I do hereby solemnly swear and pledge my most sacred word of honor that I will not during the existing war between the Confederate States and the United States of America bear arms of said Confederate States or their friends, either directly or indirectly in any form whatsover, until regularly exchanged or released.

Parole given at Macon, Ga.

I do solemnly swear that I will not take up arms against the Confederate States of America or form any alliance to defeat them until regularly exchanged or otherwise honorably discharged.

Given and sworn to May 24, 1862.

Names and signers to the above statement: A. B. Smith, Company A, in behalf of 18 men; T. F. Greenlee, Company G, in behalf of 15 men; Sumner Smith, Company K, in behalf of 27 men; David S. Fuller, Company B; Jacob L. Tinkhan, Company D, in behalf of 36 men; Norman Sloan, Company F; Edward Young, for and in behalf of 26 men, Company B; John Pruitt, for and in behalf of 8 men, Company I; William Kirkpatrick, for and in behalf of 31 men, Company H; Gideon McHenry, Company C, in behalf of 32 men.

P. S. - I have been authorized to add that Companies E and K have never yet received any pay from the Government. The other companies have been paid up to the 31st of December, 1861.

GIDEON McHENRY.

JULY 13, 1862.

Necessity compels us, the undersigned, this Sabbath evening to state to you that we have orders this evening from General Schofield to be fully armed and equipped so that we can relieve the Twenty-third Missouri, now on duty. Guards to be detailed this evening to report at

