
I have always considered a parole honorable for any prisoner to take, at least most people think so when lying in Southern prisons nearly naked and their flesh raw from the effect of vermin.

But the officers here and at Nashville act as though differently. We have been treated but little better since our release than we were while in the South. We have not had much over half-rations and these of the poorest quality, having sour bread and rotten meat.

This remark is not entirely applicable to our treatment here for it is some better.

I have now given you an indefinite idea of our condition, and if you cannot, at least write me, with your advise with regard to our duty as paroled prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. HAZLETT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 28, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington.

SIR: In obedience to your telegraphic dispatch I visited Benton Barracks, Mo., and respectfully report as follows:

On the 14th instant a petition was made by the paroled prisoners and on the 19th instant General Halleck decided as follows:

Paroled prisoners of war must do guard, police and fatigue duty in their own camps. This is not military duty in the belligerent sense of that word; it is simply for their own order, cleanliness and comfort and is not in violation of any parole not to bear against the enemy till exchanged.

Since this announcement there has been no trouble, and had it not been for the adjutant-general of Iowa telegraphis and writing I think there would have been but little trouble. I called all officers and enlisted men together who had copies of their paroles. The paroles forbid the men bearing arms against the Confederate States, or aiding or abetting their enemies or friends directly or indirectly until regularly exchanged or released. One parole forbade the use of any information acquired against said Confederate States, and one other forbade the serving in any capacity the Army of the United States. Some of the prisoners were opposed to doing anything, even to policing their own quarters and premises, while others were willing to do anything not considered violation, of their parole.

General Halleck's decision appeared to settle the matter and now there is no trouble. In order that the views of the Department might be known I handed your dispatch to General McKean to read, and will furnish him with a copy. I explained to the paroled prisoners that the concentration of them at camps of instructions was for the purpose of feeding, clothing, mustering and paying them and have them property accounted for an in readiness for an exchange, and not with the view of ordering them to take the field or take up arms against the Southern Confederacy. I conversed with them freely, asked them many questions and replied to all their inquires, and they left my presence apparently contended and satisfied to do what was required of them for their own order, health and comfort. I told them they would not be required to violate their parole by either the Government or its agents.,

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Assistant Inspector-General.

