
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 17, 1862.

RICHARD BATES, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant asking if an exchange can be made between J. Steward Wilson, of Company F, and Thomas Bruce, of Company d, both of the First Maryland Regiment (loyal), captured at Strasburg, Va., and John H. Pleasants and John Morris, Jr. (rebels), captured at Fort Donelson, has been received, and in reply the Secretary of War directs me to say that recently an arrangement was made for a general exchange of all prisoners of war, but its fulfillment has been delayed by the had faith of the insurgent authorities. The subject, however, is still engaging the earnest attention of the Department which will continue its efforts for the release of all our citizens now held as prisoners of war until end shall be accomplished; but as the release of the great body of these can only be effected by some system for a general exchange which is ore likely to be adopted if special exchanges are not made the Secretary in justice to all is obliged to decline taking any action at present in the cases you present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, June 17, 1862.

The supervision of prisoners of war sent by generals commanding in the field to posts or camps prepared for their reception is placed entirely under Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, who is subject only to the orders of the War Department. All matters in relation to prisoners will pass through him.

He will establish regulations for issuing clothing to prisoners, and will directs the manner in which all funds arising from the saving of rations at prisons hospitals or otherwise shall be accounted for and disbursed by the regular disbursing officers of the department in providing under existing regulations such articles as may be absolutely necessary for the welfare of the prisoners.

He will select positions for camps for prisoners (or prison camps) and will cause plants and estimates for necessary buildings to be prepared and submitted to the Quartermaster-General upon whose approval they will be erected by the officers of the Quartermaster's Department.

He will if practicable visit the several prison camps once a month.

Loyal citizens who may be found among the prisoners of war confined of false accusations or through mistake may lay their cases before the commissary-general of prisoners, who will submit them to the Adjutant-General.

The commissary-general of prisoners is authorized to grant paroles to prisoners on the recommendation of the medical officer attending the prison in case of extreme illness but under no other circumstance.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

