
honor to inclose for your approval requisitions* for prisoners' clothing. The quartermaster at this place has on hand a sufficient supply. I inclose seven certificates* for parole and discharge. These include several particular cases made out at my requst of perfectly harmless prisoners. Two have lost their arms, two are insane and several are ifiotic. The prisoners are greatly in want of clothing. I inclose the application* for release by reason of a former parole of a prisoner of the name of Vincent. The case has been referred to me, as you will observe, or I should not trouble you with it at present at least.

In reply to your letter of the 15th instant, in which you wish to know how many prisoners were on parole in the city of Columbus when I arrived here and how many are on parole now, I inclose a statement* comprehending these points. I have informed Governor Tod of your request that all prisoners in this city be returned to Camp Chase expect the two who fear violence by reason of their communications. As yet he had not complied with your request.

With the highest regard, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, U. S. ARMY,

Indianapolis, Ind., July 28, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a bill+ for Concinnati Commericial furnished prisoners of war by order of Colonel Rose, commandant at cap. I did not think that the account was an allowable one, although I am of the opinion that the paper man should be paid. This expenditure has been stopped, as it should be, but this vill stands, and I not feeling authorized to approve it most respectfully refer it to headquarters.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 29, 1862.

Major-General DIX:

Adjutant-General Thomas will take theprisoners to be exchanged from Fort Delaware, stopping at Fortress Monroe. He will consult with you respecting the course to be taken with the prisoners referred to in your telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 29, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: In exchanging prisoners I beg to direct your attention specially to the following classes:

1. The Texas troops capture by Van Dorn and others.

2. Telegraphic operators, of whom several are held as prisoners.

---------------

* Not found.

+ Omitted.

---------------

