
3. Hospital assistants and private persons who were in attendance upon the sick and wounded in hospitals, among whom are Felix Brunot, esq., of Pittsburg, and his assistants, taken at Savage [Station] Hospital. We released a great number of surgeons unconditionally recently under the assurance that such persons should not be held as prisoners.

4. Persons who decline to be exchanged, citizens of Norther States, aliens who wish to remain in the North, &amp;c. In respect to these you will observe such directions as may be given by the General-in-Chief.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

P. S. - Arrange in making up your first exchange to leave behind the fourth class if there be enough of the others to be exchanged for all of our troops held as prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 29, 1862.

Governor WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM, Norwich, Conn.:

Why should men of such comparative insignificance as Colonel K. be rigorously dealt with when the conspicious personable named in your letter* of the 18th instant has as stated therein so little influence that you do not think it advisable to take any further notice of him? Colonel K. was doubtless encouraged by his example and it is neither just nor wise to seize small criminals while large ones are permitted to do the same acts with impunity. Besides the colonel's offense seems much less flagrant than that of the other.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 29, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army, Fort Warren, Boston:

The eight or nine prisoners referred to and those who have taken the oath of allegiance will not be sent to Fort Monroe. Parole Major Granbury, of Texas, that he may attend his wife while having a surgical operations performed at Baltimore, then to report to General Wool, in Baltimore. Modify Colonel Kane's parole so as to read as follows:

Not to commit any hostile or injurious act against the Government of the United States by word or deed, nor to communicate in any form any person on the subject of politics or the war.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 29, 1862.

Colonel DIMICK, U. S. Army, Fort Warren, Boston:

Henry Myers will be embarked with the prisonersof war and General. DIx informed before the transport reaches Fort Monroe if he is to be exchanged.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

