
[Inclosure.]

BEAUREPORT, July 27, 1862.

Honorable EDWARD STANLEY, Military Governor of North Carolina.

DEAR SIR: I am arrested and in the guard-house for some cause and detained from my business. Will you, if your please, see General Foster or whoever tends to this case and let me know the charges and penalty, as my vessel is laying on expenses and I can't attend to everything. The marshal is not here. He has gone to Swansborough and has been gone three days, and I don't know the charges preferred against me; but I pledge my word and honor I have not said or done anything against the Government in any way to my knowledge. Every gentleman here knows me and I don't think any of them would say I have said or done anything against the Government. I may have been arguing some point and somebody mistook my words or misrepresented them for some cause or other. Please attend and let me know the charges and penalty.

From your humble servant,

JOSEPH HARTICK,

Commander of Schooner Velasco, of new York.

PHILADELPHIA, July 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just searched the house of a lady named Emley, who has four women at work making clothing for secesh prisoners. She does not deny it. Says her sympathies are with them. There are other parties connected with her. I found two letters addressed to her from Captain Gibson, commander Fort Delaware, thanking her for her kindness. What shall I do with the parties? Strong feeling here against such parties. It iperates against recruiting.

WILLIAM MILLWARD,

U. S. Marshal.

Answer by telegram as I have an officer upon the premises.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 30, 1862.

WILLIAM MILLWARD, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Philadelphia:

Send the two letters to this Department. Mistress Emley must be permitted to exercise her charity by supplying clothing or other necessaries or comforts to those who are sick or in prison.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, July 30, 1862.

C. P. WOLCOTT, Assistant Secretary of War:

Mr. Cridge is here with Miss Boyd as prisoners. What shall be done with her?

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

