
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, U. S. Army,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 16th instant the Secretary of War desires that General Pettigrew, Colonel Hanson and all the other prisoners of war now in Baltimore on parole be sent without delay to Fort Delaware and there confined.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Lincoln, June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from Colonel Key, one of my aides-de-camp, giving the substance of a conversation with General Howell Cobb. The subject is interesting and I would be glad to have it laid before the President. The letter should be regarded as confidential.

I would be glad to learn the wishes of the Government in regard to a general exchange. I am inclined to think that a satisfactory cartel can be made. You will observe General Cobb's views on the subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Lincoln, before Richmond, Va., June 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General McClellan to report to you the substance of an interview held on yesterday by me with the Honorable Howell Cobb, now acting as a brigadier-general in the rebel army at Richmond. I was ordered to proceed with a flag of truce to the bridge crossing the Chickahominy, upon the Mechanicsville road, where I would be met by General Cobb at 11 a. m. for the purpose of a conference in regard to an exchange of prisoners, my instructions being to learn the views of the rebel Government and report them to General McClellan, making arrangements for a second meeting. I also received permission to converse with General Cobb upon the general subject of the existing contest, informing him, however, that all such conversation was purely personal and not in any respect of an official or representative character. I went to the place appointed and there was met upon the bridge by General Cobb. We availed ourselves as suggested by General McClellan of the shelter of a little hut made by our pickets a few feet from the bridge and talked together for several hours, the conversation being carried on chiefly by him.

In regard to the exchange of prisoners he exhibited written authority from General R. E. Lee, the commander of the whole Army of the Confederate States, giving him full power to make any convention on the subject as to any or all prisoners of war whether captured.

He expressed a readiness to make an agreement embracing all prisoners now held by either side, or one including only those taken by the

