
WAR DEPARTMENT, July 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHITE, Winchester, Va.:

Direct Cridge to come immediately to Washington and bring with him Belle Boyd in close custody, committing her on arrival to the Old Capitol Prison. Furnish him such aid as he may need to get her safely here.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PORTOMAC,Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 30, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication from General R. E. Lee,* dated the 21st instant, in regard to the alleged arrest and imprisonment of citizens of the rebel States who have refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. I also inclose copies of reports from Major William H. Wood, acting provost-marshal-general, and Major Dix. In addition to these reports I respectfully state that so far as my knowledge extends no transactions of the nature alleged have taken place in this army.

I have the honor to request that these papers may be laid before the War Department for its consideration and that the Department will furnish me with such information as to the facts and its view in the premises as will enable me to reply to General Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 23, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 22nd instant inquiring "if during the progress of this army in Virginia any citizens of Virginia engaged in peaceful avocations have been arrested by this Department and imprisoned on the ground of refusal to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, or having been imprisoned for other causes have been refused release on the ground of declining to take the oath of allegiance," I have the honor to state that to my knowledge no citizens have been arrested on that ground only nor have any citizens been refused release on the same ground.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WOOD,

Major Seventeenth Infantry, Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 28, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: I have received yours of the 23d, inclosing a copy of a letter from General R. E. Lee, stating that "citizens engaged in peaceful

---------------

* Omitted here; Lee to McClellan, July 21, p. 251.

---------------

