
avocations have been arrested and imprisoned because they refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, while others by hard and harsh treatment have been compelled to take an oath not to bear arms against that Government. " He adds, "I have learned that about 100 of the latter class have been released from Fortress Monroe. "

In reply to the inquiry of the major-general commanding how far these allegations are sustaine by actual occurrences I have the honor to state-

1. I have no knowledge that any citizen has been arrested and imprisoned for refusing to take the oath of allegiance. I do not believe any such case has occurred in my command. If so it was without my authority and without my knowledge. All prisoners are sent to Fort Wool and their cases are personally examined by me, and it is not at all probable that any such case would have escaped my scrutiny.

2. In regard to the "100" prisoners released from Fortress Monroe I can speak positively. The prisoners alluded to were confined at Fort Wool. Their "treatment" was neither "hard" nor "harsh. " They were not "compelled" to take any oath at all. In fact they took no oath. The number of prisoners released was ninety-three.

Nearly all of them were taken during the change of position made by the army from the Chickahominy to the James River. I examined their cases myself, having gone to Fort wool two days for the purpose. Several of them wrote notes to me before I went there asking to be released on their parole of honor not to do any act of hostility to the United States during the continuance of the war. I inclose the form of the parole given by them and of the certificate which each one received. No one object to the parole. On the contrary it was solicited by many and given with cheerfulness by the others. I did not speak to every one myself but I did speak either to each one or to some one who responded for him.

These prisoners as well as the prisoners of war at Fort Wool were treated with all possible kindness. They had the same food which was provided for our own men and no effort was spared to make them comfortable.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

FORT WOOL, ---, 1862.

The bearer, --- ---, of ---, having give the following parole, is discharged from custody.

By order of Major-General Dix:

--- ---.

FORT WOOL, ---, 1862.

I, --- ---, of ---, do hereby give my parole of honor that I will do no act of hostility to the United States and that I will give no information, aid or comfort to their enemies during the existing war.

--- ---.

In presence of-

--- ---.

FORT MONROE, July 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Wool sent here to-day sixty prisoners without any letter or explanation of any sort. On examining them I found forty to be pris-

