
oners of war and sent them to Fort Wool to wait General Thomas' arrival. The other twenty were political prisoners and I declined to receive them. There is no place here for political prisoners. Fort Wool is so crowded now that our men are in the way of the engineers, who are going on with work.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Professor Brooks, of Maryland, who will hand you this note, was presented to me while I was in Baltimore as a true Union man. His son has been sent here for exchange. I do not consider him a subject for exchange as he is not in the rebel service and he is very averse to returning to Virginia. I have therefore sent him back to Baltimore as there is not room here for political prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, July 30, 1862.

Mrs. Jane C. Beach and daughter, Mrs. Spooner, having made application for the remission of the order sending Madam Dubois to Ship Island her sentence is revoked and she may be discharged upon the express condition, however, thus: Madam Dubois shall not in any way give aid or information to the Confederate States or in any way interfere with the schools at the corner of Robertson and Bienville streets.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, July 30, 1862.

Major SIDELL, Headquarters, Nashville:

What troops are at Clarksvilleand what numbers? Refer the subject of political prisoners to Governor Johnson and get his views about sending them North and act upon them.

JAMES B. FRY,Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, July 30, 1862.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington.

GENERAL: In view of the probability of arrangements being effected by the Department of War for a general exchange of prisoners I respectfully ask for instructions which will cover the cases of prisoners who do not wish to be exchanged. I have numerous written communications from prisoners who state that they entered the rebel service unwillingly; some through fear of being drafted, some to escape from actual imprisonment and some from the impossibility of finding any other employment. Others and principally those whose homes are now

