
within our lines while they do not claim to have been forced to take up arms, yet profess to be tired of the rebellion now and desire to return to their loyalty and their homes. I would be grateful to have information which will enable me to make the proper answers to these numerous inquiries and to know whether time will be allowed to those whose cases I have described to substantiate their statements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Regiment Illinois Vols., Commanding Post.

CAMP CHASE, Columbus, Ohio July 30, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that on the day of my arrival at this place I directed Mr. Stirling to telegraph to Captain Freedley to whatever point he might be that he should await instructions at Alton, Ill. I did this that he should not fail to receive at that place your orders to him given by you to me and mailed to himon the evening of the day of my arrival here, directed to Alton. After the telegram had been sent I feared that he would misinterpret it to mean that he should at once proceed to Alton, and acting on this would not receive at Springfield the instructions sent to him at that point on the 20th instant from your office relative to his duties at Alton. I consequently wrote to the commanding officer at Springfield that he should send to Captain Freedley all official communications without delay in case he had gone to Alton. I have no doubt but that through these means his instructions have all reached him. I have informed the Governor of your wish relative to recalling of all paroles give to prisoners allowing them the limits of the city of Columbus. He has not yet acted upon it. I inclose the corrected return* of prisoners for June, 1862, which I believe is now correct.

I am, colonel, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FREDERICKSBURG, July 30, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have in my possession the most positive proof that Mr. Slaughter, of this place, is the channel through which the Confederate mail reaches Richmond. Other charges of the most outrageous character can be proven. He is a dangerous man to be at liberty at this time and place. Shall I arrest him?

L. C. BAKER.

FORT DELAWARE, July 30, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

SIR: I have the honor to state for Brigadier-General Pettigrew, C. S. Army, prisoners of war, that in consequence of a wound in the shoulder his right arm has become paralyzed. He request that you permit him to go to Baltimore on parole to have the advantage of the application

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

