
of a galvanic battery to it, promising to report at Fortress Monroe at such times as you may designate. Being unable to go unattended he desires that I be permitted to accompany him on a similar parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BARROLL WASHINGTON,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp, C. S. Army, Prisoners of War.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 30, 1862.

This application cannot be granted.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 31, 1862.

L. C. BAKER, Police Agent, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

General King has received instructions to arrest Slaughter if the information you send is correct. See General King and give him the necessary information.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Department of Norther Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have been apprised that the prisoners of war in our hands confined at Fort Warren will leave that place to-day for the James River on the steamer Ocean Queen. The prisoners from Fort Delaware are expected here within a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. B. McCLELLAN,]

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT DELAWARE, July 31, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington:

The prisoners of war are being embarked and two of the steamers will be ready this evening but may not sail before early to-morrow. The Atlantic had to go to Philadelphia for coal and may not return to the fort before night. everything, however, is in readiness. Upward of 3,000 will be embarked. I leave 40 sick and 301 who will take the oath of allegiance. I found it necessary to separate the latter from the rebels. A number of them say they would be shot if exchanged. A number of them desire to enter our service. I shall, take the little steamer, Henry Burden, which can be spared, and she will be very useful to me on the James River.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT DELAWARE, July 31, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding, &c.

GENERAL: On the arrival of the steamer Atlantic you are requested to have the prisoners of war, some 1,200, transferred to vessel of lighter

