
draft to proceed up the James River. I leave this place some time to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 31, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

(For Adjutant-General Thomas.)

Henry Myers, paymaster of rebel steamer Sumter, was sent with prisoners of war from Boston. Secretary of States says: "Though not properly a prisoner of war question had better not be raised and let him be exchanged. "

I have sent you rolls from Delaware and this city yesterday and from Sandusky, Camp Morton, Fort Columbus, Saint Louis and Fort Warren to-day.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., July 31, 1862.

Brigadier General J. K. F. MANSFIELD, Commanding at Suffolk, Va.

GENERAL: There are no Springfield rifled muskets at this post and I doubt very much whether there are any at Washington. There is nothing here but Austrian rifles and our own smooth-bores. I do not think the oath of allegiance should be exacted from the people living in Suffolk or in the surrounding country. Our hold upon it, considering the very large force which the enemy has at Richmond and at Petersburg, must be regarded as uncertain and precarious. If we should be compelled to retire the persons who took the oath of allegiance would be subject to retire the persons who took the oath of allegiance would be subject to persecution by the insurgents and would very likely be stripped of their property. They certainly would if the oath were voluntarily given, and if it were extorted from them it would not be considered as binding. I think therefore it should not be exacted except from persons exercising official trusts. If private citizens misbehave themselves they should be punished by imprisonment and if suspected of disloyalty they should be compelled to give their parole of honor not to render aid or comfort or furnish information to the enemy during the continuance of the war. I consulted General Halleck on the subject when he was here a few days ago and he concurs with me fully. It is unnecessary to add that if a parole is given and violated the punishment shall be exemplary.

I have asked for a regiment of cavalry for you and I shall continue to urge the application until it is granted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 231. New Orleans, July 31, 1862.

It having come to the knowledge of the commanding general that the Commercial Bulletin newspaper was conducted by Captain Seymour, a

