
reply except a verbal message requesting General Hindman not to send so many flags of truce.

The list of prisoners has been receipted, copy kept here, and they returned to duty, not having been paroled.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., July 31, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a report of Major F. F. Flint concerning the escape of thirty-six prisoners of war from the military prison at Alton, Ill. nothing is said to show that all proper precautions were taken to discover the preparation of the means of escape, nor is it explained how so many men could pass so near the sentinel without detection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 9, 1862.

The escape of these prisoners was the result I think of carelessness. I advise that a court of inquiry be ordered. None but the President can order it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 20, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

A court of inquiry is directed by order of the President.

EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Alton, Ill., July 26, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I regret to report the escape of some thirty-six prisoners from this prison last night. They effected their escape through a hole or long trench dug under the wall on the west side and coming to the surface some six or eight feet from it and not far from the end of the sentinel's post. he hole was first discovered by the sentinel at daylight. A thorough examination was made of the interior of the prison to find the opening on the inside. No place in the vicinity of the wall could be found. At length upon examining the interior of the buildings, sheds, &amp;c., the opening was discovered on top of an old pile of brick masonry, some twenty inches or two feet beneath the roof of the shed, which has been used as a wash-house by the prisoners. There was no dirt or other indications of the digging visible on entering the shed, and the hole was found by climbing upon the masonry, where the dirt was packed away closely between the top and the roof of the shed.

