
Please see that this order is carried out. Your report of the 25th instant is very satisfactory and the measures you have taken are approved. The estimate for clothing must be referred to the Quartermaster-General. It is expected that an exchange of prisoners of war will be made immediately and I have to-day given orders that rolls be made out immediately for this purpose. The roll should embrace the military alone and should include those absent on paroles. If there are any soldiers not belonging to a regular organization they should be put on a roll by themselves. Please see that this roll is made out without delay and that the rolls heretofore called for this office are prepared at once. The duplicate for the War Department I telegraphed from Washington to be sent to the Adjutant-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT PICKERING, Memphis, Tenn., July 31, 1862.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN.

SIR: On the 30th day of June, 1862, five men and myself of Company A, fort-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers Infantry, were captured by Jackson's cavalry and the men are still held. I have been paroled for sixty days to try to procure an exchange for myself and fellow-prisoners. There are thirty-seven enlisted men held with me at Grenada. General Villepigue proposes to release us if we will procure a like number of their men and deliver them up. I am anxious that the arrangement may be made, and if not compatible with your duty to furnish the men to make the exchange I should be happy to have you refer the matter to those who might act in the matter.

Respectfully, yours,

J. W. HEATH,

Captain Company A, Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[First indorsement.]

Captain Heath will have to call on Colonel Hoffman, superintendent of prisoners of war, Detroit, Mich., to effect this exchange.

U. D. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

August 27, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General L. Thomas, commissioner for exchange of prisoners of war. The address of Captain Heath is Van Wert, Van Wert County, Ohio.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT DELAWARE, July 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The conduct of Lieutenant Wood, of Fort Lafayette, toward me while a prisoner at that place has induced me to address you the following facts:

Upon my arrival at Fort Lafayette, June 11, 1862, I was required to deliver into the hands of Lieutenant Wood all articles of value in my

