
possession (for which he gave no receipt). Among other things I delivered to him my money, which consisted of $75 gold and 10 shillings silver (English), also a small Colt revolver which as a present I valued very highly. I was assured that all would be returned to me upon my departure. When I left Fort Lafeyette I was given to understand that my money and pistol, would be transferred to the officer in whose charge I should leave the fort. I am now informed by Captain Gibson, of this fort, that he received my money in bank notes, which in New York were at least 7 per cent, below the value of gold and which to me are almost valueless. The pistol he did not receive at all. I am satisfied that this unjust conduct was wholly unauthorized and therefore feel justified in bringing it to your notice. As I am soon to be exchanged I will not be able to receive any communication which you may see fit tomake upon the subject. I therefore respectfully request that any such communication be addressed to Mr. W. Sanders, Fort Delaware, who will attend to it in my behalf.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ALBERT O. STONE,

Ex-Master Schooner Rebecca.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 1, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore:

It is stated by General Dix that sixty prisoners were sent from your command yesterday to Fort Monroe "without any letter or explanation of any sort" and that twenty of them are political prisoners. You will please report to this Department why and by whom the prisoners were sent forward without explanation or information to General Dix and also by whose direction any political prisoners were sent to Fort Monroe. You will send a list of their names by mail and a statement of the time when and by whose order they were arrested and why they are held as prisoners. If sent back by General Dix you will keep them until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 1, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

(Care of Major General John A. Dix, Fortress Monroe.)

Please bear in mind to secure the exchange of General Prentiss.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

(Same to care of General McClellan.)

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A large number of rebel prisoners beg of me to protect them against an unconditional exchange. They are yet liable to military duty to the rebels and wish to avoid it. Is there any way to relieve them?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

21 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

