
Those in arms not regularly in the said service are guerrillas to be held for trial by a military commission. You will forward all prisoners of the first class hereto, with statement of company, regiment, State, rank, when and where taken. The last class will be sent hereto with charges and specifications of the various acts and the same statement as that which should accompany the first class.

* * * * *

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

[H. L. McCONNEL,]

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

FORT DELAWARE, August 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have been impelled by the conduct of Lieutenant Wood at Fort Lafayette to address the following letter to Captain A. A. Gibson under date 30th ultimo:

SIR: I do not desire to trouble you about our vexed pecuniary affairs further than my sense of right and justice impels me. Will you please state below that you received no gold from Lieutenant Wood, of Fort Lafayette, for me?

Yours, respectfully,

B. W. SANDERS.

To this note the captain sent the following answer:

FORT DELAWARE, July 30, 1862.

The account rendered for money in trust for Mr. B. w. Sanders makes no specification of its kind except that it was "good money," nor have I gold sufficient to pay it in coin.

A. A. GIBSON,

Captain, Second Artillery.

In making the above statement I desire to call your attention to the fact that when I was imprisoned in Fort Lafayette I delivered up my portemonnaie upon the desire of Lieutenant Wood. He asked me how much money it contained. I replied, $77; $70 in gold, $5 in a Pennsylvania bank note and the rest in change. He did not open the purse before me, but place that, with my watch, upon the table and ordered the sergeant to conduct us to our quarters. I asked him for a receipt. He replied that it was not necessary to give one. This conversation occurred in the presence of the lieutenant who carried us over from Fort Hamilton on the 10th or 11th of July. The next day all the prisoners were transferred to this post together with a list of their deposits. I was mentioned as having $66. 94 in "good money," as stated by Captain Gibson. On delivering up our funds to-day Captain Gibson paid me off in bank bills, mostly on the city of Delaware. I desire to know by what authority Lieutenant Wood substituted paper money in lieu of gold, particularly when it was worth in new York 17 to 18 per cent. and from 75 to 100 per cent. in the South, and I feel sure he has acted in violation of his duties. He had no right to touch my money as I gave no order on him whilst under his charge, yet the amount falls short by $10, and the residue is returned in "good money. " I had several strange coins that I had collected in Europe and the West Indies and though not of much value yet greatly prized by me. I can prove that all of my money was in gold by the officers on board the Princeton, and particularly the steward or by Acting Master Rogers, of the Bienville, who was prize officer on board the Morning Star.

