
Mine is not an individual case as there are others in the same predicament. I trust that you will take this affair under consideration and make Lieutenant Wood give an account of dealings with me.

Yours, respectfully,

B. W. SANDERS.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 2, 1862.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

Governor of Tennessee, Nashville:

The following dispatch just received from the custodian of the prisoners at Indianapolis, viz:

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There are at Camp Morton from 1,000 to 1,200 prisoners who want to take the oath of allegiance and protest against being exchanged. What rule will be adopted in their case? They are principally Tennesseeans.

JAS A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster.

In the temporary absence of the Secretary of War I take the liberty of inquiring what course you advise in regard to these prisoners.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 2, 1862.

Governor TODD, Columbus, Ohio:

None of the prisoners who are willing to take the oath of allegiance and who will evidently abide by it in good faith will be exchanged.

By order of the Secretary of War;

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY,Near Richmond, Va., August 2, 1862.

GENERAL COMMANDING U. S. ARMY, Washington.

GENERAL: On the 29th of June last I was instructed by the Secretary of War to inquire* of Major-General McClellan as to the truth of alleged murders committed on our citizens by officers of the U. S. Army. The cases of William B. Munford, reported to have been murdered at New Orleans by order of Major General B. F. Butler, and Colonel John L. Owen, reported to have been murdered in Missouri by order of Major-General Pope, were those referred to. I have the honor to be informed by Major-General McClellan that he had referred these inquiries to his Government for a reply. No answer has as yet been received. The President of the Confederate States has since been credibly informed that numerous other officers of the Army of the United States within the Confederacy have been guilty of felonies and capital offenses which are punishable by all laws human and divine.

I am directed by him to bring to your notice a few of these best authenticated. Newspapers received from the United States announce as a fact that Major-General Hunter has armed slaves for the murder

---------------

* See p. 134.

---------------

