
Ana, from which place his communications were forwarded to General Sibley at Fort Bliss. As the result of the proposition then made the officers and soldiers mentioned in the inclosed order* were exchanged for a like number of Confederate prisoners. Captain Stivers, Seventh Infantry, was included in the proposals for exchange for the reason that his company is serving in this country, and if my recommendation for the transfer of these companies to the East should not have been approved I request that he may be ordered to join his company in New Mexico. At my instance Assistant Surgeons McKee and Alden, paroled at the surrender of Major Lynde's command, have been released from the obligations of their paroles for a like number of medical officers of the Confederate Army now on duty with their prisoners in this department. I inclose herewith a return* of the prisoners of war taken in this department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

EDW. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Department.

JUNE 21, 1862.

NOTE. -This report has been delayed in the hope of making the return of prisoners more complete, but it is still imperfect, as some of the officers in charge of prisoners neglected to note the companies and regiments to which they belonged and the information cannot now be obtained.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,June 17, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: In reply to your request for a report in the case of J. C. Gunnell, confined in the Old Capitol Prison, I have the honor to state that he was arrested on the application in writing of thirty-one well-known Union citizens of Fairfax County.

Mr. Gunnell at the outbreak of the rebellion was the acting sheriff of that county, and was perhaps the most active influential secessionist in the county. He was particularly obnoxious to the Union men, and it is charged that he was instrumental in procuring several to be arrested and others to be driven from the county. Having fled on the approach of the Union troops on the evacuation of Manassas he returned a few weeks after and it is charged that since his return he has threatened Union men or at least warned them as to the consequences which might follow their attendance of Union meetings, &amp;c.

I hold Mr. Gunnell under arrest for another reason. The rebel authorities hold in prison at Richmond from thirty to forty citizens of Fairfax County for no offense but their attachment to the Union. Some of these cases are known to me as the most cruel and merciless persecutions on record. I have said to the friends of Mr. Gunnell that if they would procure the release of one of these men I would release him.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

3 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

