
FORT MONROE, VA., August 2, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I return the rolls of prisoners of war sent me at Johnson's Island, Saint Louis and Camp Morton, which I shall not require, as the prisoners from those placed will be sent down the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

P. S. - I arrive at 11 a. m. to-day.

OFFICE COMMISSARY GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 2, 1862.

General W. S. KETCHUM,

Asst. Insp. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Miss., Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: I am informed by Colonel Kelton, assistant adjutant-general, that there are in your office lists of all prisoners of war captured by the armies under General Halleck and paroled and as an exchange of prisoners is expected to take place immediately I have to request that you will cause a roll of all such prisoners to be prepared as soon as practicable to be used in making the exchange. The roll should be arranged alphabetically by company, and should show the rank, regiment and company of each person and where and when taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There are at Camp Morton from 1,000 to 1,200 prisoners who want to take the oath of allegiance and protest against being exchanged. what rule will be adopted in their case? They are principally Tennesseeans.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Indianapolis, August 2, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOFFMAN, U. A. Army.

DEAR SIR: Will you please inform us if in your ability the probable date when we may be relieved from guarding the prisoners? Much has been said about their exchange, and you have I learn ordered rolls to be prepared immediately, yet I have had no intimation of the time when they would probably be discharged. My aiming writing is to ascertain that fact so that we may have the proper force here to guard them, two-thirds of the present guard being State militia called here July 17 for thirty days, who will want to return to their homes at the expiration of that time.

Yours, respectfully,

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General.

