
will enable me to reach the Confederate lines on that day. I ask also that you will present the matter to the Confederate authorities and if possible procure an unconditional discharge.

Very respectfully,

FELIX R. BRUNOT.

[Inclosure.]

SAVAGE STATION HOSPITAL, June 30, 1862.

[General MAGRUGER, C. S. Army.]

GENERAL: At the request of the Pittsburg Sanitary Commission I came to this place in charge of a band of volunteer medical cadets and nurses, whose services were offered temporarily and without compensation from Government. Some of them were distributed to other points. The following are the names of those who are with me at this hospital: J. W. Wightman, O. L. Miller, W. Eugene Gosling, Isaac Brown, W. H. Smith, John Bryant, John Beltzhoover, Legrant Hart, Thomas G. Smythe, John Haney, Thomas McCombs. I gave these men the opportunity to leave with the army but their sense of duty compelled them to remain. I report myself and them to you as citizens engaged only on a mission of humanity (yet earnest and anxious for the success of our cause), with the request that if possible some arrangement may be made by which the men can return home when they desire, or at least that we may be placed on the same footing as surgeons.

Respectfully,

FELIX R. BRUNOT.

The above is copied from the rough original, and there may be in the one sent some slight verbal changes.

F. R. B.

NASHVILLE, August 3, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary:

In reply to your inquiry by telegraph I have to state, first, all Tennessee prisoners who are willing to take the oath of allegiance and enter into bond for its faithful observance should be released upon parole subject to notice. If they were released as suggested and permitted to return to Tennessee it would exert a powerful influence upon the State at this time. The oath when taken and the bond should be forwarded to the Governor of Tennessee and filed in secretary's office. If the power were conferred on me as intimated a by the President - the power to prescribe the terms of release - I would at once appoint an agent competent to exercise proper judgment and send him to the various prisoner where Tennesseeans are confined authorized to examine and release all who would take the oath and give bond. All those who were not willing to comply with foregoing conditions I would either exchange or retain in prison. If this course were adopted I feel well assured that much good would result from it. I repeat I hope none of those Tennessee prisoners will be exchanged and sent South who are willing to conform to the conditions herein set forth.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

