
employ such agent as you may designate. Captain Ekin at Indianapolis has been advised that this authority has been given to you.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 4, 1862.

Captain JAMES A. EKIN, Indianapolis, Ind.:

The [Tennessee] prisoners desiring to take the oath of allegiance will not be exchanged, but Governor Johnson will be authorized to send a commissioned to examine and liberate such of them as he may designate on taking the oath and complying with such other conditions as he may prescribe.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 4, 1862.

Colonel C. W. B. ALLISON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

An officer on parole may be required to take command of paroled men to drill and do camp-guard duty for mere purposes of discipline, provided he does not guard prisoners of war or relieve any other officer from duty so the latter would be disengaged to serve against the enemy.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 4, Numbers 226. 1862.

XII. It has come to the knowledge of the general commanding that a number of officers and men taken prisoners by the enemy and afterwards released on parole have without waiting for their exchange returned to their regiments and have even in some cases been ordered to do so by the provost-marshals and other officers. This should not be allowed. Paroled prisoners will be sent as required by orders from the War Department to Annapolis to report to the commanding officer at that place. By the recent cartel for the exchange of prisoners it is agreed that paroled prisoners until exchanged-

Shall not be permitted to take up arms again nor to serve as military police or constabulary force in any fort, garrison or field-work held by either of the respective parties, nor as guard of prisoners, depots or stores, nor to discharge any duty unusually performed by soldiers.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Baltimore, Md., August 4, 1862.

* * * * *

VI. Whenever any person is arrested by the city marshal for disloyalty or for treasonable practices he will immediately report the name

