
of such persons to the headquarters, together with the cause of arrest. Without such report and a copy furnished in writing to Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding the defense of Baltimore, he will receive no prisoners presented for confinement in Front McHenry.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Meadow Bluff, August 4, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Flat Top Mountain, W. Va.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that Dr. William P. Rucker was taken at Summerville by the rebels and is now in captivity at Union, and I understand he will likely be murdered. The doctor was forced to leave Covington, by being a loyal man to our Government, last winter and go to Summerville; he is a gentleman of property and influence and has done a great deal for our cause, hence there bitterness toward him. I might here state that General Fremont took a great interest in him and offered him a high position which the doctor would no doubt have availed himself of had the general still remained in command. I would most respectfully suggest that Mr. Price, at Charleston, be placed in close confinement and held as hostage for the doctor and so inform them. I feel confident that this course would save the doctor's life. I understand their treatment of him is very cruel.

I am, sir, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 4, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

Please forward without delay the rolls of prisoners called for from this office in May, the duplicate of which has been forwarded to the Adjutant-General. I do not refer to the rolls called for in my letter of the 31st ultimo. In making up the rolls be careful to note all prisoners known or supposed to have enlisted in the two regiments under Colonel Mulligan.

Have prepared immediately and send to me an account of the prisoners' fund, showing the receipts and disbursements and the amount remaining on hand and accompany it with a detailed list of articles purchased. I do not want the receipted bills. These will be held subject to my inspection when called for. See paragraph 5, circular of regulations. Report to me also condition of the hospital fund, how much was received, how much expended and how much remains on hand.

Mr. Shubert who has a son at Camp Douglas, complaints that on five different occasions $5 was sent to him and that the money was received

22 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

