
and this on the certificate of the surgeon that it is necessary for their health. During the walk they are to have communication with nobody and of course they will not be permitted to go to any part of the island where people are living. I left the selection of the ground to you, but to save doubt on the subject I will limit the walk as follows: They will not pass below the brow of the hill or table-land, nor pass beyond a line running from the fort to the old fort and through to the natural bridge. By my letter of the 24th June they are permitted to speak with certain members of the family while out walking, under certain restrictions. Any violations of these instructions will not fail to be noticed. If any citizens are detected in any effort to hold communications with those prisoners in violations of your orders, put them in confinement and report the facts to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, August 4, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I inclose you a soph of a letter which I addressed to-day to the secretary of War. I felt called upon to perform a very painful and embarrassing duty and reported my conduct and the reasons therefor to the highest authority at once in order to receive final instructions with the least loss of time. The case does not appear to be embraced in any orders received in regard to supervision of prisoners of war. I hope the course I have pursued will meet with your approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, August 4, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I telegraphed you to-day as follows, viz:

I have just arrested Dr. L. D. Boone, a prominent citizen of Chicago, for furnishing a prisoners with money contrary to the regulations of camp. The prisoner subsequently escaped by bringing a sentinel as I have reason to believe. May I parole him?

Doctor Boone has been for some time chairman of a committee who have received considerable sums from the South for prisoners of war in this camp and he has also received individually money from the same source and for the same purpose. Under the administration of my predecessor the doctor had unrestrained access to the camp and unrestrained intercourse with the prisoners. It is ascertained beyond any doubt that considerable sums of money have been give to prisoners contrary to the regulations of the camp. I have now in confinement a prisoners named w. H. Warren, claiming to be a chaplain, who was on parole until recently and who has been a medium for the distribution of much of this money, though he refuses to give the names of the persons from whom he received it.

