
On the night of the 23rd of July several prisoners escaped by means of a hole dug under the fence, evidently by conclusion with the sentinel, who deserted at the same time leaving his musket and equipments on his beat. Those of this number who have been recaptured admit that the sentinel received $15. Among them a prisoner named E. H. Green, Cumberland Artillery, brought in to-day, states the he received money from Doctor Boone, at one time $20 and at another $30.

Doctor Boone admits having given the $20 to Green, and regarding the $30 says that he left if for him in the event of his exchange with a third party, as he (the doctor) was leaving town for a short time. The money, however, disappeared from the custody of the person with whom it was left and reached Green; how, the doctor professes to be ignorant.

With these facts in my possession I have felt it my duty to detain Doctor Boone in camp until I could report to you and receive instructions what to do with him. Doctor Boone is reputed wealthy and could I think be paroled with entire safety upon his giving suitable bonds.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - I inclose a communication* to you from Doctor Boone for your consideration.

FORT HAMILTON, N. y. Harbor, August 4, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive four letters+ which I though proper to send through your office. Lieutenant Wood, my officer in command of Fort Lafayette, transferred a prisoner from one room to another, as I understand, by the wish of his fellow-prisoners, and he is now showing spite and ill-will in his letters, two of which I inclose. With regard to the character and conduct of Lieutenant Wood I am perfectly satisfied. My opinion of him is on record at the war Department made about twelve months ago, and I have since had no reason to change it. I consider him an officer perfectly reliable in every respect.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 12, 1862.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Burke. The letter of Lieutenant Wood contains no explanation of the specific charge made against him of substituting paper money for gold.

By order:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. HARBOR, August 3, 1862.

Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor.

COLONEL: I would respectfully call your attention to the inclosed letters. Those written by Mr. Cowan* are very severe on me. His

---------------

* Not found.

+ No inclosures found except that of Wood.

---------------

