
vindictiveness against me is caused by my removing him from one room to another at the request of all the occupants of the room from which he was removed on account of his making himself very obnoxious to them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 4, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st ultimo in which I am informed of the receipt of my report from Camp Chase and which contains instructions in relation to paroled prisoners, rolls of military prisoners and rolls of prisoners to be furnished to the Adjutant-General's Office in Washington, including all prisoners who have been received at Camp Chase. This latter roll will be to-day forwarded to Washington. I have given it special attention and believe that it is not only correct, but that it furnishes all the data in reference to each prisoner that is required, so far as it is possible to collect it from the incomplete and irregular records which have been kept at Camp Chase. There will be but few cases where such items as are required under the headings of your printed forms of "Rolls of prisoners" are incomplete, at least in instances where such data are very essential. The rolls of military prisoners ordered by you are nearly ready. Separate lists will be made of irregular troops and both classes will include those absent on parole. With regard to the paroled prisoners in the city I have to state that I have communicated in writing your directions to me to the commanding officer at Camp Chase, who was submitted them to the Governor. I have used all means within the limits of my authority to carry out as you requested this order; as yet, though several days have elapsed, these prisoners are still at large. I have no authority to forcibly execute this order or I should not desirable to do so. I inclose a monthly return* of prisoners, submitted for my inspection, and with the corrections made by me I believe it is as it should be. I inclose a statement* of the savings of the prisoners' rations for the month of July. The amount is retained in the hands of the commissary of the post, subject to the orders of the commanding officer. I required from the commissary an account of the prison hospital fund, but much to my astonishment was told that no distinction had been made in the returns for provisions for the hospital drawn by the surgeon, between the prisoners' and the guard's hospital. This was partly owing to the several changes of surgeons who have been in charge of the hospitals and consequent misunderstanding of orders of which I was not informed until too late. It will not again occur, I am satisfied. I am having purchased from the fund fresh vegetables for the prison hospitals. I have to report very favorable of the use of the Farmers' boilers in economy of fuel, cleanliness in cookery, health of the and economy of rations. The improvements directed by me and approved by you, to be made in the different prisons, have nearly all been completed, so far as have not involved additional expenditures since the receipt of your telegram from Washington. The drainage has been completed; roads and walks made;

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

