
buildings raised where absolutely necessary; nearly all the whitewashing is completed; vaults dug; privies built, and the buildings will where necessary be repaired as soon as it can be done with the available labor. I need not add that the health and comfort of not only the prisoners, but the whole camp, have been materially increased, and the stench, before so intolerable, almost removed. I shall send by to-morrow's mail for your action my complaints property sustained against Captain Walker, the post commissary of Camp Chase. With that exception all orders received by me have, I believe, been carried out so far as was practicable, and I await further instructions.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 4, 1862.

W. A. SHUBERT, New Haven, Conn.

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant is received and in reply I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say that the petitions and papers relating to the case of your son, James L. Shubert, have been forwarded from this office to the War Department for their action and nothing has yet been heard in reply. In regard to the non-receipt of money by your [son] the commissary-general of prisoners has addressed a note to the commanding officer at Camp Douglas directing him to make inquiry into the facts of the case and report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN STIRLING,

Clerk to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, August 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I take the liberty to apply to you for information in regard to a matter which intimately concerns me as well as a good many others now serving in this army, and its importance will I trust in your estimation justify my application. Has a regular exchange of prisoners been (at any time since the commencement of this war) effected between the Federal Government and the Confederates? Are the returned prisoners now doing duty in this army in their proper place or did the Government procure their release under any stated or implied conditions with which the performance of any military duty would conflict?

My own case is this: I was taken prisoner along with the surgeon of my regiment at Bull Run, July 21, 1862. Released in January last, and with the exception of the time passed at home on a furlough have since been doing duty with my regiment. I have been induced tomake these inquiries by several things which have lately transpired in relation to returned prisoners, having heard that several men had found that they had not been regularly exchanged and were therefore violating the conditions of release which the Government accepted for them.

