
You will I have no doubt readily concede that a soldier would find himself in a very awkward predicament should he be taken prisoner a second time and found not to have been properly exchanged. Some such cases have it is said actually occurred. By kindly condescending to reply to the foregoing queries, you will greatly oblige,

Yours, very respectfully,

JAMES PRALD,

Hospital Department, Eighty-second New York Volunteers, (Second New York State Militia).

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 95. Washington, August 5, 1862.

The following orders are promulgated for the information of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 31, 1862.

I. Ordered, That the Honorable L. C. Turner, of New York, be and he is hereby appointed associate judge-advocate for the army around Washington. That all cases of state prisoners and also cases of military arrests in the District of Columbia and the adjacent counties of Virginia are specially assigned to him fro investigation and determination. The military governor of the District of Columbia and the provost-marshal of Washington will make report to him of cases wherein the action of a judge-advocate may be required.

* * * * *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., August 5, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Is. Dr. J. M. Lewis, surgeon of Second Wisconsin, captured at Bull Run, released from his parole by exchange? I ask that if he is discharged he be granted a furlough for thirty days. I do not yet receive reply as to Colonel Maloney, of our Thirteenth Regiment, nor as to Mr. Hood's appointment as commissioner for recruiting. I am anxiously waiting these replies.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

A number of the rebel prisoners in camp here desire to volunteer into our Army instead of being exchanged. I am favor of accepting them, believing they can be trusted and it will have a good effect.

O. P. MORTON.

