
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 5, 1862.

General BUCKINGHAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, War Department, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have forwarded to the Department a great many petitions of prisoners, civil and military, for parole and release, some being very good cases indeed and others having little merit, but all alike, the good and the bad together, are buried under the mass of papers on the Assistant Secretary's table, whose more important engagement do not allow him time to attend to these matters. It will save much time and a great deal of labor of these questions can be placed in my hands under such restrictions as the Secretary may think proper.

Whatever policy it may be desirable to follow in this matter I will endeavor to carry out strictly, and certainly I will endeavor not to err on the side of too much clemency. They are a number of men in confinement who ought to be released, some who should never have been apprehended, but all share the fate of the guilty without hope of release.

I have many applications from prisoners to be exempt from exchange. Some wish to remain in the loyal States by taking the oath of allegiance, others ask to be released on parole with various conditions, all are desirous by some means to avoid further service in the rebel army. I have forwarded many of these petitions, but they are not answered. It would relieve the Department if I could be informed as to the course which will be pursued in such cases.

I have received no instructions in relation to the exchange of prisoners in the West and I do not know whether it is to take place or not. Many things relating to their better security and arrangement for their better care are waiting on this question.

If the exchange is carried out I recommend that the three political prisoners at Fort Mackinac be transferred to the Sandusky depot. It is attended with a very heavy expense to keep them there and if they remain there supplies for the winter for the company which guards them must be se of the company will be of more value in the field.

After the exchange the depot at Sandusky will probably accomodate all the prisoners who will be held in the West, and I recommend they all be ordered there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 5, 1862.

Colonel C. W. B. ALLISON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

COLONEL: Doctor Lupton cannot be paroled because paroles are granted only in cases of extreme illness, and he cannot be released on the ground of his being a physician because it is only medical officers captured while serving in their official capacity who are to be discharged under General Orders, Numbers 60. Please say to John J. Vincent, a prisoner of war at Camp Chase, in reply to his letter addressed to General

