
Wright, that the parole granted to him by the provost-marshal of General Shield's command is no longer in force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 5, 1862.

S. E. CHURCH, Esq., Albion, N. Y.

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 4th is received and in reply I beg to say that the Government does not investigate the charges preferred against persons arrested for disloyalty. Where arrests are made under mistakes or on false accusations the person arrested or his friends for him must establish his innocence to secure his release. In the case of Mr. Cole it will be necessary to furnish all the facts in writing and these I will lay before the war Department where only can his release be granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAMP PAROLE, Annapolis, Md., August 5, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

SIR: The order which was recently published by the War Department requiring that all paroled prisoners belonging to the New England and Middle States should report at once at the Camp of Instructions at Annapolis, Md., has been complied with by a large number from these sections, and they are now anxiously waiting the further action of Government, and are desirous of learning as quickly as possible what disposition is to be made of paroled prisoners generally. At the time this order was issued it was supposed that every necessary preparation had been made for the proper accommodations of all who should report at this camp, and accordingly many left home with such an impression, and came here expecting to find a state of affairs different from those now existing in reality. It is deemed advisable, sir, to call your serious attention to the highly important fact that there are now a great many here who have not yet entirely recovered from the effect of the hardships which were suffered while in Southern prisons, and who will prove only a burden to the Government if continued in the service, while there are a great many also whose constitutions have become completely undermined and who are now no longer capable of enduring the privations incident to the life of a soldier. All such have a right to demand their unconditional release, and it is asked in common humanity that a more thorough and faithful examination than that which was recently made may be instituted for the purpose, and that all thus unqualified may be at once mustered out of the service.

In conclusion, sir, allow us to say that it is the earnest wish of all paroled prisoners that they might either be exchanged at once so that they can join their respective regiments, or else that they may be discharged from the service altogether, thus affording them the opportunity of re-establishing whenever an exchange shall be made, so as to

