
render it practicable for them to do so. The undersigned have been authorized by the members of the regiments with which they are connected to forward this communication to the Secretary of the War Department in behalf of all paroled prisoners assembled at this station:

John H. Cunningham, Ninth Maine, Charles C. Drew, Third Maine, representing paroled prisoners from Maine; Robert F. Wallin, Seventy-first Pennsylvania, Charles Brandt, representing Pennsylvania; George W. Bliss, Fourteenth New York State Militia, Brooklyn, John O'Brien, New York, representing New York; David C. Bradford, sergeant, New Jersey volunteers, Cornelius A. Lowe, New Jersey volunteers, representing New Jersey; John R. Fisher, Henry A. Page, representing Connecticut regiments; G. w. Fay, John Hogan, representing Vermont; J. L. Fitts, Charles J. Kelly, representing New Hampshire; Joshua W. Brown, William J. Crossley, representing Rhode Island; Charles T. Carroll, James E. Selly, representing Maryland; Samuel E. Hodgkins, William Duffie, representing Massachusetts volunteers.

Any response to this communication will be forwarded to William Duffie, Second Massachusetts, company of paroled prisoners, Annapolis, Md.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In connection with the general exchange of prisoners now being made I have the honor to state that there are at present confined in forts of the United States (Fort Lafayette chiefly) many pilots and seamen who were captured on board vessels seized for violating the blockade. It is through the experience and skill of these men that vessels succeed in running into and out of the blockade ports, and it is of great importance that they should not be released and again engage in their profession. I therefore respectfully request that should it be in contemplation to exchange any of them before doing so this Department may be consulted on the subject.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 6, 1862.

General THOMAS, Commanding First Division, Decherd:

Send the guerrillas to Camp Chase when you have proof that they are such.

JAMES B. FRY.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,Detroit, Mich., August 6, 1862.

General D. S. STANLEY,

Army of the Ohio, Camp on Clear Creek.

GENERAL: Your favor of the 24th ultimo in relation to the release of your brother, a prisoner of war at Fort Delaware, has been received

