
my charge which will include all those absent on parole. These rolls are finished; I retain them till called for as you direct. In the meantime the daily deaths are noted upon them as they occur. By your letter of August 4 I am directed to forward without further delay the rolls of prisoners called for your office in May, the duplicates of which have been forwarded to the Adjutant-General. I forwarded to the Adjutant-General in obedience to your telegram from Washington the rolls prepared by your directions of June 23, by letter from Detroit, to which please refer. I forwarded the original rolls to the Adjutant-General and have no duplicate rolls. I have copies of those rolls kept for reference here in books and can prepare duplicates in a very short require more blank rolls from you for that purpose, say 175. They can be finished and sent to you by saturday next if you can get the blank rolls here in time. I received a package of blank rolls from you on the 4th instant, which were, however, partly used in the preparation of the list called for July 31.

I have called on Captain Christopher for statement of prisoners's and hospital funds and will make up and forward the account which you call for. No registered letter has been received for James L. Shubert since I took charge of the prisoner's moneys not any money for him fro many source during that time. Five dollars was credited to him on Colonel Mulligan's ledger under date of June 11, which Shubert has drawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Infantry Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

At the risk of fretting you I recommend the immediate appointment of a good lawyer and sound man with authority to investigate and discharged political prisoners at Camp Chase. H. H. Hunter, John M. Andrews or Reuben Hitchock would be safe men to appoint. I inform you that recruiting is progressing most handsomely. The twenty-two regiments will all be full by Tuesday next. Recruiting for regiments in the fields is also doing well.

DAVID TOD.

RACINE, August 7, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

DEAR SIR: Dr. James M. Lewis was surgeon of the Second Wisconsin Regiment and captured at Bull Run. He was taken to Richmond and there paroled. He has made a great many effort to get exchanged. He thinks he may soon be if he is not already. He asks leave of absence with permission to remain in Wisconsin until he is exchanged. It seems right he should have it. He has been at considerable expense in trying to effect his exchange. To my certain knowledge he has made two trips to Washington to effect it.

Respectfully, yours,

J. R. DOOLITTLE.

