
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 7, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia.

GENERAL: In the Evening Star newspaper of the 4th instant an article appears relative to the rebel prisoners and spy Belle Boyd, under the head of local news, which it true shows that the order of the Secretary of War to keep her in close custody in the Old Capitol Prison has been violated. A note was addressed to the editor of the Star calling for their names of the persons alleged to have access to the prisoner and the authority under which they were permitted to visit her. No answer has been received because, as this Department is just informed, the editor is absent from the city. You are directed immediately to cause a strict investigation to be made on the following points, viz:

1. Whether the order committing Belle Boyd to close custody has been violated?

2. When and by whom and under what authority every such violation was committed?

You will report to this Department the result of the investigation. By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of war.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,August 7, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary of War.

SIR: In reply to your letter dated this morning making inquiries as to whether the order of the War Department to commit Belle Boyd to close custody had been violated, and if so by whom, is duly received. I have the honor to inform you that my aide, Major Meneely, visited the prison on Saturday in company with Mr. Van Buskirk, of the Post-Office Department, and saw and for a few moments conversed with Belle Boyd. The order to commit her to close custody had not been communicated to me, and Mr. Wood who has received it did not object to that gentleman seeing her and others in the establishment. Mr. Wood stated to my aide (as he understood) that a Doctor Hale has seen the prisoner referred to. I will take measures to ascertain whether Mr. Van Buskirk made the communication to the Star to which you refer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following offices have been exchanged and may at once enter upon duty: Colonel Kenly, First Maryland; Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman, Eighth Infantry; Majors Clitz, seventh Infantry, and Dwight, Second Massachusetts; Captain Wallace, First Infantry; Captains Bowman and Hopkins, Lieutenants Steen, Van Horn and Lay, Third Infantry; Captains Gibbs, Stevenson and Potter; Lieutenants Plummer, Hancock and Ryan, Seventh Infantry; Captain Jordan, Eighth Infantry; Lieutenants McNally and Cressey, Third Cavalry.

