
ters to attend to has not given it the attention which he otherwise would have done, and that the provost-marshal's department in this State is much in need of improvement which I have not the authority to make and which the commanding general of course cannot at present attend to.

Since the above was written a telegram has been received from Major-General Halleck revoking the order in regard to the discharge of prisoners; but as that removes only a party of the difficulties I have mentioned I have decided to forward this communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF VIRGINIA,

Fort Monroe, June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: We have in our hospitals several rebel prisoners with amputated limbs. If not incompatible with the views of the Government would it not be as well to let these men go home?

Yours, very truly,

JNO M. CUYLER,

Medical Director, Department of Virginia.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, June 17, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In my letter of yesterday I mentioned about the expected arrival of Pierre Soule and Adolphe Mazurean at Fort Lafayette, and yesterday saw that one casemate was selected to confine them both in conformably to your orders as their being both together would be more convenient so far as room is in the question, and I presumed at the time that was your wish as their confinement together would taking the above circumstances into consideration be quite as safe, if not more so, to prevent any communication from them that to have them separate. However, the matter is respectfully submitted to you. I make this communication in anticipation of their speedy arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

New York, June 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions heretofore received I have ordered that the rebel officers, prisoners of war at Fort Delaware and Fort Columbus, be sent to the depot at Sandusky, the movement to take place the latter part of the week unless an announcement of a general exchange of prisoners is made in the meantime when it would be unnecessary.

