
Colonel Corcoran will be exchanged for Colonel Hanson. He is at Charleston but will be delivered very soon. I have arranged so far so the exchange of about 120 officers who will be delivered the 12th instant, when I am to meet Mr. Ould. I leave to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock for Washington by the Potomac River and will explain more fully when I report. Exchanged all the soldiers I took to Aiken's, receiving 3,021, all of whom were sent to General McClellan.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 7, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Your letter of July 6 was received at the Adjutant-General's Office on the 14th, but supposing from its indorsement that it required no further reply it was filed without being shown to the President or Secretary of War. I learned to-day for the first time that such letter had been received and hasten to reply.

No authentic information has been received in relation to the execution of either John L. Owen or William B. Mumford, but measures will be immediately taken to ascertain the facts of their alleged execution of which you will be duly informed.

I need hardly assure you, general, that so far as the U. S. authorities are concerned this contest will be carried on in strict accordance with the laws and usages of modern warfare, and that all excess will be duly punished. In regard to the burning of bridges, &c., within our lines by persons in disguise as peaceful citizens, I refer you to my letter of January 22 last to General Price. I think you will find the views there expressed as not materially differing from those stated in your letter.

In regard to retaliation by taking the lives of innocent persons I know of no orders authority which justified it, except in the extreme case of a war with an uncivilized foe which has himself first established such a barbarous rule. The United States will never countenance such a proceeding unless forces to do so by the barbarous conduct of an enemy who first applies such a rule to our own citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, August 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have been unable to furnish 3,000 stand of arms for the exchanged prisoners just received at Harrison's Landing from Richmond. There ought to be here always at least 10,000 stand of arms. Will your order the Ordnance Department to furnish some? The ordnance officer here, Lieutenant Baylor, tells me he has an unanswered requisition at Washington.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

