
and file of your command. I respectfully propose to exchange Captain Teneyhill and order prisoners for Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Gordon, Second Lieutenant Pride and such other prisoners of war as are now in your possession agreeably to the terms of the cartel recently signed by the commissioners of our respective Governments. I suggest that they be exchanged at Tazewell as soon as practicable. If you will accept the proposition please designate the day on which the exchange can be made.

Every attention has been paid to the wounded of your command, and should you desire it they will be delivered at Tazewell to any surgeon whom you may designate to be removed at such time as he may think proper.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: You were this day telegraphed as follows, viz:

Requisition of the 31st just received. Clothing for prisoners at Alton ordered by telegraph from Cairo; for Camp Chase from New York.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 7, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Eight U. S. Infantry, Columbus, Ohio:

Your letter of the 4th instant with its inclosures is received. I am pleased to learn that everything is going on satisfactorily at Camp Chase. The roll of prisoners joined which accompanies the return is incomplete in the details because I presume the same name does not appear on the full roll which is to be furnished; hereafter all rolls must be complete in themselves. The authority for the release or parole of prisoners should be given on the return when such changes are reported. Please have this authority furnished me for the cases reported on the return for July. Sylvanus Harper is reported paroled though he was released by order of the Secretary of War.

For the present you need take no further steps in relation to the paroled prisoners in Columbus. After the exchange of prisoners takes place a better system will be established. As no account of disbursement of the prisoners' fund is rendered I suppose it is all on hand. Impress it on the colonel that he is responsible for the proper expenditure of this fund. I believe I have mentioned to you that vegetables, and for those who are destitute of money small articles for repairing clothing and shoes, writing paper, tobacco, pipes, &amp;., may be purchased in moderate quantities when the fund will admits of it. A liberal supply of vegetables should be allowed. The prisoner's share of the

