HEADQUARTERS, Fort Smith, Ark., August 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BROWN, Commanding, Springfield, Mo.

GENERAL: I have the honor to send to you First Lieutenant W. Kearney, C. S. Army, with flag of truce to effect and exchange of prisoners. He has full instructions and powers and any arrangements made with him will receive my approval and immediate attention. If compatible with your sense of duty I would be glad to know why it is non-combatants are arrested and held in durance and their private property destroyed. Such acts could only be counterbalanced by retaliatory measures which would be unfortunate at least for those who are not responsible for the acts of the belligerent. I would also be glad to know what binding efficacy is intended to be given to be forced oaths administered by the military authority of your Government to citizens of Northwest Arkansas as well as the penalty of disregarding the same. It is the duty of every to return to his full allegiance after being arrested unless released, being a soldier on his parole of honor. This construction I will be compelled to enforce and will protect in every way even to the most bitter and most unrelenting retaliation any citizen of Northwest Arkansas who is injured by U. s. soldiery for complying with his duty in this behalf. It is my hope the strife may not grow more bitter even if it cannot be softened.

Very respectfully,CHAS. A. CARROLL,

Colonel, Commanding Northwest Arkansas.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, Wheeling, August 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 4th instant. There is not now at this post or at posts from which I have been able to procure a report a single prisoner of war in Western Virginia. I have referred your letter to Major-General Wool, commanding Middle Department, requesting to give the necessary order so that I can forward you reports from posts that have not reported to me. With regard to paroled prisoners with every effort that I have made at various times I have not been able to file in my officer or to learn that there was anywhere filed such a record that I could obtain. Ever since this West Virginia was contained in what was known as the Army of Occupation of Western Virginia, then Department of Western Virginia, then Mountain Department, there never has been a time when the department was left in such limits and under such command for such a length of time that it was possible after all arrangements were appropriately made to carry out the orders issued relating to such matters.

I have in jail five guerrillas, whom I take to be "belonging to no military organization though taken in arms," whose cases have been specially reported to the Secretary of War, as they were tried at Clarksburg, Va., condemned to be hung by a military commission in June last, the record forwarded to the President but not heard from since. I will particularly observe your order relative to applications for release of prisoners to give their status.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

P. S. - All records of Department of Western Virginia and of Mountain Department are in Washington City.

