
command to General Wool; outside of that I do not know to whom - Sigel, Pope or War Department. Whether General Cox reports to General Pope or War Department I cannot ascertain.

As provost-marshal-general of the Mountain Department I could expect to receive regular reports, but General Fremont was relieved just as he had determined his policy, &amp;c. On consultation with Governor Perpoint he concluded to apply in a strong letter to the War Department for my appointment as chief provost-marshal of West Virginia, as determined by the bill under which she sought for admission as a separate State, with instructions to report to you. In that case I could know precisely what territory I had control of and could receive proper reports from posts in it. As it is I have reports from most of the posts in West Virginia. The prisons are clear, except in Wheeling, of prisoners; but of posts that are contained in Middle Department and Railroad District out of the State of West Virginia I have had no notice taken of instructions to report.

Excuse this long letter, but I thought it necessary to advise you how I am situated.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, Wheeling, August 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have stated that I considered it would be more economical for the Government to build a prison on the island for political prisoners than to forward them to Camp Chase, Ohio. I have not been able to secure more than one company here for guard duty, and have been obliged to confine deserters, &c., among guerrillas, prisoners of war, &c. The necessity of ventilation in the present prison prevents a division of the apartment. If the prison is built on the island the Governor will call for a special guard from the citizens of this county and neighborhood.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of two communications from your office dated the 4th instant. Captain Dickerson has already expressed his willingness to pay the account of Messrs. Aiken & Emory in such funds as he has, but states that no bills greater than $1,000 are paid in money by him but in U. S. bonds. This is my understanding of the letter received from him by the assistant quartermaster at Camp Chase. He says, however, that the Treasury has generally paid bills of less than $5,000 in money and that they will have no difficulty in getting it on the bonds paid to them by him. I shall arrange the matter satisfactorily to them in some manner. The rolls for the Adjutant-General's Office were sent yesterday. The duplicates for your office will be prepared without delay, but a considerable

