
[Inclosure.]

[Extract from the protest of the master of the British schooner Mersey relative to the alleged robbery of himself and the mate of that vessel at Fort Lafayette.]

That they so got to Fort Lafayette about 5 or 6 p. m. of Friday, the 9th day of May, and all there had to go into Fort Lafayette. When about to go in this appeared, the master, was preparing to take some of his light things ashore when he was told to go on and they, the soldiers about, would see to his things, and a deputy marshal took all three to the lieutenant of the fort who took down their names. He also asked this paperer, the master, if he had any money. The answer was, "Yes," He then said it must be given to him, and this said appeared, the master, thereupon gave him four sovereigns, two gold $5 pieces, American currency, and $1 in American silver. He then asked this said appeared for his watch which was handed over to him, being a silver watch with a gold chain. He then asked this appeared whether he had any rings and was answered in the negative. And this appeared, the said mate, was about the same time asked by the said officer if he had any valuable and if so to deliver them up. And this appeared, the said steward, was asked the same thing by the said officer, and this appeared answered he had six or seven shillings in American and British silver, and the same was taken by the said officer. And that appearers were then separately and apart taken to a room and personally searched by a U. S. sergeant. An officer then told the sergeant to put these appearers in No. 5, which was done, and their things were brought to the sallyport by soldiers. Their keyes were then demanded, and all their effects and things were overhauled by sergeant and soldiers, the sergeant taking away a piece of india rubber cloth which had covered the bed of this appeared, the master, and his sister had and an oil-skin coat, and also cut away the lashing which tied his bed, and the same sergeant took from the chest of this appeared, the mate, a quadrant belonging to the said master, and either the sergeant or some of the soldiers must have taken away an oil-skin coat and sister, the property of this appeared, the mate.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

Reuben Hitchcock will be appointed special commissioner to examine and report on the cases of political prisoners at Camp Chase and directed to communicate with you. I am rejoiced to hear that your recruiting is progressing so well.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Order to prevent evasion of military duty and for the suppression of disloyal practices.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1862.

1. By direction of the President of the United States it is hereby ordered that until further order no citizen liable to be drafted into the militia shall be allowed to go to a foreign country. And all marshals, deputy marshals and military officers of the United States are directed, and all police authorities especially at the ports of the United States on the seaboards and on the frontier are requested, to see that this order is faithfully carried into effect. And they are hereby authorized

