
and directed to arrest and detain any person or persons about to depart from the United States in violation of this order and report to Major L. C. Turner, judge-advocate at Washington City, for further instructions respecting the person or persons so arrested or detained.

2. Any person liable to draft who shall absent himself from his country or State before such draft is made will be arrested by any provost-marshal or other United States or State officer wherever he may be found within the jurisdiction of the United States and conveyed to the nearest military post or depot and placed on military duty for the term of the draft, and the expenses of his own arrest and conveyance to such post or depot and also the sum of $5 as a reward to the officer who shall make such arrest shall be deduced from his pay.

3. The write of habeas corpus is hereby suspended in respect to all person so arrested and detained and in respect to all persons arrested for disloyal practices.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe:

Do you intend to send the returned prisoners to their old regiments?

P. H. WATSON.

DETROIT, August 8, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Will you please order the companies of the Ninth Regiment now on parole at Columbus, Ohio, to Detroit barracks? This is necessary in order to control and keep the men together, as all their officers are prisoners and absent. If this is done it will do much in reorganizing the regiment as soon as exchanges are made.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

FORT MONROE, August 8, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Esq.:

Taking it for granted the released prisoners would go to their old regiments I have to-day ordered thirty-three just from Richmond to Washington, nearly all belonging to General Pope's command. General Thomas should be with you by 9 o'clock this evening.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., August 8, 1862.

Captain A. S. WOODS,Eight New York State Militia, Commanding at Point Lookout.

CAPTAIN: You are under no obligation to receive negroes within your lines, indeed they should be kept out like all other persons who have no business with the sick or with your command and who would be an annoyance. You can give your guards and sentries orders accordingly. But if you admit negroes and they prove to be runaways you cannot deliver them up to their masters, Congress having passed an

