
act prohibiting any military officer from doing so. If the Confederate deserters will take the oath of allegiance may administer it and send them to Baltimore the first opportunity or let them go at Point Lookout.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 8, 1862.

General MORGAN, Cumberland Gap:

Have ordered rule of exchange of prisoners to be sent to you from Nashville. If you are in a hurry arrange it to suit yourself.

JAMES B. FRY.

CUMBERLAND GAP, August 8, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Have received a communication from General Stevenson, commanding First Division of the enemy's forces proposing an exchange. He has one captain and fifty privates. I have one lieutenant-colonel, one lieutenant and nine privates. What is the scale of exchange? I have to lament the death of Captain Edgar; it is a severe loss for he had no superior of his rank.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 41. In Camp, Huntsville, Ala., August 8, 1862.

The system of paroles as practiced in this army has run into intolerable abuse. Hereafter no officer or soldier belonging to the forces in this district will give his parole not to take up arms for the purpose of leaving the enemy's lines without the sanction of the general commanding this army, except when by reason of wounds or disease he could not be removed without endangering his life.

Any parole given in violation of this order will not be recognized and the person giving it will be required to perform military duty and take the risks prescribed by the laws of war.

Any officer or soldier of this command being in the hands of the enemy and desiring to be released on parole for the purpose of leaving the enemy's lines will make application to the general commanding this army, inclosing in duplicate the parole which he proposes to give and await its approval. The sanction of the officer commanding the forces by which he is held being necessary to effect the arrangements should be forwarded with the application. No such application will be approved where the capture has resulted from neglect or misbehavior on the part of the prisoner or of the command to which he belonged.

The evidence of a lawful parole will be the parole itself, bearing the approval of the commanding general.

The same rule will be observed by this army in paroling prisoners taken from the enemy. If they cannot be held until the sanction of such officer as the general commanding the enemy's forces may designate for that purpose is obtained they will be released.

By command of Major-General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

