
NASHVILLE, August 9, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Under the authority conferred by your telegram of the 4th instant I have appointed ex-Governor William B. Campbell commissioner to visit the various prisons where Tennessee prisoners are confined for the purpose of examining them and determining which of them shall be exchanged and which released and the terms of release. Governor Campbell is admirably adapted for and will well execute his mission. He leaves here for Indianapolis to-morrow. If you have any instructions please communicate them.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 9, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

In compliance with authority and instructions from the War Department on 4th instant I have appointed ex-Governor Campbell commissioner to visit the various prisons containing Tennessee prisoners and prescribe the terms and conditions of their release. All prisoners not officers who are willing to take the oath of allegiance and give bonds will be released upon parole to report to the Governor of Tennessee, and all who refuse to do so will be retained in prison exchanged. Governor Campbell will communicate to the War Department what policy he adopts in regard to the release of these prisoners. I trust in God that in making an exchange of prisoners that the East Tennessee now confined in Southern dungeons will not be overlooked. The eastern part of the State has been too long neglected and our people left to oppression. Let that portion of her people are now in dungeons be set free at least while there is an opportunity to redeem them with traitors and rebels.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, August 9, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Your two communications of the 2nd instant with inclosures are received. As these papers are couched in language exceedingly insulting to the Government of the United States I must respectfully decline to receive them. They are returned herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army.

HUNTSVILLE, August 9, 1862.

Major-General THOMAS:

Place the strictest injunctions on the cavalry officers going out on the 11th against committing outrages whatever. Under no circumstances will they be tolerated. Only suspicious or notoriously disloyal and hostile persons are to be arrested. In taking horses it must be done in such a way that orderly persons shall not be deprived of what may be necessary for their ordinary work and in every case a formal

