
receipt will be given. A quartermaster or acting quartermaster will take charge of every horse so taken and be responsible for him and the commanding officer will see that every horse is accounted for.

BUELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Culpeper, August 9, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding at Fredericksburg, Va.

GENERAL: With this are sent thirteen citizens of Fairfax County, prisoners whom Major-General Pope respectfully requests that you will transmit through your lines.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. O. SELFRIDGE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Petersburg, August 9, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army,Commanding Army Corps.

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding the district to say that no more prisoners will be received at City Point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Suffolk, Va., August 9, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: I inclose a copy of the printed regulations for the provost-marshal, &amp;c., for your perusal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOS. K. F. MANSFILED,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

NOTICE.

Duties of the provost-marshal.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Suffolk, August 6, 1862.

1. To preserve order and decorum in the streets, arrest all drunken persons, supervise the transactions at all the stores and with the market people and prevent the sale of all intoxicating liquors; see that no unusual supplies of groceries are taken into the country by which the rebel Army will obtain comforts. The article of salt particularly will be limited and none allowed to be brought into the city for sale except by the special written permission of the commanding general.

2. He will know the business of every white man in the city to satisfy himself that they are not spies or in the pay of the rebels, and will require all white persons to pass through the pickets to give their parole of honor or take the oath of allegiance. Such deserters as come in from the enemy he will examine and send to headquarters.

