
3. All back men and women who come in from the enemy's lines will be examined and given passes to go where they please within our lines and work for a livelihood.

4. All strangers coming into the city to open stores by permission from headquarters must be sound Union citizens and required in addition to take the oath of allegiance.

5. Whenever a house is suspected of having arms, ammunition, or contraband letters, &amp;c., in it concealed he will first communicate with headquarters before making the search.

6. All persons living in the city or within the picket guards who are not regarded as reliable will be required to take the parole of honor, and any persons found violating their parole will be seized and put in close confinement and reported at headquarters.

7. Any person engaged in interrupting the regular market people, in threatening them for bringing in supplies or selling to the army, will be seized if within the jurisdiction of the provost-marshal and reported to headquarters for punishment. If such persons live beyond the control of the provost-marshal he will report the facts to headquarters.

8. In case of alarm at night the provost-guard will require all citizens to keep in their houses and all confusion in the streets corrected at once.

9. In order to detect imposition and to punish all violations of paroles and oaths the provost-marshal will keep a record of all persons taking the oath or giving their parole.

10. The provost-marshal will protect all persons from imposition, depredations and insults in the streets and allow no hinderance in the way of the municipal laws of the city that do not conflict with the military duties.

By command of Brigadier-General Mansfield:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Suffolk, August 6, 1862.

In accordance with section 2 of General Orders, No. 1, it is necessary that all white citizens doing business in this town should leave their names, occupations, &c., at this office. On and after this date a record will be kept open daily from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. for those who may desire soon as possible.

Also all citizens who have not heretofore taken the parole of honor will call at this office for the purpose of doing the same.

Regular officer hours for the issue of paroled passes, &c., will be (as usual) from 9 to 12 m. daily.

By order of Lieutenant Albert Weber, provost-marshal.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 9, 1862.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

Arrangements are being made for exchange of prisoners in the West. Please telegraph what you wish done in regard to prisoners from Tennessee who will take the oath of allegiance. Shall they be discharged where they now are on taking the oath, or be sent to Tennessee?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

