
Colonel Belger, aide-de-camp and quartermaster, of the number of prisoners and guard for which transportation will be required and the time they will be ready to leave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[WM. D. WHIPPLE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 11, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: Will you have the kindness to inform Colonel Olmstead, prisoner now confined at Sandusky I understand, that I have recently learned that the sick and wounded prisoners (sixteen or eighteen in number) taken at Fort Pulaski have not all been sent to Savannah and that I was consequently misinformed on the subject. I am told that one or two of them only have been allowed to go. I relinquished the command of Tybee and Cockspur Island early in May before the wounded men were in condition to be moved and went to Hilton Head sick of the fever. While in the general hospital there I was informed at sundry times that the sick and wounded men had been removed from Fort Pulaski and sent up to the Confederate lines and promised. I believed such to be the case. Soon after my arrival in the North I received a note from Colonel Olmstead, then confined on Governor's Island, N. Y., inquiring if the men had been sent up, to which I replied through Colonel Loomis, the commanding officer, that they had. Finding that I was mistaken I adopt this means of putting myself right. I shall at once inquire into this and insist on having it rectified. I am mortified at the position in which I find myself placed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ATHENS, August 11, 1862.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have under arrest some Confederate soldiers who claim to have been discharged from service on account of disability. A part of them are willing to take the oath and some are not. Also some citizens applying for passes to go through my pickets who refuse to take the oath under my circumstances. Please inform me what I shall do in such cases. Please answer soon.

[JAS. M.] NEIBLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

HEADQUARTERS, Huntsville, August 11, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel NEIBLING, Athens:

Send the Confederate soldiers who claim to be discharged to provost-marshal at Nashville unless in special cases where you may deem it best to release them on oath and watch them. If there is anything suspicious in civilians who try to pass the pickets send them in like manner.

JAMES B. FRY.

