
DETROIT, MICH., August 11, 1862.

General THOMAS:

Shall I exchange Colonel Peter Kinney, who is here, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, for a colonel at Sandusky?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICER COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 11, 1862.

General LAZ. HOBLE,

Adjutant-General of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.

GENERAL: I am looking for instructions to-day in relation to the exchange of prisoners and I expect to have them in motion from Camp Morton before the 17th, the expiration of the term of the temporary guard now there. If there should be a day or two delay I presume the Governor will have no difficulty in detaining the guard for that time. A guard will be necessary to accompany them to Cairo if no farther. I am not yet informed how the movement will be made, but they will all be shipped from convenient points to the vicinity of Vicksburg where the exchange is to be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 11, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: I am expecting to receive instructions in relation to the exchange of prisoners and the rolls for which I telegraphed on Saturday are required to show who desire to be released by taking the oath of allegiance. Then have them prepared at once. After the exchange the prisoners remaining at the various amps will probably be collected at the Saturday depot. What has been done in relation to the contract for wood? I presume a contract has already been made according to my instructions and the wood is being received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Thirty Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 12, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH,

Military Governor of the District of Columbia:

Whereas, it is represented that the following personal, loyal Union men, citizens of the United States and residents of the State of Virginia, have been arrested and for a long time and now are imprisoned in Richmond, Va., viz, Major Charles Williams, Peter Couse, Squire Ralston, Burnham Wardwell, A. M. Pickett, Thomas Morrison and Moses Morrison-

You are therefore directed to arrest, convey to and detain in the Old Capitol Prison, Washington City, District of Columbia, the following

