HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., August 12, 1862.

Brigadier General J. K. F. MANSFIELD, Commanding at Suffolk, Va.

GENERAL: I have read your instructions to your provost-marshal and think them right and proper.

I was yesterday at Fort Wool and discharged a large number of prisoners on parole. I found quite a number from Nansemond and Giles Counties and retain them for the purpose of communicating with you. I examined several of them and am satisfied that they have committed no act of hostility against the United States. That they sympathize with the insurgents there is no doubt, but if we undertake to arrest all such persons our forts and prison would not contain a tithe of them. So long as they continue quietly about their business they should not be molested.

The exercise of this power of arrest is at the same time the most arbitrary and the most delicate which a state of war devolves on a military commander, and it is one which should not be delegated to a subordinate. I find that many of the persons imprisoned at Fort Wool were arrested by Colonel Dodge and some of them on suspicion. This must not be repeated. Your subordinate may arrest persons detected in open acts of hostility to the Government but in every other instance and in every case the order for arrest should come from you, or if an arrest is made in an emergency without your order the case should be brought directly before you and the evidence taken before the party is sent here for imprisonment. Two of the persons sent to Fort Wool by you have died within the last three days, one of them, Mr. Jordan, the most respectable of all in standing. His body goes to his friends in Norfolk to-day. Imprisonment at Fort Wool is a most severe punishment at this season. The water is bad an the heat is intense, and no citizen should be sent there for a light cause and without pretty clear evidence of guilt. If parties in your neighborhood need temporary restraint you must find some place of safe-keeping there unless the case is very marked.

My inclination is to discharge all these prisoners on a stringent parole, but before doing so I await your reply with your views on any particular case or cases.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, No. 40. Near Cedar Mountain, Va., August 12, 1862.

Sergt. James A. Neil, of the ambulance train of the enemy, and Private Jesse Hurdleston, of the Nineteenth Regiment of Georgia Volunteers, and ambulance driver in the service of the enemy, who were taken prisoners while in the act of relieving the sufferings of some of our wounded upon the field are unconditionally released as prisoners of war in consideration of the humanity thus displayed by them. The ambulance and horses belonging to the enemy taken with these men will be returned to their charge. Rations for two days and forage for two horses for the same time will be furnished them, and they will be forwarded with their ambulance and horses through our lines to those of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Pope:

[GEO. D. RUGGLES,]

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

