
FRANKFORT, KY., August 12, 1862.

A. LINCOLN, President of the United States:

The indiscriminate arrests making in this State is producing a dangerous state of things. Quiet, law-abiding men holding State-rights dogmas are required to take an oath repulsive to them or go to prison, who are willing to take an oath substantially pledging alliance to State and United States. Two men over seventy years old are arrested in Lexington. An order to arrest only for cause is important. If the State is invaded, we want a cool general, able to handle a force sufficient to repel it. See Mr. Holt. Public feeling is in a dangerous state. The Southern sympathizer is made desperate and our soldiers will become bandits.

J. B. TEMPLE,

President Board of Kentucky.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 12, 1862.

General C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, War Department, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a roll* of prisoners of war held at Fort McHenry, Md., up to July 31, 1862. This I believe completes the rolls required from the several camps and stations where prisoners are held, viz: Fort Warren, Boston Harbor;, Fort Columbus, N. Y. ; Fort Delaware, Del. ; Fort McHenry, Md. ; Fort Monroe, Va. ; Washington City; Depot at Sandusky, Ohio; Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill. ; Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill. ; Military Prison, Alton, Ill. l Gratiot Street Prison, Saint Louis.

There are a few prisoners, civil and military, at various stations in the western part of Virginia of whom I have not yet been able to get rolls, as the jurisdiction of the provost-marshal at Wheeling is not yet very well defined.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel, Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DETROIT, August 12, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS:

Captain Potter reports that he wants 3,000 coats, pants, shirts, hats and shoes for prisoners at Camp Douglas.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DETROIT, August 12, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

Can I be exchanged for a colonel on Johnson's Island? Colonel Hoffman telegraphed you yesterday on the same subject.

P. KINNEY,

Colonel Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

