HEADQUARTERS, Camp Butler, August 12, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: Your communication of July 31 was received in due time. Samuel D. Crane is the name of the citizen under arrest here for harboring an escaped prisoner. He was arrested under the following circumstances: On the afternoon of the 19th of July three prisoners made their escape; two were captured before night. After dark I sent two squads of men to watch certain houses in the neighborhood. During the night some suspected houses were searched. At Crane's a prisoner was found that had been absent from camp month or more. I have the names of some witnesses but have not yet been able to see them to learn what they know. The U. S. marshal requests that Crane may be turned over to him. Unless you desire that a different course should be pursued I will turn him over.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Major, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Camp Butler.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Wayne, Mich., August 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have been informed that the officers of the squadron composing this command, namely, Captain McNally, Lieutenant Cressey and myself, have been regularly exchanged. Supposing that the enlisted men of my command are also included and that their services will be required at once for active service in the field, I respectfully beg that I be furnished with authority to obtain 100 recruits from the draft for 300,000 men called for by the President of the United States to complete my squadron. I also respectfully ask that I may be furnished with horses, horse equipments, arms, &amp;c., necessary to fully equip the command, and I feel fully justified in promising that in the shortest space of time I can furnish a most effective squadron of cavalry for active service in the field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Captain, Third Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SPRINGFIELD, August 12, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 9th instant to Major Fonda, commanding Camp Butler, did not arrive until yesterday after my arrival. The roll for exchange was forwarded on Saturday (9th instant) by mail; the one to Washington some days previous. I am preparing now a roll of the prisoners of war to include all who have ever been at Camp Butler. I am preparing this from the most reliable data that I can find. Can you not furnish me with the number that should have arrived at the camp? There are no reliable date whatever to show the number of prisoners who have arrived at the camp. I am also preparing rolls of those who wish to take the oath of allegiance. The bitter

