
cases here of fathers and sons and of brothers which it is desirable not to separate, and it happens in cases of very well-disposed prisoners. There are also some here who are sick and also some who are useful. Shall I make any exception in these cases when I have another opportunity to send them away?

There is among the prisoners here a concerned plan for general revolt with a view of taking the island and taken their chances for escape. These prisoners have very many desperate men among them and among the higher officers, and they are very influential. So far as I can judge- and I have good means of knowing-this plan of revolt embraces the great body of the prisoners. Our details of guards are so large that with as much care can be exercised with the sick and absent we get on some every other day. There are a few men short in each company and men are so scarce it is difficult to fill them. We are using the utmost vigilance, and while I do not fear a successful attempt the officer as well as myself would feel better if we had another company. It would be a most unfortunate thing for the Government and our officers who are prisoners if any large body of these should escape, and while we here shall do all we can to prevent it if should happen and a larger force would have prevented it it would very unfortunate. I could name a large number of prisoners here who should be in Fort Warren in case no prospect of exchange should result from the present negotiations. Indeed the field here generally exert a very bad influence. There is no dissatisfaction with their treatment (and our personal intercourse is pleasant) which creates this disposition, but it is the result of the restless spirit a sent of very bad rebels. I have written in haste and shall not have this letter copied.

Most respectfully,

WM. S. PIERSON,

NEW YORK, June 18, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

Major Kinsman, aide to General Butler, has surrendered into my custody Piere Soule, Adolphe Mazureauau and servant. What disposition shall I make of them?

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal,

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 19, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York:

The prisoners surrendered to your custody by Major Kinsman you will deliver into the custody of the commander of Fort Lafayette to be held by him until further order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 19, 1862.

Colonel J. E. BAILEY, Prisoners of War, Fort Warren, Mass.

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 7th instant inquiring whether prisoners on being exchanged will be permitted to carry their families

