
feeling existing among the prisoners themselves prevents many from taking the oath. I would recommend that those who take the oath be released before the others are forwarded for exchange. I will to-day dispatch you to amount of clothing actually required by the prisoners before exchange. I shall make a personal inspection of them myself. I find it will amount to considerable, and too much to be purchased from the prisoners' fund. I would recommend, however, that the amount be purchased rather than they be supplied with U. S. uniforms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

P. S. - The mail is just closing. Pardon the hate of this letter.

H. W. F.

AQUA CREEK, August 12, 1862.

Colonel L. C. BAKER.

SIR: I have about eighteen or twenty prisoners, among them the four names you gave me this morning. Will you have the kindness to be at the landing on the arrival?

Respectfully,

J. J. CAMP.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 13, 1862.

Hon. REUBEN HITCHCOCK, Cleveland, Ohio:

I have ordered that you be appointed a special commissioner to hear and determine the cases of state prisoners at Camp Chase. Will you accept the appointment, and when can you enter on the duty? Please answer immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 13, 1862.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

The power of arresting persons in civil life is to be exercised with much caution and only where good cause exists or strong evidence of hostility to the Government. Complaint has been made to the Department of improper arrests in your State in I suppose by your command. Without questioning the direction of your acts the President has deemed it proper to call your attention to the subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 13, 1862.

J. B. TEMPLE, Esq., Frankfort, Ky.:

Your telegram of yesterday of the President has been referred to this Department. The arrests referred to have not been directed by this Department and no information or report concerning them has been received. The policy you indicate corresponds with the views of the Government and direction has this day been given to General

