
I have also in my possession five citizens held under similar charges and liable to the same penalty therefor as the two to whom you referred in your letter of the 8th instant. I propose to make an equitable exchange of these persons for the citizens held by you.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Louisiana, Ky., August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE,Commanding U. S. Forces in Kentucky.

GENERAL: According to orders received from you I have arrested and have now in custody the following names persons: G. M. Whitten, S. W. Porter, J. G. Trimble. I have also arrested David D. Sublet, Henry Hager, A. S. Martin and John M. Burns. I have paroled to go to Virginia to try to effect an exchange for Gordon and several others G. M. Whitten and John M. Burns. I have not much hope of getting Gordon released as I have already made two ineffectual attempts.

I inclose you a letter received from General Williams in reference to it. The letter was intended for me, though addressed to Mr. Swango. Should he still persist in refusing to release him what shall I do with the prisoners I have as hostages?

Since G. M. Whitten has taken the oath and given bond I have not heard of his doing anything which might tend to a violation of it. He has also been of service to me in giving me some important information. In regard to the balance I think they should all be sent off and confined where their influence would not be exerted and felt in this valley.

In reference to the letter sent me directed to you from J. M. Ogden I have to say that though doubtless prompted by patriotic motives still it is in most respects false, having its foundation in floating rumors. John M. Burns came to Prestonburg after I had gone from there and was put under bond and oath without my knowledge or consent. As soon as I heard of it I sent immediately and had him arrested. I am satisfied Mr. Ogden is mistaken about his having been in the quartermaster's department of the rebel Army. Jack [Andrew J.] May has never been at home to my knowledge since I have had command in this valley. I was informed that he had come home or to his mother-in-law's near Prestonburg while we were stationed there. I sent out a scouting party in the night to effect his arrest but was disappointed as my informant was mistaken.

Hoping that my course may be satisfactory to you and promote the welfare of our country.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. CRANOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN EASTERN KENTUCKY, July 4, 1862.

HARRISON SWANGO.

SIR: In reply to your application for an exchange of prisoners under the terms of an agreement between yourself and Colonel Cranor, of the Federal Army, the brigadier-general commanding instructs me to say that he regrets your unfortunate position and is sorry that his sense of duty will not permit him to afford you the specified relief.

