
He has heretofore expressed an opinion upon this subject to parties making similar applications and has given reasons at length for not coinciding with the views of the Federal commandant at Prestonburg. It has been the common practice of the Federal authorities ever since the investment of Kentucky to arrest private citizens in the pursuit of their peaceable avocations and inflict upon them the same imprisonment which they give to prisoners of war. This persecution for opinion's sake has become the recognized policy of the Federal Government and the only way by which Southern sympathizers, young or old, can escape the penalty is by attaching themselves to the Confederate Army.

The Confederate Government has guarded against him unjust and tyrannical proceeding, and has arrested only such persons as were under arms against its authority or persons who by outrages against society and civil law had rendered themselves liable to proper punishment.

The men for whom Colonel Cranor proposes to exchange you and your companions are men whose characters are so well known for infamy that it surprises the general to find that any government would offer them its protection. Robbery, arson and murder are crimes which should not escape punishment even in times of civil war.

In no case can the Confederate Government recognize the right of the Federals to exchange our citizens for what they call their home guards; for persons belonging to this branch of the Federal service wherever taken will be held and treated as highwaymen and outlaws.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. STANTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 13, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: On the 2nd instant I inclosed to you a letter of A. M. Watson in behalf of Joseph F. Houser, a prisoner of war at Chicago, with an indorsement requiring a report in the case. Please attend to the case at once. In the early part of the month I returned for your signature the quartermaster's estimates for clothing for the prisoners, since when I have not heard of them. What have you done to supply this clothing; or are the prisoners still suffering for want of clothing? Having no reports from you and no time to wait longer for your estimates I have telegraphed to the Quartermaster-General to supply Captain Potter with 3,000 coats, 3,000 pants, 3,000 shirts, 3,000 hats and 3,000 shoes. I am not able to say when I will be in Chicago; it depends on when the order for the exchange of prisoners in the West is issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 13, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, Eighth Infantry, Columbus, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: Your telegram of this date is received but I am not able to answer any of the questions it contains. For the present nothing

25 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

