
further will be done in relation to the exchange or release of prisoners. At 2 o'clock this afternoon, having received no reply to my telegram of last night to you, I telegraphed to Governor Tod to obtain the first name of Doctor Williams, it being a matter which requires immediate attention. As the doctor is reported on parole in Columbus I can't understand where the difficulty is in getting his first name, as he will doubtless give it correctly if he is asked for it. If Governor Tod is unable to give me his name I wish on receipt of this to-morrow you would obtain it from the doctor himself, or in his absence from those who know him, and let me know by telegram. If he is not there say where he has gone to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, August 13, 1862.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I would respectfully inform you that Messrs. Soule and Mazureau, political prisoners confined at Fort Lafayette, have requested me to send a telegram to the Hon. Reverdy Johnson at Washington City (in which they offer to give their paroles and a bond), but I have declined to do so until I should communicate with the Department in regard to it, for such I deem to be my orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 22, 1862.

Inform Colonel Burke that the Secretary of War approves his action in respect to the persons within named; that state prisoners should under no circumstances be allowed to communicate with any person except on the express authority of the Secretary of War.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 13, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose to you the statements* of the hospital fund of the prison hospital at Camp Chase for the month of July, 1862, made as directed in your letter of the 4th instant.

As all hospital rations had been drawn on the same returns it was impossible without great labor and liability to error that it should be made in the form required by the commissary regulations, and as the principal point to be obtained is the amount, I directed that it should be ascertained by a direct proportion.

I also inclose the authority* appended to the names of the released

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

