
and paroled prisoners forwarded with the monthly return for July as released and paroled during the month by which they were so released and paroled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 13, 1862.

Quartermaster-General MEIGS:

Ex-Governor Campbell, of Tennessee, is now here as the agent of Governor Johnson for the purpose of releasing prisoners of war who will take the oath of allegiance. Clothing haversacks, &amp;c., and transportation to Nashville will be required. Shall it be supplied? A number will take the oath.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster.

BENTON BARRACKS, Saint Louis, August 13, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON.

SIR: I take the liberty of writing you for the purpose of gaining information. I am a paroled prisoner; was called upon this morning to stand guard which I refused to do as I consider it violating my parole. For this I was arrested and put in the guard-house where I now am. I would not have refused if there had not been men here that are not paroled prisoners and we have to guard them as well as the prisoners. There are now recruits here to do guard duty without our breaking our parole of honor. If you will inform me whether I am right or not you will greatly oblige one who has always been and always hopes to be true to the Constitution.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHARLES L. HUBBS,

Company F, First Minnesota Regiment.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 14, 1862.

OFFICER IN CHARGE OF CONFEDERATE PRISONERS,

Camp Chase, Ohio:

It is believed that a Dr. J. J. Williams is a prisoner in your charge, and if so tell him his wife here and allow him to telegraph to her.

A. LINCOLN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 14, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Dr. J. J. Williams is a prisoner at Camp Chase and has been notified of the permission granted him by the President. As the person first inquired for by the commissary-general of prisoners was Joseph J. Williams I have the honor to state that this is Dr. John J. Williams and his wife's maiden name was Virginia Noll.

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry.

