
COLUMBIA, TENN., August 14, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

There are a number of rebel surgeons in our lines released by Orders, No. 60, who claim the privilege of staying at home with restrictions. Their presence is very injurious to the interests of the Government. Can I not require them to leave the lines or become loyal citizens?

J. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 14, 1862.

W. A. HAMMOND, Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

Allow me to draw your attention to Camp Chase. There are now 1,600 prisoners; one regiment and two-thirds three-months' men on guard duty. Two men regiments are nearly filled. Orders, No. 65 has brought to camp over 3,000 sick soldiers to be examined. The regimental surgeons are busy inspecting their own men and taking care of them. Up till now we got along be employing a contract surgeon and using the paroled surgeons. They are now ordered to report to their regiments, and therefore we now need more help. A first-class man with five good assistant ought to be appointed for this post at once. The examination of sick soldiers being very important ought not to be intrusted to poor hands. I first-class man cannot be procured at the usual rate. Do give me authority to organize a staff for above camp, soldiers waiting examination. Answer immediately.

GUSTAV C. E. WEBER,

Surgeon-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE, August 14, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: Your letter* of to-day proposing that the exchange of prisoners with our respective commands take place to-morrow at Tazewell at 12 o'clock I have just had the honor to receive.

I will cause the prisoners to be delivered to the officers named by you at the time and place designated. I meant by "exchange and parole" in my letter referred to the exchange for Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon and other in your hands Captain Taneyhill and an equivalent of men; the surplus held by me to be paroled agreeably to article 4 of the cartel.

You seem no to have understood that portion of my letter which refers to exchange of citizens. I proposed to make an "equitable exchange of these persons," &amp;c. I respectfully suggest, general, that the terms of their exchange be fixed by the officers appointed to receive the prisoners of war.

I hereby name Colonel Garrott and Captain Mathews to meet the officers designated by you.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

