
with them the Secretary of War directs me to state that no rule has yet been established on this subject, but that when your exchange shall be effected your application will be promptly considered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MCCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

* * * I will to-morrow forward to General Lee a copy of them general order directing that surgeon will not be regarded as prisoners of war and do not doubt but that General Lee will at once issue a similar order.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., June 19, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,Commanding Army of the Potomac, &amp;c.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of the prisoners of war captured by the C. S. forces in the battle of the 31st ultimo on the Chickahominy, and also of those taken on several occasions subsequent to that date.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Military Forces, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a list of prisoners from this army taken by the force under your command. I thank you for responding thus promptly to my proposition on this subject and for relieving the minds of the prisoners' friends.

I shall continue to send you from time to time list of prisoners taken by us and am sure that you will return similar lists.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va,, June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army.

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of the 16th instant asking for information in regard to the subject-matter of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 28th April concerning Judge Edward P. Pitts, of Northampton County, Va.

In reply I have the honor to state that when I ceased to be the commanding general of the Middle Department, in which Accomac and Northampton Counties, Va., are comprised, Judge Pitts was in office but not with my consent or approbation. When I first saw the memorial of Judge Pitts to the Legislature of Virginia I was entering on my

