SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 1. Laclede, August 14, 1862.

Colonel James McFerran, of the First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia; Colonel Odon Guitar, of the Ninth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia; Lieutenant Colonel Alex. M. Woolfolk, of the First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia; Major Alexander W. Millins, of the First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia and Captain Joseh D. N. Thompson, of the Fifth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, are hereby appointed a commission to inquire into and determine the case of Calvin J. Sartain* and of such others as may be laid before the commission. Lieutenant George W. Thompson will act and judge-advocate.

The commission will convene forthwith at Laclede.

BEN. LOAN,Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

[Inclosure.]

Matters charged against Calvin J. Sartain.

1. That the said Calvin J. Sartain is guilty of murder in shooting and killing the pilot of the steam-boat White Cloud. This was done on the Missouri River near Glasgow about the month of August, 1861.

2. That the said Calvin J. Sartain is guilty of marauding and bushwhacking in this, than in the month of August, 1862, he was a member of a band of guerrillas and marauders under the lead of one Poindexter, and in the counties of Boone, Randolph, Howard, Chariton, Carroll, Livingston, and Linn; with said band committed various and divers acts of outrages on loyal inhabitants of said counties, to wit, in stealing horses, guns, forage and various other articles of personal property and also by acquiring from loyal citizens similar kinds of personal property by robbery. Also in arresting and holding as prisoners loyal citizens and in assassinating loyal citizens by shooting them from the brush and other cover and concealed places.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 14, 1862.

STEPHEN D. REED,

U. S. Marshal, Oswego, N. Y.:

All persons arrested for disloyal practices against the United States as per order of the 8th instant you will convey to the Old Capitol Prison in this city with charges and proofs against them to be tried before a military commission. This direction includes David Nychols.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

FORT COLUMBUS, N. Y., August 14, 1862.

General L. THOMAS:

I have just received thirty-three prisoners of war from General Hunter, Port Royal. Shall I send them to Fortress Monroe? There is

---------------

*See Vol. I, this Series, p. 477, for trial of Sartain.

---------------

