
behalf of Joseph F. Houser which you speak of having inclosed to me on the 2nd instant. The only letter which I have from you which could have been written on the 2nd instant is one received on the 4th, the date of which is August -. The estimates for clothing which you returned approved were drawn from Captain Potter immediately and have been issued as required. I forward you to-night the duplicate of rolls sent to the Adjutant-General. I have not received from Captain Christopher the accounts of the prisoners' fund and hospital fund called for by your letter of August 4. I have made the proper demand but am informed by him that the accounts for July are not yet made up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - I did not send you any estimate for clothing for the prisoners on Sunday last as suggested by you in a memorandum handed me by Captain Fowler because you had previously approved of an estimate for clothing which I deem sufficient for the present, and I did not write on Monday to say so as I expected you here on Tuesday morning.

J. H. T.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, Wheeling, August 14, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: A number of prisoners of war sent from here to Camp Chase expressed a desire not to be exchanged but to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. I presume they will be allowed to do so, and in that case I should like to have them report to me at Wheeling for the double purpose of having a record of them and to present them such papers as would have them from molestation and rearrest as long as they remained loyal citizens. I refer to the prisoners who are residents of Virginia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

(Written at the request of the State authorities.)

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, August 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Receiving no order to report to you for exchange after delaying until too late to join my comrades who were sent from Fortress Monroe and exchanged I set out to Washington to deliver myself to you who paroled me at Saint Louis. Knowing my duty was to report to each commanding general by whose post I should pass I accordingly did so at Louisville to General Boyle. He gave me a passport and advised I should report to you immediately. Afterwards my side arms being seen in a baggage wagon by the provost-guard I was placed in prison and thence transferred to this post where I am yet confined. Will you please order my release, as I was informed you alone could do at Louisville, when I will report immediately to you in person. My artillery saddle and housings were returned to Collector Cotton, of

