HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Saint Louis, August 15, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.

MAJOR: I have the honor to ask from the commanding general instructions regarding prisoners captured by guerrillas in Missouri and paroled. You are aware that these guerrilla bands claim to be in the Confederate service and their officers hold commissions from Jefferson Davis. They have captured at various times about 200 of our troops, volunteers and Missouri State militia, and have released them on parole. We have also an equal or larger number of their prisoners. I take it for granted that these prisoners on neither side are to be held subject to exchange. Yet we cannot well disregard the parole given by our own men. It appears to me that the best disposition that can be made of the question is to muster our men out of service and hold the guerrilla prisoners as criminals.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, August 21, 1862.

Suggestions approved and will be carried into effect.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General THOMAS.

DEAR SIR: We have appointed an agent to receive and deliver prisoners at Vicksburg, Major N. G. Watts. He will proceed to Vicksburg to-morrow to be ready to attend to his duty there. I have instructed him to telegraph me immediately on the arrival of any prisoners there, giving me the number of privates and officers, with the respective grades of the latter. I have also directed him to send to me by messenger the rolls as soon as they are delivered. As soon as a shipment is made cannot you be notified, and will you not order a list of such as may be sent to be forwarded to you? This with the list which I shall receive will make a duplicate and enable us to act. I have also instructed Major Watts to gather up the paroles in the West and transmit them to us. Let me hear from you in reply to this. Send it by the guard. Have you any idea when we will have our next meeting? I send you Colonels Corcoran and Willcox; also Major Vogdes and a lieutenant-colonel; also Colonel Corcorann's attendant. We have some 150 offices here whom I am anxious to dispose of. Excuse the haste and pencil of this note.

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. OULD.

AIKEN'S LANDING, VA., August 15, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq.,

Agent for the Exchange of Confederate Prisoners, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: I have received your note of this date and will have a boat at this landing on the 17th instant with an officer to receive the

