
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 15, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

After consulting with ex-Governor Campbell the following communication is respectfully submitted: About three hundred Tennesseeans have taken the oath, and nearly the whole number here will take the oath. They will appear to be loyal and wish to get home. Shall Governor Campbell proceed administering the oath? The Tennessee ought to be discharged or removed from this place, as the feeling of the other prisoners is intensely bitter toward them because of their willingness to take the oath.

JAS. A. EKIN.

DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Morehead City, August 15, 1862.

Mr. GEORGE W. DILL.

DEAL SIR: Learning that you are now under arrest in New Berne from some cause or other unknown to myself I take pleasure in offering any assistance in my power that may not in the slightest particular conflict with our Government in suppressing the present rebellion. I have formed you acquaintance since my arrival in Morehead City and have never seen anything in your conduct which has caused me to regret it or lead me to suppose that you would lend your aid to those who are striving to overthrow the present Government. You have before informed me that you had taken the oath of neutrality and you have always seemed to me determined to abide by it. Of course I can only judge by your conduct when around our office and anything further I should be unable to say. If this will be of any benefit to you you are at liberty to use it.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. E. DANA.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, New Berne, September 11, 1862.

The oath of neutrality is not sufficient it appears to prevent Mr. Dill expressing treasonable sentiments. Mr. George E. Dana will prove more useful to the United States by attending to his proper business.

J. G. FOSTER,Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, No. 2. Laclede, Mo., August 15, 1862.

In pursuance of the annexed finding of facts, and the recommendation therein contained, it is hereby ordered that the said Calvin Sartain at the hour of 4 p. m. this day be shot to death.

Lieutenant-Colonel Woolfolk, of the Fifth Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, will cause to be made the necessary detail of men to execute this order.

Captain Shelton, of Company F [D], of the Fifth [First] Regiment Missouri State Militia, will superintend the execution.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

