
[Inclosure.]

The undersigned officers having investigated the charges against Calvin Sartain, find as follows, viz:

That a military commission* held in Columbia, Mo., did find the said Calvin Sartain guilty of firing upon the steam-boat White Cloud. Military commission passed sentence of death against said Calvin Sartain, which sentence was approved by Major-General Halleck.

We further find that the said Calvin Sartain, escaped from the military authorities at Saint Louis and for some time afterwards avoided the military authority by lying in the brush; that about three weeks ago the said Sartain in company with others aided in raising a company for the Southern Army in Missouri, of which company he was a third lieutenant; that two weeks since the said Sartain united his company to the command of the notorious Poindexter and has been acting with him until the 13th of August, 1862, when he was captured by the military authorities near Laclede.

We further find that all the foregoing acts of the said Sartain were committed north of the Missouri River and within Federal lines. We, the undersigned officer, having found the above facts do believe that the public safety requires that sentence heretofore passed against the said Sartain be carried into execution.

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

ODON GUITAR,

Colonel Ninth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

ALEX M. WOOLFOLK,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major, First Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

JOSEPH D. N. THOMPSON,

Captain, Fifth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

GEO. W. THOMPSON,

Lieutenant and Judge-Advocate.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 16, 1862.

Captain EKIN, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Your telegram respecting prisoners cannot be answered until the return of Adjutant-General Thomas.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, August 16, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, Commanding Fort Columbus, N. Y.

COLONEL: The Secretary of War directs that you send the prisoners of war reported by you as at Fort Columbia to Fort Delaware under suitable escort.

An order was sent you by telegraph a few days since to receive and receipt for all deserters delivered to you by Mr. Kennedy, chief of

---------------

*See Vol. I, this Series, p. 476, for General Orders, No. 19, Department of the Mississippi, covering original case of Sartain.

---------------

