
execution of these orders Judge Steele was appointed a special messengers to bear them to their destination. What action was taken by General Halleck under the order delivered to him I unable to say.

the order for the rifles and ammunition was honored at Leavenworth and on the 16th of April they were delivered to the superintendent in Southern Kansas. For some was heard of the expedition, but on the 16th day of May I received a communication from Colonel Furnas, of the First Indian Regiment, inclosing an order issued by General Sturgis for the arrest of all officers and others engaged in executing the order of the War Department relating to Indian home guards. I mention these particulars to show that I had reason to consider these people as only temporarily in Kansas and to expect from week to week that they would be on their way home.

After the order to arrest the officers engaged in organizing the Indian home guards the changes in the command of the Kansas Military Department were so rapid that I have been unable to keep pace with the proceedings, but from the best information I have I believe the expedition if not already started will soon be en route for its destination.

Superintendent Coffin estimates the per diem expense of subsisting these Indians at 15 cents each. An estimate furnished to me by Captain Turn, chief of the commissary department at Fort Leavenworth, was the basis of my instructions to Agent Kile and Superintendent Coffin. In this connection see paper marked D. Learning that Mr. Collamore was in this city and had recently visited these Indians and made careful investigation as to their numbers and condition, and believing that information deliver from him would be reliable, as at the commencement of the rebellion he was selected at State agent and quartermaster to provide substance and forage for the Kansas troops, I have procured from him a report of the numbers and the various tribes comprising these refugees, and his estimate of the cost of clothing and subsistence necessary for given time, a copy of which is herewith marked F.

I have no means other than these estimates to even approximate the daily expense of feeding and clothing these Indians. Some $25,000 of accounts for purchases have been forwarded here, examined and paid From $50,000 have been forwarded to Superintendent Coffin, but not account of his disbursements me, though I learn by telegraph that his accounts for the past quarter are on the way. I have as instructed by your ordered the accounts for the present quarter forwarded to this office for examination before payment.

Special Agent Kile is still employed under his original instructions, as I have seen to reason to change them and to not know what day the removal of the Indians will enable me to dispense with his services.

For your information I will state the mode of distributing the articles purchased, whether of clothing or provision. Agent Kile makes no disbursements but turns over to Superintended Coffin all purchases taking his receipt therefor. No claim or account is allowed expect such as are certified by Agent Kile and Superintendent Coffin. Mr. Curther, of Kansas, agent for the Creeks; Mr. Coleman, of Indiana agent for the Choctaws and Chickasaw; Mr. Chatterton, of Illinois agent for the Cherokees; Mr. Snow, of Indiana, agent for the Seminoles, and Mr. Carruth, of Kansas, agent for the Wichitas, are upon the ground acting as commissaries of their respective tribes, and to them the goods are delivered for distribution by Superintendent Coffin, he taking their receipt for the same. When founds are in the hands of

