HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Huntsville, August 16, 1862.

General E. K. SMITH, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I deem it proper to make the following statement in relation to the case of Surgeon Dixon, C. S. Army.

He was released some weeks ago under the general arrangement relating to medical officers and on the 26th of July reached my headquarters. He asked authority to go through our lines to Chattanooga, making a special request to go by Decatur. An order was made as he desired and when given to him he asked that he be permitted to go via Eastport, which was declined. He then went to the headquarters of the general commanding in Huntsville and procured a pass from a staff officer to go by some other route, concealing the fact that he had received a pass and instructions at my headquarters. He then gave to another party (to be returned to me as he states) the pass first given him and went to Battle Creek where he was stopped, the pass being insufficient.

The conduct of this officer was no unnecessary and extraordinary as to seem to met to merit a forfeiture of the privilege which has been extended to medical officers by both the U. S. and Confederate authorities with reference to medical officers, and accordingly I have treated him as a prisoner of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,[D. C. BUELL,]

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, August 16, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I have just arrived at this place with Colonels Corcoran and Willcox, Lieutenant-Colonel Bowman and Major Vogdes and expect to leave with them for Washington by the Potomac this evening. I have exchanged 320 officers, among them Lieutenant-Colonel Kane, and send a steamer to-morrow to Aiken's for 130 officers confined in Richmond.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 16, 1862. - For letter of Brigadier-General Saxton to the Secretary of War, proposing to organize colored refugees, &c., and the Secretary's answer of August 26, 1862, see Series I, Vol. XIV, p. 374 et seq.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Detroit, Mich., August 16, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, Eighth U. S. Infantry, Columbus, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: Dr. S. R. Lupton, a prisoner at Camp Chase, has appealed to me to be released or paroled on the ground that he is a medical officer. His first letter to me has been mislaid and I therefore do not know whether I understand his case exactly. I do not now remember the circumstances under which he was apprehended. If he was captured while living at home because he belonged to the rebel army as a medical officer then he has grounds for his application; but if he was home on parole or otherwise and was arrested for any other cause then

