
he can claim no exemption on the score of his being a physician. Please inquire into the case and explain my views to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, August 16, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: With regard to the allegations made against Lieutenant Wood I am progressing with it. Communications have to be had with U. S. marshal's office in New York and other matters to be attended to. As soon as I possibly can I will send you the report on the matter directed by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 16, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: The roll is still open for signatures of the prisoners of war who desire to take the oath of allegiance. About 120 have signed the roll. Many more will sign if the roll is still kept open. All now have had an opportunity to sign the roll. Shall I know close it and forward it to you? I have endeavored to make this matter as voluntary as possible with them. While no inducement has been offered to encourage them to sign every endeavor has been made to prevent them from being discouraged, threatened or otherwise prevented from signing. Many here desire to sign but have taken the oath to serve the Confederacy and their time has not expired. They say they cannot conscientiously sign until their term of service has expired. Have you any instructions regarding these? The work upon the general roll of the prisoners is progressing as rapidly as possible. It is a great deal of labor to make this roll correct where the data are so limited, conflicting and unreliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS, August 16, 1862.

Captain GUSTAV HOVEN,

Acting Provost-Marshal, Saint Charles, Mo.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th and to say in reply thereto:

1. General Orders, Numbers 300, issued herefrom authorizes the arrest of all persons including females who by association, conversation or writing indicate rebellious sympathies.

26 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

