
III. Should the sums received by the officer be considerable he may give a receipt for the same.

IV. All receipts taken from prisoners will be kept carefully on file ready for inspection at any time by the proper authority.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, August 16, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Third Artillery, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor.

COLONEL: I would respectfully submit the following in answer to the statements of W. H. Sweeting, master of the schooner Mersey, B. W. Sanders and A. O. Stone, prisoners, who have been under my charge:

1. The statement of W. H. Sweeting in regard to the property he mentions being taken from him on his arrival at this post is true and was done in obedience to my instructions; that it was returned to him on his release I submit the inclosed statements of Special Deputy U. S. Marshal John H. Smith and S. G. Penney, second lieutenant, Ninth Infantry.

2. In answer to the charge of B. W. sanders and A. O. Stone I submit a copy of Lieutenant Casey's receipt to me for the money belonging to the prisoners transferred to Fort Delaware and a memorandum of the amount of gold turned over to said Lieutenant Casey.

B. W. Sanders states that the amount of money paid to him by Captain Gibson, commanding Fort Delaware, was all (or nearly so) Delaware money. I hereby certify that I turned over no such money to Lieutenant Casey. That the money designated as "current" in his receipt was U. S. Treasury notes and silver.

B. W. Sanders states that the amount of money turned over by me to Lieutenant Casey was $10. 66 short of the amount which he gave to me. I certify that I did not remove his money from the portemounnaie in which it was when I received it until I turned it over to Lieutenant Casey, and that there was but $66. 34 in it.

In regard to the pistol of A. O. Stone I submit he inclosed statement of Samuel G. Penney, second lieutenant, Ninth Infantry.

To show you that mistakes have been made at Fort Delaware in regard to the property of the prisoners I respectfully submit the inclosed copy of letters received from a. Lawrence and R. C. Barkley.

I beg leave to submit to your inspection my books which show that I have had in my possession over $20,000 belonging to prisoners who have been confined here, and I refer to the many officers and marshals who have taken prisoners from here for evidence that they have never heard one word of complaint on the part of prisoners about their money or effects.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, ss:

John H. Smith a special deputy U. S. marshal, being duly sworn deposed and says: That he was sent by Robert Murray, U. S. marshal, to

