
who had property in store here to the store-room and gave to each one that which belonged to him with this exception, viz: 1 revolver belonging to A. O. Stone; 2 small pistols, belt holster and bowie-knife belonging to B. W. Sanders, which were forgotten both by the prisoners and myself. Some days afterwards I discovered these articles and reported the fact to Lieutenant Wood, who directed me to pack them in a box and sent them to the commanding officer at Fort Delaware which I did.

SAM. G. PENNEY,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry.

[Sub-inclosure No. 6.]

FORT DELAWARE, July 16, 1862.

Lieutenant WOOD.

SIR: Captain Gibson informs me has $12. 84 to my credit. I think there must be some mistake as I deposited between $45 and $50 with you. I have only paid to Sergeant Graves $7. 90, therefore I ought to have considerable more to my credit here.

Please inform me what amount you turned over to Lieutenant Casey, and oblige,

ALEX. LAWRENCE.

[Sub-inclosure No. 7.]

FORT DELAWARE, July 22, 1862.

Lieutenant WOOD.

SIR: Yours of the 21st instant is at hand. Your account is exactly what Captain Gibson has to my credit. I was misinformed by the sutler, who stated that Captain Gibson had but $12. 84 to my account which he said he copied from Captain Gibson's account book. To-day I saw Captain Gibson. He gave me the correct account which is the same as yours.

Thanking you for the prompt manner in which you replied to my request, &amp;c.,

I am, very respectfully,

ALEX. LAWRENCE.

Mr. Barkley's things are correct.

[Sub-inclosure No. 8.]

Lieutenant C. O. WOOD.

SIR: I am informed that no valuables or money have been turned over to Captain A. A. Gibson of mine. You will please recollect that I placed in your hands a portemonnaie containing a valuable pin and an English sovereign fitted as a charm with engraving on it; also a $5 note.

R. C. BARKLEY.

[AUGUST 17, 1862. -For petition of the survivors of the Andrews railroad raid in April, 1862, to be placed on the footing of prisoners of war and for other papers concerning that event, see Series I, Vol. X, Part I, p. 630 et seq.]

