HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., August 18, 1862.

A. N. ZEVELY, Third Assistant Postmaster-General.

SIR: Under the articles of agreement entered into by Major-General Hill and myself for a general exchange of prisoners of war all prisoners captured on either side are to be released on parole and sent across the lines within ten days. I think therefore as soon as the prisoners of war who have been confined in the Western States are sent to Vicksburg there will be no need of forwarding letters, the prisoners on this side of the Allegheny Mountains having already been delivered near Richmond with the exception of some who from sickness or wounds are too feeble to travel. Perhaps it might be well for you to you to forward these letters for two or three weeks longer, say till the 15th of September; after that time I think it will be needless.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON, Nashville, Tenn.:

I presented the case of the Eastern Tennessee Union citizens in confinement to Robert Ould, esq., agent for the exchange of prisoners, who informed me that the Union citizens were divided into three classes, those of the third class being those who expressed their sentiments fully and were regarded as violent in their opposition and that this was the class in confinement and held as prisoners of state. This exchange of prisoners of state is not held as obligatory.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your telegram of the 12th instant has been received by the Quartermaster-General. In reply he directs me to communicate with you by letter as to the propriety of issuing clothing to the prisoners of war who are about to be sent South. In his opinion issues to them should not be made unless an imperative necessity therefor exists. It would be almost a direct issue to the Southern Army, as the prisoners returning will take their places in the ranks immediately on their arrival South.

By order of the quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. J. PERRY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, August 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: On the 25th of June last I was taken prisoner on the railroad between Memphis and Corinth and was paroled by the rebel Colonel

