
Jackson for sixty days on condition that I should endeavor to procure my exchange for Colonel Alexander J. Brown, a brother-in-law of Colonel Jackson. Some time since I addressed a letter to the Secretary of War stating these circumstances and requesting that the proposed exchange might be made, which letter I forwarded to Edward Jordan, Solicitor of the treasury, with a request that the would lay it before the Secretary. I soon after received from Mr. Jordan a telegram directing me to apply to Colonel Hoffman at Detroit. I immediately went to Detroit and had an interview with Colonel Hoffman who telegraphed to the authorities here for instructions. After waiting several days and receiving no reply I came to this city and called upon General Thomas, the Adjutant- General, who informed me that being on the point of leaving the city he could not give attention to my application.

I have now to beg that you will consider my application and if possible authorize the proposed exchange and thus relieve me from the unpleasant necessity of returning to Alabama and surrendering myself a prisoner of war. For a more detailed statement of the circumstances of my capture I refer to my former communication. I may, however, here state that on making known to General Grant the arrangement with Colonel Jackson he approved it; said he would aid me in perfecting it and wrote to the Department her on the subject.

I have the honor to be, with high respect,

P. KINNEY,

Colonel Fifty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 18, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Springfield, IL.

CAPTAIN: Yours of the 16th is received. It is not a roll of prisoners who wish to take the oath of allegiance signed by themselves that is required but duplicate rolls made out in form, and these I presume will be accompanied by a separate oath of allegiance for each man. But the roll of signatures which you have prepared may be of use and I wish you to preserve them. I think it very possible that at the last moment many will decide to take the oath who are now deterred by their associations with violent secessionists. Please retain the rolls till they are called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 18, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, IL.

COLONEL: Your letters of the 15th and 16th are received. Any moneys which may be left in your hands belonging to deceased prisoners of war will be expended for the benefit of the sick in hospital. Ascertain the whole amount and keep it in hand until the exchange takes place when there must necessarily be a number of sick left at

