
the camp and this money may then be used to purchase for them necessary articles which they could not otherwise obtain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 18, 1862.

Colonel B. G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: Return are required monthly and not for parts of a month, and I have to request you will make up a return for the month of July and accompany it with lists of those joined, transferred, &amp;c., to explain alterations, giving dates and all necessary particulars. It is only by this means that the records in this office can be made to show what becomes of prisoners. Please see paragraph 1 of circular of regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your letter* of the 11th instant inclosing Captain McClung's estimate* for a hospital at Camp Chase has been received and the estimate has been approved and referred to Captain Dickerson, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, Cincinnati, to furnish the funds required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. SIBLEY,

Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, Deputy Quartermaster-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., August 19, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding the Army.

GENERAL: The steamer Star came down from Aiken's Landing last night with 165 released prisoners, all but two prisoners of war. Some of them were captured at Manassas, others at Ball's Bluff; some belong to regiments which have been mustered out of service by expiration of their term of enlistment; most of them belong to corps which are now and will be shortly nearer to Washington than to this post and nearly all are destitute of arms, clothing and everything necessary for the field. All are more or less in want of money and have pay due them.

Under the circumstances as there is no room for them here I have thought it best to send them to Washington to receive your orders. I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

