
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Attention in respectfully directed to telegram referring to release of rebel prisoners. Governor Campbell is awaiting instructions . All well in Indiana.

JAS. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 19, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: By direction of Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, I send you by express to-day rolls of prisoners at the depot under your command for the purpose of exchange. These rolls have been prepared from and are as correct as can be got by the rolls furnished by you. I find, however, that there are two names less on them than the number given on your return for July. In correcting this discrepancy please send those names to this office in order that the records here may be full.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN STIRLING,

Clerk to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 19, 1862.

Major F. F. FLINT, Commanding Military Prison, Alton, IL.

MAJOR: By direction of Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, I send you to-day rolls of prisoners of war at Alton to be used for the purpose of exchange. These rolls are as full as the records received from you at this office furnish the material, but from a return received from Colonel Farrar, provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis, it would appear that a number of prisoners have been sent since July 19 from Saint Louis to Alton, of which no particulars have been received at this office. It will be necessary to add to the rolls sent to you to-day those names which have been received since the return and rolls you forwarded at the first of this month.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN STIRLING,

Clerk to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HARDINSBURG, IND., August 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

SIR: Inclosed please find a letter from Captain Austin. If there is any possible chance to do anything in the case and you would do me an everlasting favor for God's sake help him.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. A. CRAVENS,

Member of Congress.

