
[Inclosure.]

SALISBURY PRISON, N. C., July 22, 1862.

J. A. CRAVENS, Member of Congress Washington, D. C.

DEAR FRIEND: We were informed this morning by Colonel Godwin, commandant of the prison, that the two Governments had agreed upon a general exchange of prisoners. He also informs me that the Secretary of War gave him orders to hold the four hostages until they receive notice from the United States that they would deliver or give notice that they had put the two captains and two doctors upon a footing as prisoners of war. Until that is done we will have to remain here in close confinement after our brother officers have been released. I want officers are Surg. Georgia [D.] Slocum, New York, Navy; Surg. J. B. Hoffman, Cincinnati; Captain T. O. Meara, Forty-second New York, and your friend Captain George Austin, Second Kentucky Infantry. I do not fancy the idea of staying here after they have all gone. I never did admire the position that I have been filling for over twelve months here in the South. I wish you would see George H. Pendleton, Member of Congress from Cincinnati, and let him know in regard to Doctor Hoffman. The surgeons and chaplains leave for home to-night or to-morrow. This will be handed to you by one of them. The officers will leave here for our lines within a week; then we four hostages will have a good time hoping for our release. Now my dear-friend do all you can for us. My health has been very good. Yours, truly,

GEORGE AUSTIN,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF EAST TENNESSEE,Barboursville, August 20, 1862.

General GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of prisoners captured by the Confederate forces who have been released on giving the usual parole not to serve the United States until regularly exchanged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose papers from Brigadier-General Boyle, commanding U. S. forces in Kentucky, and respectfully recommend that authority be granted him to control the prisoners sent from Kentucky to Camp Chase, Ohio, so far as to obtain the discharge of such persons as have been imprisoned there for trivial offenses or shall satisfy the commanding general (Boyle) by proofs that they have been wrongfully arrested and imprisoned.

Respectfully submitted.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

