
[Inclosure. No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN KENTUCKY,Louisville, August 7, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the inclosed papers to you. Prisoners sent to prison for the most trivial causes by provost-marshals under general order from me, and even men whom Honorable James Harlan, U. S. district attorney, declared to me are Union men, cannot be released.

I am, very respectfully,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL,Covington, August 4, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE.

SIR: Inclosed please find copy of letter sent me by Colonel Allison, commanding post at Camp Chase. The disregard for your order which I forwarded him concerning the release of certain prisoners will necessarily cause your department much trouble unless speedily rectified.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES L. FOLEY,

Provost-Marshal, Kenton County.

[Inclosure to sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, August 2, 1862.

Marshal JAMES L. FOLEY,Provost-Marshal of Kenton County:

My instructions are not to release any prisoners in my custody unless upon the order of Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, or the War Department. At the request of John P. McLaughlin, esq., I telegraphed to Colonel Hoffman to-day stating your order and that of General Boyle to you and asking whether I shall deliver Henry Tarvin up, to which he declines to reply. I must therefore respectfully decline to deliver the prisoner to Mr. McLaughlin under your order.

Yours, respectfully,

C. W. B. ALLISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN KENTUCKY,Louisville, August 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: Your dispatch of this date is just received. In reply I beg leave to say for information of the President that many arrests are made by provost-marshals without my authority and in some cases without proper cause. Some of these officers were in office when I was assigned to this command and a number have been appointed by me. In some cases persons arrested have been sent to Camp Chase by the provost-marshals. I have written to the Department asking authority to control the prisoners from Kentucky, stating that quite a number of them were arrested for trivial offenses and some even I have

