
been assured were Union men. Some prisoners have been arrested and sent to prison for special purposes of public interest for temporary confinement until the object was accomplished deemed for public good, but such prisoners are still held in confinement. I have no control of prisoners after they enter Camp Chase. For some reason this control of the prisoners is withheld from me. I send copy of letter of instructions which has always been sent to every provost-marshal in the State to guard against improper arrests. I have no doubt, however, that they are occasionally made with all the precaution used by me.

There are many so-called Union men in Kentucky who still cling to a hope of reconciliation and believe in a policy of leniency. I believe in subjugation-complete subjugation by hard and vigorous dealing with traitors and treason. Any other policy I beg to say in my opinion will be ruinous to us in Kentucky. The lukewarm Union men only complain of arrests. I am prepared to adopt any policy the President or you, Mr. Secretary, may indicate to suppress this rebellion. The duties and responsibilities of the position are so great and the labors so arduous with the few officers allowed on my staff that I have felt compelled to appoint Lieutenant Colonel Henry Dent provost-marshal-general for Kentucky, who has charge of this whole subject under my direction. He is a sensible, prudent and discreet officer, and I feel assured he will as far as practicable provide against the evil complained of.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN KENTUCKY,Louisville, August -, 1862.

Extract from written instructions sent to provost-marshals when appointed:

* * * You are ordered to make no arrests except for grave and serious charges where proof is clear. Expenses of guards and transportation will not be paid unless the same be ordered from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH, Military Governor, &amp;c.

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War I send an officer of the rebel army, Major Norman R. Fitz Hugh, j to be confined in the Old Capitol until further orders.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, August 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Arrived last evening and had interviews with Governors Morton an Campbell and Colonel Hoffman. Everything going on well. The

