
exchanged or paroled in ten days from the time of their capture if it be practicable," &amp;c. This plainly makes it the duty of the capturing party to parole, and assuredly the execution of your order must nullify that agreement and in a short while lead to consequences of a dual character which it is thought you can scarcely desire shall characterize the war on this border.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,August 21, 1862.

Mrs. LUCY L. TEMPLE, Fredericksburg, Va.

MADAM: Your application for the release of your husband, Benjamin Temple, having been referred to the general commanding the Military District of Washington he has directed me to inform you that he cannot be released until exchanged for one of the Union prisoners now confined by the authorities at Richmond.

I am, madam, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, August 21, 1862.

Colonel P. KINNEY, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Columbus, Ohio.

COLONEL: I shall return to Sandusky in a day or two when Colonel Quarles will be released on parole to be exchanged for you. The exchange will not be perfected till General Thomas returns to Washington and then he will notify you of the fact. If you leave Columbus send him your address.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, August 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: When the prisoners of this camp leave for exchange will the balances in my hands be paid to them in cash and if so in what description of money? If possible I would like to be apprised of the probable time when the prisoners will be ordered away, as it will require some preparation to enable me to settle their accounts promptly and accurately. There should be no orders certified for at least three days before the period fixed for their departure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Post.

