
WHEELING, VA., August 21, [1862.]

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT, Governor of Virginia.

SIR: I have personally examined this morning twenty-seven prisoners from Ritchie and Tyler Counties. They all declare their intention to have been to avoid the draft and declare themselves determinedly as Southern-rights men. Those who do not acknowledge their resolution to have been to join the rebel army do not hesitate to say they would fight for the Confederacy if they fought at all. Under these circumstances with your approval I propose to send them to Camp Chase. I will examine others to-day and report further.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Provost-Marshal-General of Virginia.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., August 21, [1862.]

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: The sworn evidence against all political prisoners sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, is on file in my office and it is the desire of Governor Peirpoint that none be released without his sanction directly or through me. I requested Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, to order by telegraph the release of W. L. Goshorn, of this city, on oath and bond. Mr. Goshorn was sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, for refusing at first to take the oath. He is now willing to do so, &amp;c. He is a brother-in-law of Brigadier-General Kelley. I mention this case as I understood Goshorn to write home that some one besides Colonel Hoffman had control of his case.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshall-General of Virginia.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 22, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

The following order has been made and will be transmitted by to-morrow's mail with instructions. In the meantime Judge Hitchock may proceed in his duties:

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 14, 1862.

Ordered, Than the Honorable Reuben Hitchcock be and he is hereby appointed a special commissioner to investigate and report upon the cases of all state prisoners in custody at Camp Chase.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

There will be no objection to the discharge of any person whose discharge you may recommend unless there should be objection by the local authorities of the State to which the prisoner belongs. The President thinks that the State Governors should be consulted after the commissioner's report is made and their objections heard before final discharge.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

