
SAINT PAUL, MINN., August 22, 1862.

E. M. STANTON:

The Third Regiment of Minnesota Volunteers is on parole at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis. We need a well-drilled force of which we are now utterly destitute to resist the overwhelming force of Indians now attacking our frontier settlements. Cannot your order the Third Regiment to report at once to me, with arms and ammunition, of which we are in great need? This service would not be a violation of their parole. The exigency is pressing. Reply immediately.

ALEX. RAMSEY.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.

August 22, 1862.

Major-General DIX.

GENERAL: I am advised that you are about to communicate with the authorities at Richmond by flag of truce and have the honor to send to you a list of prisoners held as hostages for the United citizens held by the authorities at Richmond. I inclose to you likewise a list of the prisoners held at Richmond who are known to me or represented on what I deem to be good authority as held simply because they are Unionists and not under any charge of crime or violation of law. I send you likewise a copy of Tribune containing a list of Union prisoners said to be in prison at Salisbury, N. C.

I beg leave likewise to call your attention to the following statement of facts: In the month of June I arrested General A. Rogers, of Londoun, Mr. Joshua C. Gunnell, of Fairfax, and five other citizens, advising them that I held them as hostages for T. Turner and his four sons, Wybert and Peacock.

On the 15th day of July General Rogers brought me a copy of an order from Mr. Randolph, Secretary of War, for the release of these men, whereupon I at once released General Rogers, Mr. Gunnell and five others. The parties ordered to be released by Mr. Randolph have not yet reached home and I understand are still in prison at Salisbury.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT.

The following is a list of prisoners names sent to General Dix with letter Numbers 514. The persons asked by the rebels for the first three named were Richard Washington, R. E. De Atley and Rufus King.

John Evans, Fredericksburg, Va. ; A. Van Dorn, Falmouth, Va. ; Burnham Wardwell, W. Fay, J. T. Pritchard, Richmond, Va. ; Charles Williams, Fredericksburg, Va. ; John Light, Thomas Morrison, M. Morrison, Spotsylvania County, Va. ; Julius Visser, Washington, D. C. ; George Bayless, Fairfax County, Va. ; Peter Couse, Spotsylvania County, Va. ; William Smith, Emanuel Rouse, Isaac Slater, Armstead Magaha, John Gross, Loudoun County, Va. ; J. W. Wightman, Oliver L. Miller, W. H. Smith, W. E. Gosling, John Beltzhoover, John Bryant, Legrand Hart, Thomas G. Smythe, Isaac Brown, Thomas McCombs, John Haney, taken at Savage Staunton, Va. ; Henry Dane, Joseph Chamberlain, L. Dowell, John Dowell, A. Doughty, G. Doughty, J. W. Wal-

27 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

