
dron, James Gordon, A. Abbott, J. M. Dowell, Prince William County Va. ; Captain Lyman Isaacs, taken prisoner at Winchester in Banks retreat.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 22, 1862.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest, Helena, Ark.

GENERAL: Having been charged with the duty of exchanging prisoners of war it is important that I should be furnished with accurate lists of all Confederate prisoners subject for exchange. Will you please furnish me at the earliest day possible (to be forwarded to Washington) a list of any you may have paroled, specifying rank and regiment, and in case of enlisted men the letter of the company; also lists of any prisoners held in your camp. If you have made any exchanges lists of such showing fro whom the officers and men were exchanged should be sent to the Adjutant-General's Office. The place of delivery is at or near Vicksburg, Miss., where you can send under flag of truce any prisoners you may parole for exchange, taking receipts on the lists from the agent who receives them, one to be delivered to said agent, the other to be forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, August 22, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. McKEAN,

Commanding at Benton Barracks, Mo.

GENERAL: The Adjutant-General of the Army desires that you will forward to his office as early as possible a list in duplicate giving names, rank, companies and regiments of all Federal paroled to be exchanged and now at Benton Barracks.

It is very urgent that this list should be in duplicate and furnished as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, NO. 288. New Orleans, August 22, 1862.

Edward Le Beau having in conjunction with Edgar Le Beau against the order of the commanding general of this department destroyed arms belonging to the Confederate States for the purpose of depriving the United States of the use of the arms and having buried arms for the purpose of depriving the United States of them, are sentenced to confinement on Ship Island for the term of one year. The arms will be confiscated, and the negro boy who gave the information of the concealed arms-George Washington Walker-will be emancipated The proper act of emancipation will be made out by the provost court for that purpose.

By order of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

