
HELENA, ARK., August 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding U. S. Army.

SIR: To-day for the first time a letter from General Lee,* C. S. Army, dated near Richmond, 2nd instant, fell under my observation charging Brigadier General G. N. Fitch with having murdered in cold blood two peaceful citizens. I have no claim to the title, being plain colonel, but am doubtless the officer alluded to. Some journal lauded me during the late White River Expedition for the alleged hanging of two hostages. General Lee censures me for the same supposed act.

The praise and censure or alike undeserved and the charge in both cases without the shadow of foundation in fact. However many of them may have deserved different treatment not a man was killed by the troops under my command except in fair action.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel Forty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Commanding Brigade and late White River Expedition.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, August 22, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Colonel W. A. Quarles, of the Forty-second Tennessee Regiment, a prisoner of war at the Sandusky depot, will be exchanged for Colonel P. Kinney, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, and to this end you will grant to Colonel Quarles a parole by which he will be bond to proceed via Saint Louis to Vicksburg, Miss., and then report himself in person on or before the 15th of September next to Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, agent for the delivery of prisoners of war or whoever may be ding this duty. In the parole in addition to the ordinary restrictions you will require the colonel to pledge himself that he will in no way directly or indirectly by word or act give countenance or encouragement to resistance to the authority of the United States, or do anything in any way prejudicial to its interest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, August 22, 1862.

Colonel D. G. ROSE, Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.

COLONEL: The prisoners of war at Camp Morton will be immediately transferred under the supervision of Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, to Vicksburg, Miss., for exchange. They will be divided into three parties which will leave the camp on successive days beginning to-morrow by cars for Cairo, where they will embark on steamboats. A company will be detailed as a guard for each party and the three companies will return from Vicksburg together under command of the senior officer. Captain Lazelle will communicate to you may instructions in relation to the details of the movement. The guerrillas and

---------------

*See Lee to General Commanding U. S. Army, August 2, p. 328.

---------------

