
custody of Marshal Murray, and safely keep them without allowing them to hold communication with any other person until further orders.

Acknowledge by telegraph.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS:

Piere Soule and Adolphe Mazureau have arrived and are now confined at Fort Lafayette.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

DETROIT, June 19, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Telegram this moment received from Major W. S. Pierson, commanding Johnston's Island, Sandusky, says a large scheme is on foot for revolt of prisoners with aid from Canada. Will you come here immediately as Colonel Hoffman has not yet arrived here. I advise you.

G. W. HOFFMAN

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, June 19, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN.

DEAR SIR: I wrote you hastily yesterday and on account of further developments I sent dispatch to-day, and hearing from br[other] I writte a word as I have only time before the last boat. I learn in substance that the prisoners have a military organization; that they have a general and adjutant and other officers; that they are to obey orders; that they are to revolt and that the leaders assure them that they will have abundance of transportation from Canada, with aid from the water; that our guards will be driven back and they will rush out; that arrangements are made to this effect, &amp;c. Of course how far this is true I can only judge from what I learn in confidence from the prisoner who betrays, coupled with many corroborating circumstances.

I received dispatch from General Thomas last evening putting me on my guard, stating that "a scheme is reported to be on foot in Canada by Southern sympathizers to release the prisoners on the island. Be on your guard. " It is consistent with what I am informed from within the prison. I have replied to his dispatch and asked if the U. S. steamer Michigan could not be sent here. I do not see any good she does in Buffalo or Erie, and our boat here would be nowhere in case they come with such preparation as is threatened. I have invoice of another mountain howitzer, but it has not arrived. As your br[other] telegraphed you were not at Detroit I write this, as it may be in Detroit as soon as you are so you can understand to what I refer in my dispatch.

Your, most respectfully,

WM. S. PIERSON.

