
All moneys belonging to prisoners in the hands of Colonel Rose will be turned over to you with a detailed account of the amount due each person, and the amount will be given to the prisoners by you when they are turned over to the Confederate agent.

You will be furnished with duplicate rolls of all prisoners to be exchanged, and when they are delivered to the agent of the Confederate States you will take his receipt on both rolls for all prisoners present, one of the rolls being left in his hands and the other you will forward to the Adjutant-General at Washington.

All the prisoners of war at Camp Chase, Sandusky depot, Camp Douglas, Camp Butler and the military prison at Alton, Ill., in all about 12,000, will be forwarded to Vicksburg via Cairo where they will report to you, and you will deliver them to the agent of the Confederate States, being governed by the above instructions.

As soon as you can dispense with the services of the several guards you will order them to their respective stations.

Having performed this service you will report to me in person at Detroit, Mich.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, August 22, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: You will superintend the forwarding from Camp Morton to Cairo, Ill., the prisoners of war ordered to Vicksburg for exchange according to the instructions furnished the commander of the camp. You will carefully compare the rolls which accompany each detachment with the men present and see that they are strictly correct, and you will certify on the back of the rolls to this effect. See that the accounts of money belonging to prisoners which are sent with each detachment are carefully and accurately made out. Administer the oath of allegiance to all prisoners of war who are willing to take it and release them. Have duplicate rolls of all who are thus released prepared, one copy to be sent to the Adjutant-General at Washington and one to the office of the commissary-general of prisoners. A party of guerrilla prisoners and a party of political prisoners are to be sent from Camp Morton to the depot at Sandusky; see that correct rolls of them go with them and that they are properly supplied with provisions. Have the account of the prisoner's fund made up immediately and forward a copy to me at Detroit; a detailed bill of purchase must accompany it. If the services of the clerks in the quartermaster's office, prisoners of war, are required to assist in making up his accounts you may permit them to remain on parole with the condition that they will proceed via Cairo to Vicksburg and then report to Captain Lazelle for exchange on or before the 15th proximo. Having performed this service you will report to me in person at Chicago, Ill. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

