
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Indianapolis, August 22, 1862.

Captain J. A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: The prisoners of war at Camp Morton are to be immediately transferred to Vicksburg, Miss., for exchange and you will make arrangement for their transportation from this point to Cairo, Ill., by railroad, commencing to-morrow. A guard of one company will accompany each detachment of about 1,000 for which transportation will be included. The prisoners from Tennessee who have taken the oath of allegiance will be furnished with transportation to Nashville, Tenn. You are also required to furnish transportation for the guerrillas and political prisoners now in confinement at Camp Morton. The guerrillas will go in one party under a guard of one company and the political prisoners by themselves under a suitable guard. You will provide transportation for the return of the guard.

Very respectfully, very obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WHEELING, VA., August 22, [1862.]

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT, Governor of Virginia:

I take pleasure in informing you that on application I have received authority to release prisoners here on your recommendation and inclose copy of order:

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1862.

Major JOSEPH DARR, Provost-Marshal-General:

You are authorized to release prisoners on oath and bond as Governor Peirpoint desires.

By order of Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

I have applied for same authority at Camp Chase, Ohio.

MADISON, WIS., August 22, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Please receive herewith a list* of prisoners who have died or escaped during the time that the prisoners were confined at Camp Randall at this place. There were five or six of them left here to die at the time the last detachment left, with two or three attendants, making eight in all. The sick are convalescent, and four of them having expressed frequently their desire to take the oath of allegiance I (two or three days ago) took their written oath and liberated them. They say they will work here for their living and for means to get home when they can do so without exposure to the press gang. The other four have no desire to leave the protection and subsistence afforded by

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

