
to do nothing in opposition to the United States Government and would remain at Washington or any other place the Government thought proper to designate. Our interview here closed and we left.

To-day the Secretary of War through the judge-advocate sent me permission to visit Mr. Soule with his son, which I did, and after the very interesting and affecting interview between the father and son had passed I opened the subject of our present difficulties and drew him out upon the newspaper reports of General Dix going South, to which he gave his cordial adhesion, and said General Dix was an old friend and none could be sent South that would or could please him more. His remarks of Senator Johnson were equally laudatory, and said if the Federal forces had success upon the next engagement that the appointment of Dix and Johnson would gradually bring back the State. I cannot of course give you minutely all our conversation, but the main features were decidedly conservative and I feel that at this time the parole of Mr. Soule (while it will show a conciliatory course on the part of the Government) will have the effect of bringing to our ranks a man who will be of immense service when required.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CUTHBERT BULLITT.

[Indorsement.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

MY DEAR SIR: I suppose it my duty to report the within to you for your information. Mr. Bullitt mistakes when he says he owes his permission to visit Mr. Soule to me. I knew nothing of his going.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

NO. 116.
Washington, August 23, 1862.

I. Commissioned officer and enlisted men of the discharged three months' volunteer regiment who have been exchanged or released on parole by the enemy and not yet discharged the U. S. service are hereby mustered out and discharged from this date.

II. Officers and men of the forces aforesaid who may hereafter be exchanged or released by the enemy will be considered as regularly mustered out and discharged the service of the United States from the date of their arrival in a loyal State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Third U. S. Artillery, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

SIR: Your letter of the 13th instant reporting you had declined to send a telegram from Messrs. Soule and mazureau to Honorable Reverdy Johnson has been submitted to the Secretary of War. The Secretary directs me to inform you that he approves your action in the matter. State prisoners should under no circumstances be allowed to communicate with any person except on the express authority of the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

