
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 23, 1862.

Instructions for Honorable Reuben Hitchcock, special commissioner to investigate and to report on the cases of state prisoners held in custody at Camp Chase.

1. You will report yourself to Governor Tod and furnish him with a copy of the order appointing you and procure fro him a list of the persons held in custody as prisoners at Camp Chase and request him to furnish you all the information he has respecting the cause of their arrested and detention and the authority under which the arrest was made.

2. You will then see and examine each prisoner personally and receive such statement pr explanation as he may be disposed to give, and also take any proofs that may be accessible touching the guilt or innocence of the party and his disposition and intentions toward the Government whether loyal or hostile.

3. You will make a brief minute or report on each case, stating the name and residence of the party, the cause of his arrest, when it was made and by what authority and your opinion as to whether the peace and safety of the Government requires his detention or whether he may be discharged without danger to the public peace.

4. Your powers in respect to the investigation embrace the largest discretion. The Department has confidence in your judgment and discretion and unless very special circumstances your report will be conclusive o its action. It sis the desire of the Department to forbear the exercise of power as far as it can be done with safety to the Government.

5. You will confer freely with His Excellency Governor Tod and avail yourself of his counsel and assistance. You will submit your report to him and note in each case whether he agrees or differs with you in judgment and the point of difference if there be any.

6. You are authorized to employ such clerical assistance as may be necessary at a reasonable compensation, to be stipulated and reported to the Department. Your compensation will be $8 per day and the usual mileage or further instructions that you may desire will be communicated, and on all matters touching your commission you will communicate with me.

By order Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, August 23, 1862.

General G. W. MORGAN, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I herewith send you the formal receipt* for the prisoners sent yesterday; also a communication from Major General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Department of East Tennessee.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

