
now at Frederick, Md., sick, released to effect exchange of R. C. Eveleth for Samuel Price. Exchange not yet effected.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., August 23, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day been authorized by the Secretary of War to release prisoners received here on oath and bond whenever recommended by Governor Peirpoint.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-General of Virginia.

FORT McHENRY, MC., August 23, 1862.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Some 250 prisoners are now confined at this post, seventy of which are political prisoners. Fifteen or twenty descriptive rolls are required to enroll them. Will you please forward them at your earliest convenience.

Very truly, yours,

H. L. EMMONS, JR.,

Captain, Fifth New York Artillery, Provost-Marshal.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, August 23, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed please find an attested copy of a letter from the Honorable Cave Johnson, ex-Postmaster-General. Please hand it to Captain Lazelle and say to him that this is the letter alluded to in the note among my papers spoken of therein as the letter addressed to His Excellency Jeff. Davis, and I will here remark that this with what you already have constitutes the sum of documents in my possession. Tell him I would have shown it to him at first but that I knew it was nothing violative of my parole, and that I would have sent it to him this morning but for its not being copied and attested before the sergeant was compelled to leave. The letter of which Captain Lazelle spoke to me as containing something contraband (and which you will see) is one of a number handed to me while en route for General Halleck's headquarters, none of which I had had time to examine. I would on no account have carried any improper paper through with me. Requesting you to thank Captain Lazelle cordially for me I will beg, colonel, that you will give me a hearing as soon as possible, for considering I have never knowingly violated my parole but it seemed was unceremoniously thrown and detained in prison when I thought I had kept my parole if anything over studiously, and was in good faith on my road to report to General Halleck taking care to report to each commandant where I stopped, mu imprisonment on this grave charge

