
without being able to get any information whatever on the subject you may be sure is very trying to me. Had is not been for Captain Lazelle's kind tender of assistance I should have been almost hopeless.

Believe me, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. ROSS,

Formerly your subordinate at Newport Barracks.

[Inclosure.]

CLARKSVILLE, TENN., July 29, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond.

DEAR SIR: The bearer of this letter, Captain Reuben R. Ross, is my neighbor and friend and was one of the prisoners taken at Fort Donelson. Expects soon to be exchanged and wishes again to enter the service. He commanded the artillery at Fort Donelson and is invariably esteemed among his companions in the battle as one of the most brave and gallant men belonging to that army and did great and extraordinary service at his battery. I happened to meet Captain Dove, who commanded the Louisville, who complimented him in the strongest terms not only for his gallantry but for the accuracy and efficiency of the battery which he commanded, saying that every fire from his battery struck one of the enemy's vessels, and designating each vessel that had been struck and how often ; his own vessel, the Louisville, over fifty times. This gallantry and good conduct makes his friends anxious that he should be gratified with some command worthy of his gallantry and good conduct. I write the wishes of every friend in this section. I have heard some rumors prejudicial to him from the affair at Fort Henry for which there is no reasonable ground and which he will explain if necessary. We earnestly hope that he may be suitably employed under the belief that he will be efficient and useful to our cause to which his whole heart has been long given, even before the commencement of hostilities. I may also add that he is a graduate of West Point.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. JOHNSON.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, August 23, 1862.

The foregoing is a correct copy of a paper purporting to be an original letter from C. Johnson, now in the possession of R. R. Ross, of prison No. 2, at this post, which I believe to be genuine.

C. W. B. ALLISON,Colonel, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Columbus, Ohio, August 24, 1862.

Colonel C. W. B. ALLISON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus Ohio.

COLONEL: The prisoners of war belonging to the Confederate Army now at Camp Chase will as soon as practicable be transferred via Cairo, Ill., to Vicksburg for exchange. They will be prepared to start at 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning and you will detail a guard to conduct them. The whole will be provided with two days' rations. You will have duplicate rolls prepared to be sent with the prisoners, which will

