
and after which their paroles are revoked. Those who wish to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and be released will report themselves to the undersigned at the American Hotel to morrow morning at the hour above named. All are required to take one course or the other. A failure to do so will be considered a breach of parole.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, August 24, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have received to-day 235 Confederate prisoners of war sent by brigadier-general commanding Department of Kansas from Fort Leavenworth. There are seven shall I send them on to Johnson's Island or retain them here?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Post.

By A. H. VAN BUREN,

Post Adjutant.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Baltimore:

A deplorable account has reached this Department of the confusion and disorder of the camp at Annapolis and of the neglect and suffering of both the paroled and the sick troops. The officer in command at that post seems to be both vicious and negligent.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, NO. 27. Baltimore, August 25, 1862.

The charges required to be preferred against persons guilty of disloyalty or treasonable practices as set forth in General Orders, No. 22, dated 10th of August, 1862, are to be submitted in writing and to be attested under oath by the person preferring them; and no such prisoner will be received for confinement by any provost-marshal, marshal of police or commandant of post unless accompanied by the charges above described or a copy of the same, a copy of which will also be transmitted to these headquarters for such orders in the case as may be deemed necessary.

JOHN E. WOO.,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., August 25, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent for Prisoners of War, Richmond.

SIR: In the absence of General L. Thomas I give notice that I will send to Aiken's Landing to-morrow so that they may reach their about

