
[Third indorsement.]
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 24, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.

By order:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

OCTOBER 27, 1862.

Colonel Mulligan will be directed to report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army and settle his accounts at Camp Douglas.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C. August 25, 1862.

JOSEPH DARR, JR., Provost-Marshal-General, Wheeling, Va.:

Honorable Reuben Hitchock, of Cleveland, has been appointed to investigate the cases of all prisoners at Camp Chase and is now on his way there. The twenty-nine persons arrested take to Camp Chass.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., August 25, [1862.]

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge-Advocate.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your telegram of this date. The twenty-nine prisoners will be forwarded to Camp Chase in the morning. All the papers, affidavits, &amp;c., relating to political prisoners sent to Camp Chase are on file in my office. The Governor desires very much to have control of such prisoners. He gives personal examination to each case and knowing the condition of the country to which they are to return would like to decide himself regarding the disposition to be made of them. He leaves to-day for Washington and will see you more particularly on this subject, as well as the necessity for erecting a prison camp on the island opposite this city.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

LA FAYETTE, ONONDAGA COUNTY, N. Y.

August 25, 1862.

His Excellency Governor MORGAN.

DEAR SIR: Permit the war committee of the town of La Fayette to call your attention to the deplorable condition of our soldiers at Richmond confined on Belle Isle, who at the time of the exchange of prisoners three weeks since were not able to walk to Aiken's Landing.

It is well known that the exposures on the island and the want of food caused much sickness and such prostration in many cases as to render it imopossible for the prisoners-many of them-to march the distance required. Does not common humanity require that something should be done for their relief?

28 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

