
That steps should have been taken for investigation before proceeding to retaliatory measures for reported acts of atrocity resting on any other than the most positive evidence is only what would have been expected from every commander who recognizes any rule of humanity in the conduct of war.

With reference to the rule which I have adopted for the parole of prisoners, my Orders, Numbers 41, was published before the arrangement entered into between Major - General Hill, C. S. Army, and Major - General Dix, U. S. Amy, came to my knowledge. The rule which I adopted is to recognize no parole which is not given with my sanction and to require no parole from prisoners whom I cannot hold but release them unconditionally. It became necessary from the fact that paroles were demanded and secured from individual soldiers in the army by persons not in the military service of the Confederate States.

I cannot see how consequences of a dread character should follow the observance of such a rule except to those who violate a duty which their Government deems it necessary to impose upon them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major - General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cairo, Ill.:

Receive prisoners of war as they arrive and if necessary put them on transports. Send off transports as fast as convoys sufficient arrive.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army, Detroit:

Send the three political prisoners confined at Fort Mackinac to Sandusky and muster out the company of volunteers now guarding them. Inform the Governor of Michigan that you are going to muster the company out.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 27, 1862.

General G. B. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster - General of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio.

GENERAL: It will be attended with much inconvenience if all the arms taken from prisoners of war are sent down to Vicksburg when only the swords are to be returned to their owners, and I must therefore request of you if it can be done that you will have the words boxed up be themselves and forwarded through Captain Burr, assistant quartermaster, to Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, agent for the delivery of prisoners of war at Vicksburg, Miss. Please write a note to the captain to go with the box explaining that it contains the swords of officers exchanged on the James River as well as those of

