
officers to be exchanged at Vicksburg. Have the box sent to the care of the assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, at Cairo.

Will you have the kindness to direct the other articles

(pistols, &amp;c.) to be boxed up and retained in the State arsenal till they are called for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Wheelong, Va., August 27, [1862.]

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have from a telegram from the War Department that a gentleman from Cleveland has been appointed to examine into the cases of political prisoners at Camp Chase. The Honorable Ressler Hotherick [Reuben Hitchcock] is the person mentioned in dispatch. I think the name has been incorrectly written. Shall I as usual refer petitions for release indorsed by Governor Peirpoint to

you? There are some twenty - four cases so recommended and not heard from.

The monthly report for this post will be duly forwarded.

JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General for Virginia.

CAIRO, ILL., August 27, 1862.

Commodore C. H. DAVIS, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Naval Forces in Western Waters.

COMMODORE: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy* of order designating me as the agent for the transfer of the prisoners of war in the West to the authorities of the Confederate State at Vicksburg; also a copy* of that portion of my official instructions relating to the passage of the prisoners of war down the river to Vicksburg, Miss.: also a copy + of the order by telegram to Brigadier General J. M. Tuttle from the Adjutant - General of the Army.

In order to execute my instructions from the War Department I have the honor to apply to you for such convoy to accompany the three transports conveying about 3, 500 prisoners and troops to Vicksburg as in your opinion may be deemed requisite. I have telegraphed to the Secretary of War asking that all the remaining prisoners, about 9, 000, be retained at their respective prison camps until my return from Vicksburg; then that they be all embarked at once and sent together down the river under such convoy as you may deem necessary to send from Helena or other points with me for that purpose. I except to receive a reply today.

As you are not aware of the limited number of the guard on board each of the transports - about fifty men to each - I would respectfully suggest the (remote) danger to be apprehended from a possible attempt on the part of the prisoners to overpower the guards and run the boats into some rebel retreat along the shore should the convoy not be near.

With the highest respect, I am, commodore, your obedience servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., U. S. Army, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

---------------

* Omitted here; Hoffman to Lazelle, August 22, p. 420.

---------------

+ See p. 452.

