
OFFICE U. S. GUN - BOAT FLOTILLA,

Cairo, Ill, August 27, 1862.

Captain H. M. Lazelle, U. S. Army,

Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners of War, Cairo, Ill.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of today and its accompanying documents. I will with the greatest readiness furnish the convoy required and accompany you myself as far as Helena if not farther. The details of this convoy can be arranged between us in conversation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedience servant,

C. H. DAVIS,

Commodore.

Instruction to officer of guard in charge of prisoners on board of transports.

CAIRO, ILL, August 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: It is expected that the transport on board of which are the prisoners and guard of which you have charge will sail tomorrow. You will have carried out in the most thorough and effective manner the instructions already given you relating to the control of the prisoners and the maintenance of discipline among the troops. One half of your entire command will be detailed daily for guard duty - one relief of the guard will be constantly on post, night and day. The sentinels will be posted in those parts of the vessel the most advantageous to constantly control the prisoners. Have the arms of your entire command constantly cleaned and ready for use, loaded, but not capped, and placed in such a manner that they cannot be seized by the prisoners in case an attempt at mutiny.

Except to officers no lights will be allowed under any pretext whatever, either to the prisoners or the troops, and none to the assistant of the boat unless desires by the captain of the boat. No smoking will be allowed except on the upper deck of all, and then not after 8 p. m. You will detail a sufficient number of cooks for both the prisoners and guard, each detail to cook for its respective party, and have a sentinel constantly posted over the cool fires.

You will take all the necessary measures to maintain the proper cleanliness and police of the boat. An officer of the day will be detailed whose duty it shall be to strictly carry out all instructions and frequently, night and day during his tour, to make the inspection of the boat. You will take the most vigilant measures to guard against fire and all casualties of whatever nature which proper precaution will prevent.

By order of:

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., U. S. Army, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Wednesday Evening [August 27, 1862].

Brigadier - General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Saint Louis District.

DEAR SIR: Being aware a petition has been sent to you complaining of the amount of food given prisoners of war confined in this prison I deem it my duty to the gentlemanly keepers of the prison to

