
numerous and unceasing efforts we at length ascertained that a large portion of the regiment had not been exchanged. Having made our case known to the general commanding we were ordered by him to report here immediately, as we supposed to be again discharged as exchanges do not help us in the least as they do not recognize those that have been given to our regiment. The majority of us were not sworn in again after being discharged. We have been innocently and unknowingly violating our oath given at Lexington to General Price, and have been serving in the field from last March until the 1st of August when we left Corinth for this place. We arrived here on the 4th instant.

Hoping you will interest yourself in our welfare and take our case in hand and see that justice is done us,

We remain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES M. NEWHARD,

First Sergt., Commanding Company D, 4th battalion Paroled Prisoners.

[And 113 others taken at Lexington, Mo., September 20, 1861, members of the Thirteenth (now Twenty - fifth) Missouri Volunteers.]

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 8, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the commanding officer of the Twenty - fifth Missouri Volunteers. If these men have been discharged they cannot be again called upon to perform military duty. Please report fully to this office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. TWENTY - FIFTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Pilot Knob, Mo., September 18, 1862.

These men reporter for duty under Special Orders, Numbers 29, Adjutant - General's Office, Washington, February 6, 1862, which has since been determined by the War Department to have been illegal. I do not want any of these men to return to this regiment unless they do so willingly and will consent to do their duty.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel Twenty - fifth Missouri Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, October 20, 1862.

Major JAMES A. GREASON,Assistant Adjutant - General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Respectfully returned with a copy of a letter* sent in answer to a former communication of a similar nature, which contains all the information I have on the subject.

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 556; also Vol. I, this Series, p. 141 et seq., for orders, correspondence, 7c., relating to troops surrendered at Lexington.

---------------

