HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT, OF EAST TENNESSEE,August 28, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your two letters* of the 27th instant, with schedules marked A and B, respectively, with regard to the exchange of prisoners of war.

Diligent search was made yesterday for the body of the soldier supposed to have been killed in the skirmish between our pickets on the 26th instant, and the fact that it could not be found was about to be communicated to you this morning when your letter of the 27th on that subject was received.

On the 15th August at Tazewell I paroled a number of prisoners from your command with a promise from you that an equal number of mine should be exchanged for them if captured by your division. agreeably thereto I send herewith the names of twenty for whom please exchange Colonel Allston and the five men now in your possession, that being according to the terms of the cartel.

The men named in Schedule A belong to another army, that in Virginia, and by the terms of the cartel I am not authorized to exchange for them. It provided that exchanges except between opposing forces " shall be made at Dutch Gap, on James river, and Vicksburg, Miss. ; " but further, general, you could not except me to exchange for them in preference to prisoners from my own division.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Division.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

August 28, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I beg to submit the case of Dr. S. R. Lupton, a political prisoner at Camp Chase. It was not proper for Lieutenant - Colonel Safford to grant the parole which he did to Doctor Lupton, but under the circumstances it would seem to be only right that when the parole was withdraw he should have the privilege of taking the oath of allegiance or going beyond our lines as he might elect, though he could not demand it as a right. I recommend his case to the favorable consideration of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedience servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 28, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster - General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: When the estimate for clothing for prisoners of war recently forwarded was prepared it was doubtful it exchanges would

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

