
be made, but it was not contemplated to issue anything more than was absolutely necessary. At that time there were many who for want of clothes to cover their nakedness could not go out to work, and now it is only to such cases that issues will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 28, 1862.

Colonel J. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: The prisoners of was belonging to the Confederate Army now at Camp Douglas will as soon as practicable be transferred via Cairo to Vicksburg, Miss., for exchange. They will move in parties of about 1, 000, each party to be accompanied by a guard of one company, and will take rations with them to last them to Cairo.

Duplicate rolls will be sent with the prisoners embracing all present, all on parole and all who may be left behind sick of otherwise, with appropriate remarks accounting for the absentees. You will see that these rolls are complete and accurately made up, and you will put your certificate to this effect on the back of them. They will be places in the hands of the officer in command of the guard, who will deliver them and the prisoners on his arrival at or near Vicksburg to Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth U. S. Infantry, agent for the delivery of prisoners of war, to whom he will report for further orders.

You will place in the hands of the commander of the guard all moneys belonging to prisoners that may be in your possession, with a certificate showing the amount due each individual, which money and account will be delivered to Captain Lazelle.

You will instruct the commander of the guard with each party to be particularly careful that none of his charge escape by the way and that they are not interfered with in any way at stopping - places on the route. On his arrival at Cairo he will report to the general in command who will provide all things necessary for the movement from that point.

You will call on Captain Potter, assistant quartermaster at Chicago, for transportation by railroad to Cairo.

Prisoners of war belonging to State or irregular organizations and not to the Confederate service are not now to be exchanged.

To those Confederate prisoners who do not wish to be exchanged and are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States you will administer the oath and discharge them. Duplicate rolls of all so discharged will be prepared and certified to by yourself, one copy to be sent to the Adjutant - General at Washington and the other to this office. These prisoners will receive any money in your hands belonging to them. Those from the State of Tennessee after certain papers prepared under the direction of Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, which will be presented by General W. B. Campbell, commissioner, from Tennessee, will be furnished with transportation to Nashville.

In dividing the prisoners into parties it would perhaps be most convenient to preserve their regimental organization, but in this case as your rolls are made up in a general alphabetical list it will be best if possible to make up the parties as they stand on the rolls.

The movements cannot be commenced before Monday next if so soon, and in the meantime I will be in Chicago to give further directions.

