
Captain Freedley, to whom I have given instructions, may arrive before me and will give you his assistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN.

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 28, 1862.

Major DARR, Provost - Marshal - General, Wheeling, Va.

MAJOR: I inclose you some papers* which may put you on the track of disloyal people who are secretly aiding the rebel cause. There are those about you who are evidently not disposed to sustain the Union. The papers were placed in my hands at Indianapolis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

CAIRO, ILL, August 28, 1862.

Commodore C. H. DAVIS,

Commanding Gun - boat Flotilla, Mississippi River.

COMMODORE: In my not to you of the 27th instant it was stated that I had telegraphed to the Secretary to the Secretary of War asking that the remaining prisoners should be retained at their respective prison camps until my return from Vicksburg, them that they should be all embarked at once and be sent together down the river. I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of the reply and agreeably to its instructions to make to you the application directed in the communication. I shall have four transports ready by 12 m. today. Four or possibly six more will be ready by the time a convoy can be sent from Helena to this point.

With the highest respect, I am, commodore, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, 8th Infty., U. S. Army, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 27, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, U. S. Army, Cairo, Ill.:

The movement of the prisoners cannot be stopped. Proceed with those you have with the gun - boat Eastport. Ask the naval commander to immediately send other gun - boat to Cairo to convoy the other transports. You need not go back to Cairo for the others.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

ANNAPOLIS, August 28, 1862.

[SURGEON - GENERAL U. S. ARMY.]

DEAR SIR: Two thousand paroled prisoners are not here and have at length been supplied with tents, but many have been very insufficient clothing and no covering, though the nights are cool, and in consequence much bad feeling exist among them. Doctor Getty informs me that 100 of the worst cases of the sick and wounded who have

