
It is the desire of the Confederate Government to conduct this war in conformity to the usages of Christian and civilized nations, but should he have been correctly informed and should Captains Sprigs and Triplett be executed retaliation will be made on Captains Austin and O'Meara. This course will be demanded by a due regard for the citizens of the Confederate States and will be unhesitatingly through reluctantly pursued.

Not being certain of the correctness of the report no change has been made in the treatment of the hostages, and I shall be very happy to learn that the report is without foundation. *

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Military Forces, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of to-day relative to a reported intention on the part of the United States Government to order the execution of two prisoners, Captains Springs and Triplett, of the Virginia Ranger service.

I known nothing of any such persons. If they were taken by this army the reports is without foundation. I have telegraphed upon the subject to the Secretary of War and I will communicate the facts to you as soon as I learn them. I shall much regret any commencement of retaliatory executions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Lincoln, Va., June 20, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Military Forces, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: As I was on the point of dispatching my aide with my reply to your letter of the 19th instant respecting Captains Springs and Triplett I received a dispatch from the Secretary of War in relation to those officers, a copy of which is herewith respectfully furnished for your information.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 20, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, near Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War I have the honor to inclose herewith for your information a copy of a letter# of the 6th

---------------

* Substance of this letter telegraphed by McClellan to Stanton June 19 and asking for information about Springs and Triplett.

---------------

# Omitted here; see this letter and the other correspondence in Vol. III, this Series, in its chronological order.

