
presented certificates from their surgeon have been admitted to the general hospital, but from the limited observation I have been enable to make there are many others lying on the ground whose cases have not been disposed of, and I fear the surgeons are not sufficiently attentive, as they have not even a tent hospital to keep the wounded together and could not accept of suitable nourishment which I offered them. Mr. Brewen has supplies them with bandages and old linen to some extent, and articles received today from the Pennsylvania Relief Association will enable her to supply them sufficiently, and to some extent with clothing, but she has no covering.

Permit me respectfully to suggest that Doctor Getty be required to examine them al and dispose of their cases, which he will cheerfully do if directed I presume, not being authorized to interfere without orders. I hope you will excuse my interference as I am only actuated by the desire to give you information which might be neglected, and not to annoy you, knowing that the War Department and yours also have trouble enough.

Your obedient servant,

N. BREWER.

[First indorsement.]

SURGEON - GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 30, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster - General.

JOS. R. SMITH,

Assistant Surgeon - General.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER - GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 4, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant - General. I have directed the quartermaster, Captain Blodgett, stationed at Annapolis to look into this and report the condition and wants of these men.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster - General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 28, 1862.

Brigadier - General SCHOFIELD, U. S. Army, Saint Louis.

SIR: I lose no time ink informing you that a large number of persons who were unlawfully arrested last night and discharged by your order this morning have called on me this afternoon with the request that I should thank you for the prompt measures you took to restore them to liberty. It gives me much pleasure in having to convey to you this public expression of confidence. Permit me to add my won thanks for the course pursued by you to prevent a recurrence of such outrages as have been committed upon peaceable citizens during the last few days.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient servant,

J. EDWARD WILKINS,

Her British Majesty's Consul at Chicago.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 28, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to request instructions in the following particulars, viz:

1. Shall the prisoners of war who take the oath of allegiance be furnished transportation by the United States to their homes?

