
2. Shall the oaths be taken in duplicate, one for prisoner, one to be retained to be forwarded with roll, or in triplicate, two retained?

3. Shall they be sworn by myself or shall a notary public be employed?

4. After the prisoners have been forwarded from Camp Morton as per roll a few will be left whose names do not appear on the rolls. Twenty - six arrived yesterday from Kentucky without roll. Shall they all be forwarded to Sandusky?

5. Shall I cause rolls to be made out of the prisoners who have taken the oath and been sent off by Governor Campbell?

6. Shall the convalescents who will be paroled be furnished transportation by the United States to Vicksburg?

The last detachment of prisoners will go to Cairo this evening. Scarcity of transportation has prevented my forwarding them more rapidly. The following have been forwarded, viz: 1, 238 to Cairo with Captain Lazelle on Saturday; 773 to Cairo with Captain Richardson Sunday; 333 to Sandusky with Lieutenant Lupton Monday; 990 to Cairo with Captain Bowman Wednesday.

Inclosed please find a letter * which was addressed to me at the Bates House by some of the post - office officials.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C. August 29, 1862.

Major - General DIX, Fort Monroe,

GENERAL: I am directed by General Thomas to forward to you all of the prisoners of war now confined in the Old Capitol Prison. Inclosed herewith are lists+ of the prisoners forwarded. I forward likewise Miss Belle Boyd, a young lady arrested on suspicion of having communicated with the enemy. I have agreed that she shall be placed over lines by the first flag of truce, which is in accordance with her wishes. No specific charge or information have been lodged against her.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier - General, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 175. Washington, D. C. August 29, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. All prisoners of war now in confinement in Old Capitol Prison desirous of being exchanged will be forthwith sent to the transport Juniata, foot of Sixth street, to be taken to Fortress Monroe. The provost - marshal will immediately detail one complement commissioned officer and twenty men to take charge of these prisoners. The office so detailed will on his arrival at Fortress Monroe report to Major - General Dix, commanding. He will also take charge of Miss Belle Boyd, not confined in Old Capitol Prison, and turn her over to Major - General Dix to be sent through the lines to the South.

By command of Brigadier - General Wadsworth:

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

+ Omitted.

