HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, District of Arizona.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inclose a list* of Confederate prisoners paroled from this place. A duplicate of this list was sent by the officer in charge of the escort of these prisoners before the arrival of the party at your headquarters. You will verify the list, and after noting upon it any charges by death, desertion, &amp;c., you will return it to the headquarters of the department. The prisoners at points in your district will also be paroled, and after being united with this party will be sent to your lines. The non - commissioned officers and privates will be required to subscribe in duplicate and swear to the paroles* inclosed herewith. The oath will be administered by the provost - marshal or other officers that may be designated by you for that purpose.

The officers will give a verbal parole. Medical officers and chaplains will be discharges unconditionally. (See War Department General Orders, Nos. 60 and 90, of 1862.) If any of these men refuse to give their parole they will be sent under a sufficient guard to department headquarters.

It is probable that some of the prisoners in your charge may desire to remain in this country upon condition of taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States. The applications will be acted upon with caution, as they are known in some instances to have been prompted by sinister motives, and none will be allowed to remain unless you are well assured of their good intention; even then it will be prudent to give bonds for their good behavior and loyal conduct. The bond required here was $ 1, 000, but the amount required will be determined by your own judgment. If any wish to go to the Northern States and are willing to take the oath of allegiance they will be sent to department headquarters by the first detachment of troops coming up. They will be regarded as prisoners until they are beyond the limits of the department.

When this party is sent beyond our lines it will be provisioned to enable it to reach the nearest military post in the lines of the enemy. If practicable you will notify the authorities in advance of their arrival in order that they may make provision for receiving them. If there are no outposts of enemy in your neighborhood you will furnish them with arms sufficient for their protection from the hostilities of the Indians through whose country they travel. Arms have been furnished to the parties heretofore sent in the proportion of one piece to every five men and twenty rounds of ammunition for each piece.

If there is any reason to apprehend danger of molestation from the Mexican population you will cause the party to be escorted beyond the reach of that danger. The escort will be of course under

If the prisoners have no means of providing themselves with the transportation that will be needed beyond our lines it must be provided by you.

In doing this you will make the best arrangements that you can to secure the return of the transportation and other public property with which they may be furnished.

You will make a complete return of the prisoners of war under your charge (see inclosed General Dix Orders, Numbers 32+), noting it the places

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

+ Omitted here; see Vol. III, this Series, p. 417.

