
at which they were captured and in each case the disposition made of the prisoners. This return will be sent to this office with the list of prisoners sent from this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GURDEN CHAPIN,

Captain, Seventh Infantry, Assistant Adjutant - General.

DETROIT, MICH, August 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Fry, taken at Saint Charkes, on White River, who order his men to fire on our drowning men, is at Cairo. What shall be done with him?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 29, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the papers in the case of Captain R. R. Ross, Confederate Army, arrested at Louisville for violating his parole. Captain Ross professed to have had no intention of violating his parole, and if this be true he was certainly very reckless of its obligations. His first step was to prepare to go to Washington when he was duly authorized as it seems by the indorsement on his parole to report to me in this city. In offering to escort ladies to Richmond he was to say the least of it more influence be kindly feelings than by the restrictions of his parole. His aid in the payment of a bill for arms purchased by an officer of the Confederate Army is a violation of the spirit if not the letter of his parole. The military outfit in his possession possibly belonged to him, and if so there was no offense in his having them. I respectfully refer the case to the War Department with the recommendation that an immediate investigation of it be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, August 29, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant - General, U. S. Army.

DEAR SIR: I have been in prison now for month and as I learn within the last few days for breaking parole. Now as I never have broken my parole at all and therefore expected from day today to be released I did not write to you for assistance, but as I have been in so long hope has died out and I write for your intercession, either to court - martial me and prove me clear or examine the charges which you will find at first view apparently valid, but utterly groundless on investigation. Of course if I have not broken my parole I cannot be guilty, and if not guilty why detain a

moment?

With high confidence in your kindness to those in a helpless condition, believe me, with much respect,

Your obedient servant,

REUBEN R. ROSS.

