
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 3, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General L. Thomas, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners.

By order of Major General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Detroit, Mich, August 29, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, U. S. Army,

Agent for Delivery of Prisoners of War, Vicksburg, Miss.

CAPTAIN: Dr. J. E. Dixon, surgeon Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, was unconditionally released from the Sandusky depot under General

Orders, Numbers 60, on the 23rd of June and was subsequently arrested within our lines under circumstances which subjected him to the charge of being a spy and he was sent to Camp Chase. From that camp he was improperly sent by the commanding officer with prisoners of war to be exchanged. I have telegraphed to have him detained at Cairo, but should this fail will hold him under the charge of being a spy not subject to exchange, and remand him under guard to the Sandusky depot. Should any prisoners of war held by the Confederate Army be offered to you by their agent for the exchange you will receive them, giving the necessary receipts, and order them to Camp Chase.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., August 29, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, U. S. Army,

Agent for Delivery of Prisoners of War, Vicksburg, Miss.

CAPTAIN: In my letter this morning I omitted to mention that a box of swords belonging to officers of the Confederate Army will be forwarded to you by the quartermaster at Columbus, and you will please return [them] to their owners when you turn the prisoners over to the agent who is to receive them.

Some of the swords belong to officers who have taken the oath of allegiance and been released. These you should bring back with you to be returned to their owners. Captain William Peyton is one of them. Other swords belong to officers who were at Fort Warren, and if they are marked so as to be distinguished you may turn them over to the agent and take his receipt. Swords which are without marks you will bring back with you to be held subject to the order of the owners. Pistols are not considered side - arms and will not be returned. If these are any in the box you will bring them back with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

