
and superseded by a certain Captain While, who was last year connected with Jeff. Thompson; that according to the other one he is at or near Batesville, on the south [north] side of the While River. A Union man who was a prisoner with Coleman when it because known that Colonel boyd was after him said that Coleman went then through the different camps addressing his men in such a way as to impress upon them that every one had to take care of himself, as they were pursued by the enemy and every one only provided with two rounds of ammunition. He is now reported 2, 500 strong, but can according to the best calculations have no more than 1, 500 to

1, 800, of whom only 400 armed and provided with two rounds each. Certain it is that no hostile force of any considerable strength is to be found within sixty miles of this post at present. I was therefore very much surprised by the sudden appearance of a cavalry detachment which you were kind enough to send me as re - enforcement. As this post is in no way endangered not I told Captain Avery that he might return tomorrow at his best convenience.

I have never received the order of the War Department regarding the destruction of buildings. It was not my intention to have other buildings destroyed [than those] which are of reasonable advantage to the enemy, and have been and will be used as places of defense and shelter.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WEYDEMEYER,

Lieutenant - Colonel, Commanding Post.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL.

Wheeling, Va., August 29, [1862.]

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate.

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrest of Rev. Edgar Woods, of this city, for refusing to take the prescribed oath of allegiance. He has been released on parole and bond to appear and abide by you decision. This gentleman was compelled to leave Columbus, Ohio, on account of his secession proclivities and for refusing to recite the prayer for the success of the Federal arms, &amp;c. I have telegraphed you today that " all authorities in this department have heretofore directed the arrest and confinement of all citizens refusing to take the oath of allegiance," and to inform me if this course was approved. It now forms a standing order of Brigadier General B. F. Kelley, commanding Railroad District, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and Northwestern Virginia Railroad, and has been found very salutary in its effect on both male and female rebel sympathizers.

It has been supposed that all citizens who refuse to take the oath should be arrested because their refusal is prima facie evidence of disloyalty and that they only wanted the opportunity to do the Government some injury. Those who at first refuse to take the oath and afterwards consent to do so have then been required to give bond also. In this county and other counties of Western Virginia the families of persons in the rebel service are protected, and it is but fair that they should give some assurance to the Government that they will not give information, aid, &c., to enemies of the United States.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General.

