
OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., August 29, [1862.]

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a statement * to be submitted to you from acquaintances of the Rev. Woods, whose case was referred to you this morning. I had requested the Gentlemen whose names re subscribed to this memorial to discover if possible from Mr. Woods who made no explanation to me why he refused to take the oath and why he should be exempted form the consequences attaching to such refusal, for which by order of commanders in this department others are now incarcerated at Camp Chase.

It appears that Mr. Woods could not even explain to his friends the precise difficulty of conscience under he labors in this matter. If innocent he certainly subscribes to the every day, and if truly loyal would unhesitatingly take it. It seems to me to be a hair splitting [illegible] part, which, if allowed to maintain his position will have no good effect in this community. An exception or exemption made in his favor under all the circumstances will be considered as an insidious one and will be taken advantage of by others.

The order of Brigadier - General Kelley recited: " If the parties refuse to take oath it is clear evidence they are disloyal and the public interest requires that they shall not be at liberty and you will therefore confine them. " This too in the case of ladies. Under this order General Kelley's own brother - in - law was sent to Camp Chase and has but lately been released on taking the oath and giving bond.

Some weeks ago under General Fremont's administration of the Mountain Department I called upon several persons who had not done so to take the oath, those refusing being sent to Camp Chase, the good effect of which governor Peirpoint can attest. At every reverse of the Federal arms there are plenty of those who do nothing that evince by their manner and meetings where their sympathy lies, proving that if they had the opportunity they would do something.

It is to tie the hands an close the mouths of such as I understand it that they are called on to take the oath of allegiance to the Government which protects them, and no person who is entitled to live under it should object to avow himself its friend, or at least solemnly engage to do it no harm by act or speech. If the order referred to above and the policy heretofore adopted on this subject are to be revoked I shall cheerfully carry out any instructions of the department. I feel some pride in stating that I have filled my present position for some months in Virginia to the satisfaction of my superiors and the public. I only desire to discharge my duty faithfully to the Government.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., August 29, [1862.]

R. CRANGLE, Esq.

DEAR SIR: The statement to be made in the case of Rev. Edgar Woods should give his reasons for objecting to take the prescribed oath of allegiance. You are aware that General Kelley's brother - in - law

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

