
was sent to Camp Chase for refusing as Woods has done, and it should be shown why Mr. Woods expects to from an exception. You may not be aware that at the time I intended to arrest Bishop Whelen I received in his case an order from the President direct to refer the matter to him. I did so but have so far received no answer. Therefore in Mr. Wood's case I refer it to the same authority.

Respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major, &amp;c.

ON BOARD TRANSPORT CHAMPION,

Mississippi River, August 29, 1862.

Commodore C. H. DAVIS,

Commanding Naval Forces in Western Waters.

COMMODORE: I have the honor to inform you that none of the transports having on board prisoners of war are provided with coal for further than to Memphis and presume that you will consider it necessary to require them to stop at that point for more. I avail myself of the present detention to communicate with you in order to avoid a further special delay for the purpose.

With the highest regard, I am, commodore, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

GUN - BOAT EASTPORT,

Mississippi River, August 29, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

CAPTAIN: It will suit my convenience to stop at Memphis for coal for the transports. I am anxious to communicate with the naval and military commanders at that place. I regret this detention very much and can hardly excuse the pilots, who tell me that there is water enough but that they got on one side of the channel.

With high regard and respect, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

C. H. DAVIS,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces in Western Waters.

[AUGUST 30, 1862. - For reports, correspondence, &c., relating to the Union defeat at Richmond, Ky., and the capture by the Confederates of some 4, 000 prisoners, see Series I, Vol XVI, I, pp. 906 - 952, and Part II, pp. 458 et seq.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 30, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Detroit, Mich.:

Colonel Fry will be exchanged the same as others. General Curtis has with drawn the charges against him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General - in - Chief.

