
instant from Major-General Wool to the Secretary of War, forwarding correspondence on the subject of exchange of prisoners of war with the rebel authorities, and fifteen inclosures. *

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

McCLELLAN'S, June 20, 1862.

Major General J. A. DIX:

General McClellan desires that you hold the citizens prisoners who have lately been sent to Fort Monroe and particularly those taken by Colonel Averell until you receive orders from him. He desires to hold them as hostages.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS BELL,

Commanding Post, Saint Augustine, Fla.

SIR: In reply to your letter dated June 1 relative to the case of William Keys and three other men who have taken the oath of allegiance, and who nevertheless were guilty of harboring a sergeant of the Confederate Army and supplying him with information, I am instructed by the major-general commanding to advise you that the prisoners in question are to be heavily ironed and sent to these headquarters with a statement in writing and as full as possible of their offense. Your action in the case of Mr. Standenmayer, the Episcopal clergyman, is approved.

I reference to your letter dated May 29 relative to the hanging and persecution of loyal citizens by roving bands of Confederate guerrillas the major-general commanding desires that you shall take the most rigorous and prompt measures for the suppression of such practices. All guerrillas caught you will iron heavily and send to these headquarters with written charges accompanying them. You will also threaten to arm and if necessary arm all negroes and Indians who may be willing to enter the service. You should also at once drive out of your lines all persons without reference to sex who have not taken and shall refuse to take the oath of allegiance.

The general commanding reposing much confidence in your judgment gives you a large and liberal discretion in reference to all acts that may be necessary for the vindication of the laws within your district and guarantees you a frank in any acts within the limits of a reasonable direction. It is not his wish, however, that the death penalty should be inflicted on prisoners captured without express orders from these headquarters. The better way will be to iron all malefactors and send them here for disposition under the necessary guard. You will report frequently and fully all action taken by you under the terms of these instructions.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted here; see this letter and the other correspondence in Vol. III, this Series, in its chronological order.

---------------

