
about 1, 000 each party to be accompanied by a guard of one company, and will take rations with them to last them to Cairo.

Duplication rolls will be sent with the prisoners embracing all present, all on parole and all who may be left behind sick or otherwise, with appropriate remarks accounting for the absentees. You will see that these rolls are complete and accurately made up and you will put your certificate to this effect on the back of them. They will be placed in the hands of the officers in command of the guard who will deliver them and the prisoners on his arrival at or near Vicksburg to Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, agent for the delivery of prisoners of war, to whom he will report for further orders.

You will place in the hands of the commander of the guard all moneys belonging to prisoners that may be in your possession, with a certified account showing the amount due each individual, which money and account will be delivered to Captain Lazelle.

You will instruct the commander of the guard with each party to be particularly careful that none of his charge escape by the way, and that they are not interfered with in any way at stopping - places on the route. On his arrival at Cairo he will report to the general in command who will provide all things necessary for the movement from this point.

You will call on Captain Potter, assistant quartermaster at Chicago, for transportation by railroad to Cairo.

Prisoners of war belonging to State or irregular organizations and not to the Confederate service are not now to be exchanged.

To those Confederate prisoners who do not wish to be exchanged and are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United State you will administer the oath and discharge them. Duplicate rolls of all so discharged will be prepared and certified to by yourself, one copy to be sent to the Adjutant - General at Washington and the other to this office.

These prisoners will receive any money in your hands belonging to them. Those from the State of Tennessee, after signing certain papers prepared under the direction of governor Johnson, of Tennessee, which will be presented by Governor W. R. Campbell, commissioner from Tennessee, will be furnished with transportation to Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

U. S. MILITARY POST, Salem, Mo., August 30, 1862.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER, Commanding Rolla Division.

COLONEL: Referring to my communication of yesterday I send inclosed copy of Lieutenant Herbert Reed's report. * The prisoners were delivered this forenoon to Captain Avery for transportation to Rolla, but soon after they had started report came in that one of them, James Gallian, when about a mile distant from town had tried to run and was shot dead. I ordered the officer of the day to take a couple of men with pickaxes and spades to the spot to bury the man and ascertain the facts as far as possible. Very soon after that Lieutenant Lacy came in and reported that about one mile and a half farther the balance of the prisoners had found their end in the same way. I went out myself immediately.

---------------

* Omitted here; found in Series I, Vol, p. 260.

---------------

