
Gallian was buried already on the spot where he was found, some twenty - five or thirty yards to the right of the road, shot through the head. One mile and a half farther I found also to the right of the road about thirty yards distant two of the dead prisoners near together; then about sixty yards distant in the same direction a third one, and last about 200 yards distant in an opening of the woods the former senator and judge, Joshua Chilton. The three mentioned before were Alexander Chilton, William Chilton and Henry Smith. Jackson Heron, the sixth prisoner, very likely escaped. We could at least find his body nowhere, and a farmer living in the neighborhood has seen a man run past his house about the same time the shots were fired. The examination of the ground convinced me that the dead were lying on the same places where they killed, a small pool of blood under them, no other traces there, evidence enough that they had not been dragged from one place to another.

In regard to the characters of the prisoners I wrote you already and nobody doubts that they fully deserved their fate. I have to say nothing more about Joshua Chilton, the senator. In the possession of alexander Chilton a Government saddle and two Government horses were found. He was known as [a] way - layer; assisted in robbing trains, killing stragglers and continued this trade with more eagerness since he took the oath of allegiance to the United State. William Chilton served in Price's army and continued to be a rebel afterwards; never took the oath. Henry Smith, one of the most desperate characters, was accused of the murder of Worthington, was a worthy member of coleman's band and robbed twice the store of William copeland in Barnesville, Reynolds County, Mo. James Gallian is [was] heard bragging of having murdered a man on the road of whom he took horse, equipments and $ 80 in money; was a regular horse thief.

A more exact report of the whole affair has reached you undoubtedly by this time through the month of the commanding officer of the detachment.

* * * * * * *

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WEYDEMEYER,

Lieutenant - Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAMP BOYD, Nea Rolla, Mo., August 30, 1862.

Major ROBERT CARRICK,

Commanding Third Infantry Missouri Volunteers.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 103, issued at headquarters Rolla Division, Rolla, Mo., August 28, I took command of the detachment of Third Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, composed of 105 men, and proceeded as directed in said order. On arriving at Salem, Mo., I encamped for the night. Morning August 30 having learned that there was no probability an attack on that place I returned to these headquarters, having in charge when starting six prisoners, one contraband horse and one saddle.

The prisoners were put into the hands of Lieutenant Lacy, who reports that they endeavored to effect their escape and in consequence thereof were all killed. The names of the prisoners are the following; Joshua Chilton, Alexander Chilton, Henry Smith, James Gallian, William Chilton, Jackson Heron.

GEO. S. AVERY,

Captain, commanding Detachment.

