
OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, August 31, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I am informed by General Wilcox that' there are as number of political prisoners at Salisbury, N. C., who are very anxious to be exchanged for rebel prisoners that we have of the same character. among these men there are many of high respectability and position from Virginia, Kentucky and other border States who are staunch Union men who have made great sacrifices for the cause in consequence of which they are treated with much severity.

Under these circumstances it would seem to be only justice to them and to the interest of the Union cause that immediate arrangements should be made for their exchange.

We have in our possession political prisoners and camp followers who might be singled out for such an exchange. The loyalty of persons in Southern States should not be the cause of loss and suffering to them when it in is our power to shield them.

I learn also from the general that a number of our people were released from confinement at Richmond in May last who would return to the service and make efficient soldiers if they can be exchanged and notified of the fact.

Captain E. D. Phillips, First Infantry, just from West Point, informs [me] that First Lieutenant J. W. Adams, Fourth Infantry, now at West Point, N. Y., wounded, has been exchanged three times, once by himself, once with others for a major and again with others for a colonel. He informs me also that First Lieutenant Steen, formerly of the Third Infantry, who resigned April 1, 1861, has been exchanged for a rebel officer.

I think it proper to mention these reports to you without being able to vouch for their accuracy if they be true you may take such steps in the matter as you think proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

IOWA CITY, IOWA, August 31, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant - General.

DEAR SIR: Governor Kirkwood desires me to cal the attention of the Adjutant - General to my status as a prisoner of war. You will doubtless remember me as one of three officers who were sent to washington to secure a general exchange of prisoners and ordered to report to the commanding officer at Saint Louis. I was taken prisoner at the battle of Shiloh on the 6th of last April with Brigadier - General Prentiss and paroled for the purpose stated on the 30th of May. My parole continues until I am exchanged an therefore I can do no service until then. The Governor has appointed me colonel, or will as soon as I am exchanged, of the Twenty - second Regiment from this State. This appointment has been approved by the Secretary of War and I am waiting to be exchanged in order that I may take command of my regiment. The regiment has been mustered into the service and is armed and equipped ready for the field. At the time I was taken prisoner I was major of the Third Iowa Infantry. I desire my name sent forward for exchange as soon as possible that I may go into service. All that is necessary is to send some Confederate officer of my rank, or the number of equivalents according to the existing cartel, to the lines in

