
exchange for me. As I am here nothing more will be needed in the way of actual delivery.

I address this to you, colonel, as I have met you and have some acquaintance with you and believe you will do all can to aid me in this matter. The early attention of the department to it will be a great favor to me and my regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. STONE,

Major Third Iowa Infantry.

COLE'S BRIDGE, IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD,

August 31, 1862.

Colonel A. J. POTEN,

Commanding Fifth Reg. Infty. Missouri Vols., Sulphur Springs, Mo.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you the following about an expedition sent out by Captain B. Essroger, under my command, consisting of twenty men, mounted infantry. My order received from Captain Essroger was to proceed to the residence of Mr. Joseph Bass, on Indian Creek, where he was told that the notorious murderer, Rufus Hopkins, was residing; to arrest both Joseph Bass and Rufus Hopkins and to shoot the said Hopkins. Therefore I left Deok Bridge at 9 o'clock p. m. on the 29th instant; went over the Old Mine and Fourche a Renault to the place designated to me where I arrived at 6 a. m. on the 30th instant. On my demand Mr. Joseph Bass delivered himself quietly, and inquiring of him about Rufus Hopkins he assured me where he could be found. A sergeant and eight men sent out from Bass' place after him met him on the road, took him prisoner and brought him to me. I gave the prisoner Hopkins ink charge of Corporal Stolz and Privates Pfuge and Kreichauf, with the order to follow the detachment at the distance of half a mile and to shoot the said Hopkins. This order was executed about a mile from Bass' place, near Indian Creek. The corporal with the two men on their way to join the detachment again were fired at from the bushes.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. VON BODUNGEN,

Lieutenant, fifth Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 1, 1862.

Colonel PERCY WYNDHAM,

First New Jersey Cavalry, Army of Virginia, Centerville.

SIR: Since the return of Brigadier - General Thomas I have been informed by him that you were not exchange as was supposed. I have just learned you were with your regiment on duty.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 30. Baltimore, September 1, 1862.

W. A. Van Nostrand, city marshal of Baltimore, is this day appointed civil provost - marshal for the Eighth Army Corps, Middle Department, subject only to the order of the commanding general

