
[Indorsement.]

KEOKUK, IOWA, September 16, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to Major - General Halleck. General Holmes on paper seems very reasonable, but to Captain Noble* who bore my dispatches he expressed very sad conceptions of me.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major - General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT, OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 1, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: On the 15th of August I exchanged 34 prisoners, equivalent to 51 privates, for 11, equivalent to 25, and 18 privates, total, 43. The eighteen privates had been exchanged by authorized agent of our Government the day previous (see orders from the War Department, C. S., herewith inclosed). +

You will perceive, general, from the papers herewith inclosed that there was an error in the transaction against the Confederate State of twenty - six privates occasioned by the previous exchange of the eighteen paroled by you on the 23rd of July and the error in value of the non - commissioned officers.

To correct this and dispose of the privateers properly I propose that those names in list A be exchanged for an equivalent in list B, to take effect from the dates set opposite their names respectively, the surplus to be paroled until properly exchanged. The two wounded men were not exchanged or paroled on the 15th of August as they could not be removed. The sergeant - major has since been paroled and both of them will be delivered to you as soon as they can be transported.

You will find from their signatures herewith transmitted that John W. McLaughlin and Barney Shelts were paroled and not exchanged, and John M. Snider and Silan Uhl were exchanged and not paroled, as supposed by you. I hold two prisoners taken in the act of bushwhacking, and A. I. Bunch selected on the 15th of August at Tazevell as hostage for Parkey held by you. I propose to exchange either of them for Mr. Parkey.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Franklin, Tex., September 1, 1862.

COMMANDER OF THE C. S. TROOPS, San Antonio, Tex.

SIR: I found on my arrival here some twenty - odd sick and disabled soldiers of the C. S. Army whom I was ordered by General Canby, commanding the Department of New Mexico, to make prisoners of war.

These men at their earnest solicitation I send to San Antonio on their parole. They have been furnished with rations of subsistence for forty days and with such medicines and hospital stores as were necessary for them for the road. I have also furnished two wagons for the transportation of those who are unable to walk, and I have sent an escort of

---------------

* See Noble's report of his mission, September 5, p. 492.

---------------

+ Not found.

