
one lieutenant and twenty - five rank and file of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, to guard them attacks by Mexicans or Indians until a sufficient force from your army is met to whom they may be transferred, or until they reach some point near San Antonio where from thence onward they can travel with safety. From that point the lieutenant is ordered to return with his party and all the means of transportation belonging to the United States with which he is intrusted for the use of his escort benefit of these prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier - General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HDQRS. ROLLA DIVISION, DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Rolla, September 1, 1862.

General SCOFIELD, Commanding District of Missouri.

SIR: I would respectfully represent that John Tierney, John White, Robert Burton (Company A), William O'Harra, Hiram Irwin

(Company C), Micheal W. Hughes, William H. McKnight, Stephen H. Montgomery, William S. Moore, William Bulger, John T. Estis, John Dugan, Lafayette Walker, John H. Hazard, (Company D) and Jeremiah Quinlan (Company F), all of Peabody's regiment, were at the battle of Lexington and captured by Price. Afterwards they were paroled on their making oath they would not bear arms against the Southern Confederate during the present war not aid nor abet the United State. Subsequent to the fall of Lexington Generals Fremont and Price negotiated the exchange* of some prisoners and it was reported that the men of Colonel Peabody's regiment captured by Price were exchanged. This led many of the men to re - enlist among them the persons whose names I have herein set out enlisted in my regiment (Third Missouri Cavalry).

It has now been ascertained that they were not exchanged and that they are now under the obligations of their paroles. They have learned that some of the men who thought they had been exchanged and therefore re - enlisted have since been captured, recognized and shot. They have also statements that many of the men paroled at the time they were are now in Jefferson Barracks in accordance with general orders. They are good and true men, do not want to leave the service but desire to be relieved from duty against the South until they shall know that they are regularly exchanged. In behalf of those men I ask that they shall be relieved from duty in my regiment and that they report to Jefferson Barracks till exchanges. I feel myself that their situation is such as demands relief. I known that in the service in my regiment they are almost daily exposed to capture. I do not wish to lose the men from my regiment, but I do want to relieve them from the exposure of being shot after capture on a charge of violation of parole. I would be highly pleased, general, if you can make the order for their relief from duty in my regiment and report at Jefferson Barracks. +

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

---------------

* See Vol. I, this Series, for Fremont - Price exchange, p. 548 et seq.

---------------

+ See Vol. I, this Series, p. 141 et, seq., for status of some Federal prisoners captured at Lexington.

