
OFFICER COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, September 1, 1862.

Major J. G. FONDA, Commanding Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill.

MAJOR: I leave for Saint Louis tonight and will learn whether it will not be to sent the prisoners there by steam - boat transportation to Cairo, and until you hear further from me you need only make the necessary preparations. I send you some blanks to be used by these who wish to take the oath of allegiance - they should be taken intriplicate, one for the man, one for your records and one to accompany the rolls to this office. These discharges may be made immediately. No transportation in allowed them and you will notice that only Confederate prisoners of war are to be so discharged. Detain a sufficient number of good attendants to remain with the sick who are unable to travel. I expect to be in Springfield on Wednesday evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, September 1, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary - General of Prisoners, Detroit,

COLONEL: I would respectfully state this morning that since the removal of prisoners of war southward a good many citizen prisoners have been received here from Kentucky and Virginia and placed in the east prisons, Nos. 1 and 2, until these prisoner are very much crowded indeed, and prison Numbers 3 is filling up fast with paroled prisoners, the camp outside being all taken up already.

Among the prisoners still here there are perhaps as many as 200 who claim to be prisoners of war and some of them no doubt are so had we the means of knowing certainly or any other evidence besides what comes from themselves. Can I not be allowed to send 200 of such prisoners to Johnson's Island? If so that number would afford us sufficient relief from the crowd in those two prisons and room also most likely for new comers for the time being.

If it is not designed to use the west prison, i. e., Numbers 3. for prisoners of war any longer, can we not take down the walls? The lumber can be used to a good advantage of the whole prison, or otherwise of even the half of it. I am anxious, colonel, sir an early reply to this, for it a lot of twenty - five prisoners should come in today I would scarcely know where to put them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. B. ALLISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 1, 1862.

A. RICKETTS, Wilkesbarre, Pa.:

Pay no attention to the habeas corpus. Resist all attempts to liberate persons you have in custody to the utmost. Have sent by mail papers asked for.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge - Advocate.

