SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHEAST MISSOURI DIVISION, Numbers 22. Macon City, Mo., September 1, 1862.

I. A commission of offices as hereinafter designated will assemble at Hudson City at 10 a. m. tomorrow or as soon thereafter as practicable.

The commission will examine all the prisoners now confined at Hudson and will report in full upon each case, stating in each case whether satisfactory evidence appears to them that the prisoners has of has not taken that oath; what is his general character and reputation; whether he has been a bad man or whether simply an ignorant one misled by more designing upon; what amount of mischief he has been doing, and report generally upon the character, past conduct and present condition of each prisoners.

This examination will of necessity be informal and a wide latitude of testimony allowed, the object being to draw the line between those in whose case the extreme punishment be inflicted, those who should be confined for the war and those who should be released.

Detail for commission: Colonel William P. Robinson, Twenty - third Missouri; Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Shaffer, Merrill's Horse; Captain J. W. Moore, Twenty - third Missouri. Major George M. Houston, assistant adjutant - general, will act as judge - advocate and record the proceedings.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Lewis Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 2, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK:

Two officers have arrived here from Alexandria with prisoners of war, said to be between 600 and 700, without any lists. I have sent three flags of truce with prisoners of war within a week. They are sent here without notice and without regularity and I am obliged to give previous notice of their delivery. It is indispensable that there should be some system in regard to the. If they could be collected at Fort Delaware or some other point and sent in considerable numbers it would save a great deal of trouble. I have the last week sent three of my aides away on this business leaving me but one to assist me. One of them has just returned having delivered over 190 to Mr. Ould last evening. Mr. Ould sent me word that he wished us to send steamers for some 3, 000 or 4, 000 of our prisoners now in Richmond and give him previous notice. I propose to keep the 600 of 700 rebel prisoners just received from Alexandria on board the steamer that brought them until some one can here and attend to them. There is no room on shore for them.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DIVISION,Macon City, Mo., September 2, 1862.

Major CALDWELL:

You will dispose of the prisoners as below directed in each case. The execution will be by shooting to death, and I desire that it may be

