
done publicly and with due form and solemnly in as much as I wish the necessary effects produced without being compelled again to order an execution:

1. John Gastemee, to be shot to death on Friday, the 5th of September, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3 p. m., at Mexico, Mo.

2. William M. McFarland, to be shot to death on Friday, the 5th of September, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3p. m., at Mexico, Mo.

To be taken to the execution ground and the following order then read to him:

In consideration of the noble taken for the right by your brother, Captain McFarland, of the Ninth Missouri State Militia, the commanding general is pleased to order that your life be spared and your sentence commuted to confinement during the war. This is a tribute to the patriotism and sense of duty of your brother, and not out of consideration for a man who has not only committed the crime of unlawfully and in violation of all the rules of civilized war taken up arms against his Government, but who has added to that crime the fearful offense of blackening with perjury a should already stained with crimes which no right - minded man can view except with horror and disgust. Let the awful example before you teach you the lesson you evidently so much need, and show by you earnest repentance of your crimes that you are again worthy to be called brother by an honest man.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Northeast Missouri Division.

3. Soloman Donaldson, to be shot to death on Friday, the 5th of September, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3 p. m., at Mexico, Mo.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Northeast Missouri Division.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Saint Louis, Mo., September 2, 1862.

Colonel L. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Supt. of Transportation, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: The Confederate prisoners of war at the military prison at Alton and at Camp Butler are about transferred to Vicksburg, Miss., for exchange, and I have to request you will direct the necessary transportation to be provided by rail to Alton and thence by steam - boat stopping at Cairo to Vicksburg. There will be about 3, 000 in all and they will taken with them rations to serve them to Cairo where their supplies will be renewed. They will be divided into parties of 1, 000 each, and at Cairo they will be delated to collect several boat together (other parties are moving from Chicago) that they may have convoy beyond that point. They will cooked rations for as many days as possible, but it will be necessary to make arrangements with the boats to make their coffee and to allow some cooking. The commanding officer at the above stations will notify you when the prisoners will be ready to leave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Saint Louis, September 2, 1862.

Colonel B. G. FARRAR, Provost - Marshal, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: The Confederate prisoners of war are about being transferred from the military prison at Alton to Vicksburg for exchange

31 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

