
and I wish you would have those who are confined in this city ready to join them as they pass down the river. Let them take cooked rations to Cairo. Arrangements will be made with the boat to make their coffee.

Prepare duplicate rolls to accompany them, which will be handed to the officer in charge of the guard.

If there are any belonging to the Confederate Army who wish to take the oath of allegiance administer it to me and discharge them. Take it in triplicate - one for the man, one for your records and one for this office. Send a roll of those who take the oath to the Adjutant - General at Washington and one to me at Detroit. The commanding officer at Alton will let you know when the prisoners will leave that prison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., September 2, [1862.]

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff.

SIR: I have the honor to report that under the following order from Brigadier General B. F. Kelley-

CUMBERLAND, MD., August 19, 1862.

Major JOS DARR, Jr., Provost - Marshal - General:

If the ladies refuse to take the oath it is clear evidence they are disloyal, and the public interest requires that they shall not be at liberty for the purpose of disseminating their treason among the citizens. You will therefore confine them.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier - General.

I have placed in custody Mrs. Peck and daughter, of Moundsville, Marshal County, Va. The ladies heretofore arrested after reflecting have been released on concluding to take the oath and have also given bond.

There can be no question about the very salutary effect of these arrests in Western Virginia. I have heretofore reported these arrests to General Kelley. Shall I discontinue them and report to you headquarters? I always send you lists of prisoners with charges when sent to Camp Chase and at the end of every month. I have inclosed you the order from Secretary of War giving authority to release political prisoners here on recommendation of Governor Peirpoint.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR. JR.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT, U. S. ARMY,

Indianapolis, Ind., September 2, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners of War, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I transmit herewith a letter this day received from Doctor Kitchen, surgeon in charge of City Hospital, relative to payment of employees, &amp;c., at the hospital. I think the prisoners' fund should be drawn on for payment of these bills as suggested in Doctor Kitchen's letter, which is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. EKIN,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

