
[Inclosure.]

CITY HOSPITAL, September 2, 1862.

Captain EKIN.

DEAR SIR: I am at a great loss to know what to do about paying the employees at the hospital. A recent order from Washington prevents you from making such payments and the only way I can think of is for you to write to Colonel Hoffman and ask his consent to an arrangement like this: The savings from the rations at Camp Morton have been large and a fund has been created called the prisoners' fund. Now what better use could be made of this fund than to pay for taking care of the sick prisoners, the greater part of the work at the hospital being on their account? There is an immense amount of work yet to do in the war of washing, house - cleaning and white - washing. I would like money enough out of that fund to pay such expenses. Please inform Colonel Hoffman at your earliest convenience that there is due the employees for the month of August $ 199, 50. My estimate for white - washing, house - cleaning, &amp;c., is $ 100 more. Urge Colonel Hoffman to make arrangements for the payment of both amounts.

Very respectfully,

JNO KITCHEN,

Surgeon in Charge Hospital.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, September 2, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant - General U. S. Army, Philadelphia.

SIR: I have been four weeks in prison on the grave charge of parole breaking while not a word of light can I obtain as to watch course is to be taken in an imputation so serious as to effect my honor and my life. At the same time in which I am afflicted with the misery of imprisonment, presumption as to dishonor, possible danger of my life and ignorance of period of imprisonment I am strange to say on the honor of a gentleman and soldier innocent of the charge. Is it reasonable to suppose I would remain six mouths at home where hundreds of men continually passed and repassed the army lines with entire impunity (near Clarksville, Tenn.) without leaving home to the distance of twenty miles or communicating with the enemy of the United States, them leaving home after the signing of the cartel, starting for Washington to report to General Halleck for exchange, regularly reporting to General boyle my arrival in Louisville, that then I would have violated my paroled where I would be almost certain to be detected? Will you please order a court - martial for me immediately?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

REBUBEN R. ROSS,

Prisoner of War.

P. S. - General Halleck writes me that my papers and my case have been turned over to you for your decision. I will thank you, general, to examine them and place me at liberty for exchange or court - martial me as they may warrant you in doing.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 3, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN or any

U. S. OFFICERS HAVING CHARGE OF PRISONERS OF WAR:

Any officer having charge of prisoners taken from the enemy is authorized to make a special exchange for General R. W. Johnson upon

