
you will place in the hands of the commander of the guard with direction to turn them and the prisoners over to Captain H. M. Lazelle, Eighth U. S. Infantry, agent for the delivery of prisoners of war at Vicksburg, Miss., to whom he will report for further orders. If the prisoners have any money in your possession you will turn it over to the commander of the guard with a certified account showing the amount due each individual, which money and account will be turned over to Captain Lazelle. If there are any too sick to travel they will remain in hospital with such attendants as may be absolutely necessary.

To such of these Confederate prisoners as wish to take the oath of allegiance you will administer it and discharge them at once. Make duplicate rolls of all so discharge, one of which sent to the Adjutant - General at Washington and the order to me at Detroit. Let the oath records of your office and the other sent to me with the rolls.

I expect this movement to be made on the day after tomorrow if possible; if not the following day certainly. Give Colonel Parsons notice at least twenty - four hours before transportation will be required by telegraph, and notify General Tuttle at Cairo of the sailing of the boat by telegraph, reporting the same fact to me by letter at Detroit, Mich. Before the party embarks have the rolls called to see that all are present who should be there, and only those, and make any corrections in the rolls that may be necessary. You must be governed by the rolls in determining who are Confederate prisoners of war, and only those who are reported as belonging to the Confederate Army will be considered as such. Give the commander of the guard particular instructions to see that there are no disorders on the boat of any kind among the guard or the prisoners. You will have it understood before the boat leaves that no spirituous [liquors] of any kind be sold by any person on board, and you will direct the commander of the guard to see that the order is not violated. Beer also must be excluded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Alton, Ill., September 3, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: When I was at Sandusky I omitted to say anything of the confederate naval prisoners at the depot, and to guard against misunderstanding I think it well to say that they are included among those to be exchanged, and if they did not go with those sent to Cairo you will send them there under a guards immediately to report to the commanding officer to join some party en route to Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Wheeling, Va., September 3, [1862.]

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff.

SIR: I have the honor to report the receipt from the War Department dated September 1, 1862, of an order to arrest all prisoners refusing

