
to take oath of allegiance, and not to discharge them from custody when they refuse to take it without further order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR. JR.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL, Numbers 61. Saint Louis, September 3, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VIII. Mrs. Sappington, of Saint Louis County, having given information to the traitors of the movement of the U. S. forces and having harbored and aided men in arms against the United States Government it is hereby ordered that said Mrs. Sappington give parole and bond in $ 2, 000 for her future loyal conduct and conversation, and leave the State of Missouri within forty - eight hours after receipt hereof and reside in the State of Massachusetts, reporting hereto by letter monthly until further order here from.

BERNARDO G. FARRAR,Provost - Marshal - General.

Proceedings of a court of inquire which convened at Alton, Ill, pursuant to the following order, i. e.:
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 207. Washington, August 26, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XV. By direction of the President a court of inquiry will assemble at Alton, Ill., the 3rd day of September, 1862, to inquire into the circumstances of the escape of thirty - six prisoners of war from the military prison at Alton on or about the 25th dy of July last. The court will make a report and give an opinion in the matter, and will consist of Major Edmund Underwood. Eighteenth U. S. Infantry; Captain Alfred Gibbs, Third U. S. Cavalry; Captain V. R. Hart, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry.

The junior member will act as recorder.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant - Adjutant - General.

ALTON, ILL, September 3, 1862.

The court met at 10 a. m. pursuant to the above order. Present: Major Edmund Underwood, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry; Captain Alfred Gibbs, Third U. S. Cavalry; Captain, V. K. Hart, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, recorder of the court of inquiry. The court then proceeded to the business before it and was duly sworn by the recorder and the recorder duly sworn by the president of the court. The recorded here stated that his proper name was V. K. Hart instead of V. R. Hart, and it was directed to be so entered upon the minutes.

The recorded requested that the court would adjourn until the next day to allow him time to prepare the case summon his witnesses, &amp;c. The court then adjourned until the 4th instant at 9 a. m.

ALTON, ILL, September 3, 1862.

The court having ascertained that it was determined to sent the Thirteenth Regiment of Infantry on active service the next morning at 9 a. m. reassembled at 2 p. m., and in view of the exigencies of service determined to reconvene at 8 p. m. on the same evening. The

