
exaction of about eighteen inches diameter, packing the removed earth and stones to the depth of about two feet on top of and behind the other ovens, securely concealed from view by the shed that covered the others. They then cut through the solid limestone was under ground and awaiting a dark and cloudy night made their escape one by one. From the examination of the localities it is easy to see how they should have escaped the notice of the sentinel near the end of whose post they emerged from the prison yard. The place he was principally directed to guard was at the other end of his post and his attention was principally called to that. Taking advantage of this after the excavation was made all else was easy, and it only to be wondered at that more did not escape under the circumstances. On examination of the place of confinement of Colonel Magoffin, it was found that he occupied a room upstairs, being sick. A sentinel was placed over him in front, and the exit for necessary purposes was guarded by an iron door fastened by a padlock opening into the prisoners' corridor. It was evident to the court that he escaped from his cell by the picking of this padlock key prisoners from the outside. Under these circumstances the court came to the following opinion:

That the escape of the prisoners of war at the military prison at Alton, Ill., on the night of 24th of July last was due to dereliction of duly, but to whom the court is unable to say from the evidence before them. Blame necessarily attaches to the officer of the day who when the corporal of the guard was called did not go to the end of the post to examine further; but as that officer, Lieutenant Bates, has been but little more than a month in service his laxity has some palliation. It certainly appears that the cell of Colonel Magoffin was insecurely guarded inasmuch as the only exit from it was fastened by a padlock and opened into a corridor in which the prisoners had free access.

The court does not attach any culpability to Major F. F. Flint, Sixteenth Infantry, as from the continued press of business upon him he was unable to give his full attention to the prison and was necessarily obliged to rely upon subordinates of short service and inexperience.

ED. UNDERWOOD,

Major, U. S. Army, President.

V. K. HART,

Captain, Nineteenth Infantry, Recorder of Court.

The court of inquiry having no more business before it, then at 2 p. m. adjourned without day.

ED. UNDERWOOD,

Major, U. S. Army, President,

V. K. HART,

Captain, Nineteenth Infantry, Recorder of Court.

BALTIMORE, September 4, 1862.

Colonel TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant - General.

You will please inform the General - in - Chief that the paroled prisoner at Annapolis at this time are not badly treated. Under the administration of Colonel Staunton they no doubt were badly treated or rather neglected. I have assigned an officer to look after them who has arranged all things satisfactorily. I will explain to the general as soon as I possible can.

* * * * * * *

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major - General.

