
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 71. Washington, June 21, 1862.

In every case of prisoners taken in arms against the United States who may be tried and sentenced to death the record of the tribunal before which the trial was had will be forwarded for the action of the President of the United States, without whose orders no such sentence in such cases will be executed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 21, 1862.

Colonel D. D. TOMPKINS,

Asst. Quartermaster-General,

Numbers 6 State street, New York.

SIR: A telegram was sent you on the 15th instant information you of the expected arrival in the New York of Piere Soule and Adolphe Mazureau, political prisoners from New Orleans, and conveying orders from the Secretary of War that they should be confined in Fort Lafayette and allowed to hold no communication with any person until further orders. On the 18th instant your telegram was received in these words:

The prisoners Pierre Soule and Adolphe Mazureau have arrived here from New Orleans by the steamer Ocean Queen and have been to Fort Lafayette as directed.

Lieutenant-Colonel Burke reports their arrival the next day, June 19th, and their confinement at Fort Lafayette. The Secretary of War is informed that instead of being allowed no communication with any person and being taken from the ship direct to Fort Lafayett these prisoners on landing went to a hotel in New York City and were taken in charge by the U. S. marshal and were not delivered at Fort Lafayette until one or two days after they arrived in New York. He directs that you report without delay the facts and circumstances of the case.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding General.

GENERAL: I am informed by the Secretary of War that Captains Triplett and Springs were captured in Greenbier County and are supposed to be in Camp Chase, in Ohio. They have not been tried either by court-martial or military commission and are held as other prisoners.

In the treatment of prisoners the United States Government is controlled by principles of humanity and civilization, and I respectfully suggest to you the very great danger of violation those principles whenever retaliatory measures are based upon rumor or even upon newspaper report.

I beg leave to express my appreciation of your own view and sentiments, and am,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

4 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

