
FORT MONROE, September 4, 1862.

General JAMES S. WADSWORHT:

I sent you a dispatch containing Mr. Ould's answer in regard to civilian prisoners. I have heard nothing more from him. There should be one agent here to go to Aiken's and confer with him. I have between 600 and 700 prisoners of war sent down yesterday from Alexandria without lists and without instructions of any sort. I am making out the lists and shall send them off tomorrow if no agent comes.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS, Washington, September 4, 1862.

Brigadier General A. W. WHIPPLE, Arlington:

General McClellan considers it improper to employ paroled prisoners on any military duty. The cartel stipulates that we shall not employ them for any duty usually performed by soldiers.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant - Adjutant - General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION, Numbers 622. Sprngfield, Mo., September 4, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. The flag of truce which arrived near this place this evening purporting to come from Colonel Campbell with authority to negotiate an exchange of prisoners will return to Ozark. From that point the officer in charge will communicate in writing any proposition he may have to make, sending at the same time proof of his authority and that Colonel Campbell is an officer in the Confederate service and thus authorized to negotiate an exchange of prisoners.

By order of Brigadier - General Totten:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.
HEADQUARTERS, September 5, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding &amp;c.

GENERAL: Referring to your letter of the 24th of July last and my reply of the 26th of that month respecting the alleged confinement in irons of Captain George D. Walker, lately commanding the steamer Theodora, I have the honor to inform you that the commanding officers of Forts Columbus and Lafayette report that Captain Walker has not been a prisoners at either of these posts. I have no information in regard to him further than that contained in your communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. B. McLELLAN,

Major - General, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, September 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have competed the lists of the 641 prisoners of war sent here from Alexandria. I have discharged and shall send to New York by sea

