
today 101 who have taken the oath of allegiance; the remaining 540 to Aiken's Landing this morning. Your letter by Major Bolles is received. I beg you to be assured that I will cheerfully perform any service thrown upon me. You know the articles of agreement in regard to prisoners of war require that agents shall be appointed to arrange exchanges, to attend to the delivery of the prisoners, &amp;c. Mr. Ould always comes to Aiken's Landing and is met by different individuals of whom he has no knowledge except through letters from me, and in his answer to my letter written at the instance of General Wadsworth in regard to citizens prisoners he somewhat curtly said he would confer with General Thomas when he met him.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, &c.,Near Cumberland Gap, September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: Your communications* of the 4th instant with regard to exchange of prisoners of war and citizens, also one asking for information respecting Captain Davis Fry, Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, I had the honor to receive on yesterday.

I accept the proposition of exchange agreeably to your Schedules D and E, those paroled to be exchanged today. I will exchange Mr. Elijah Jones for Mr. Parkey, A. I. Bunch for Robert Hurst and John Blankership for William Crocksdale, but cannot consent to the condition that Mr. Bunch shall not again be arrested. He will be permitted to take his family into your lines. If he remains on this side he will be paroled to hold no communication directly or indirectly with the Federal forces, and so long as it is observed in good faith he will not be arrested.

Sergeant - Major Smith and Private Maps will be delivered to you as soon as it will be proper to remove them. Their attending surgeon thinks the former can be returned in a few days.

I am unable at present to give you the information desired with regard to Captain fry, but be assured, general, that I will endeavor to obtain it for you. I will forward Colonel Carter's communication of the 16th of April and yours of the 21st of June addressed to " General Smith, commanding Cumberland Gap, &c.," to the commander of the department in which the party is supposed to be with as request that the information be furnished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, September 5, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Third Infantry, Chicago, Ill.

CAPTAIN: You will visit Camp Douglas and Camp Butler and see that all accounts connected with the care of prisoners of war are satisfactorily closed before their departure for Vicksburg. When accounts

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

