
are presented for payment about the propriety of which is a doubt you will refer them to me. You will also visit the military prison at Alton, Ill., to see that the regulations heretofore issued are closely adhered to by the new commander. These visits will be made in the order best calculated to insure the public interests and the service will be performed with as little delay as practicable, after which you will report to me in person at Detroit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

CHICAGO, ILL., September 5, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that when the prisoners of war from Sandusky passed through Indianapolis en route to Cairo n or about the 2nd instant they were permitted to visit the hotels of the city without guard and permitted to make many improper purchases. They delayed at that point about four hours in changing cars. It was reported to me that many had been permitted to purchase liquor to an immoderate amount; also pistols.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Helena, Ark., September 5, 1862.

Major General S. R. CURTIS, Commanding Army of the Southwest.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of Special Orders, Mo. 274, received from you I on the 29th day of august proceeded on board the steamer Rocket at this place and took charge of the thirty - three prisoners of war to be conducted under a flag of truce to the enemy at Little Rock, having on board for escort the detail under Captain Caven, Eleventh Indiana, and Lieutenant Curry, Bowen's Battalion of Cavalry; that the prisoners consisted of three captains, six non - commissioned officers and twenty - four privates. By authority of Brigadier - General Steele two of the prisoners (privates) who were for sufficient reasons adduced by themselves deemed not prisoners of war were returned to the custody of the provost - marshal with instructions to investigate the facts, and if found as stated to release them from further confinement. The names of these men were Patsey Carroll and Henry Rohmier, who claimed they were deserters. With the remaining prisoners amounting in equivalents to fifty - two privates we left Helena at 2 p. m. on the 29th of August and proceeded that afternoon and evening to the foot of Island Numbers 68, where we anchored the night.

On the morning of the 30th of August we entered White River and advanced without interruption the whole day and evening, anchoring at dark in the middle of the river some fifteen miles below Saint Charles. We here took the precaution to hang upon the flag - mast three white lights, one above the other, to indicate that our boat was under a flag of truce.

We first touched shore at the Saint Charles Landing at 7. 30 o'clock of the morning of the 31st of August, having passed through the

