
obstructions placed in the steam without damage although not without some danger. We found no persons at this point with whom to communicate but the citizens of the place. Ten miles above Saint Charles we again landed at Crockett's Bluff, where were found a squad of soldiers under command of a non - commissioned officer and who received us becomingly. At my request the officer promised to send a messenger to the next picket above to inform the guard of our approach and our object. This picket was said to be at Atkins' Bluff, at which place we were fired upon on our return; but on approaching this point we could discover no one ashore and proceeded without landing on to Casscoe Bluff, which is twenty miles above Saint Charles. At the landing above the bluff we saw a picket, who as we came near fled to the woods, but landing we induced one of the men to approach and informing him of the significance of the flag we carried induced him to send a messenger to the guards above that they might also be informed of the object of our coming. but as we approached Aberdeen, ten miles above Casscoe, the picket consisting of some ten men again fled in great terror, and it was only after a long delay we were able to communicate with them. We again requester that some messenger might be sent on to inform the guards above and also that one might be sent to Little Rock. We were promised by the corporal that both requests would be complied with. We next reached Clarendon, where we found a picket who had been informed by a citizen from Helena that we were to be expected and who stood their ground. We met no other pickets that day but one vedette who saluted us as we passed with some of the choicest airs of Dixie. He was on the edge of a canebrake with rifle in hand, and from his exposure of his person it is supposed he at least knew the meaning of the white flag. At dark we again anchored about fifteen miles below Devall's Bluff, which point we reached on September 1 at 8 a. m. Having made the landing we were unable to find any soldier with whom to communicate, and not knowing how long the delay might last and as the water in the river was falling I sent two mounted men with one of the citizens residing near the Bluff with a dispatch to be transmitted from Brownsville by telegraph announcing our arrival and r car be sent out on the railroad to carry the prisoners to headquarters. Fortunately the cars has started out for the Bluff on their usual tri - weekly trip and we were able to get on them earlier then had we have had to wait for them to be sent from Brownsville. Before the arrival of the cars Lieutenant - Colonel Giddings, of the Twenty - first Texas Rangers, came on board, having received information of our arrival from the people at the Bluff as he was marching northward with his regiment at the distance of about two miles west of our landing. As he was not in command of the post I was unwilling to deliver the dispatches I carried to him although I put him in charge of the prisoners as we were now within the lines of the enemy. By arrangement with Colonel Giddings the prisoners, the colonel, Lieutenant Curry and myself took passage on the train bound for Little Rock, leaving the boat with the escort under the command of Captain Caven. We left at 4 p. m. and arrived at Little Rock at 8 p. m., the distance run being fifty miles. At Hick's Station at my request and on paper furnished by me Colonel Giddings wrote a dispatch to be sent to the general commanding at Little Rock by telegraph from Brownsville, one mile distant, announcing our arrival and proposed coming to Little Rock. This dispatch as transmitted regularity and was at Little Rock before our arrival, as Colonel Giddings informed me.

