
Arriving at Little Rock Colonel Giddings was unable for a long time to find the general or any of his staff officers. At about 10. 30 p. m. I was called upon by Colonel Newton, the assistant adjutant - general of Major - General Holmes, commanding the Department of the Trans - Mississippi, who was accompanied by one Captain Adams. I delivered the dispatches to Colonel Newton and was informed by him that he would at once lay them before the general and that I should await his pleasure. After 11 o'clock I was informed General Holmes would see me at once and I visited that officer's headquarters in company with Lieutenant Curry and Colonel Giddings. The general opened the interview by severely reprimanding Colonel Giddings for having allowed us to come within the pickets. His manner toward me was also indicative of great anger and want of respect. I informed him that it was the want of information, intelligence and attention on the part of his other soldiers and officers that had compelled Colonel Giddings to bring us to headquarters, and that the interview was not personally more desired by myself than by him. I further on the outset stated to him that I had but three points to confer with him upon:

1. In regard to two peddlers who we were informed had been arrested by his forces and were held as prisoners of war and whom we wished released.

2. To procure the proper vouchers for the prisoners I had brought over and to obtain any prisoners of ours he might have on hand.

3. To received any proposition he might make to established a more convenient place to exchange prisoners in future than Little Rock which it was difficult to reach.

The general, who is an old man quite hard of hearing, seemed to pay but little attention to the subjects presented for his consideration, and was pleased to enter upon a disquisition on the conduct of your army, your character and the nature of the retaliatory measures he would adopt if your course was not changed, referring frequently to the fact that a number of Federal officers belonging to General Pope's command had been placed in close confinement and saying that he would do the same. I took occasion several times to interrupt this unusual proceeding and plainly told him that his opinion would not be communicated unless he chose to put; that his assertion of facts was untrue and his conclusions unjust particularly in regard to yourself, and that I would not remain there to hear any further language against you personally. Colonel Giddings also interfered and informed the general that all the prisoners brought up by us had spoken very complimentary of their treatment while in our hands. I regret to have to state that the major - general still did not deem it unbecoming in him under the circumstances to continue his disquisition only omitting to make further references to yourself and making his remarks more general. Attempting to become more facetious the general commanding the Department of the Trans - Mississippi, C. S. Army, asked me if I thought a traitor ought to be hung. I replied by asking him if he thought a traitor ought to be hung. He said he did not know. I then said that if he did so think I was surprised he was employed at anything else than hanging for he was daily surrounded only by traitors.

After some other interruptions the general approached the points I had submitted. He promised to investigate the cases of the peddlers and if found as stated to return them under the next flag. He said he had some sixty prisoners whom he would not send at that time and that there were four officers of a Wisconsin regiment whom he would

