
retain until further advised as the course intended to be pursued by our Government, and that he had no proposition to make as to a place of exchange but would in future send a flag and announce any proposed exchange to be at such point as should be designated and that he wished us to do the same. He ordered Colonel Giddings, to then give me the proper voucher for the prisoners received, which was executed in his presence and delivered to me and has been filed at the headquarters of Brigadier - General Steele.

I told General Holmes that we demanded the prisoners held by him to be sent by the next flag as had been customary and so the consultation ended. After my return to the hotel and after I had retired I was waited upon by Colonel Newton who informed me that General Holmes had determined to send the prisoners on hand, some sixty in number, under our flag of truce. I told him I was glad to hear it and would expect them with three days' rations. We were told the cars would be made ready for us at 4 o'clock next morning and that a dispatch would be sent by General Holmes. I awaited the dispatch which was received. Colonel Newton delivered to me but three men, a non - commissioned officer and two privates, and had to inform me that the other prisoners had been sent to General McBride two days before our arrival; that the provost - marshal had not made his return and the general was therefore not aware of the fact the evening before. I left Little Rock at 8 a. m. and arrived at Devall's Bluff at 12 m., accompanied by Colonel Giddings, who expressed his regret at the manner of our reception.

Leaving the Bluff at 2 p. m. of the 2nd of September we proceeded without interruption to Atkins' Bluff which we passed at 2 p. m. of the 3rd of September. For some reason our flag was here fired upon with rifles by a band on shore, two shots falling in the water some distance from the boat. I ordered my escort to load and prepared for action but the enemy did not proceed further, and we continued on our course, anchoring at night some five miles above the mouth of White River, and the next day (September 4) at 7 p. m. reached Helena. I delivered the vouchers for the prisoners I had received from you and the prisoners brought back by me to Brigadier - General Steele, to whom I also reported in full orally and read the dispatch to him from General Holmes, which was also copied in the books of the adjutant's office.

On the 6th I left Helena to join you. I have to report that the men I received from the enemy informed me that they had been kept in close confinement during their stay at Little Rock and fed on corn - bread and water twice a day, sometimes receiving boiled meat which was often too putrid to be eaten. Their vacant and longing look substantiated their story, and it was with feelings of pity for them and detestation of their barbarous foes that I observed their cheerfulness but gradually restored as they breather the fresh air and received a sufficient allowance of food. It is beyond belief that a general who has such starved prisoners to exchange should be able to complain of our treatment of his men. The officers and men who accompanied me behaved on all occasions in a manner highly creditable to the service and such as I know impressed the enemy with a deep sense of the superiority of our troops over themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Lieutenant and Aide - de - Camp.

