
ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 6, 1862

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army, Detroit, Mich.:

Major N. G. Watts is agent to receive prisoner at Vicksburg. Get Judge Hitchcock's instructions from himself.

L THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

(Same to Captain Lazelle, U. S. Army, Memphis, Tenn.)
HEADQUARTERS, Suffolk, Va., September 6, 1862.

Colonel VAN BUREN.

SIR: The departure of General Mansfield for Washington yesterday devolved the command of this post upon me together with the decision of certain question of a somewhat embarrassing character. On the 3rd instant seventy - six prisoners were brought in and now remain here. They say that they were taken prisoners by General Brunside near Roanoke many months since; were by him paroled and returned to their homes where they have ever since remained; that a week since they received notice from their officers at Raleigh that they were regularly exchanged together with an order for them to repair at once to Raleigh, and that in pursuance thereof they were going to Raleigh unarmed though in uniform in the immediate vicinity of our troops without concealment and as they supposed in the exercise of a right created by the exchange. I am of opinion from other facts corroborating their statement that that statement is true. I have no official evidence that they ever were prisoners or that they have ever been paroled or exchanged. Can you give me any information on the subject; or if not will you please instruct me as to the proper course to pursue?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,ORBIS S. FERRY,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., September 7, 1862.

General STANLEY, Iuka:

Have just received a flag of truce in the following terms:

IN CAMP, September 8, 1862.

Lieutenant J. T. WILLIAM, Present.

LIEUTENANT: You will promptly take six men with you and proceed to Tuscumbia under a flag of truce and inquire into the condition of our men now held as prisoners.

Represent to the benefit of parole, &amp;c., until the publication of General Buell's Orders, Numbers 159, dated 8th of August, 1862. I now hold about forty who are anxious to be paroled or exchanged.

You are hereby authorized fully to exchange for all the men we have lost upon any terms you may agree upon in my name.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Captain, Commanding.

I have replied after consultation with Colonel Minzer as follows:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Tuscumbia, Ala., September 7, 1862.

Captain P. D. RODDEY, Commanding, &c.:

Your order addressed to Lieutenant J. T. William, commanding a flag of truce, has been shown to me, your officer in command having been allowed the sacredness of a

