
flag of truce. There are no prisoners in my possession to your command but those who may be in possession of the cavalry. Means will be taken for an exchange in accordance with the usages of war as soon as communication can be had with the general commanding.

Allow me in conclusion to express to you my gratification at the acknowledge generosity with which you have treated our prisoners in your possession and to assure you that such conduct but mollifies the general aspirates of war and never can detract from the high character of a truce soldier.

I have the honor to be, captain you most obedient servant,

R. C. MURPHY,

Colonel, Commanding at Tuscumbia.

I am, general, very respectfully,

R. C. MURPHY,

Colonel Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 8, 1862.

Ordered, That Major L. C. Turner, judge - advocate, be directed to proceed to Fort Lafayette to examine and report upon the cases of all prisoners except prisoners of war confined therein and to discharge such as he may deem proper. The commandant of Fort Lafayette will discharge upon his order and afford him all proper facilities for the execution of his duty.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., September 8, 1862.

Colonel D. CAMPBELL, Commanding Williamsburg.

COLONEL: I have discharged from custody H. Hancock, D. P. Chandler, M. Apperson and R. Y. Jones, finding no cause for their detention. They have all been paroled and their property should be restored to them. I have given all their cases a personal examination. R. O. Christian has been detained as a prisoner of war for exchange. You should be careful not to disturb citizens without good cause, especially if they are not found engaged in any act of hostility to the United States. If we were to undertake to confine all who sympathized with the insurgent States our prisons would not hold them. If you have any doubt about any man he should be required to give the parole (Numbers 1)* of which I inclose a copy, and he should be furnished with a copy of the certificate (Numbers 2)* also inclosed.

I am, respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich, September 8, 1862.

General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: By direction of the War Department hereafter prisoners of war, military and civil, will be held in this department only at Camp Chase, the military prison at Alton and at the depot at Sandusky, the latter being the principal depot. A few prisoners are held temporarily at the Gratiot Steer Prison in Saint Louis preparatory to their being sent to Alton, and some may be held in the same way at Louisville,

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

32 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

