
Superintendent Coffin he may pay accounts, otherwise they are forwarded to this office for adjustment; and in this connection it is proper to state that all express incident to the support and relief of these Indians are paid from their annuities under authority of the act of Congress above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner.

[Sub-inclosure A.]

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, January 3, 1862.

WILLIAM P. DOLE, Esq., Commissioner of Indian Affairs.

SIR: The secretary of War in a letter dated the 2nd instant informs this Department that it is desired to receive into the U. S. service 4,000 Indians from the borders of Kansas and Missouri; that it is proposed to give them each a blanker, army subsistence and such arms as may be necessary to supply deficiencies, and the Secretary requests such instructions from this Department to its officers as will enable Major-General Hunter to organize them.

Your are therefore directed to take such action in the matter as may be necessary to effect object contemplated by the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB B. SMITH,

Secretary.

[Sub-inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 6, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Topeka, Kans.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Captain J. W. Turner, chief commissary of subsistence of this department, has just returned from the encampments of the Loyal Indians on the Verdigris River and in its vicinity, having made arrangements for subsisting these unfortunate refugees until the 15th day of the present month.

In the neighborhood of Belmont and Fort Roe there were at the time Captain Turner left about 4,500 Indians, chiefly Creeks and Seminoles, but this number was being constantly augmented by the arrival of french camps, tribes and families.

Their condition is pictured at most wretched-destitute of clothing, shelter, fuel, horses, cooking utensils and food. This last-named article was supplied by Captain Turner in quantities sufficient to last until the 15th instant after which time I doubt not doubt not you will have made further arrangements for their continued subsistence.

In taking the responsibility of supplying their wants the Indian Department could make provision for their necessities I but fulfilled a duty due to our common humanity and the cause in which the Indians are suffering. I now trust and have every confidence that under your energetic and judicious arrangements these poor people may be supplied with al they need after the 15th instant, on which day the supplies furnished by Captain Turner will be exhausted.

I make no doubt that provision should be made for feeding, clothing and sheltering not less than 6,000 Indians and possibly as night as 10,000. On this point, however, you are doubtless better prepared to

