HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., June 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I am advised by a letter from Brigadier General John H. Winder dated at Richmond, Va., the 17th instant that the Rev. David Lee is released from his parole and to be considered exchanged when informed that the Rev. Townsend McVeigh, now on parole at Richmond, is released from his parole and declared to be exchanged. I have the honor to state that I have given the necessary notice to General Winder, so that the exchange is completed and the reverend gentlemen referred to are respectively released from their paroles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 21, 1862.

Captain S. P. REMINGTON, Scott; s Cavalry.

SIR: You will proceed with your command to the north part of Fairfax County and London County, and having carefully ascertained the names and residences of the leading secessionists you will seize their horses and mules to the number of 100. You will not take the horse or any Union man, and when you are in doubt as to the loyalty of a citizens you will not disturb his property. You will avoid taking the property of families in reduced circumstances, and unless in the case of a disloyal citizens of ample means you will not take all the horses belonging to the family.

You will arrest any of the justices who recently met with General Asa Rogers to hold a county court whom you may meet with. You will procure your subsistence from disloyal citizens. You will keep a careful record of your proceedings and report to these headquarters on your return.

JAMES S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 21, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

SIR: Pursuant to paragraph 4, General Orders, Numbers 60, of the 6th instant from the War Department, all medical officers held as prisoners of war at Camp Douglas will be immediately and unconditionally discharged.

If necessary employ a private physical to attend the sick and report immediately all the facts to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

(Similar letters sent to commanding officer of all military prisons.)

