
those at Camp Chase whose cases are undergoing investigation by Judge Hitchcock. The judge was only authorized to examine those cases. All prisoners of war from the East will be sent to Fort Monroe. Give orders to carry out the above. J. Clayton Morehead, James Baker, John W. Garrett, captured at Owensborough, Ky., and now at Camp Chase, will also be sent for trial to Sandusky.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General.

FORT MONROE, September 9, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Five hundred and twenty - five prisoners of war sent from Alexandria were delivered at Aiken's Landing and 604 of ours returned. They are paroled on both sides. I sent the latter last evening to Washington. Mr. Ould makes an earnest request that General Thomas will give him an interview. There are 5, 000 of our prisoners Richmond which they wish us to take. Every steam - boat here is employed in moving the three regiments from Suffolk to Washington called for Sunday.

I have just received a dispatch from General keys at Yorktown informing me that or pickets have been driven in at Williamsburg. I fear Colonel Campbell has been compelled to retire, as the rebels are in possession of the telegraph station at Williamsburg. I am just leaving for Yorktown to be back tonight. I do not think it safe to take any more troops from this quarters unless we retire from Yorktown and Suffolk. I cannot even get another gun - boat for Yorktown from Admiral Lee. I earnestly request that one or two more may be sent from the Potomac.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 9, 1862.

Brigadier General LEWIS MERRILL, Warrenton, Mo.:

I want to select a prominent case to test the question whether a bushwhacker can be shot in a proper manner. I want to know what I can rely on.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier - General.

WARRENTON, MO., September 9, 1862.

Brigadier - General SCHOFIELD:

All right. I will run him up for you.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier - General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 9, 1862.

Brigadier General LEWIS MERRILL:

I think Poindexter had better be tried by military commission. I believe I can secure the execution of a sentence.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier - General.

