
WARRENTON, MO., September 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCH0FIELD:

I had intended to have him shot on Friday but if you think the sentence will be executed he had better be tried.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

HDRQS MILITRY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 9, 1862.

General DIX, Fort Monroe:

The Secretary of War advises me that are charged with exchange of citizen prisoners. I hope you will see Mr. Ould soon on the subject. I am holding about 150 at great inconvenience. Ours in North Carolina are really suffering.

[JAMES S. WANDSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 9, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters* of the 7th and 8th instant. I inclose herewith a receipt for the ninety-seven prisoners paroled by you at Barbousville on the 4th instant, some of whom have not been delivered.

M. G. Parkey, exchanged by your for Elijah Jones, informs me that you have required of him an obligation not to serve his country or one to that effect. Your proposition of the 4th instant, general, was to exchange the citizens named in your letter of that day. I accepted it and delivered those in my possession, requiring of them the parole given in such cases, which has reference only to disclosing information received or obtained whilst a prisoner in our hands. If Mr. Parkey's statement be correct I respectfully ask, general, that you will release him all obligation save those required of the person for whom he was exchanged.

The persons referred to in your letter of yesterday are not under my control.

Your proposition has been forwarded to the headquarters of this department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HANIBALL, MO., September 9, 1862.

General MERRILL.

There are now early 200 prisoners at Palmyra. They are much crowded and unsafe, being a heavy tax on the guard kept there. Will your order a portion of them here where our men can guard them and be at home? If it is desirable it should be done so they can come this afternoon.

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

