
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 10, 1862.

Governor BLAIR, Detroit:

The prisoners on parole will be speedily exchanged, and it is deemed by the General-in-Chief inexpedient to grant any leave of absence because it encourages improper and discreditable surrender.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia, Washington.

SIR: Captain John W. King, Sixty-eight Illinois Volunteers, has just arrived in this city with 610 paroled prisoners of war, lately released from Richmond. The prisoners are on board the steamer Cossack at Washington Arsenal. The Secretary of War directs that you detail an officer to relieve Captain King and direct him and the guard detailed from his regiment and now on the Cossack to join their regiment at Alexandria. The steamer will then proceed to Fort Delaware without landing the prisoners here and they will be turned over to Major Burton, commanding Fort Delaware. On the passage hence a guard can be detailed for the prisoners sufficient to maintain order. Captain King reports there are some sick and wounded men among the prisoners who require medical attendance. You will please see that they have it. It is preferable that all of them should proceed to Fort Delaware, but of course those who may not be in a fit condition to go farther should be placed in hospital here. The inclosed letter to Major Burton you will please cause to be delivered to the officer appointed to relieve Captain King. The detachment will need rations immediately, not having not breakfast this morning.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1861. - For correspondence between Major General B. F. Bulter, U. S. Army, and Major General R. Taylor, C. S. Army, concerning lawless violence, unlawful arrests, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 565 et seq.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Yellville, Ark., September 10, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Commanding.

GENERAL: In the Saint Louis Democrat of the 4th instant now before me appears a telegraphic dispatch dated Saint Joseph, Mo., September 2, which states that Poindexter, the notorious rebel leader of guerrilla bands in Missouri, was caught last night, &c. He is condemned and as a spy will suffer death. You attention is directed to the sentence which I have italicized in the above extract, and information is asked as to the truth of the statements therein made; also whether these men termed "guerrillas" are to be put to death when made prisoners or treated as prisoners of war? I ask to be informed whether your Government approves the conduct of one Chrysop, of the Missouri

