
State Militia, or acting with it, who lately murdered a Confederate soldier acting as hospital attendant at Berryvile, Carrol County, Ark., the murdered man being at the time unarmed and the hospital flag in plain view above him. One Captain Gillespie, U. S. Army, commanded the Federal party at the time. Information is likewise asked whether or not your Government approves the conduct of your Indian auxiliaries who now infest the border counties of Missouri and Arkansas and the Cherokee country and have I many instances murdered and scalped aged and unarmed citizens having no connection with the Army, ravished and inflicted stripes upon women, burned houses and committed other enormities. Abundant proof of the facts stated can be obtained if you desire.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD U. S. GUN-BOAT ESSEX,

Off New Orleans, September -, 1862.

General BENJAMIN F. BULTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces at New Orleans, La.

GENERAL: I understand you have this day captured some guerrillas. On the 15th of August my fourth master, Mr. Spencer Kellogg, with four of my seamen from the Essex, were made prisoners by some guerrillas at Port Hudson when engaged in cutting adrift some flat-boats used by the rebels for conveyance of supplies from the west bank to the east bank of the Mississippi; the next day they were hanged, so I understand from a citizen of Bayou Sara in whom I have much confidence. I would ask you under the circumstances that retribution be carried out, and would respectfully suggest that for each seamen of mine hanged one guerrilla be shot and for my officer ten.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. PORTER,

Commodore, U. S. Navy.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Pursuant to your instructions I have the honor to make the following report in the case of Dr. L. D. Boone, who was arrested at Chicago for furnishing money to a prisoner of war at Camp Douglas by means of which he bided a sentinel and made his escape.

From the report of Colonel Tucker, the commanding officer of Fort Douglas, to the Secretary of War, a copy* of which is inclosed, it appears that at the time Colonel Mulligan relinquished the command of the camp in June Doctor Boone, the head of a committee of citizens of Chicago, had unrestricted communication with the prisoners at the camp and that considerable sums of money were received by the committee and Doctor Boone and distrusted among them, principally through the aid a paroled prisoner who visited the city at his pleasure. All of this was in violation of my written instructions to Colonel Mulligan, and I think it must have been known to be so by all who were

---------------

* Omitted; Trucker to Hoffman, with inclosure, August 4, p. 339.

---------------

