HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BATT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, September 10, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

There are among the detachment of prisoners from Camp Morton and Chase many who claim the right of exchange and many who desire to take the oath of allegiance and some who claim to be Union men. There are many Morgan men, Morhead's cavalry, Missouri and Virginia troops of different kinds, &amp;c. Those claiming to be Union men should have an investigation. From all I can learn Captain Follett will not be back under two or three weeks from this time, so it would be impossible to have a guard from here even if it was decided that any number should be entitled to go forward. Naval officers went as you will perceive by the rolls of remaining sent to you. I am in doubt as to my duty and course of action with regard to some classes of prisoners named above and should like to have you direct me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

P. S. - The roll is complete of the last detachment from Camp Chase with the exception of one or two men about whom as to name, &c., there is some misrepresentation. As soon as it can be satisfactory ascertained the roll will be sent on and probably to-morrow. Will write you in a day or two the prospect of Lieutenant Linnell's company, by which time I can from some correct opinion.

W. S. P.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., September 11, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent for Prisoners of War.

SIR: I will send Major William H. Ludlow, one of my aides-de-camp, to-morrow with steamers of sufficient capacity to contain 5,000 or 6,000 persons to Aiken's Landing. Will you please have such paroled persons as you desire to deliver at that place at an early hour on Saturday? The major is instructed to await you there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., September 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General THOMAS:

Arrived here yesterday. All paroled prisoners sent to Camp Chase the day before I arrived by Captain Melvin, of General Kelly's staff. Rolls were duly made out and everything appears to have been judiciously managed though without any regular authority. Be good enough to send me orders so that I can leave soon.

JAMES COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 11, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I herewith transmit three packages*, being lists of the names, rank, regiment and company of soldiers of the U. S. Army

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

