
fever and affections of the heart and lungs. During the last summer no prevailing diseases have affected the prisoners. A few suffering from wounds and a moderate share on miscellaneous sickness will comprise the amount of ailments and diseases for the last three months. Of late there is more complaining among the prisoners but as yet there is but little serious sickness. The sanitary condition of the prison is good. The prison room and the bedding have been kept comfortably clean. The condition of the prison might have been improved but there has been on the whole but little ground for complaint. The present number in the prison is reported to be ninety.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN FRIZZELL,

Attending Surgeon.

OPELOUSAS JAIL, September 11, 1862.

Major General B. F. BULTER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

DEAR SIR: We take the liberty of addressing you in regard to the treatment we have received since being captured. We have been confined in one of the most pleasant rooms of the jail and generally speaking have had very fair treatment. The rumor of our being confined in irons is not true.

We have conversed with Captain Murhpy, Louisiana Navy, upon the subject of the exchange. We are very anxious upon this point and trust that it will be speedily consummated as we are very tired of this protracted confinement.

We remain, dear sir, your most obedient servants,

JAMES W. CONNELLY,

Second Lieutenant Company H, Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Vols.

CLAYTON COX,

Second Lieutenant Company K, Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Vols.

FORT MONROE, September 11, 1862.

SURGEON-GENERAL:

General Dix sends to-morrow to Aiken's Landing for 6,000 Union prisoners. They are to be sent North at once and many of them will require medical attendance. Can you send me ten volunteer surgeons to-day? No answer received to my telegram of the 9th.

R. H. GILBERT.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 12, 1862

General HALLECK:

A full regiment is very much needed at Annapolis in place of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania now there, which has 500 men for duty. The paroled prisoners, 4,000 in number, require a strong guard as well as general hospital, railroad, provost-marshal and camp of the regiment. Shall I stop one of the new regiments for that purpose?

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

