
from Aiken's to Norfolk and we have advised her not to come again within our lines.

I send you three other prisoners of war, two of whom were captured at Williamsburg on the 8th instant in the attack made by your cavalry on our forces there. The third was taken at New Kent Court-House in one of our reconnaissances.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your two letters* of the 10th and one of the 11th instant with a list of 101 prisoners, yesterday.

I regret to have been obliged to decline to receive the prisoners sent by you at that time. The late hour at which they appeared at my lines prevented me from stating then my objections thereto.

The list referred to contains the names of eighty-six whom I cannot at present receive as prisoners of war. I know of no such companies as "Jessee'", "Nelson's Rangers", or "Dudley's" in our service, and I cannot therefore recognize them until I can ascertain if they have been organized by proper authority.

I inclose herewith a list from whom I will receipt as prisoners of war, and I propose to receive the remainder as citizens of the Confederate States with the promise that they shall be properly accounted for should they prove to belong to the service.

A. L. McAfee and D. W. Oldham, left at Pine Knot wounded, are not members of the C. S. Army and cannot be received as prisoners of war. H. H. Robertson and Michael Herron were discharged from the Eleventh Tennessee and are not now members of that regiment.

In reply to my inquires relative to Captain David Fry, the assistant adjutant-general, Department of East Tennessee, states that-

He was arrested as a spy in Lee County, Va., committed here (Knoxville) about March 30, was sent to Atlanta, Ga., June 13 to await his trial which has not yet taken place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND GAP, September 12, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Confederate Forces in front of Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of to-day informing me that there are no such companies in the Confederate service as "Jessee's", "Nelson's Rangers" or "Dudley's".

I am glad to find, general, that you desire and example to be made which will hereafter be a warning to marauders who commit murder and robbery under the pretext of war. A military commission will at

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

