
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 21, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio.

SIR: The following-named officers, prisoners of war at the depot on Johnson's Island, will be immediately transferred to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, under a suitable guard, viz:

Colonel D. M. Anvil, One hundred and thirty-ninth Virginia Militia; Colonel Joel A. Battle, Twentieth Tennessee; Colonel J. M. Clark, Forty-sixth Tennessee; Colonel William C. Mitchell, Fourteenth Arkansas; Colonel W. A. Quarles, Forty-second Tennessee; Colonel J. M. Simonton, First Mississippi; Colonel J. M. Smith, Eleventh Arkansas; Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Avery, First Alabama, Tennessee and Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Johnson, Forty-sixth Tennessee; Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Jones, Fifty-fifth Tennessee; Lieutenant Colonel M. S. Miller, Eleventh Arkansas; Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Wood, Adams' [Mississippi] Cavalry.

Send a complete roll with them, and under the head of remarks give the date of their joining the depot and where from and the date of their transfer to Fort Warren. There are possibly among the prisoners some who are disposed to create disturbances, and if so you may select three or four of those most conspicuous in this way and transfer them to Fort Warren with the above-named.

My letter of the 22nd May required all enlisted men with certain exceptions to be sent to Camp Chase. This embraces all who are not commissioned officers, among them sergeant-majors, quartermaster's sergeants, &amp;c. By the first opportunity you will send all those now at the depot to Camp Chase, furnishing a complete roll with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

NEW YORK, June 21, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: Mr. George F. Thompson was editor of the New York Daily News prior to January, 1860, during which time Fernando Wood and W. Drake Parsons were owners, since which time I think he has nothing to do with that (the News) concern. Perhaps Mr. Gideon J. Tucker, of this city, may give you more information regarding Ben. Wood than any one else, as he was editor under the ownership of that paper by Ben. Wood, who brought out Fernando Wood's interest on the 14th of May, 1860.

Perhaps Mr. Parsons would be able to give you some information, although this is entirely conjecture on my part. I do not sign this as I do not wish to be drawn into any matter in which Ben. Wood is concerned.

-----

-----

.

P. S. --The accompanying notice is cut from the New York Express of this day.

[Inclosure.]

THE CASE OF Honorable BENJAMIN WOOD.

JUNE 21. --By order of the Secretary of War George F. Thompson, of this city, was sent to Washington last night in charge of a marshal's

