
once assemble to determine upon the guilt or innocence of these parties, and it is proper that I should inform you that your letter will be submitted to the commission as proving that the eighty-six persons whom you declined to recognize as prisoners of war are mere outlaws, and as such must be treated.

Leroy Brown has been found guilty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: There are a number of prisoners of war at Sandusky who claim to belong to the Confederate Army and to have the right of exchange. Some belong to Morgan's men, others to Morehead's and some are Virginia and Missouri troops. Some are on the rolls as recruits, citizens, &amp;c. There are a number who desire to take the oath of allegiance and some wish to be released on parole. I respectfully desire instructions as to the proper course to be pursued in these cases.

I inclose the claim of Oliver A. Patton to be considered a captain in the Confederate service and as such entitled to exchange or parole. Owen County where he asserts he was engaged in recruiting for the Confederate Army is in the northeastern part of Kentucky and I believe has always been within our lines, and it is scarcely possible that be could been there legitimately recruiting for the rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE PRISON, Numbers 3, MESS 43,

September 1, 1862.

Agreeably to your suggestion I will state concisely the facts in my case as I see that you are under a misapprehension of the truth concerning my history. I cannot divine the causes which have produced the error upon your list. I belong to Colonel (Cerro Gordo) John S. Williams' regiment of Kentucky volunteers. I have been in the service of the Confederate Government for over twelve months and am sworn into the service of my said Government for my natural lifetime if the war should last so long. I was captured by forces under Major Bracht, of Warner's Kentucky regiment, during the month of February last in Owen County while engaged in the legitimate duty of recruiting for the Confederate Army there, after having sworn into the said Confederate service many recruits. This I did openly but I cannot say without fear of molestation.

Major Bracht took my horse, saddle, bridle, blankets, arms, &c., refusing to surrender them to a friend of mine at my request at Falmouth, Ky., alleging that I was a soldier and that he was the captor. To this I never murmured nor sought to recover my said horse, &c., being aware that Major Bracht was correct in his decision. I deny

