
that I gave in my name as a citizen upon my arrival here. Colonel Moody was I understood in command of the post. For some time after my arrival no questions were asked me, and when finally I was called upon by your gentlemanly sergeant, Mr. Dean, I told him upon his asking me that I was a soldier and belonged as before stated to you to Colonel Williams's Kentucky regiment. I since learn that the said regiment is denominated the Ninth [Fifth] Kentucky Regiment. Upon his asking me my rank I jokingly responded, "High private front rank until you promote me by finding out". I now cheerfully ask pardon for contributing inadvertently even so much in confusing the facts in my case, and inform you that I am a captain in the C. S. Army and entitled to all the rights and privates of a prisoners of war.

It is a fact patent to every one in the vicinity of my former home, Covington, Ky., that Colonel Robert Patton (my father) and myself joined the Confederate Army at the breaking out of hostilities. Any prisoner here from that quarter will so inform you. I have in my possession an item from the Cincinnati Commercial showing that it is a well-known fact that I am a soldier; that the public at least know who and what I am. I refer you to the following-named gentlemen in prison Numbers 1, whom you can swear and question concerning watch they know of me: Mr. George W. Bromback (a soldier) and Thomas P. Taylor, also a soldier. I inclose two [three] statements* which you can convert into affidavits if you please. I repeat I am a soldier in the C. S. Army, sworn into the service for the war. I was captured by a detachment of a Federal regiment while engaged in the legitimated duty of recruiting for the C. S. Army. I never misrepresented my true character.

Colonel, the manner in which you addressed me a day or so ago led me to believe that you intended to wound my feelings by yours remarks, to wit: "You are not recognized as a prisoner of war"; that I wound be held and tried as a spy. By my reply to the latter quoted remark I did not intend any impertinence if you so understood it (the latter quotation was your first remark then) though I meant the import of what I said that my Government would upon my refusal to surrender me make a special demand, and your Government would surrender me as she has all the prisoners who have been sent off.

I demand my unconditional release, parole or exchange, agreeably to the cartel.

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

OLIVER A. PATTON,

C. S. Army.

P. S. - Pardon the length of this statement. Please inform me of the ultimate result of the examination of it.

O. A. P.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 12, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: Your letter of the 10th is received. In regard to the irregular military prisoners of war who are at the depot you can only be governed by the rolls which are sent with them. None who are known to be Confederate troops should be sent to the depot, but in many cases

---------------

* Omitted; they tend to sustain Patton's claims.

---------------

