
it is difficult to tell how to classify them, and in such cases where there is reason to suppose they are regular troops the matter will be referred to the War Department. As yet there is no authority to release any on taking the oath of allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ON BOARD TRANSPORT STEAMER CHAMPION,

Near Vicksburg, Miss., September 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that I arrived on the evening of the 10th instant, just twelve days after leaving Cairo, with four transports (having on board 3,900 prisoners of war) at Young's Point, twelve miles above Vicksburg, Miss., the place designated by the authorities of the Confederate States for the delivery of prisoners. These prisoners, including in their number six captains and twelve lieutenants, have been delivered to the agent of the Confederate States appointed for their exchanged, with the exception of a number not exceeding twenty, privates, who escaped at Memphis, Tenn., through the gross negligence of the guard of one of the boats while the boat was receiving coal. A portion of these have reported to the authorities at Vicksburg, Miss., and as they escaped while the boats were under a flag of truce they will in the same manner be credited to the Government at Washington as though actually delivered. Most of the remained of those who thus escaped were apprehended at Memphis, and I delay for a few days forwarding the rolls in order that the corrections may be so far so possible made upon them in a complete manner of all absent, though the loss from those who escaped will be very trifling.

With the highest respect, I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., Agent for Delivery of Prisoners of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROLLA DIV., DIST. OF MISSOURI, Numbers 129. Rolla, September 12, 1862.

I. Major Gallup, of Third Missouri Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty as commander of the post at Rolla temporarily and directed to proceed to-morrow morning to Waynesville, Mo., and investigate the killing of prisoners by order of Colonel Sigel as complained of by Joseph B. Reavis, provost-marshal, and report in writing to these headquarters the evidence touching the case that shall be elicited by the investigation. Said major shall have power to send for persons and examine them under oath touching the case and also to send for papers relating thereto.

By order of J. M. Glover, colonel commanding division:

J. C. WHITE,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

