
DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, September 12, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Major Pierson has informed me that you desire me to state why transportation was not procured sooner for the prisoners that were sent away from here. In answer I have the honor to state that every effort was made by both the major and myself to get transportation as soon as possible after you left. The superintendent of the Sandusky, Dayton and Cincinnati Railroad told us that that road did not have a sufficient number of cars to carry 1,200 men and we were delayed until he could get cars from the connecting roads. The major and myself went together every day to urge forward the preparations. I desired the major to assist me because he knew the men with whom we had to deal better than I did, and also from the fact that he had more experience in all matters connected with railroad transportation. We were unable to get cars sooner than Monday.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. H. READ,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Qmr.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 13, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Detroit, Mich.:

Send the rebel prisoners taken in New Mexico, and supposed to be at Fort Riley or Leavenworth, to be released in the West.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,September 13, 1862.

Mr. G. H. C. Rowe is released on parole and will be permitted to go to Fredericksburg, Va., to negotiate for the exchange of state prisoners on giving his parole not to communicate any information, aid or comfort to them in arms against the United States. He will be permitted to cross the Federal lines between Alexandria and Fredericksburg.

[JAMES S. WADSWORTH,]

Brigadier-General, Military Governor District of Columbia.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 13, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I received your letter of [12th] to-day in which you state that you had received my letter of yesterday "informing me (you) that there are no such companies in the Confederate service as 'Jessee's', 'Nelson's Rangers' or 'Dudley's".

If you will refer to my letter you will find my words to be as follows, viz:

The list referred to contains the names of eighty-six whom I cannot at present receive as prisoners of war. I know of no such companies as "Jessee's" "Nelson's Rangers" or "Dudley's" in our service, and I cannot therefore recognize them until I can ascertain if they have been organized by proper authority.

33 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

