
to be paroled if practicable within ten days after their capture. As yet no understanding has been how far State and irregular organizations are embraced in this arrangement, but recently prisoners of war who clearly belong to the Confederate Army have been sent to Camp Chase. I call your attention to this matter as it is not according to the cartel and leads to much expense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 14, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLCEK, General-in-Chief:

The accounts we have of the suffering of our prisoners of war at Richmond have decided me to send for them, the agent, General Thomas, not being here. Transport have gone up the river and I expect some of them back to-night. I shall send the prisoners, probably 5,000 or 6,000 to Annapolis. Mr. Ould expressed a desire ten days ago to parole and deliver them to us. Major Ludlow, one of my aides, has gone to Aiken's to receive them.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., September 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Armies of the United States.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you copies of correspondence* between General Richmond Taylor and myself upon the subject of exempting certain prisoners from the operations of the cartel for exchange.

The correspondence will explain itself and I trust you will approve the terms of the reply.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BULTER.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 14, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I have received satisfactory information that "Jessee's" company and the "Nelson Rangers" belong to the C. S. service, and I respectfully request that you will discharge on parole agreeably to article 4 of the cartel such prisoners of those companies as are now held by you.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

