HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,September 14, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cumberland Gap.

GENERAL: I have the honor to receive the following information from your with regard to the detention by the United States of Private L. Brown, of Captain Rhode's company, Third Tennessee Volunteers [Ashby's First [Second] Tennessee Cavalry], who was captured by part of your forces at Roger's Gap on 31st of August. It is to the effect that L. Brown was tried by a military commission charged with breach of parole and "has been found guilty".

I respectfully transmit herewith a statement of Colonel Ashby with regard to the charges against Private Brown. I ask that you will consider it and discharge Brown on parole as prisoner of war agreeably to the terms of the cartel.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY BRIGADE,September 9, 1862

Brigadier-General STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: By your request I respectfully submit the circumstances connected with the so-called parole of Private Brown, of the First Tennessee Cavalry Regiment [Ashby's First Tennessee Cavalry.]

About July, 1861, said Brown went over to Williamsburg, Ky., to try to recover a horse which had been stolen from him either by a party of renegade East Tennessee or a marauding party from Kentucky. While at Williamsburg he was arrested by Mr. Cooper, now Colonel Cooper, Sixth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, U. S. Army. Brown was kept in close confinement by Cooper and others, not at that time in the U. S. Army, and only obtained his release by paying Mr. Horace Maynard (formerly a Representative in Congress from Tennessee) the sum of $300 or thereabouts. They demanded that he should subscribe to the oath of allegiance to the United States. Knowing that Mr. Cooper who read the oath was unauthorized to administer it he apparently acquiesced. His Government subsequently claimed his services and he joined the company to which he now belongs.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. ASHBY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

NEW ORLEANS, September 14, 1862.

Ordered, The commanding general having learned that the further imprisonment of Mrs. Phillips may result in injury to the wholly innocent directs her to be released if she chooses to give her parole that in nothing she will give aid, comfort or information to the enemies of the United States.

By command of Major-General Bulter:

A. F. PUFFER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

