
officer to give testimony in relation to the alleged treason of Benjamin Wood. Mr. Thompson was formerly clerk of Fernando Wood during the mayoralty of the latter, and prior to that time was of the chief editors of the Daily News.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Military Forces, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: Captain Matthew Donovan and Lieutenant F. P. H. Rogers, Sixteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, have been missing since the skirmish on the 18th instant near White Oak Swamp and are supposed to have fallen into the hands of your troops on that occasion. I respectfully solicit information respecting them in order that I may be enabled to relieve the anxiety of their friends touching their fate.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Captain M. Donovan is at present confined in this prison, but no such person as F. P. H. Rogers, lieutenant, Sixteenth Massachusetts, has ever been received here.

TH. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant, Commanding [Libby Prison].

CAMP NEAR FLORENCE, June 22, 1862.

General HALLECK:

The paroled prisoners at Nashville are mutinous and disorderly and there is not sufficient force there to control them. If discharged there it is to be apprehended that they would cause much disturbance before they could be got off. Do you approve of my sending them to some point on the Ohio and having them mustered out there?

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

MADISON, WIS., June 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Eighth Infantry, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit a petition* from Prisoner C. A. Stanton, calling himself captain, &amp;c. I also forwarded lately a copy of the proceedings of a court of inquiry relating to the shooting of one of the prisoners.

I sent off about two weeks ago a detachment of convalescents of about forty prisoners and to-morrow will send off about fifty more, leaving only about twelve or fifteen in the hospital. On the 30th I will muster the prisoners remaining and will send the muster-roll to you, which will show the condition of all that were left here on the 1st of June and the alterations since that date. The day before yesterday (the 20th) two of the hospital attendants escaped. It is due entirely to the idiotic inefficiency of the guard. They are said to have gone off in the midday train, but the fact was not reported to me for twenty-four hours. The

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

