
FREDERICK CITY, September 16, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Arrived here in command of the First Brigade, composed of the Thirty-ninth, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and fifteenth New York, Sixty-fifth Illinois, Fifteenth Illinois [Indiana] Battery, about 3,000 men in all, from Harper's Ferry. Officers and men have been paroled. I await order where to go with troops. Men eager to be exchanged. Thirty-ninth New York and Sixty-fifth Illinois old troops.

F. G. D'UTASSY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

ON GUN-BOAT LEXINGTON,

Near Vicksburg, Miss., September 16, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you a list* of arms given me by the agent of the Confederate States for the exchange of prisoners, which list is in the from of a receive given to the prisoners of war for them at Camp Morton, Indianapolis. The prisoners have given this paper to their agent with the request that he should make the effort to procure the arms. I have not expressed to him any opinion as to how far these may be regarded as side-arms or the right which they may have to retain them but informed him that the papers should be submitted to you. I also inclose a letter+ addressed to Major Watts, agent of the Confederate States for exchange of prisoners, upon the same subject.

With the highest respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

MONOCACY, MD., September 16, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS:

Paroled prisoners from Harper's Ferry arrive here hourly. No accommodations for them here. Will you authorize me to pass them over the railroad to Baltimore, Washington or any other place you may designate? Blank passes will be required for that purpose which I would request to be forwarded to me at once.

JOHN C. CRANE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 17, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Of the 11,999 paroled prisoners reported by you in camp this day designate the camps and the number in each and make immediate report.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Not found.

---------------

