
INDIANAPOLIS, September 17, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Will you please make early arrangements for the exchange of the Indiana troops who were taken prisoners at Richmond, Ky? I desire to have them in the field at the earliest moment possible.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

[SEPTEMBER 17, 1862. - For reports, correspondence, &amp;c., relating to the surrender of the Union forces at Munfordville, Ky., to General Bragg, C. S. Army, see Series I, Vol. XVI, Part I, pp. 959-990, and Part II, p. 518 et esq.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 17, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Baltimore:

Instructions from the War Department will be sent you in relation to our paroled prisoners.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 17, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLECE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary of War directs that you immediately repair to Columbus, Ohio, and organize the paroled prisoners now there and those to be immediately sent to that place into regiments and brigades for service against the Northern Indians. Officers will be sent to you as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, Commanding, &c.

GENERAL: Your flag of truce accrediting Captain Shaw with letter and inclosure relating to an exchange of prisoners was duly entertained yesterday.

Your authorities are wholly misinformed upon the subject of those inclosures.

I have never refused the exchange of prisoners paroled or otherwise held. Inclosed find a copy of my general orders* upon this topic and the orders issuing from the proper officers of my command.

On the contrary my action has been taken without waiting for an official copy of the general cartel, which I have not yet received. I have indeed applied informally by a bearer of the flag of truce with Mrs. Calrk upon the subject.

It would be exceedingly inconvenient and expensive to both parties to transport the prisoners held here and by you for exchange to Vicksburg. If there is no objection to it I would propose that the prisoners be delivered at a more convenient point. If an exchange is effected I would propose to place the prisoners at any point on the lake or river

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

