
mination I shall be under the necessity of holding the prisoners I have to await General Taylor's action in the premises.

That General Taylor may have some personal feeling because of the deprivation of some property upon his plantation taken by my men, and for the loss of his father's sword which was found buried for safety under a barn in this city, I can readily understand, but that his private griefs should incite him to forget is duty as a soldier and do so great a wrong after full reflection I shall not believe unless constrained by the fact.

Meanwhile I make no threats of retaliation, but deem it my duty to remain in position to protect the lives of my men and the honor of the United States.

When I can be officially assured that all, every one of the men belonging to the Army of the Gulf held by General Taylor, or who have been captured from this army, will be returned in exchange I will send forward every prisoner of war I hold who desires to be exchanged in accordance with the propositions contained in my communications of this date.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

B. F. BULTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: More than a year and four months ago a detachment of the U. S. Army was in some manner captured in Texas and are now held as prisoners of war there at a place called Camp Verde. Of this fact I have information, but of their numbers and regiment I have not the precise information but I believe about 300 men. As these prisoners are a part of the troops in the Department of the Gulf I conceive it my duty to request that these prisoner of war my be immediately forwarded to some convenient point for exchange.

If this matter is not within your province, general, will you communicate this note to the proper parties so that some early action may be taken in the premises?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BULTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 17, 1862.

Captain JOHN C. CRANE, Assistant Quartermaster:

General Wool will give orders in regard to the Harper's Ferry prisoners. If not permitted to serve they should march under such officers as may be with them to such point as General Wool designates.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., September 17, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN, C. S. Army.

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 10th instant. In reply I desire to state, first, that I do not resort to newspaper state-

