
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore, Md.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that such of the prisoners last received from Richmond as are exchanged and fit for duty be at once sent to their regiments in detachments. The officers are exchanged. Those of the officers and men who belong to the three-months' regiments will be immediately discharged. Those not entitled to discharge among the exchanged prisoners who are sick will be properly cared for in the hospital and convalescent camp until able to join their regiments. It is supposed all the enlisted men last from Richmond are exchanged.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, September 17, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: This office has no official copy and no official information respecting the cartel for the exchange of prisoners agreed upon between the United States Government and certain officers of the so-called Confederate States on the 22nd of July last. Some paroles have been granted upon the faith of an unofficial copy of that instrument, but the importance of having regular and authentic information on the subject is obvious. Several prisoners taken months ago who have been sick and from that cause or some other omitted from the list of those lately sent forward for exchange beyond our lines seek to be sent forward specially now under the terms of that cartel. In most cases the applicant is to be ordered to report to the commanding officer of the U. S. forces nearest the enemy's line with a view to be exchanged. I should be glad to have any instructions or suggestions on the subject which you may think proper to make.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General, District of Missouri and Iowa.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND,

Near Sandusky City, Ohio, September 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor briefly to claim your attention to this communication. I have been a prisoner to the United States for the past three months at Camp Chase and at this prison. I am an officer in the Confederate Army and claim to be a prisoner of war. As such I was and am entitled to be exchanged by virtue of the cartel recently agreed upon between the United States and the Confederate Governments. I have repeatedly requested to known from the officers, my custodians, the reason of my unjust detention and have been promised from time to time that attention should be given to my reasonable request. I am charged "with being a Confederate officer" and to the charge I have pleaded guilty. I am at a loss to know why I am detained. The object of this communication is to respectfully request to grant me a parole for thirty or sixty days to enable me to go to my Government

