
and procure and exchange. This I know I can do. I rank in the Confederate Army as a colonel. I should in the even of a failure therein promptly report myself at the designated place. My protracted confinement has impaired my health, which was before bad. I have not been allowed the privilege of communicating with my Government. If this request could be complied with, sir, consistently with the obliged.

Trusting that I may receive an answer at your earliest convenience, I have the honor to be, sir, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

J. CLAYTON MOREHEAD.

SIR: I have the honor to indorse the representations of Colonel Morehead and am myself ignorant of the causes of the detention of any regular officer under guard at one of your prisons. I have the honor to inform you that I am a regular officer of the Confederate Army with the rank of captain. I would be happy to know the reasons, if there are any, why I am detained.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

OLIVER A. PATTON.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, December 9, 1862.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War. Captain Oliver A. Patton has been exchanged or paroled for exchange. He was sent from Johnson's Island to Vicksburg on the 22nd ultimo. Colonel Morehead is held as a spy, having been captured at Owensborough, Ky., within our lines in citizen's dress.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ON BOARD GUN-BOAT LEXINGTON,

Near Vicksburg, Miss., September 17, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 8th instant addressed to me at Memphis, Tenn., informing me of the name of the agent of the Confederate States appointed to receive the prisoners of war and directing me to apply to Judge Hitchcock for instructions. Your telegram, general, was not received by me until yesterday, and I have been unable consequently to procure the instructions referred to or to be guided by other orders than those already given to me by Colonel Hoffman by your direction.

With the highest respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

FREDERICK, September 17, 1862.

Colonel WHITELEY:

The entire Union forces who were captured at Harper's Ferry have been arriving and passing through the town to-day. They are ordered to encamp near the Monocacy bridge, about three miles from the town. They are looking well and are greatly chagrined at the surrender of

