
Harper's Ferry, which they consider entirely unnecessary and do not hesitate to charge treachery. It is reported that the officer in command acknowledge before his death that he was favorable to the Southern cause, and consequently had not defended the important post under his charge as he could and might have done. Officers and men concur in the statement and make them everywhere publicly. I have not been able to procure a list of the killed and wounded, but hope to get something like a full list to-day. The number is said to be comparatively small.

The abandonment of Maryland Heights and the spiking of the guns there is said to have been entirely unnecessary. All agree that the position could have been held against any force that the enemy could bring against it, and that while in our hands they could not have crossed the river with any considerable forces. There are some 700 to 800 rebel prisoners in and about this city and they continue to be sent in. What dispositions will be made of them is not known. No officers of importance are among them. A deserter-a sergeant-major of an Alabama regiment-came in last night, who reports that the rebels acknowledge that they have been badly beaten in all the recent engagements except at Harper's Ferry, and find that the invading of Maryland is a disastrous undertaking. They are yet retreating as rapidly as possible to the Virginia side and General McClellan's army is in full pursuit. All that they are fighting for now is to get away and across the river. Cannonading was heard yesterday, but no reports of fights have been received here up to noon to-day. Will telegraph further particulars as they are received.

ASHLEY.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, September 18, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: The attached paper is said to contain a list of civilians imprisoned at Salisbury, N. C. Please preserve it.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

SALISBURY PRISON, N. C., May 24, 1862.

B. Wardwell, E. Hallock, George W. Frosst, William Fay, William Williams, John Hancock, Thomas Hancock, B. F. Humphreys, J. T. Pritchard, Burnham Davis, Julius Roth, C. Bolton, J. B. Kimes, Pennsylvania; D. Wagner, Virginia; B. F. Robinson, Virginia; E. J. Robinson, Virginia; Charles Williams, Virginia; Lewis W. Dove, Virginia; Lewis Ballard, Virginia; S. A. Pancoast, Pennsylvania; Edward Flynn, John Evans, Nordica Bean, Benjamin Marnix, Thomas Tuton, John Marston, Sol. Bell, Simon Cobourn, G. W. Peacher, Charles Deckler, Edward Githen, Henry Neman, Daniel Paterson, New Hampshire; J. E. Leonard, New York; E. A. Hughes, John White, North Carolina; Baker White, North Carolina; William C. Hughes, T. M. Moldon, G. W. Hadden, N. G. Sanderson, Henry H. Smith, A. H. Lee, District of Columbia; William Fallen, John Kirwin, O. C. Stanton, New York; James Graham, James M. Smith, James M. Seeds, Benjamin Germany, Henry Knipping, James T. Great, Peter Miller, Abraham Lydecker, R. M. Wood, Simon Smith.

The names underlined [italicized] are citizens of Richmond, but from the Northern States.

