
officer commanding the guard (fifty men), Lieutenant Kingsbury, of the Nineteenth, took no steps whatever to pursue or recover them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. SMITH,

Major Twelfth Infantry.

WHEELING, June 22, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT:

Spriggs and Triplett are at Camp Chase to await trial.

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

Resolution adopted by the U. S. Senate June 23, 1862.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to communicate to the Senate any information he may have in regard to the exchange of prisoners or of negotiations therefor if not incompatible with the public interests.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 23, 1862.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: A resolution of the House of Representatives bearing date of 28th of April last was received by this Department calling for information as to--

Whether the prisoners taken on the sloop Velma were released by the U. S. commissioner at Baltimore with the knowledge and consent of the military authorities of the Department of Maryland. Also by what authority Colonel Gunther, of Virginia, who refused to take the oath of allegiance was released on a conditional parole which bound him only not to take arms against the Government while the Eastern Shore counties of Virginia remained under U. S. authority. Also by what authority the said Gunther was allowed to visit the camp of the Sixth Maryland Regiment at Lafayette Square, Baltimore, to search for runaway negroes.

I have the honor to inform you in reply that the Department having no information in its possession upon the subject of your inquiry the resolution was referred to Major General John A. Dix, then commanding the Middle Department of the volunteer army.

The report of General Dix has just been received, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General of the Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant asking me for information to enable you to answer the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 28th of April last. The resolution embraces three points of inquiry to which I will reply in their order:

1. Whether the prisoners taken on the sloop Velma were released by the U. S. commissioner at Baltimore with the knowledge and consent of the military authorities of the Department of Maryland.

I was at that time in command of the Middle Department embracing the State of Maryland. The prisoners referred to were released with

