
have been exchanged; third, a list* of the U. S. prisoners of war who are paroled by the enemy but who have not yet been exchanged, and, fourth, a list* of Confederate prisoners paroled but still in hospital at this place. I also inclose copies and extracts from correspondence explanatory of the subject.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Memorandum for Captain Lewis.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., April 26, 1862.

1. The Confederate prisoners will be exchanged for U. S. prisoners grade for grade and man for man or according to the tariff of exchange established by convention between the Government of the United States and Great Britain during the war of 1812-15.

2. Triplicate releases from the obligations of the parole will be given in each case, one for the use of the officer or soldier exchanged and one for each of the headquarters.

3. For prisoners in New Mexico the exchange will be complete and effective - days after the date; for those in the Eastern States sixty days.

By order of Colonel E. R. S. Canby:

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Bliss, May 23, 1862.

Colonel E. R. S. CANBY, Commanding Department.

COLONEL: * * * *

You will please perceive that this arrangement covers all the prisoners of war taken by us who are included in the list forwarded by you. There is another, however, and a large body of prisoners taken and paroled by us whose cases have not been disposed of. I refer to the command of Colonel Nicholas [Miguel E.] Pino, of New Mexico troops, who were captured in a body at Socoroo by Lieutenant Colonel H. C. McNeill and his command after the battle of Valverde. Colonel Paul at the interview before mentioned declined to exchange for these prisoners, though I am at a loss to conceive upon what principle. It matters not whether they were militia, volunteers or regulars, I presume it cannot be denied that this constituted a portion of your forces and were in every sense in the service of the United States. These prisoners were over 200 in number, and under the command of Colonel N. [Miguel E.] Pino and Major Jesus Maria Baca y Salazar, officers who were also taken prisoners and paroled. This number exceeds that of the Confederates in your hands or under your parole. But to simplify negotiations and conclude matters of exchange up to this time I propose to release the parole of all of our prisoners in exchange for all of yours within your power or under parole. You are under a misapprehension in regard to the point of view in which surgeons have been and are regarded by the armies of the Confederate States and this army in particular. Doctor Gray was arrested for

---------------

* All omitted.

---------------

