
reasons wholly independent of his profession or his connection with the U. S. Army. For Colonel Baylor's conduct I do not hold myself responsible, nor if he treated surgeons as combatants do I believe it at all conformable to the practice of the Government he serves.

* * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., May 27, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions I left this post on the 18th instant for the purpose of communicating with General Sibley, commanding Confederate forces, and endeavoring to effect an exchange of prisoners with him. Upon arriving at Robledo I was met by one of Colonel Steele's pickets and my party stopped here until Colonel Steele came to my camp, and on learning the object of my visit informed me that he wound forward my papers to General Sibley and that my party could remain in that vicinity until the general was heard from. I requested Colonel Steele to inform General Sibley that I was authorized to exchange for men of ours who were captured under the command of Major Lynde. I then gave to him the communications from you to General Sibley, together with the list of prisoners from our side (requesting in case an officer was sent up to treat with me that he might bring with them the list of prisoners), and also your letters in reference to Doctors McKee, Alden and Gray. I did this wishing to have them to refer to while making the exchange. After waiting there three days Colonel Steele sent me a note transmitting the papers received from General Sibley, which I forward herewith. Upon opening the letter directed to me I found it to contain your letter directed to General Sibley together with the list of prisoners and nothing else. Thinking there might be something in the letter to you authorizing me to pass his lines and go down to meet him I opened it. Upon reading it I found nothing of the kind, and not being authorized by him to pass his lines, and he having sent no officer to arrange the exchange with me, the next day I started for this post where I arrived to-day. Had I been allowed an interview with him I should not have acceded to the proposition he makes. I would most respectfully request that in case another flag of truce be sent to General Sibley I may be excused from being the bearer. Among several reasons for this request I consider that General Sibley treated me with discourtesy in neither granting me an interview nor sending an officer to treat with me, as I was fully authorized by you to act in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. LEWIS,

Captain, Fifth Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 4, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Fort Bliss, Tex.

SIR: Your communication of May 23 has been received. The officer (Captain Lewis, Fifth Infantry) who was sent with the flag of truce

