
was fully authorized to treat upon the points referred to in your letter. Besides the prisoners enumerated in the list sent you the New Mexican militia captured by your forces at Bosque Bonita and those who were properly included in the capitulation at Socorro were regarded ad legitimate prisoners of war, and would have been exchanged upon equal terms, but I understand your letter to claim as prisoners two other classes: First, the New Mexican militia at Socorro who skulked from the impending conflict and after the capitulation was concluded and the danger passed came from their hiding-places and gave themselves up to your troops. Second, the deserters from the New Mexican militia and volunteers who, after abandoning their posts and their comrades, sought to secure their personal safety by going into your camps, surrendering their arms and taking the oath of neutrality. These men can only be regarded as deserters and your proposition for a general exchange without reference to numbers or to grade cannot be entertained. The medical officers of your army now in our power will, as soon as their services with your wounded can be dispensed with, be discharged unconditional. The request of Mr. McRae has been anticipated and the private effects of his son are in the hands of Captain Morris, Third Cavalry, for transmission to his sisters. It is no probable, however, that the Government of the United States will consent to the transfer of his remains to North Carolina during the present rebellion. When they are removed to the East I shall recommend that they be deposited at West Point.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of New Mexico.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 18, 1862.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER:

Send back the bearer of the flag of truce to the enemy's lines. An answer to his proposal for an exchange will be sent as soon as matters can be ascertained.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DIVISION,Rolla, Mo., September 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: I herewith inclose the statement of Colonel Sigel, of the Thirteenth Missouri State Militia, with the report of Major Gallup, in pursuance of the orders of the commanding general to investigate the killing of prisoners by Colonel Sigel at Waynesville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. 13TH CAV. Regiment, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, September 16, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER, Commanding Rolla District.

COLONEL: I most respectfully submit you the following statement, which I already gave you verbally: Two weeks ago a band of 300 secessionists passed the Springfield rod seven miles south of this

