
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

Statement of Lieutenant Thomas, Company G, Thirteenth Missouri State Militia.

Question. State fully what you know respecting the taking and killing of prisoners at or near this post since the its of August.

Answer. I was on the scout with Lieutenant-Colonel Eppstein. The night I returned some two or three weeks ago Lieutenant Brown came to and said that the adjutant had detailed him by Colonel Sigle's order to shoot those prisoners taken on the scout. I told him that I should decline unless they were sentenced by some tribunal, a court-martial or military commission. At night I heard of a firing on the creek and thought our pickets were driven in, but presently heard that the prisoners were gone from the guard-house. I went to Colonel Sigel's tent to inform him of it and ascertain what was the matter and was informed by him that it was all right and ordered to my tent. The next day I visited the spot where the shooting occurred and saw the dead body of a men there.

THOMAS,

First Lieutenant Company G., 13th Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.

Subscribed and sworn to before me at Waynesville, Mo., this 14th day of September, 1862.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of First Lieutenant F. M. Avey, Company H, Thirteenth Missouri State Militia.

Question. State what if anything you know of the killing of two prisoners, Blakely and Meadows, some time in August.

Answer. Two weeks ago last Friday I was officer of the day. Adjutant Kerr came to me in the afternoon and told me that he wanted the two prisoners that night; that Colonel Sigel had told him that he, Kerr, had "to finish his job". After dark I went to the adjutant's tent and took a cigar. While we were smoking Colonel Sigel came to the tent and told Adjutant Kerr that "it was time he was off finishing his job". The adjutant told me that he wanted the prisoners; that the colonel had ordered him to dispose of them and he requested me to go with him. I went to the guard-house with them and six or eight men and took the prisoners out on the old Rolla road. About one mile from town we stopped in the road and the adjutant went to get some water. We started for the water and after going a short distance came to a small cleared place in the path. Adjutant Kerr was leading the way. When we were nearly across the clearing Adjutant Kerr stepped back by the side of one of the prisoners, turned with this face forward him and fired with his revolver. At the same moment one of the men fired at the other and killed him. Several shots were fired after this, but it is not known whether any of them [took effect.] Only one of the bodies was found and I believe that the one Adjutant Kerr find at escaped.

Question. Did you ever heard Colonel Sigel speak of the killing; and if so terms of approbation or disapprobation?

Answer. Adjutant Kerr requested me that night not to say anything about it, "for" he said, "the colonel with give me hell if he finds out that I did not kill them both".

F. M. AVEY,

First Lieutenant Company H, 13th Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.

Subscribed and sworn to before me September 14, 1862, at Waynesville, Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.

