
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]

Statement of First Lieutenant William C. Kerr, battalion adjutant, Thirteenth Missouri State Militia.

Question. Do you know anything of the killing of prisoners by Colonel Sigle's orders at or near this post during the month of August? State fully.

Answer. Two prisoners taken at the California House about the 28th of August were killed by his order.

Question. To whom was Colonel Sigel's order for the killing of those prisoners given?

Answer. It was give to me. One man to assist in the killing them was detailed directly by Colonel Sigle - I think his name was Tillett, of Company C; the others I detailed by his order.

Question. How was his order given? Given his exact language.

Answer. I cannot give his exact words. He told me to take some men, and did not same any of them except the one from Company C, and shoot the two prisoners brought in the morning.

Question. Who took the two prisoners?

Answer. I took one of them at the California House, or rather in the yard in from of the house. The other was taken by the scout that preceded me there.

Question. Who was in command of the party that did the shooting?

Answer. I was.

Question. How large a detail was made?

Answer. Five or six, under the officer of the day, Lieutenant Avey, Company H, who accompanied us.

Question. Were the prisoners both killed?

Answer. They were.

Question. Have you ever heard Colonel Sigel speak of the matter; and if so, in terms of approbation or disapprobation?

Answer. I have. He has told me that they ought to have been shot, but was sorry that they were shot at that time; that it should have been done in daylight.

W. C. KERR,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of September, A. D. 1862, at Waynesvill, Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 4.]

Statement of Lieutenant H. B. Brown, Company F, Thirteenth Missouri State Militia.

[Question.] State what you know of the taking of two prisoners, Meadows and Blakely, some time in August.

Answer. Our pickets were surprised at the California House. Colonel Eppstein had gone out to intercept a body of rebels that were to cross at the California House, but had gone beyond that place, leaving a picket at California house. The picket was cut off during the night from Colonel Eppstein and came in to this post. I started out with part of two companies on foot just at daybreak to proceed to the California House, six miles west of this post. Adjutant Kerr with one or two men

