
Answer. Yes. I killed two and wounded one when out in command of sixteen men. One of them was killed by my men last Monday and the other last Tuesday. One was Elijah Grossland. He lived in Heath's Hollow. The other men were James and Washington Lemons, brothers. One of them was killed and the other wounded, all living in Heath's Hollow. The circumstances were these: We found a camp of forty rebels under command of Captain Kerry. They all ran and we followed, trying to shoot the whole of them, but only succeeded in hitting a few, killing 2, wounding 1, and taking 1 prisoner. I took Grossland at Adam's house. I had been following Grossland ten miles. When I found him I inquired if he had any arms, and both he and Adams denied having any at all, but upon making a search a revolver with three shots in it was found on the person of Grossland and musket under the roof of the house. I put him under guard, thinking I wound hang or shoot him right there because I found him under arms and he denied being armed, but I afterwards thought I would use him for a guide. I kept him for a guide from about the middle of the day till about 11 p. m. of the same day. He had given me a list of about forty rebels in the vicinity, and when I wanted him to tell me where their camp was he refused to tell me and said that I must hunt it myself and that he would tell no Dutchman. My sergeant told him then that he wound have to tell or be killed, and then he tried to get away in the bushes and one of my men shot him. This was on Monday. On Tuesday we found the Lemons boys, Washington and Jim. They both ran. One of them was wounded in the back and the other lay down behind a long and begged for quarter and I took him prisoner and sent him to camp with two privates. Before they got to camp he tried to get away and they shot him. Grossland used to belong to Coleman's rebel regiment.

FRANCIS REICHERT,

Adjt. Second Batt. Missouri State Militia, Colonel Albert Sigel Commanding

Subscribed and sworn to before me at Way September 14, 1862.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 6.]

Statement of Captain Reavis.

Question (by Major GALLUP). What do you know respecting the killing of prisoners by Colonel Sigle's orders? State fully and particularly.

Answer. Two prisoners were brought in and delivered to me some time in the latter part of August by Lieutenant Brown, of Company F, and I sent them to the guardhouse. They remained there till Saturday night. Saturday evening at about 8 o'clock Lieutenant Brown came over and asked, "What do you think about shooting those prisoners?" I replied, "Think hell; I don't think anything about it. It shall not be done". He replied that the adjutant had notified him that he, Lieutenant Brown, was detailed by the colonel's order to take them out and shoot them; that he did not think it was right and should refuse to do it. He then went to the colonel, and I understood the matter was settled against the shooting. The names of the men were John M. Meadows and G. B. Blakey. About 10 o'clock I heard several shots fired, but thought nothing of it till the next morning, when the bodies of Blakey and Meadows were found near town. I have since that time heard Adjutant Kerr say that he was present when the men were shot.

Question. Did you understand, when said prisoners were brought in, under that circumstances they were captured?

Answer. I understood that there was a gang of rebels crossing the road the evening before; that our pickets fired into them and scattered them. That morning Meadows came in to the pickets and gave himself up and Blakey was taken near the same place without any opposition.

Question. State explicitly the nature of the charges against those men.

Answer. They were charged with being soldiers of the so-called Confederate Army, to which charge they pleaded "guilty". No other charges were brought against them.

