
Question. How long were said prisoners kept in confinement before being shot?

Answer. From 10 a. m. on Friday till 10 p. m. on Saturday.

Question. At what time were you relieved of duty as provost-marshal?

Answer. On the Sunday morning after the prisoners were killed.

Question. Did you ever hear Colonel Sigel speak of the killing? If so, did he speak in terms of approbation or disapprobation?

Answer. In terms in disapprobation, stating that he did not approve the manner of the killing or the time.

Question. Did he ever make any arrests on account of disobedience of orders in that matter?

Answer. He did not.

JOS. B. REAVIS,

Captain Company F, Thirteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day of September, 1862, at Waynesville, Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 7.]

Statement of Captain James D. Walters.

Question (by Major GALLUP). State what if anything you know of the killing of prisoners by Colonel Sigel's orders.

Answer. About the 29th of August I returned from Rolla and learned from one of my corporals, Corporal George, that a gang of rebels had passed up west of this post and that two of them were prisoners here, one of whom had given himself up to him and the other to the stage driver. I knew nothing further of the matter and thought nothing of it. At about 9 p. m. soon after taps sounded Mr. McDonald awoke me and said that the pickets had fired five shots. I got up and dressed and in the course of the next five minutes heard two more shots fired and at the same time heard my first sergeant call on the company to fall out. After this I heard two more shots. I saw no movement of any other companies and stouthearted to Colonel Sigel's tent. On the way I saw Lieutenant Brown and asked him what the matter. After a little hesitation he told me that he expected that the prisoners were being shot. While I was taking with Lieutenant Brown, Lieutenant Thomas passed me on his way to Colonel Sigel's tent. He soon returned in a high state of excitement stating that he had gone to Colonel Sigel's tent to ascertain if it was true that those prisoners were being shot and to protest against it and that Colonel Sigel had ordered him to his tent. I could hardly believe that the prisoners had been shot till I searched the ground the next morning. One of the men was found about a mile from camp north in a thicket, buried with his head uncovered and his feet sticking out from under the sticks and rubbish with which an attempt had been made to cover him. I have searched the ground thoroughly in various directions but have never been able to discover the remains of the other man.

Question. Did you ever hear Colonel Sigel speak of the killing of those men; and if so did he speak in terms of approbation of otherwise?

Answer. I have never heard hi

Question. Do you know of any charges against the prisoners other than that they belonged to the rebel army?

Answer. I do not.

JAMES D. WALTERS,

Captain, Commanding Company G, Thirteenth Cav., Missouri State Militia.

