
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day of September, A. D. 1862, at Waynesville, Mo.

H. A. GALLUP,

Major, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. ROLLA DIVISION, DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Rolla, Mo., September 18, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel WEYDEMEYER,

Commanding Post at Salem.

SIR: * * * *

Relative to the men you sent me who have been absent down South I think they are sincere; have been greatly deceived; are ignorant and hope we can induce them to remain at home and work for us, which I have some hope they will do when we given them correct instructions as to our and the Government's purposes. They seem to have great dread they are to be shot-from the examples that we have set. They say there are many who wound return and be valuable friends if they can only have assurances they would not be injured in their persons.

Relative to that class of men who have been deceived and induced to leave their homes who did not commit robberies or other crimes against the Union men they should receive pardon upon the condition that they act in all things for the maintenance of the Federal Government and the protection of the Union neighbors. Those who have stolen horses or committed other crimes should be held responsible.

I shall have to investigate the killing of those prisoners by Lieutenant Lacy. The more I hear of it the more aggravated the case seems. I hope you will contract every impression that seems to indicate that we murder prisoners or indulge those who do. We may make a very favorable impression upon such men as those in question who have turned the other side and have returned to us for forgiveness and protection. In such cases let us the opportunity. They report there are a large number in their fix who only want assurances they are not to be shot when they come in to do so and co-operate with you then and be useful. Take such precautionary steps with them as you think best, viz, put them under oaths and bonds requiring them to report at stated times, giving all the information they gather from time to time, &amp;c.

I would be indulgent to Hubbs and Mimrod Gaines. Charles H. Smith has not been out-says he has lost a horse. I wound suggest that you return his horse, as he says it is in your possession or rather that of one your captains. These people are very ignorant and we must make such allowance for them where they seem honest. The wires have just told us we had won another glorious victory on the Potomac. We have whipped them in a grand battle in Maryland near Frederick. McClellan is doing the work.

Your friend and obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

