HDQRS. HOFFMAN'S BAT., DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, September 18, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Many of the prisoners write me notes claiming they are entitled to exchange or parole under the cartel; others claiming to be loyal and desiring an investigation and others wishing to take oath. There are two or three cases of persons who claim they are Northern born, were obliged to join the Southern Army and deserted and gave themselves up and wish to take oath and even join our service. My particular object in writing is to call your attention to that class demanding an exchange or parole under the cartel. Do you what more information than the rolls you have? Shall I send you their statements of their cases? It appears to me great care should be exercised not to have appearance of bad faith on the part of our Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Numbers 40. Near Annapolis, Md., September 18, 1862.

* * * *

II. Pursuant to instructions received from headquarters Eighth Army Corps, dated September 16, 1862, the following order is promulgated: The officers paroled are not exempt from taking care of the non-commissioned officers and privates and are bound to perform all police duties and anything that may be necessary to the welfare and comfort of the paroled troops. Their duties would violate no obligation required by their paroled. If any officer disobeys any order requiring the duties here mentioned he will be reported to these headquarters for discission from the service.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel George Sangster, Forty-seventh New York State Militia, commanding paroled prisoners:

D. E. GEORGE,First Lieutenant and Adjutant.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 134. Washington, September 19, 1862.

The prisoners of war except commissioned officers who were delivered to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, aide-de-camp to Major Dix, at Aiken's Landing, James River, Va., on the 14th and 15th instant, are declared to be exchanged.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., September 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STATON, Secretary of War:

We have about 10,000 prisoners surrendered at Harper's Ferry and ordered to Annapolis. These with what are there will make 20,000.

* * * *

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

