
show its character and avoid the necessity of explanations. The clerks in your office have addressed me a note asking for an increase of pay. They state that they have already received 40 cents per day extra, and as this is the highest extra pay allowed to soldiers nothing more can be paid them. Paragraph 6 of the regulations requires a tax to be imposed on the sutler. Has it been done at Camp Chase?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 20, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I learn that there are many citizens of this State in the military prison here and in the penitentiary at Jeffersonville. Many of them claim to be and are probably innocent. I ask that I may be permitted to appoint a commission of two men to release such as should be released and retain such as should be retained. I think this course would be right and add strength to our cause.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., September 20, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Telegrams received. General White is here. The troops paroled at Harper's Ferry are three day's march distant from this point and it is desirable not to stop them. The Eighty-seventh Ohio, being a three-months' regiment, will be sent to Columbus, Ohio, for discharge. This will leave about 8,000 of the Harper's Ferry prisoners. There are about 4,000 paroled prisoners in camp, making all told about 12,000 to be sent to Saint Paul. Columbus being out of the direct route, the troops will be sent to Camp Douglas, Chicago, where I suggest arms and other supplies shall be furnished. The Harper's Ferry prisoners have no tents or camp equipage but have their supplies of clothing. The 4,000 paroled men will be organized into companies and regiments according to State as far as practicable, and paroled officers assigned to them, making four regiments. General Tayler is charged with the organization and movement of all the troops. General White will proceed with them. How far west do you desire General Tayler to accompany them? He being under orders to report to General Wright, it is necessary for me to proceed to the Monocacy. I shall await the arrival of the Harper's Ferry prisoner here. A copy of the articles of capitulation of Harper's Ferry will be sent by mail.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., September 20, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I am here by the direction of the Secretary of War to attend to the paroled prisoners of war and shall send those that arrived

