
paroled officers in grade corresponding to the proper military organization to the extent the number of officers present will permit. General Tyler will take charge of this organization when compelled. This organization must be made at once that the troops may be put in immediate route.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, September 20, 1862.

General MEIGS.

SIR: I am forwarding say 10,000 paroled prisoners to Columbus, Ohio. They are entirely destitute of mess-pans and camp-kettles. Can you send them say 600 of each by a transport steamer which Mr. Tucker, Assistant Secretary of War, is sending to transport the troops to Baltimore?

DANL. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

DETROIT, September 20, 1862.

General L. THOMAS:

Thirty-eight rebel prisoners sent from Portsmouth Grove to Fort Monroe on 17th. I will continue to discharge rebel prisoners who take oath of allegiance.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 20, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS T. GRANT,

Prov. March General Dist. of Missouri and Iowa, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 17th is received. I have not yet been furnished with an official copy of the cartel for the exchange of prisoners and am governed entirely by the one published in New York Times which I assume to be authentic. I have asked for an official copy and so soon as I receive it I will furnish you with one. I have also asked for definite instructions as to the mode of carrying out the stipulations of the cartel and so soon as they are received I will communicate them to you. In the meantime I am instructed thus far: All prisoners belonging to the Confederate Army held in prisoners South are to be collected from time to time at Cairo, whence when a sufficient number is collected they will be sent to Vicksburg to be exchanged or paroled. Duplicate rolls giving the rank, regiment and company, and when and where captured, of every prisoner should accompany each party and a like roll should be sent to this office. The parties may consist of from twenty to a hundred or more as may be convenient. I am not yet instructed how to dispose of the irregular military prisoners not belonging to the rebel army, and for the present they will be detained at Alton. All prisoners belonging to the Confederate Army who may desire it will be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

