
any camp of instruction would be a violation of it. As far as I can learn the officers do not hold these views and are entirely willing to carry out the officers for the western movement. The men of the Thirty-second Ohio declare they will not pass through that State, but will visit their homes. Already many of the men have straggled off and I anticipate many desertions on the route. General Tyler is most actively engaged in preparing the troops, and will place the First Brigade under General White, who will receive instructions to make all needful preparations for them on his arrival at Camp Douglas. There are some twenty exchanged prisoners of the Garibaldi Guards in camp whom the colonel has applied for. I have refused the request, as these men could be attached temporarily to a regiment in the face of the enemy. The movement west will certainly commence to-morrow morning. Your telegram of yesterday received last night. It will receive attention this morning.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 22, 1862.

General J. M. TUTTLE, Commanding, Cairo, Ill.

GENERAL: I am directed by the War Department to collect small parties of prisoners of war at Cairo, to be sent thence at convenient times to Vicksburg for parole or exchange, and I have given orders accordingly. It is required that duplicate certified rolls accompany each party, both of which will be receipted by Major N. G. Watts, of the Confederate Army, agent to receive prisoners of war at Vicksburg, on their delivery to him, one of which he will retain and the other will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General at Washington. The time of forwarding prisoners is left to yourself, and I would only suggest that except by chance boats not less than about 1,000 be sent at a time under convoy. Prisoners sent to Vicksburg remain on parole until they are exchanged for an equal number of our troops, and this exchanged is made by General Thomas on the receipted rolls which are forwarded to him. Please furnish me with rolls of all parties sent to Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 22, 1862.

Colonel C. W. B. ALLISON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

COLONEL: All political prisoners whose cases have been acted on by Judge Hitchcock and are not to be released will be sent in parties of twenty or more under a suitable guard to the Sadusky depot. Send full lists with them giving the charges and all particulars of when and where arrested, &amp;c., in each case. If prisoners of war belonging to the Confederate Army are received at Camp Chase you will send them in parties of not less than twenty to Cairo to be turned over to the commanding officer there, who will forward them to Vicksburg for exchange or parole. Place them in charge of a suitable guard and

