
send duplicate rolls with them. You will discharge all prisoners of the Confederate Army who take the oath of allegiance. No transportation is allowed them. All prisoners of war no belonging to the Confederate Army at Camp Chase will be sent to the Sandusky depot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, September 22, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

I have just returned from Aiken's Landing and had lists of exchanges effected of about 10,000 men and 300 officers. Shall I take them to you at Washington? Pope's officers were not delivered, but are promised this week.

W. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 23, 1862.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Columbus, Ohio:

Your letter to the Adjutant-General was received this morning. Efforts have been made to obtain funds to pay the paroled troops. A special paymaster will leave here to-morrow with money to pay them. We have no tents. You must cause temporary sheds to be erected, which can quickly be done. Arms will be supplied as soon as your force is organized. You will issue clothing which you say is on hand and take whatever measures are proper to provide for the comfort and health of your troops. If anything is needed from this Department inform me. The Adjutant-General was recently at Camp Chase but made on report of anything being lacking for the accommodation of the prisoners sent there. The delay in payment has been unavoidable. You will please report whatever in your judgment the service requires to bring your men into proper organization and discipline if there be anything not mentioned in the letter received this morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that Judge Carmichael, of Maryland, now confined at Fort Lafayette, be transferred to Fort Delaware.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUINCY, ILL., September 23, 1862.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

Permit me for a moment to call your attention to the case of General Prentiss. When I left Washington I was assured that his exchange

