
[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHEAST MISSOURI DIVISION, Numbers 35. Macon City, Mo., September 23, 1862.

* * * *

II. Charles King, Charles Tillotson and D. S. Washburn having once been in arms in rebellion against their lawful Government, and having been pardoned for that offense and taken a solemn oath not again to take up arms against the United States were afterwards found in arms as members of a guerrillas band and taken prisoners, and in accordance with the laws of war will be shot at or near Huntsville, Mo., on Friday, the 26th instant, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3 p. m., having incurred the just penalty of a violated parole and willful and intentional perjury. This sentence will be duly carried into execution by the commanding officer of the troops at Huntsville, for which this shall be this warrant.

III. The following-named prisoners, now in confinement at Macon City, having once been pardoned for the crime of taking up arms against their Government and having taken a solemn oath not again to take up arms against the United States, have been taken in arms in violation of said oath and their solemn parole, and are therefore ordered to be shot to death on Friday, the 26th of September, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. The commander of the post at Macon City is charged with the execution of this order, and for their execution this shall be his warrant. Names of prisoners to be executed: Frank E. Drake, Dr. A. C. Rowe, Elbert Hamilton, William H. Earhart, William Searcy, J. A. Wysong, G. H. Fox, Edward Riggs, David Bell, John H. Oldham, James H. Hall.

By order of Brigadier-General Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DETROIT, September 23, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Four hundred and fifty-seven exchanged prisoner have arrived at Cairo from Vicksburg. What shall be done with them?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 24, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS, Annapolis:

You will make arrangements to send on the paroled prisoners to General Pope, Saint Paul, Minn., immediately including those at Annapolis and at Harper's Ferry. It is important to have them replaced by troops from the West and also to relieve the troops that are guarding them now at Monocacy and Harper's Ferry. Ascertain and report the number of arms required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 24, 1862.

Brigadier General DAN. TYLER, Annapolis:

The Secretary of War directs that only the troops surrender at Harper's Ferry shall be taken to Chicago. The other prisoners of war,

