
included in the lists given to Captain Freedley to-day. Four hundred and seventy-four took the oath on the 29th and 30th of August, but some had not left camp on the 31st of August, when this return was made up. The lists now forwarded account for the other alterations since last month. Yours of 22nd instant giving directions in regard to sending prisoners now sick in camp to Cairo for exchange in suitable parties is received to-day. I forward list* of prisoners of war received yesterday from Corinth sent by General Ord and await your instructions regarding them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Post.

VARINA, AIKEN'S LANDING, September 24, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Commissioner for Exchange.

SIR: Having received assurances from the United States Government that the orders of General Pope to which exception has been taken are no longer in force I send to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow all of the officers of General Pope's command who have been taken prisoners. I trust you will perceive by this action of the Confederate Government in respect to these officers that there has been at no time any disposition on its part to be severe upon them personally. The course which the Confederate Government has pursued was the result of a firm conviction on its part that it was bound by the highest obligations of duty to its own citizens to adopt such just measures of retribution and retaliation as seemed adequate to meet the injustice of which it complained. It always has been and is now the earnest desire of the Confederate authorities that the war shall be conducted in every respect in accordance with the usages of civilized warfare, and therefore, since it has been announced by the competent military authorities of the United States that the orders to which exception has ben taken are not in force, the officers who have been detained are freely released on the usual parole until exchanged. I have also sent the persons who were captured on the battle-field near Fairfax Court-House.

After this action on the part of the Confederate Government I beg leave again to call your attention to the case of Colonel Thomas [Zarvona], who is represented to us to be confined in one of your military prisoner and compelled to suffer unusual hardships and crude privations. Many of the so-called nurses whom I this day send off were taken under circumstances which might well warrant the Confederate authorities in believing them to be spies or robbers. In spite of that they have been released. I hope therefore I may reasonably expect that Colonel Thomas will be delivered to us as speedily as it can be done.

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

VARINA, AIKEN'S LANDING, September 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Acting Agent of Exchange.

SIR: Having received assurances from the United States Government that the orders of General Pope to which exception has been

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

