
taken are no longer in force, I send by Captain John E. Mulford all of the officers of General Pope's command who have been taken prisoners. I trust you will perceive by this action of the Confederate authorities in respect to these officers that there has been at no time on their part any disposition to be severe upon them personally. The course which the Confederate Government has pursued was the result of a firm conviction on its part that it was bound by the highest obligations of duty to its own citizens to adopt such just measures of retribution and retaliation as seemed adequate to meet the injustice of which it complained. It always has been and is now the earnest desire of the Confederate authorities that the war shall be carried on in every respect in accordance with the usages of civilized warfare, and therefore since it has been announced by the competent military authorities of the United States that the orders to which exception has been taken are not in force the officers who have been detained are freely released on the usual parole until exchanged. I also send the remainder of the parties non-combatant who were captured on the battle-field.

After this action on the part of the Confederate Government I beg leave again to call your attention to the case of Colonel Thomas [Zarvona], who is represented to be confined in one of your military prisons and compelled to suffer unusual hardships and crude privations. Many of the so-called nurses whom I this day send to you were taken under circumstances which might well warrant the Confederate authorities in believing them to be spies or robbers. In spite of that they have been released and sent to you. I hope therefore I may reasonably expect that Colonel Thomas will be delivered to us as speedily as it can be done.

I trust I take no undue liberty with you when, in addition to what I have already said, I make an earnest, personal appeal that the delivery may be speedily made.

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, September 24, 1862.

Brigadier General ODON GUITAR, Columbia, Mo.

SIR: I have just received your favor of the 22nd instant and proceed to reply to its several inquiries.

1. What course shall be pursued with respect to persons who have been in the late raids but who have voluntarily surrendered themselves? If these persons have merely absented themselves from home under a misconception of the force of the orders issued by General Schofield I would unhesitatingly advise their being released on parole and bond. After consultation with General Schofield and with his concurrence I have substituted a parole of honor for the oath heretofore imposed. I am glad to learn that your views on this subject concur with my own. If these men have perpetrated any outrages as guerrillas I fear that such lenity will be inadvisable.

2. What shall be done with those who have taken the oath and given bond and have taken part in the late raids? Everything depends upon the degree of their participation. If they have really taken such part in them as to violate their oaths-if they have been actively engaged as

