
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 25, 1862.

Colonel P. KINNEY, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Portsmouth, Ohio:

Your exchange has been effected.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., September 25, 1862.

Major T. S. GRIFFING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the inclosed papers respecting paroled men at Lexington. Papers were on file in this office when General McKean relieved me in the command. I can find nothing of the kind after a most diligent search. My recollection is that Colonel Mulligan's command (Lexington paroled men) was mustered out of service and afterwards the order was rescinded at Colonel Mulligan's request. Many returned and drew pay for the whole time. A communication was had and decision given that the return was not compulsory, but that those who desired could do so. Many coming months afterwards, the period of return was then limited to exclude such as made it a pretext for obtaining pay for long periods. Some of these men enlisted into other regiments-a lot in Colonel Peabody's regiment. I believe he made it a rule to claim such and force them back into his ranks. This I know occurred in some instances. Colonel Marshall, First Illinois Cavalry, was mustered out of service I think in consequence of some mutineers, said to have been paroled Lexington prisoners, who then in the field declined to march further and were mustered out of service by General Halleck's order about the 15th of July last. I regret I cannot give the commanding general something more definite, but I hope enough, however, to enable him to have reference to the documents in office of the department commander.

All which is respectfully submitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Lois, September 24, 1862.

The within documents are respectfully referred to Colonel Booneville for such information as he may possess upon the subject-matter and to be returned to this office.

J. W. DAVIDSON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

General DAVIDSON.

SIR: We the undersigned, members of the Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers (now Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers), taken prisoners at the surrender of Lexington, Mo., by General Price on the 20th day of September, 1861, and now held at Benton Barracks as paroled prisoners, do respectfully forward this a correct statement of the facts of our case to you, hoping that you will take our case in hand and endeavor to have justice done us. We wish our condition to be fully

