
We took steps a few months ago to ascertain to a certainty whether we had really been exchanged or not. We made our case known to the command Corinth. The case was investigated and a large number of our regiment had not been exchanged as had been represented to us by our officers, and had been and were still serving in the field in the face of the enemy in direct violation of our oath. We were immediately ordered by General Grant to report to Benton Barracks, as we supposed to be again discharged. We arrived here on the 4th of August.

Hoping you will interest yourself in our behalf and give our case a fair investigation, we remain, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

EDWIN CRAIG,

Sergeant.

WILLIAM GEESLIN,

First Sergeant.

P. S. CAUSEY,

First Sergeant.

[And 107 others.]

N. B. -We would also state, in addition to the above statement, that we were put on duty on our return to the regiment and not sworn in or regularly mustered in again.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

Members of the Thirteenth Missouri, Now Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

ATTENTION THIRTEENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.

Colonel Smith has been notified by Captain Prince, of Fort Leavenworth, that agreeably to orders received at headquarters of the Western Department he will send the proper officers to this city to muster the enlisted men out of the U. S. service immediately. You will therefore report to your company quarters for further orders forthwith.

F. C. NICHOLS,

Captain Company H.

OCTOBER 19, [1861.]

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

SAINT JOSEPH, November 14, 1861.

SOLDIERS OF THE THIRTEENTH MISSOURI:

Having been detained at Saint Louis by wounds received at Lexington, the reorganization of our regiment has been necessarily delayed. I was determined to ask none of the Thirteenth Missouri again to enter the service until three great essentials were secured them, viz: Pay for past services, clothing for future comfort and a full release from the parole given by General Price. These are now secured every man who re-enters the regiment, now known as the Twenty-fifth Regiment of Missouri Volunteers. Soldiers, I would be pleased to again lead you to the enemy.

E. PEABODY.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH MISSOURI REGIMENT VOLS.,Saint Joseph, Mo., January 21, [1862].

In pursuance of orders from headquarters of the department a mustering officer will be in Saint Joseph on the 29th of the present

