
month for the purpose of remustering the Twenty-fifth Missouri Regiment, including the battalion of cavalry, and Major Van Horn's detachment, for back pay and for future service. Any soldier absent at the remustering will not receive pay for past services and will be deemed a deserter and treated accordingly.

E. PEABODY,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 36. Saint Louis, December 30, 1861.

Special Orders, Numbers 327, and Numbers 335, from the Adjutant-General's Office, having been received at headquarters, are published for the information of all concerned:

Special Orders, Numbers 327. -Any orders that may have been given from this officer or from the headquarters of the Western Department for mustering out of service Colonel Mulligan's Twenty-third Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, Irish Brigade, are hereby rescinded and all discharges that may have been granted thereupon are revoked. The officers and men of this regiment will be considered as continuously in service from the date they were originally mustered in. Colonel Mulligan is authorized to fill up his regiment to the maximum standard of an infantry regiment as prescribed by law.

* *

Special Orders, Numbers 335. -Any orders that may have been given from this office or from the headquarters of the Western Department for mustering out of service Colonel Marshall's First Regiment Illinois Cavalry are hereby rescinded and all discharges that may have been granted thereupon are revoked. The officers and men of this regiment will be considered as continuously in service from the date they were originally mustered in. Colonel Marshall is authorized to fill up his regiment to the maximum standard of a cavalry regiment as prescribed by law.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS

Adjutant-General.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

JNO C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Washington, February 6, 1862.

* *

V. Any orders that may have been given from this office or the headquarters of the Western Department for mustering out of service Colonel Peabody's Twenty-fifth Regiment Missouri Infantry are hereby rescinded and all exchanges that may have been granted thereupon are revoked. The officers and men of this regiment will be considered as continuously in service from the date on which they were originally mustered in. Colonel Peabody is authorized to fill up his regiment to the maximum standard of an infantry regiment as prescribed by law.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

