
The orders from the Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, can only be regarded as applying to those men who desire to be regarded as having been continuously in service. No man can be arrested as a deserter who refuses to rejoin the regiment having been duly discharged, nor can any one who subsequent to his discharge enters some others regiment be constrained to join the regiment he left.

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

We are very anxious to see Colonel Peabody's regiment filled, but when Lieutenant Hawley charges us with misrepresentation we propose to "draw the documents. "

WASHINGTON, September 25, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

DEAR SIR: I have come here to see you in relation to the exchange of some of our prisoners at Richmond but finding you very much engaged I take the liberty to write. There are now at Richmond forty-eight civilians who went our under the order of the Secretary of War to take care of the wounded at Manasas at the last battle and were taken prisoners. Several of these men are in the public employment under me. Three who were taken at the same time having been exchanged returned yesterday, and they represent those who remain as being in a most deplorable condition, being treated as spies and abused as such by Mr. Robert Ould, formerly district attorney of this District and now commissioner of prisoners at Richmond, who seems to be seeking according to their account to render his ingratitude to the Government that so long fostered him as conspicuous as possible by his cruelty to those whom he knew here. He threatens I understand to hold them as spies "till they rot. " I am here with several of the friends and relatives of those prisoners, and what we earnestly desire is that you will take such measures as you may think best to have them exchanged as soon as possible.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

B. B. FRENCH,

Commissioner of Public Buildings.

WHEELING, VA., September 25, [1862.]

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge-Advocate.

SIR: I presume it has been brought to your notice that rebel officers in Virginia have publicly declared to citizens of this State that the oaths of allegiance voluntarily taken are now binding upon them, and that the so-called Confederate Government would guarantee to all disregarding said oaths the humane treatment of the usages of war if taken prisoners. There are now at Camp Chase men who have violated their oaths by taking up arms against the United States, having been warned that the penalty of doing so would be death when the oath was administered to them.

It seems to me that if our Government is no prepared to take a stand in this matter and declare its policy that the administering of an oath of allegiance here is only a mockery and a farce.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

36 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

