
FORT MONROE, VA., September 25, 1862.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to instructions contained in Special Orders, Numbers 108, dated Headquarters Seventh Army Corps, Fort Monroe, Va., September 22, 1862, I proceeded under flag of truce up James River to Aiken's Landing, Va., having in charge thirty-seven paroled prisoners of war. I arrived at Aiken's on the morning of the 23rd instant and immediately dispatched a note to Robert Ould, esq., commissioner of exchange at Richmond, a copy of which is herewith inclosed marked A. * On the evening of the same day I received a reply to my communication, which is also inclosed marked B. * The prisoners then under my charge were delivered to an officer authorized to receive them, and his receipt together with their paroles+ I send herewith.

At noon on the 24th instant Mr. Ould reported at the landing with the following paroled prisoners whom I received and receipted for; Ninety-seven officers of Major-General Pope's command, 33 non-commissioned officers and soldiers, 80 citizens and nurses, making a total of 210. At 2 p. m. I started on my return and proceeded as far as Jamestown when we came to anchor for the night, and arrived at Fort Monroe at 8. 45 a. m. 25th instant. I have also to report the death of Private David Eckhurst on the trip down.

Private David Eckhurst on the trip down.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN E. MULFORD,

Captain, Third New York Infantry, Commanding Flag of Truce.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Nearly 5,000 Indiana soldiers were surrendered as prisoners at Munfordville, Ky., and paroled. Two thousand more were taken and paroled at Richmond, Ky., Indiana feels very sore over the mismanagement and imbecility which led to these results. It would be a satisfaction to our citizens to have a camp for paroled men established here, which could be maintained as cheaply as elsewhere. Our accommodations are at least as good as those at Camp Chase, and the men would be better satisfied and render more service here than at any other rendezvous. I earnestly and respectfully ask that the necessary authority be given.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 26, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis:

It is not designed to established any camp for paroled prisoners of war and none will be established for the present at Indianapolis. Sending prisoners to their own State operates as an inducement for shameful surrender, and I am not surprised at the soreness of feeling which you mention as being felt on account of the imbecility and mismanagement that occasioned the surrender at Richmond and Munfordville. Every loyal and earnest man feels it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted.

---------------

