
I respectfully request that this matter may receive your earliest attention, and remain,

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier General, C. S., Army, in Charge of Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 26, 1862.

Colonel JESSE HILDEBRAND,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

COLONEL: Your commissary, Lieutenant Rutherford, writes me that according to the scale of rations in his office the prisoners are to receive five pounds of adamantine candles to the hundred rations. This of course is a mistake and it should be five candles, not five pounds to the hundred rations. I inclose you a scale* of rations as they have been issued at other camps. If there seems to be a deficiency in any of the articles let me know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 26, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding at Drummondtown, Va.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 22nd instant the commanding general directs me to say that you being so far from headquarters are authorized to arrest and place in confinement all such persons as you are satisfied are guilty of disloyal or treasonable practices and will hold them in custody until the proper charges made under oath, setting forth in what respect they were disloyal or guilty of treasonable practices, have been submitted to the commanding general for his action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 26, 1862.

Captain JANUARY.

Lieutenant PERKINS.

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of the 25th instant to Captain Davis has been handed to the general commanding for consideration and he directs me to say that the reason for keeping you in close confinement is that he has received a communication from General Taylor, of Confederate service, saying that he will not exchange the prisoners he has belonging to the Eighth Vermont Volunteers. It therefore rests with your own officers when you shall be released.

By order of Major-General Butler:

FRED. MARTIN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

