
CHICAGO, ILL., September 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General MEIGS:

Nine thousand or 10,000 paroled prisoners here and to arrive. Destitute of everything. Want camp and garrison equipage, mess furniture, &amp;c. Shall I issue shelter-tens and knives and forks and plates?

J. A. POTTER,

Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 27, 1862.

Adjutant-General FULLER, Springfield, Ill.:

The paroled troops from Harper's Ferry have been ordered to Camp Douglas on their way to the Indian frontier. They are to be refitted and supplied at Camp Douglas. Their number will be from 8,000 to 10,000. You will please make preparations and provide accommodations for them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that Messrs. Powell and Nabb, who were arrested with judge Carmichael, of Maryland, now confined at Fort Lafayette be transferred to Fort Delaware.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 27, 1862.

Colonel JOS. H. TUCKER, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: I desire immediately to return of prisoners of war at Camp Douglas up to this time showing what disposition has been made of every man who was reported on your return for August. Furnish with the return lists to correspond with all the changes reported under the head of alterations. The rolls which you have retained of those transferred and discharged may be sent with the returns as you will no longer want them. Furnish me a separate list of those prisoners who were permitted to join the two regiments which were under the command of Colonel Mulligan as you have heretofore reported. This list was called for on the 29th of June and should have been forwarded long since. When all matters connected with the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas are closed without waiting for the few who may be in hospital have all books and records appertaining to them packed in a box properly marked and place it in the hands of Captain Potter, assistant quartermaster, for safe-keeping.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

