
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., September 27, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Third Infantry, U. S. Army.

CAPTAIN: You will proceed immediately to Camp Morton, near Indianapolis, and obtain from the commanding officer returns of the prisoners of war for the months of July, August and part of September, carefully made up for each month according to orders heretofore given. Have lists prepared to correspond with the alterations in each month where lists have not already been sent to this office. You will also obtain a full statement of the prisoners' fund from the commissary of the camp approved by the commanding officer. Direct any fund remaining on hand to be turned over to Captain Foster, commissary of subsistence in Indianapolis, subject to my orders. You will also inspect the accounts of the commanding officer of moneys deposited with him by prisoners and ascertain if there be any on hand not called for when the prisoners were transferred or left by those who died. Any such money you will received and receipt for and deliver to me on your return to this city. Brig with it a list of the names of those to whom it belonged with the amounts due each. Ascertain the condition of the hospital fund, and if there are any outstanding debts see that they are paid out of this fund or the prisoners' fund. Obtain from Captain Ekin, assistant quartermaster, if possible Lieutenant Palmer's account with the prisoners' fund. They were to have been left with him as was the understanding when I last saw them together. When all matters connected with the prisoners of war at Camp Morton are closed you will pack up in a box properly marked all books and records appertaining thereto and place it in the hands of the quartermaster. Captain Ekin, at Indianapolis for safe-keeping. Having performed this service you will report to me in this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 27, 1862.

Honorable H. M. HOXIE, Des Moines City, Iowa:

Your letter* of the 22nd instant respecting the arrest, &amp;c., of sundry persons (Knights of the Golden Circle) is received, all of which is highly approved and you will accept thanks for efficiency. Also the copy of the affidavit* of George Rose was inclosed. The letter* to the War Department from Governor Kirkwood is also before me with the affidavit of J. E. Painter.

In relation to the members of the Knights of the Golden Circle you are directed to arrest all such persons as are influential and of character sufficient to have a leading influence, taking ample proofs that they are members, and report the same to this Department. If in your judgment it is advisable to convey such persons arrested for greater safety and accommodation to some other place of custody than Davenport Recruiting Depot please advice. It seems to me that you can act with more promptness by making arrests by order of Governor Kirkwood. Governor Kirkwood's suggestions about provost-marshals will be attended to. There is to be a provost-marshal-general and provost-marshal in Congressional district where necessary. The order of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

