
SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel B. G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Mississippi.

COLONEL: In accordance with verbal instructions from you to that effect I carefully examined the Gratiot Street Prison and the condition of the prisoners therein and respectfully report:

1. That among the prisoners therein are several who are under sentence of death and others who are to be confined until the suppression of the rebellion.

2. That prisoners of war and civil prisoners are confined together.

3. The culinary and sanitary arrangements of the prison are in most admirable condition. The method adopted whereby a thorough police of the prison is secured is perfect.

4. There is but one place whereat prisoners can possibly escape.

This is an unoccupied room on the top of the building, the window whereof looks on the roof of the religious institution adjoining the same. I respectfully suggest that iron bars be placed on the window. I am satisfied that escape from the prison is impossible provided the guard discharges its duty.

5. I ascertained that the officer who commands the prison guard is at the same time commander of the guard at Schofield Barracks. His constant attention to the prison guard is therefore impracticable. The guard whilst not on post are allowed to go beyond the lines of the prison. In case of an outbreak therefore among the prisoners there would be no force to suppress the same. Citizens are permitted to converse with the guard and the sentinels are allowed to sit on post. This should not be tolerated.

I respectfully suggest:

1. That the prisoners of war be kept separate from other prisoners and that the rule prohibiting the officers from communicating with the privates be more rigidly enforced.

2. The severe sentences of those prisoners condemned to death and to imprisonment until the suppression of the rebellion necessarily makes them reckless and bold. Their constant separation from other prisoners and their removal to Alton if practicable is respectfully suggested.

3. One officer should be detailed daily as f the prison guard who should be required to remain constantly at the prison. He should be directed to allow none of his guard to go beyond the lines. He should inspect each relief every time it was on post at least once. This precaution together with his constant presence and that of his command at the prison would more effectually, it is respectfully submitted, preclude the possibility of escapes and outbreaks.

In this connection allow me to suggest that as among the prisoners there are a number of professors of religion it would be beneficial to them and in nowise detrimental to discipline were clergymen allowed to visit the prisoners once a week in an official capacity. In conclusion I have to state that any escape from the prison has been because of the negligence of the guard. Mr. Bishop has in my opinion adopted every precaution whereby such accidents can be prevented.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. McCONNEL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Mississippi.

