
the new camp. Suddenly they filed into a cross street. The officers endeavored to stop thumbed without success. A company of the provost-guard was sent after them with directions to capture or shoot them. Fifty were brought back. The whole are under guard. The ringleaders will be confined in the penitentiary. They threaten the lives of the captain and colonel.)

Entertaining the above opinion my advice (if I can be pardoned for giving it) is to give a dishonorable discharge to every man who refuses to be attached to an organization or who deserts after being paid. Whoever gets into Camp Chase or comes in contact with its inmates is instantly seized with the mutinous spirit I have described. Hence I thought it my duty to beg the Secretary not to send more troops to this place. The Indiana regiments captured at Richmond and Nufordville have not yet arrived and I hope will not. It would be far better policy to send such regiments directly to Minnesota, to be armed and re-equipped there.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, &amp;c.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The new regiments from Indiana that were surrendered and paroled at Richmond and Munfordville were enlisted upon the promise that they should have a furlough of a few days in which to see their families and arrange home business. When the invasion of Kentucky by [E.] Kirby Smith took place they were organized at once and hurried out of the State without being furloughed according to promise. This can be done now without injury to the public service, and in my opinion the good faith of the Government requires that it should be done. To that end I recommend that they be required to report at Indianapolis instead of Camp Chase and that authority be given me to furlough them for a time not exceeding twenty days unless sooner exchanged.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 28, 1862.

Colonel HARDING, Pilot Knob:

Colonel PECKHAM, Cape Girardeau:

You will arrest all persons in the vicinity of your posts and commands who come properly under the designation of "bad and dangerous men," and send them up here under guard to be imprisoned during the war. Publish an order stating the same and circulate it around your counties. Under the President's proclamation any one advising against enlistments or speaking against the Government comes under the above category.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, MO., September 28, 1862.

General GUITAR, Columbia (via Sturgeon, Mo.):

* *

You must act at your discretion in the matter. Krekel ought to be able to do something, but he and his men are evidently so worthless

