
show their military character and explain why they were arrested as citizens. As you return see that all matters connected with prisoners of war at Camp Butler and Camp Douglas are properly closed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, September 29, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of 26th and 27th instant, also letter to W. W. Lester, post sutler, with your indorsement. I have sent all the prisoners of war here off to-day to Cairo and will be able to make you the returns you direct immediately. Thirty-nine prisoners were received from Corinth yesterday; some included in the batch sent away to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, Ohio, September 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have seen enough to paroled prisoners and heard enough of them talk to know that unless the paroling system is abandoned we will be beaten by the number of paroled prisoners we shall have. It is an inducement not only for cowards, but for men discontented with their officers, or even homesick to surrender. And the paroled men talk about the kind treatment they receive from rebels after surrender and parole. The paroled prisoners also become outlaws and refuse to serve again in any capacity. An order ending all paroling will force upon the South the necessity of feeding or releasing our soldiers, and if our men understood positively that they are to be prisoners in the South if taken they would strike with more energy and desperation. I intrude on you from a sense of duty.

Yours, respectfully,

J. H. GEIGER.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 29, 1862.

Captain T. T. ECKERT:

Nelson was killed by General Jeff. C. Davis this morning about 8 o'clock. It seems Nelson treated Davis harshly one night last week and ordered him from the city. This morning Davis confronted Nelson at the Galt House about the insult. Nelson refused to listen, slapped Davis in the face, whereupon Davis turned, went to a friend near by, borrowed a pistol, went back to Nelson who was then in conversation with some one, and shot him in left breast. Nelson died in fifteen minutes after he was shot. Davis will be tried before judge of police court to-morrow morning.

SAML. BRUCH,

[Assistant Manager U. S. Military Telegraph.]

