
Texas exchange:

First U. S. Infantry.

Third U. S. Infantry.

Eighth U. S. Infantry.

New Mexico exchange:

Third U. S. Cavalry.

Seventh U. S. Infantry.

Shiloh prisoners.

Gainesville prisoners delivered to Major C. E. Livingston September 1, 1862.

Gainesville prisoners delivered to Lieutenant D. S. Uncles August 30, 1862.

The total number of exchanges to be offiset by the delivery of Confederate prisoners at Vicksburg is now.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that O. Barrett and Thomas McDowell, publishers and proprietors of the Patriot and Union, Harrisburg, Pa., were discharged from imprisonment in the Old Capitol Prison August 22 ultimo, the charge against them being the publication of a hand-bill calculated to discourage enlistments. Before their discharge they severally gave a parole upon honor to do no act or deed that is disloyalty to the Government. That on the 25th instant the said Patriot and Union published an editorial disloyal, traitors and treasonable, declaring among other things the following:

Keep these facts before the people and keep before them too the disgraceful fact that the President of the United States, an abolition Republication, declares in his emancipation proclamation that this Government will do no act or acts to repress slave rebellion. Remember that this cold-blooded invitation to insurrection and butchery comes from the Republican President of the United States, &amp;c.

The above are only specimes of the disloyal and treasonable utterances of the Patriot and Union and are regarded not only as disloyal and treasonable but a violation of the parole given by said Barrett and McDowell on the 22nd of August last. It is respectfully recommended that an order for the arrest of said Barrett and McDowell be issued and they be confined in the Old Capitol Prison till further orders, and also that the printing establishment of the Patriot and Union be taken possession of and the publication suppressed by the Government until further orders.

Respectfully submitted.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 41. Cincinnati, Ohio, September 30, 1862.

* *

IV. The officers and enlisted men of the several new Indiana regiments that were surrendered and paroled at Richmond and Munfordville, Ky., and that were enlisted upon the promise that they should have a furlough of a few days in which to see their families and arrange home business before being sent into the field, are hereby granted leave of absence for twenty days unless sooner exchanged, at the expiration of which they will report themselves to the commanding officer at Camp

