
Chase, Ohio. The regimental and company commanders will see that each enlisted man of their respective regiments and companies is furnished with a furlough in due form under the authority of and in compliance with these orders.

* *

By order of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP CHASE, September 30, 1862.

Honorable I. WASHBURN, Jr.

DEAR SIR: Being in peculiar circumstances we deem it proper to address you at this time. We were taken prisoners at Baton Rouge and kept at Jackson, Miss., until the 7th of September, when we were taken to Vicksburg and exchanged. We were then sent on to Cairo, Ill., were we obtained transportation to Columbus, Ohio, where we now are. Now, what we wish is to obtain transportation to our regiment or to be sent to our own State. We do not think that they have any right to detain us here and we certainly do not wish to stay. Do what you can for us and we will be very thankful.

Yours, truly,

FREEMAN DUDLEY,

BENJAMIN G. PATCH,

G. F. W. TIBBETTS,

W. J. PATCH,

RICHARD H. MULLER,

WILLIAM O. ROLLINS,

HENRY BROWN,

All of the Fourteenth Maine.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUSTA, October 6, 1862.

I would respectfully ask the attention of General Thomas, Adjutant-General United States, to the foregoing application and ask it may be complied with if there be on good reason against it.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Louisville, October 1, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Confederate Forces.

SIR: I have examined again carefully the cartel for the exchange of prisoners of war. I base my action in releasing certain prisoners from their parole on the reading of the fifth article:

Each party upon the discharge of prisoners of the other party is authorized to discharge an equal number of their own officers or men from parole, furnishing at the same time to the other party a list of their prisoners discharged and of their own officers and men relieved from parole, enabling each party to relieve from parole such of their own officers and men as the party may choose. The lists thus mutually furnished will keep both parties advised of the true condition of the exchange of prisoners.

There may be some doubt as to what is meant by the phrase "the lines" as used in the cartel. There is perhaps enough in the fourth and seventh articles to assume that it means a particular place to be

