
and captured and paroled by [the] enemy and have been ordered to camp at Columbus. Is it not possible to have all Kentucky paroled prisoner placed in camp here, say at the Fair Grounds near here, where ample accommodations can be cheaply provided for them? I shall be greatly obliged to you if this can be done.

J. F. ROBINSON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Annapolis, Md.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that all the officers now at Annapolis who have been exchanged as prisoners of war be ordered to join their commands without delay. I respectfully inclose herewith the three orders* which embrace all the exchanges made to this date. The Secretary of War also directs that you make know to the officers and men at Annapolis the prohibition now frequently disregarded to come to Washington without his permission. This prohibition does not of course extend to exchanged officers who are obliged to pass through the city to reach their regiments.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 112. Baltimore, Md., October 2, 1862.

I. Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding at Fort McHenry, will prepare all the rebel prisoners of war now at that post to leave this afternoon with a suitable guard detailed to accompany them on board the Old Point Comfort steamer for Fort Monroe, there to be exchanged, excepting Captain Gilmore and Lieutenant Carlisle and any other rebel prisoners of war who are charged with being spies, all of whom will be retained until further orders. General Morris will send direct to these headquarters by the bearer of this order, Major Von Hermann, aide-de-camp, a roll of the rebel prisoners of war to be sent to Fort Monroe with the name and rank of each; also a roll of those detained as spies.

* *

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, Memphis, October 2, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Vicksburg.

DEAR SIR: Yours of September 21+ was handed me on yesterday by Lieutenant-Colonel Oleny, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, just up from Vicksburg. I think the boats under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Oakley have passed up, but as they were chartered and fitted out at Cairo, received their orders there and are to account for their acts at that point I will refer your communication to the commanding officer there with this indorsement:

Respectfully forwarded to the commanding officer at Cairo. I of course have no jurisdiction in this matter, the officers, guards and boats having come from Cairo,

---------------

*Omitted here; see ante for various declarations of exchange.

+Not found.

---------------

