
to get them. I would also ask you to be permitted to send clothing, &amp;c., to the officers taken prisoners by you. We found our killed on the battle-field stripped naked, one's throat was cut, another's skull was broken, without being otherwise wounded. I simply bring these facts to your notice, well knowing that these outrages would not have been committed if you could have prevented it.

Most respectfully,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that affidavits and statements in writing have been submitted to this office disclosing the following facts: First, that the rebel prisoners at Johnson's Island, Ohio, before their exchange obtained 500 new suits (coats and pants) made of gray drilling goods, cut in military style and trimmed with military trimmings. These new suits were obtained in Sandusky, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Columbus, and patterns of these rebel military suits were sent from the island to the manufactures and letters passed through the post-office between the prisoners and manufactures in relation to the clothing. Second, that when the baggage of the rebel prisoners had left the island it was not examined by the officers commanding and large quantities of Government property were taken away by the prisoners from the island. Third, that after the baggage had started South on the railroad it was overtaken and overhauled and one car-load of Government property found and seized, consisting of blankets, shoes, &c., with the Government marks thereon, but the new military uniforms were not taken. It is respectfully submitted that such actions and doings and fraudulent practices could not have transpired on Johnson's Island without the knowledge and consent of the Federal officers in charge thereof, and that if said officers had knowledge of and gave assent thereto then they are unworthy of governmental employment and confidence. I therefore recommend a thorough investigation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, SECOND COMPTROLLER'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 2, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to present for your consideration the fourteenth section, act of March 30, 1864 (Volume 3, page 114, U. S. Statutes), the only one providing for prisoners of war captured from the Army by an enemy, with such remarks upon the subject-matter thereof as I have felt it my duty to make. Important and pressing claims on the attention of this office have prevented an earlier discharge of this duty. The words of the law are:

That every non-commissioned officer and private of the Army, or officer, non-commissioned officer and private of any militia or volunteer corps in the service of the United States who has been or may be captured by the enemy shall be entitled to receive during his captivity, notwithstanding the expiration of his term of service,

