
document and withdraw my opinion. I am disposed to think the parole is made by the cartel to include all military duty.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I invoke your attention to my dispatch of yesterday concerning paroled prisoners. I am informed and believe that the greatest disorder prevails in camp at Columbus, and that the men and officers are indulging in unbecoming petty jealousies and quarrels and must soon become demoralized. I again ask that the Kentucky paroled prisoners may be sent here. I believe the public good would be promoted by the change.

JAMES F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 3, 1862.

Brigadier General LLOYD TILGHMAN, C. S. Army.

GENERAL: Your communication of date September 26 was received to-day by hand of Captain Squires, of Louisiana regiment of artillery, C. S. Army, who has charge of flag of truce for the purpose of transmitting the communication.

I will forward all prisoners of war held by the United States either by parole or imprisonment according to the terms of the cartel, a copy of which you have done me the honor to send.

The prisoners will leave on a steam-boat on the morning of the 8th day of October instant and will be due the following morning at farthest at Baton Rouge.

The officer in charge will be instructed to receive on board such prisoners as you may have to return. A duplicate list will be sent with the prisoners forwarded and I respectfully ask the same on your part.

I desire to call your special attention and ask return of the prisoners of Eighth Regiment Vermont Volunteers captured by General Taylor. Of course under my communication in this exchange no threat of General Taylor toward them will be carried out.

Brigadier-General Clark, who has now his wife and children with him and whose health I am happy to report is in satisfactory progress, will be allowed to go as soon as he desires.

All the prisoners captured at Forts Jackson and Saint Philips who desire to be exchanged will be sent. Of course you do not expect me to force anybody to go. Prior to the 1st of September I had advertised in all the prominent newspapers in the city for all the prisoners of war within these lines who desired to be exchanged to register their names for that purpose. One or two whose names had been registered desired them to be stricken off and one or two who had neglected to register their names desired to have them put on, but in neither case have I yielded to their solicitations.

I shall now advertise for all those registered to repair on board the steamer at the time designated, and in addition for all who were captured at Forts Saint Philip and Jackson who now desire to be exchanged to report themselves and they will be sent forward.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

