
they transport for about 1 cent per mile into such cars as they put troops in and charge 2 cents [and] they would not get a single passenger. The 2 cents per mile for soldier transported (and baggage extra at that) was established as a fair price when regular passenger cars and passenger speed were used. This looked fair, but the railroad company had no ability to render the service as they proposed, and therefore substituted freight cars and reduced speed and still pocketed the 2 cents per mile as I understand.

I submit the foregoing as a matter of duty, not of interest, and as there are many competent railroad men in the army it appears to me the Government would gain largely by having these railroad matters looked into. From present appearances the Government for some time to come has largely increased bodies of men to move and I know a very large saving could be made without doing the least injustice to railroad companies.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DANIEL TYLER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, October 3, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this p. m. I have this moment received and answered. If I order the officers to Washington I am sure to have a mutiny to-morrow. The fact is these Harper's Ferry men are perfectly disorganized, and as you have already taken from us the heads of every regiment I can do nothing to-day. The Garibaldi Guard (Thirty-ninth New York) and Colonel Willard's regiment (One hundred and twenty-fifth New York) refuse to do every duty, and after a plain talk I have given them until to-morrow for reflection when I shall do all I can [to] stop the spirit of insubordination, and I have only parts of two Illinois three-months' regiments whose term of service has expired armed and capable of rendering any assistance, and these regiments are far from being reliable.

Colonel Stannard's Ninth Vermont, unarmed, is the only reliable regiment here. It appears that before leaving Harper's Ferry General Branch harangued the rank and file; told them the parole excluded them from the performance of every kind of duty until exchanged, and this course so well suits the [illegible] of the men that they willingly received it as the laws in the case. If the offices were all here I should expect to get along, but as every regiment is deprived of its field officers my task here is difficulty and disagreeable and I cannot say that I am certain as to results. I shall do all I can and have made up my mind that I have any [illegible] of the men that they willingly received it as the law in the case. If the officers were all here I should expect to get along, but as every regiment is deprived of its field officers my task here is difficult and disagreeable and I cannot say that I am certain as to results. I shall do al I can and have made up my mind that I have any [illegble] for I shall use it so soon as any officer is discharged by the courts by your order him to report forthwith.

General Pope telegraphs to me for a regiment to be sent forward, and I have answered that it is impossible as the men are unarmed and in a state of sure mutiny. So soon as I receive an answer to my telegram I shall comply with your instructions, and in the meantime I will order the junior officers called for in your dispatches of to-day to proceed without delay to Washington.

Weigh great respect, your obedient servant,DANIEL TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

