
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 4, 1862.

The PRESIDENT, General McClellan's Headquarters:

After full consultation with the Secretary of War and Colonel holt it is concluded that the parole under the cartel does not prohibit doing service against the Indians.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Iowa City, October 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: Most of the field and line officers of the Eighth, Twelfth and Fourteenth Regiments Iowa Volunteers Infantry were taken prisoners at the battle of Shiloh. They were taken prisoners about 5 o'clock p. m. of the first day's fight because they did not retreat as soon as their supports on the right and left did, and it is claimed by many that their stubbornness in holding their ground delayed the advance of the enemy and perhaps saved our army.

These regiments were at Fort Donelson and in the column led by the Iowa Second that stormed the trenches there. They were thus largely instrumental in capturing the large number of rebels there taken.

I cannot learn that a signal one of the officers of these regiments has yet been exchanged, although the rebels taken prisoners at Donelson have been exchanged for other of our officers.

This excites much remarks in our State and unless there is some error in the statement affords good ground for such remarks. It seems very hard and unfair that these officers should be kept in confinement and their regiments disorganized while rebels taken prisoner by them are exchanged for other officers. Permit me to ask for especial attention to this matter so that if any wrong has been done it may be righted, and if no wrong has been done I may be furnished the means of satisfying the friends of these officers and our people of the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

P. S. -The privates of these regiments are also still unexchanged although many of them are at Benton Barracks and have suffered very harsh treatment because they did not understand their parole, as did the officers under whom they were placed. Cannot this matter be made right?

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

I do not desire the list of prisoners here but shall need them when I go down. I am waiting for rolls from the West. If necessary you are authorized to exchange any that arrive at Fort Monroe before I go down.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 79. New Orleans, October 4, 1862.

In accordance with the terms of the cartel recently negotiated between the major-general commanding this department and Brigadier-General

