
Tilghman, of the Confederate Army, all prisoners of war registered at these headquarters for exchange will be sent by steamer to Baton Rouge, La., on the 8th of October, instant, leaving New Orleans at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day.

Those officers the terms of whose surrender permitted the retention of their side-arms will be allowed to take with them their swords only, but in no case will permission be granted to purchase arms of any description to carry beyond the lines; nor will any supplies be taken further than the apparel actually worn at the time of their departure.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., October 5, 1862.

RICHARD H. DANA, Jr.,U. S. District Attorney, Massachusetts.

SIR: Your communication of the 2nd instant is received. Colonel J. C. Ives, who is I believe an aide-de-camp to Jefferson Davis, wrote me a letter by request of the friends of Mrs. Hampton, of South Carolina, formerly Miss Baxter, of New york, informing me of her death and requesting me to communicate the intelligence to her family. He also inclosed to me an open letter to his mother, from whom he said he had not heard directly for eighteen months, and requested me to allow an anger to be sent through me if consistent with our rules to Mr. Ould, the commissioner for the delivery and exchange of the prisoners of war. The letter was sent and the answer came yesterday and went up by flag of truce Both letters were open and were read by me. They related exclusively to domestic matters. Nothing was said of supplies of any description.

There has been a very extensive correspondence with prisoners of war on both sides, very much reduced by recent exchanges, and with their letter others relating exclusively to family matters have been allowed at the discretion of the commanding general here to go through our lines. Indeed letters are frequently transmitted by the authorities at Washington to be forwarded to private individuals on the other side. All letters of every description are carefully read and the majority are sent to the Dead-Letter Office.

I am thus particular that you may understand how impossible it is for any correspondence of an improper character to find it way through this post. In regard to supplies of all kinds they are never allowed to pass under any circumstances even though not contraband of war.

I think you for the information in regard to Colonel Ives and his relatives. I did not know until I received his note that he was in the service of the insurgents, nor until I received yours that he was the same person who was in our Corps of Topographical Engineers. If there has been any correspondence between him and his relatives in the North it could not have been through this post, but must have been by some contraband mail. Such mails we know are sent as we have succeeded in capturing several.

I will thank you to furnish me with any information you may receive on this subject or any other of a kindred character, and am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

