HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, October 5, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington.

GENERAL: Our camp has at least for the present become quiet and orderly. Yesterday the Thirty-ninth (Garibaldi Guard) and the One hundred and twenty-fifth New York, Colonel Willard, both of which had refused to do any duty, being ordered on duty at a particular hour each regiment fell in obedience to orders.

The Thirty-second Ohio, Colonel Ford's regiment, being without a field officer, has been disorderly, but I think they are improving and will not risk the consequences of further misconduct. The same will apply to the Sixty-fifth Illinois and Rigby's (Indiana) battery, and to these commands the insubordination has been mainly confined.

What I exact of these paroled men in (1) regular police in their camps; (2) inspections, &amp;c., as ordered from time to time; (3) keeping guard over their own camp; (4) company and battalion drill without arms. These exactions the men now acquiesce in and can or could be carried out, but to-day's Tribune, published at Chicago, contains the inclosed slip* publishing the cartel between Generals Dix and Hill, 22nd July lst, and by referring to the fifth paragraph of that instrument it would seem that if these men are considered a 'surplus," they are forbidden to perform "field, garrison, police, guard or constabulary duty. " If we comply with this paragraph it appears to me it leaves little else for us to do with the men but feed and clothe them and let them do as they please. The publication of the agreement at this time is undoubtedly to do mischief, and I shall have hard work to keep our men quiet under existing orders long enough to hear from the Department.

I therefore beg your early attention to this matter and let me know by orders if possible what I am to exact from these paroled men.

The condition of things here seems to require an early settlement of this parole matter.

With great respect, your obedient servant,D. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., October 5, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Acting Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the following matters:

1. It is represented that in Missouri and elsewhere citizens are arrested and under threats of being treated as pies in case of refusal compelled to enter into heavy bonds with surety that they will not take up arms against the United States. Several cases of this kind have been presented, among whom is that of James W. D. Hatcher, of Missouri, a discharged Confederate soldier, who on his return to that State was compelled to give such a bond with surety in the sum of $3,000.

The Confederate Government will treat all such bonds as nullities.

2. Officers and men of the Missouri State Guard are now held in confinement in Missouri, at Johnson's Island and elsewhere. They have neither been paroled nor released under the terms of the cartel. They are entitled in all respects to the privileges of officers and men of the C. S. Army. They are so recognized by the acts of the Confederate Congress. Their exchange is insisted on under the provisions of the carte. Among others now confined at Johnson's Island

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

