
are Capts. F. A. Rogers, J. Joplin, S. L. Cary, J. P. Caldwell, F. Weed, and Lieutenants P. F. Willard and S. Duncan. The Missouri State Guard on the other hand have made captures of many prisoners whose paroles are now held by me. Can there by any objection to exchange one class for an equivalent of the other?

3. Captain D. B. Vincent, who was captured while in command of a steamer, is represent to our authorities as being kept in close confinement at Fort Lafayette and heavily ironed. He was captured in Bull's Bay, off Carolina. The name of the vessel commanded by him was the Emily. She was a merchant vessel and at the time of her capture it was alleged she was endeavoring to run the blockade. She was owned by one Henry A. McLeod, a British subject, who was captured with Captain Vincent but released. Many cases similar to that of Captain Vincent have been reported to the Confederate Government. Pilots also of merchant vessels have been arrested and thrown into prison. Many if not all of them are now so confined. I trust it will only be necessary to bring this matter to your notice to have this wrong redressed. The Confederate Government will give any fair exchange for these classes.

4. Several officers and men known as partisan rangers are detained in confinement by the United States Government. Partisan rangers are not persons making war without authority, but are in all respects like the rest of the Army except that they are not brigaded and act generally on detached service. They are not irregulars who go and come at pleasure, but are organized troops whose muster-rolls are returned and whose officers are commissioned as in other branches of the service. They are subject to the Articles of War and Army Regulations and are held responsible for violation of the usages of war in like manner with regular troops. So also is it with the partisan rangers organized under the law of Virginia. The commissions of the officers are given by the State authorities. I allude now more particularly to the cases of Captain John S. Springs and Captain Marshall Triplett, who are confined on Johnston's Island. These names were brought to the attention of General McClellan some time ago by General Lee. On the 21st of June last General McClellan wrote to General Lee that "they were held as other prisoners. " He even cautioned General Lee against believing on mere rumor that they would be treated in any other way than as prisoners of war. Yet when other officers have been sent from Johnston's Island to Vicksbrug they have been retained. As belonging to the same class I call your attention also to Major Conway and Peter B. Righer who are now confined in Wheeling or Camp Chase. They are form Northwestern Virginia. The Confederate Government for the reasons given claims that its own and the Virginia rangers shall be treated as prisoners of war released under the terms of the cartel.

5. Thomas McKay, William D. Barrlett and Benjamin Hicks were arrested by some of Pope's officers under circumstances detailed in a letter which accompanies this communication. Mr. Jacobs is a truthful and reliable gentleman. Pope's officers were retained as hostages against such outrages as are mentioned in that letter. As the Confederate Government has released them, ought not the above named parties the be delivered and allowed to go to their homes? The Confederate Government can see sort of justification in their retention. Even if they were arrested to prevent their giving information to the Confederate army, the reason for their being any longer detained has ceased.

6. A number of officers, soldier engineers captured in or near New Orleans are now in that city. Some have been exchanged

