
able citizens unlawfully and unjustly taken, as we think, would be a quasi recognition of your right to make such captures. I trust therefore that the United States Government will unconditionally release all citizens of the Confederate States belonging to the class to which I have referred.

There are now many matters demanding a meeting of the agents for exchange of the respective Governments. The length of this communication is proof of the difficulty of adjusting them by correspondence. I hope therefore that yourself or General Thomas will appear at Varina at an early day. I have directed that all your prisoners at the South shall forthwith be sent to Richmond and Vicksburg. In a short time we will have some two or three thousand at this place.

I must request as a favor that you will send this communication or a copy to General Thomas. I have been too much hurried to prepare a copy for him. *

Yours, respectfully,

ROBT. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

FORT MONROE, October 5, 1862.

Adjutant-General L. THOMAS.

GENERAL: A letter just received from Mr. Ould informs me that he had issued long ago an order for the delivery of General Prentiss at Vicksburg and that he will inquire into the matter immediately. Major Atwood (of Pope's officers) will be sent down by him on the next flag-of-truce boat. He was detained before by mistake.

Four transports with Confederate prisoners from Fort Delaware went up to Aiken's Landing yesterday and to-day.

A hospital steamer in the absence of commodore was fitted up and also sent up. There are about 1,000 of our prisoners to come down. To what place shall they be sent?

Mr. Wood, superintendent of the [Old] Capitol Prison, is here with a number of citizen prisoners for exchange under some special instructions from General Wadsworth. On the 19th September last a proposition was made to Mr. Ould by the with the approval of the Secretary of War and yourself for an exchange of all citizen prisoners held on each side without any formal negotiation as to their status. it is understood that the Confederate Government were ready to respond to it by an immediate delivery of prisoners. I have so informed Mr. Wood.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Inspector-General Seventh Army Corps.

FORT MONROE, October 5, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

Four transport with Confederate prisoners and a hospital steamer went up yesterday and to-day to Aiken's Landing all will bring down our prisoners. To what place shall they be sent?

W. M. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

---------------

* See Thomas to Stanton, October 14, p. 621.

---------------

