HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 6, 1862.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant in regard to the return of twenty-seven wagons and teams furnished by Major General A. P. Hill for the use of certain paroled officers of the U. S. Army. These wagons and teams are now on their return from Washington and are expected here in two days. Upon their arrival I will send them immediately to such place as you may in the meantime be pleased to designate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GOE. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHEAST DIST. OF MISSOURI, Numbers 6. Macon City, Mo., October 6, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Elliott D. Major, having once been in arms in rebellion against his lawful Government and having been pardoned for that offense and taken a solemn oath not to take up arms against the United States, was afterwards found in arms as a member of a guerrilla band and taken prisoner, and in accordance with the laws of war will be shot to death at or near Mexico, Mo., on Friday, the 10th instant, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3p. m., having incurred the just penalty of a violated parole and willful and intentional perjury.

This sentence will be duly carried into execution by the commanding officer of the troops at Mexico, Mo., for which this shall be his warrant.

By command of Brigadier General Lewis Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 6, [1862.]

Honorable S. DRAPER, Provost-Marshal-General, War Department.

SIR: I have heretofore sent to the Adjutant-General lists of persons to whom the oath of allegiance has been administered in Western Virginia; lists of those whom have given bond for their loyalty, the bonds being deposited with the clerk of the U. S. court for West Virginia; lists of those who have received permits to travel and have signed the conditions thereto attached; lists of those who have been paroled, &amp;c. Shall these now be sent to you? I think I should be authorized to issue orders that no prisoner properly arrested in West Virginia should be released without report to me.

This would secure to the Department full information of such matters here, prevent abuses and enable me to keep a complete record.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

