
NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., October 7, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

As I have deemed it advisable the following circular has been this day published from these headquarters, viz:

By direction of commanding general all paroled rebel prisoners to be returned to the enemy's lines whether wounded or otherwise will not be permitted to pass our lines to the front. All such prisoners will be sent to Frederick, Md., thence via Baltimore to Fort Monroe for return their own lines.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

G. B. McCLELLAN.

JACKSON, TENN., October 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

What shall be done with prisoners taken in the late engagement? Our advance in pursuit followed enemy's main column into Jonesborough last night. I have ordered their return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, October 7, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM F. MARTIN, Commanding Division of Pamlico.

SIR: Your communication of the 27th September, addressed to the commanding officer at Washington, was forward to me yesterday. I send to-day by flag of truce all the prisoners sent from Washington who are able to be moved at this time. I also sent the ambulances and beg leave to say that it was the intention of the commanding officer at Washington to send the ambulances with the first detachment of paroled wounded prisoners.

This fact was communicated to the surgeon in your service at the time. The other wounded prisoners will be sent out soon as they are able to be moved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: A report has been made to the War Department by Mr. A. W. Hendry, in part on his affidavit supported by the affidavit of James Conlon, both of Sandusky, that the rebel officers recently released from the Sandusky depot were permitted to purchase full suits of uniform to the number of 500, more or less, and that many of them wore this clothing when they left the island; that it was obtained from Sandusky, Columbus, New York and other cities, and that patterns and measures were sent through the mails from the island for these articles. Mr. Hendry states further that after the baggage had been started South a guard from the island was sent after it and took

