
from it about a car-load of Government property consisting of blankets, shoes and other articles. Please make me immediately a full report on this subject, giving all the particulars; if clothing of the kind stated was obtained say where from, from whom it was purchased, the quantity and how it was obtained. Establish your reports by affidavits. I will be in Detroit on Wednesday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 153. Washington, October 7, 1862.

The headquarters of Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, is transferred from Detroit, Mich., to Washington, D. C.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., October 8, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson:

Prisoners of war will be paroled and delivered to the enemy at some point within his lines. A receipted list must be taken in duplicate, and one copy sent to the Adjutant-General in order to effect an exchange. * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., October 8, 1862.

Adjutant-General L. THOMAS.

GENERAL: The transports have just returned here from Aiken's Landing bringing 718 of our released paroled prisoners, there being about twenty officers among them and not over 100 sick and wounded.

The well have been sent according to your orders to Annapolis.

There were delivered at Aiken's Landing of the Confederates 2,192 enlisted men, 82 officers and 19 contrabands, all sent from Fort Delaware. All the descriptive list of the above with paroles annexed are here.

Inclosed I send to you a letter* from Mr. Ould a copy of which I have retained.

The frequency alluded to of sending up the flag of truce has been made necessary by the sending here without notice from places at the North of small detachments of prisoners, and there being no place of confinement here but the guard-house, Fort Wool having been transferred over to the engineer department.

There will be no difficulty in arranging the matter of exchange of citizen prisoners. The complaint made by Mr. Ould is based upon the abuse prisoners. The complaint made by Mr. Ould is based upon the abuse by subordinate officers of their military power in making arbitrary arrests. The same abuse existed in this department until abolished

---------------

* Omitted here; see Ould to Ludlow, October 5, p. 600.

---------------

