
by Major-General Dix. As the attention and action of the Government will be invited to and upon the several other points of Mr. Ould's communication it would probably be indelicate or improper for me to offer any suggestions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General Seventh Army Corps.

P. S. -The nineteen contrabands sent from Fort Delaware to Aiken's Landing were represented by the officer in charge as having been taken on or near the battle-field and acting as teamers. They insisted upon being sent.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHERN MISSOURI,Camp Blunt, October 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT, Commanding Kansas Division.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date the general commanding directs me to say that it is his intention to send a flag of truce fro the purpose of perfecting an exchange of prisoners as soon as he is in a position to do so.

Your will please make out a list of prisoners in your hands subject to exchange, as also the names of our men now held as prisoners by the enemy, and forward to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ALLEN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Sioux war may be considered at the end. We have about 1,500 prisoners, men, women and children, and many are coming every day to deliver themselves up. Many are being tried by military commission for being connected in the late horrible outrages and will be executed. I have disarmed all and will bring them down to Fort Snelling until the Government shall decide what to do with them. I have seized and am trying a number of Winnebagoes who were engaged with the Sioux. The cavalry forces marched immediately for the Yankton village and will arrest the perpetrators of the murders at Spirit Lake. Posts must be kept up along the frontier this winter to induce the settlers to go back. They are already returning in large numbers. It will in all views be advisable in the spring to make strong military demonstrations on the plains. The Indians are greatly terrified. I have destroyed all the fields and property of the Sioux. An expedition must be made to Red Lake as soon as possible. I am sending one into the Chippewa country.

JOHN POPE.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 9, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Washington.

GENERAL: On the 21st of August I was unfortunate enough to be taken prisoners in an affair at Gallatin where the greater portion of my

