
command behaved in a disgraceful manner. I was paroled for forty days, at the expiration of which time I was to report at Richmond, Va. I visited Washington to get to see you in regard to an exchange. You were absent from the city, but the Secretary of War gave me an order to Colonel Hoffman or any U. S. officer having charge of prisoners of war to make a special exchange for me on the basis of the cartel. Major-General Wright kindly took the matter in hand but has received no reply from the rebels. When General Buel was in this city he issued an order restoring me to duty agreeably to article 5 of the cartel, but General Bragg who has not been furnished with the agreement for the exchange of prisoners I suppose declined to allow me to be thus exchanged, whereupon General Buell notified me to continue on parole pending further negotiations in my case. He at once sent a copy of the cartel to Bragg, but since that time I have heard nothing in the case. I am expecting to hear from General Buell every day, but not knowing when I shall hear I have thought it proper to make this statement in order that you may know where I am. General Buell told me that the agreement for the exchange of prisoners requiring all to be exchanged or paroled within ten days after capture would render it unnecessary for me to report at Richmond, Va., agreeably to promise. I am very anxious to get on duty again and if you can help me in this matter I shall esteem it a personal favor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CORINTH, October 9, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Paroled now 813 enlisted men, 43 commissioned officers, in good health; about 700 Confederate wounded, already sent to Iowa, paroled; 350 wounded paroled here; cannot tell the number of dead yet. About 800 Confederate already buried; their loss about eight or ten to one of ours. Prisoners arriving by every wagon road and train; will send full reports as soon as possible. No return yet from the hospital. The woods stink yet with unburied dead. Oglesby shot through the breast and ball lodged in the spine; hope for his recovery. No news from Rosecrans. I understand Hamilton's division, my regiment, and others left Rienzi yesterday at 4 p. m. for the West; nothing authentic from them. Hillver is here. Shall I send any wounded Confederate to Saint Louis? Our hospitals are full of them. McKean telegraphic me he will be here this night.

P. E. BURKE,

Colonel Western Sharpshooters, 14th Missouri Vols., Commanding

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., October 9, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

The provost-general at Saint Louis requires of the me to make reports every two weeks of all prisoners received and released, and in short everything that you require, and he also claims entire control as I understand of the prison by sending orders by persons for the let them visit their friends in prison, which orders I have protested against as I have received my instructions from your in print and otherwise, and

