
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 24, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners, Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: I this morning telegraphed you to suspend the transfer of prisoners to Fort Warren, and the movement will only be made at a future day on reliable evidence of its urgent necessity and then singling out the leading spirits. Don't mention this. For individual cases of turbulence you have a remedy at hand in your prison.

I referred Mr. Johnson to you in relation to the washing for the hospital and prisoners. Establish rates by the month for the hospital and by the piece for the prisoners who are able to pay for their own washing. For those who are destitute of money make some arrangements for them to wash for themselves at the bay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eight Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DETACH. 13TH Regiment CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Camp at Rolla, June 24, 1862.

Colonel BOYD.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of trip to Texas County: Arrested Colonel Best, from Livingston County, Mo. (in citizen's dress), with package of letters from Confederate Army. I herewith send package. They tell us of officers and men who have come back in different parts of State. Colonel Chiles' letter intimates, besides I get from Colonel Best, that most of the Missouri troops were coming to Mississippi River with Texas and Arkansas troops. The colonel has passes as William Morris, but before I found his name in letters found men that knew him. Passes inclosed. Found Confederate money on him, here inclosed.

I arrested also Moses Bradford, the noted guerrilla. He has caused us much trouble to run after him. He will cause us no more. I have James W. Tinsley, fed Coleman's men; I have John M. Richardson, fed Coleman's men; I have J. S. Halbert, Southern Army; knew of Coleman's men; did not give information. I shall keep these three for information and may yet fasten enough on them to shoot them. I will not trouble you with the real ones.

I arrested a minister and congregation at the place where the Reverend Wood, who was shot by Kansas Fifth, was to have preached, and preached first to the minister then to the congregation. A more attentive audience never listened to man. I told them that they had to prove by acts that they loved our Government and we would protect them and their property. I drew more tears than the minister. Left my men (eighty) at Crow's Station to bring in all who have made threats about Reverend Wood's death. Will read orders to them to-night. Will go to Hartville, Wright County, and read orders. There is a rebel force there. They have shot two Union men there. I make the rebels I shoot tell me all. I came in with letters and for more provisions and comparing information. Will shoot Best after get all from him.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. TOMPKINS,

Major, Commanding Detachment 13th Reg. Cav., Missouri State Militia.

