
Noble brought back four. Deducting these from fifty-two leaves you twenty-three privates in my debt, which I trust you will return soon. If you sent more than equivalent I will respond as before, as I have a number accumulated.

I am requested to intercede for a private citizen, one G. Van Riper, a cotton dealer who was taken in Arkansas opposite Memphis some time ago; he is no doubt a merchant employe and nothing else. I pledge my honor that he was in no way in my employ or in the employ of an officer of my command, and I had command of all the troops in Arkansas when he was captured. I do not know the man, but intercede at the instance of his friends who say his mother depends on his service; that he came out as the agent of a New York house to buy cotton and for that purpose ventured into the lines of your pickets.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General LEWIS MERRILL,

Commanding Northeast District of Missouri.

SIR: I am this moment in receipt of a letter from General Guita, of which I inclose a copy. I have referred the letter and the subject to Major-General Curtis. I will say, however, that in my letter to General Guitar I expressly disclaimed any intention to interfere, not with your discretion, but his, in the treatment of prisoners. This you will see by a copy of my letter* to him, also inclosed herewith. All question of interference therefore being set aside, I take the liberty of saying to you in precisely the same manner as if we discussing orally the best mode of dealing with these prisoners, as a practical measure, that I would strongly recommend the treatment which I named to General Guitar. You will observe that my recommendation to him is very guarded. I am bound to say that my views are also strengthened by the concurrence of General Guitar. The only really delicate matter is the determination of a proper case for the extension of lenity, and this is necessarily (and as far as I am concerned expressly) committed to the discretion of the military commander. The party must have been guilty of no outrage or act of violence; he must have been the dupe of his own misconceptions or of evil counsel to go the brush, and must have heartily repented and turned from his transgression, voluntarily surrendering himself and giving assurance satisfactory to the officer admitting his parole that he will observe its terms. Surely such a man should not be treated with severity when so many persons, proper subjects of punishment, about.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GRANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General for Missouri and Iowa.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, Mo., October 8, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS T. GRANTT, Provost-Marshal-General.

SIR: Knowing the onerous and laborious position you occupy I dislike very much to trespass upon your attention, but the importance of the subject renders it imperative that I should do so. I wrote you and received your response in regard to what disposition should be made of prisoners surrendering themselves voluntarily and who have

---------------

* Omitted here; see Grantt to Guitar, September 24, p. 553.

---------------

