
us respectfully and the citizens along the whole route evinced much sympathy for our unfortunate soldiers, and treated them with the kindest hospitality.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMONT,

Medical Director, Right Wing, Fourteenth Army Corps.

NOTE. -The foregoing report has been delayed owing to the following circumstances: On my return from Richmond with the last load of our wounded soldiers at Lexington, October 12, I received reliable intelligence that the rebels were preparing to evacuate Camp Dick Robinson and were already retreating toward the Gap hoping to avoid an engagement with General Buell's army. Believing that this intelligence would be of importance to the commander of our forces I determined to convey it in person, and consigning the wounded to the care of the surgeon accompanying the train I crossed the Kentucky River that night and joined our army at Harrondsburg by dawn next morning. My baggage containing the materials of this report was left at Lexington and was forwarded to me only a few days ago.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, December 21, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners. The only men to whom furloughs were given were those belonging to Indiana regiments enlisted upon the promise that they should have a few days to visit their homes and arrange their business before being sent into the field, to which twenty days were given, unless sooner exchanged, at the expiration of which they were to report to the commanding officer at Camp Chase, Ohio.

By command of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OF PRISONERS,

December 27, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL DIST. OF MISSOURI AND IOWA,

Saint Louis, Mo., October 10, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith to inclose for your perusal the letter* of General Guitar on the treatment of a certain class of prisoners. You will perceive from the letter the terms of that which I wrote to him. I would be glad to know whether I correctly interpreted you wishes as to the treatment of the description of prisoners of whom General Guitar speaks.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GRANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

* Omitted here; Guitar to Gantt, October 8, as inclosure to letter of Gantt to Merrill, October 10, p. 610.

---------------

