
[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, October 12, 1862.

The proper plan to determine as to prisoners is generally in the neighborhood where they are taken. General Guitar seems to be a competent judge. When men surrender with their arms, or with satisfactory proof of actual submission to the Constitution and law, I would on oath and bond release them. I regret this matter did not come before me soon enough to meet the day appointed for return of prisoners.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., October 11, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR, Helena, Ark.

GENERAL: General Hindman has written concerning a prisoner, Private Peebles, who he says was taken by Colonel Fitch and tried to the wheel-house to be shot at by the rebels. Try to ascertain what was done with him. He also hears that a Lieutenant Tolleson is held as a prisoners sentenced to be shot; also that Samuel Berry, a citizen of Arkansas, was murdered at Council Bend by our troops. I am told Berry was shot at by the stragglers who were in the expedition that was commanded by Colonel Thayer while I was absent.

I have sent replies to Hindman through General Sherman, to whom Hindman wrote. If you can report promptly to General Sherman concerning these matters your report could go out with the communications which General Sherman will send. Send me a copy of your report.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 11, 1862. -For Major General Th. H. Holmes, C. S. Army, to Major General S. R. Curtis, U. S. Army, relating to the conduct of the war in Arkansas, see Series I, Vol. XIII, p. 726.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governor District of Columbia.

GENERAL: The Adjutant-General expecting very soon to go to James River on business connected with exchange of prisoners requests you will send him a list of the prisoners lately released by you, and also such account of the transaction as will be useful to him in communicating with the other commissioner. He also desires any prisoners of war who may now be here to be sent to Fort Monroe for exchange.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

