
Not hearing from the Headquarters of the Army, General Halleck on the 10th of March, 1862, authorized Colonel Mulligan to fill up his regiment by the enlisted of paroled prisoners and gave instructions in relation thereto.

The decision of the War Department was received March 15, 1862, prohibiting the enlistment of prisoners of war. Colonel Mulligan was directed to govern himself accordingly.

The foregoing statement is made from the records of the Department of the Mississippi.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 11, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: According to the terms of the cartel agreed upon between General Dix and General Hill on the 22nd of July, 1862, all prisoners of war are to be discharged on parole in ten days after their capture (article 4). By fourth subdivision of article 6 it appears that privates as well as officers are supposed to be admissible to parole. There are here several officers and privates of the Confederate services in confinement as prisoners of war. These have captured more than ten days. It seem to me that these men are entitled to be released on parole, but that has not been the practice of this office hitherto. Before acting on what seems to be a clear provision of the cartel I beg to know whether my views are approved by the major-general commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 12, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Commanding.

GENERAL: Since writing the accompanying note Mr. Speed informs me that provost-marshal in Kentucky have in many instances made arrests and released the prisoners upon receiving a sum of money, thus abusing their authority for sordid and oppressive purposes. Such acts are regarded as inexcusable outrages. You will please cause inquiry to be made and report to this Department in order that redress may be afforded.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 12, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Complaint has been made to this Department of the conduct of provost-marshals appointed by General Boyle as being rigorously and excessively arbitrary and harassing to the people of Kentucky. The State of Kentucky being in your command the subject properly belongs to your supervision, and any evil found to exist by reason of improper appointments or abuse of authority by arrests or exactions should be promptly corrected. The President theretofore desires you to give immediate attention to this subject, reporting your action thereon.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

