
been placed in my hands. As far as practicable it is desirable that only such prisoners be sent to Alton as will probably remain in custody some time, for under my instructions none can be released from there without the authority of the War Department. If this is not practicable in your department I wish you would make such suggestions to meet the case as you think proper and I will lay them before the Secretary of War. The Gratiot Street Prison should be used for casual prisoners and for such as have their cases under investigation. All military prisoners should be sent to Alton. In every case where prisoners are sent to Alton a full list should accompany them, giving all the details required by the printed rolls with the charges or sentences under the head of remarks. It is reported to me that prisoners are something received without even a roll. Prisoners should be sent up to arrive during the daytime if possible. Visitors to prisoners are prohibited except under specified circumstances and I request you will give no permit for that purpose. The admission of visitors to the prisons is attended with much inconvenience and leads to lax discipline.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Wilmington, Del., October 13, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

SIR: On or about the 15th day of March last past Thomas F. Bayard of this city was arrested by Colonel Wallace, of the Maryland Home Guard, under orders from Brigadier-General Lockwood for and because the said Thomas F. Bayard as virtual captain of a company of disloyal persons refused to deliver up certain arms of the United States them in their possession. The said Thomas F. Bayard was afterwards paroled by you at the time this military district was under your command.

Will you be pleased to inform me whether Mr. Bayard has been released from his parole, and oblige,

Yours, very respectfully,

JAS. C. AIKIN,

U. S. Marshal, Delaware.

N. B. -There is still out in the hands of the company about twenty U. S. guns hidden by them.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., October 13, 1862.

Adjutant-General L. THOMAS.

GENERAL: There arrived here this morning from Aiken's Landing 232 officers captured at Shiloh and 101 privates, all of whom have been confined at Madison, Ga. I am informed that a large number of our prisoners will arrive at Richmond in a few days. Unless Mr. Ould has changed his mind the above-named officers can be immediately exchanged. Generals Prentiss and Crittended are among them and I showed them the general order which declared them exchanged. The Confederate Government now prescribes the following form of parole, which was signed by these prisoners:

We the undersigned solemnly swear and pledge our sacred word of honor that we will not during the existing hostilities between the United States and the Confederate States of America aid or abet the enemies of said Confederate States or any of hem in any form or manner whatsoever until or exchanged.

