
[Indorsement.]

Respectfully considered and forwarded to Brigadier-General Schofield, with many letters, &amp;c.

S. H. BOYD,

Colonel, Commanding.

128 BROADWAY [NEW YORK CITY], June 24, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: On yesterday Jules, the colored servant of Mr. Soule, now confined at Fort Lafayette, called upon me complaining that he could not have access to his master and desiring me to aid him in that behalf. I therefore addressed a note to Mr. Soule stating that I would see him whenever the authorities gave permission, my object being to explain to him my views that the Government was right in refusing to permit him to hold levees in Fort Lafayette. On the same day Mr. Henry Harrise, a Frenchman who has a desk in my office and who is as I am informed a personal friend of Mr. Soule, obtained from Reverdy Johnson a dispatch for Mr. Stanton, of the War Office, stating that Soule was sick and desiring that Jules and himself might have permission to be with him. The servant Jules at the same time stated to me that he had then just returned from Fort Lafayette with the information that Soule was well.

I think it will be found that there will continue to be a regular correspondence between Soule and his friends in this city and New Orleans so long as any parties excepting only the officers of the Government shall be permitted to have access to him. Some of his relations are now here on their way to Europe. His son, Nelvin Soule, formerly a colonel in the Confederate Army and like his father present at Bull Run, is expected here from New Orleans in a few days. If correspondence between Pierre Soule and his Southern friends continue to be carried out either through Harrise or others the Government will have only itself to blame. It will not be possible to stop such correspondence so long as the servant and others shall be permitted to run to and fro between here and the fort.

Yours, respectfully and confidentially,

JOHN LIVINGSTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 25, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

I beg leave to call your attention to the following telegram just received:
HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, June 24, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

There has lately arrived in this vicinity a large number of escaped prisoners from Camps Douglas and Chase by bribing the guards at Camp Douglas. A young man by the name of Smith who lives in Chicago furnishes assistance. The sutler in the camp knowingly sells them clothing to disguise themselves. What disposition shall I make of these prisoners should I arrest them again?

JAS. S. NEGLEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I would request that you make an immediate investigation and report upon the facts above states and take measures if in your power to prevent the mischief.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

