
This alteration from the previous from, which followed the cartel, is ascribed by their papers to the reported use of the Harper's Ferry prisoners against the Indians. There are many points and suggestion connected with these exchange which I will reserve for a personal interview. Among them is the great desirability of a charge of the place of delivery to City Point, a change whose necessity is anticipated by the terms of the cartel. Mr. Ould has expressed to me a willingness to make it. The wharves where, mostly destroyed by the Confederates, can be easily repaired by them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Harrisburg, Pa., October 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I inclose petition* of Pennsylvania now at Annapolis as paroled prisoners. I earnestly ask that the people of this State now at Annapolis be brought within our borders. All they say of the treatment they receive is true and many of them would prefer to be returned to Richmond. These men deserve better treatment and their reasonable demands should be promptly answered by the Government. These details cannot receive your personal supervision, and you can only get knowledge from the officials in charge of the men. I hear of the condition of these paroled prisoners so often and am so fully convinced of the unjust treatment that I feel it my duty to press the change of place and the amelioration of their condition earnestly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., October 14, 1862.

JAMES C. AIKIN, Esq., [U. S.] Marshal of Delaware.

SIR: I do not remember the condition of Mr. Bayard's release or whether he gave a parole. If he did it must have to do no act of hostility of the United States and is a subsisting obligation unless he has been discharged from it by my successor, General Wool, or the authorities at Washington.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, October 14, 1862.

Major-General GRANT:

Another cause for remonstrance with the Confederate authorities is that our prisoners report that they do not give them food for a day or two after they are first taken and then a very inadequate and inferior allowance. Their attenuated features bear testimony to the fact that they are treated more as criminals than as prisoners of war.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

