
ANNAPOLIS, MD., October 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have just arrived with Shiloh officers from Georgia. Can we proceed to Washington to be provided for? We are suffering. General Crittenden with officers is also here and in same condition.

Please answer.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 14, 1862.

Hon E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In submitting the communication of the 5th instant of Robert Ould, esq., agent for the exchange of prisoners, addressed to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, acting for me, I beg leave to submit the following remarks on the nine points of complaint presented by him:

1. The arrest of citizens in Missouri deemed to be disloyal had recently been made and many of them have been required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and to give bonds. This course the Government has a perfect right to pursue in that State.

2. Officers and men of the Missouri State Guard should be placed on the same footing with other prisoners of war. If any such prisoners are now held in confinement they should be paroled and sent South for exchange. Inquiry has been made to ascertain if any such prisoners are in our possession.

3. The commanding officer of Fort Lafayette has been called upon to report in the case of Captain D. B. Vincent, commander of the merchant vessel Emily. It what way are the crews of vessels captured in attempting to run the blockade to be regarded?

4. Partisan rangers and independent companies properly authorized and whose officers are duly commissioned should be placed on the same footing as other Confederate troops. One such company was authorized by the War Department to operate in the mountain of Virginia-that of Captain Means. The cases mentioned by Mr. Ould will be investigated.

5. The three persons named with some 100 other citizen prisoners have recently been sent from this city to Aiken's Landing to be exchanged. In a number of instances citizens have been arrested and held as hostages for the delivery of Union citizens. It is often necessary to arrest citizens when troops are advancing to prevent their giving information to the enemy.

6. Instructions have been sent to Major-General Butler to promptly parole all prisoners of war and to send them across his lines for exchange.

7. The troops paroled at Harper's Ferry, except four regiments, were recently sent form Annapolis to Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill., preparatory to being sent to Minnesota to act against Indians. Their employment again Indians would seem to be contrary to the fourth article of the cartel.

8. Orders were recently issued to send all the prisoners of war on the Atlantic seaboard to Fort Monroe and it appears that on their arrival General Dix forwarded them to Aiken's Landing, he having no suitable place to confine them at the fort.

