
9. Large numbers of citizens of Union sentiments are believed to have been arrested and imprisoned in the rebel States. In some cases our authorities have arrested rebel citizens and held them as hostages for the delivery of such Union prisoners.

It will be seen by Colonel Ludlow's letter of transmittal that among the prisoners sent from Fort Delaware and delivered at Aiken's Landing were nineteen contrabands, captured as teamsters on or near the battle-field. Am I to exchange such persons as prisoners of war?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DIVISION OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 14, 1862.

Colonel E. C. CATHERWOOD, Commanding Post of Sedalia.

COLONEL: Yours of date 13th instant is just received. You will hold you prisoners under a safe and reliable guard, allowing no intercourse between them and outsiders. I will send you specific orders in relation to the manner of their final disposition but it is not prudent to do so at present. Hereafter you will cause all persons who have violated their oath of allegiance by taking up arms and where the proof is clear to be executed on your own order, showing the facts on its face which induced you to issue the order. You will remain at Sedalia and will make such arrangements as are necessary to secure the post of Sedalia in case it is attacked. Defer as long as possible to call in the outposts from Calhoun and Warrensburg. Operations will be instituted from the North which will permanently settle this disturbance in a very short time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, October 14, 1862.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.

GENERAL: I forward by flag of truce four ladies and two children who wish to go to the United States.

Colonel S. D. Pool, Tenth Regiment North Carolina Troops, who was sent a few days ago with a letter requesting you to send beyond your lines those who were taken prisoners at Fort Macon, reports that in conversation with Major Hoffman of your staff on this subject:

I learned that no man although regularly exchanged would be sent out of their lines unless he expressed his willingness to come, but that credit would be given to the Confederate for every soldier thus retained. In reply to my objections to this being practicable, for reason that we had a large excess of prisoners and that months must elapse before they could give us the credit spoken of while in the meantime they had received and were using against us on the battlefield the very men we had given in exchange for those they were retaining within their lines, the major replied that no cases of the kind had occurred any where else than in North Carolina and that they had determined to gain these men as citizens, losing for them and equal number of soldiers. This he thought was General Foster's determination, but should he find that he had mistaken the general's views he would communicated with us by flag immediately upon his return to New Berne

