
As there are several men still within your lines who were taken prisoners at Fort Macon I would be glad to know if you intend to hold them as citizens as stated above by Major Hoffman or send them beyond your lines in accordance with the cartel of exchange.

I would be glad if you would send beyond your lines for exchange George F. Hurst, Sixteenth Regiment North Carolina Militia, taken prisoner at New Berne and now on parole within the limits of the town of New Berne.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Detroit, Mich.:

Are any of the officers and men of the Missouri State Guard now held in confinement at Johnston's Island or elsewhere; and if so, why have they not been sent home on parole?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1862.

Government O. P. MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Your Excellency can do nothing to hasten the exchange of Indiana prisoners. I will do all that can be done.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 14, 1862.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

In late battle at Perryville I was disabled temporarily and taken prisoner. I shall be ready for duty in a few days. Am most anxious to rejoin my command. Cannot my exchange be effected at once?

Colonel Scott, Louisiana cavalry, of my rank, is said to be a prisoner. Place answer me at Cincinnati.

W. H. LYTLE,

Seventh Brigade, Colonel Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, October 14, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 11th instant. In reply:

1. The paroled prisoners have been removed by Major-General Wallace from this post to Camp Wallace and placed under command of Brigadier-General Cooper. I will notify General Cooper concerning Private John Williams.

2. Please send me by express 200 blank rolls; we are out of them and as soon as they arrive will have rolls made up for you of each detachment of prisoners sent for exchange, including forty-nine forwarded last night and including the last detachment to Johnson's Island under Captain Moon.

