
3. The camps named will be turned over to the post quartermaster for troops and his receipt taken for them. Herewith please notice estimate* for clothing for prisoners under my charge. This estimate is based upon the supposition that the number and condition of the prisoners will be about the same through the winter as now-say from 700 to 900 in number. Many of them are very needy now, and I would suggest that what clothing is allowed them be ordered so as to arrive as quickly as possible.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

PETER ZINN,

Major Governor's Guards, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 15, 1862.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio:

The order suspending the writ of habeas corpus applies to all cases of imprisonment or detention by military authority, and under no consideration can the writ of habeas corpus be allowed to release or interfere with soldiers in camp. Whatever power is required should be exerted to recover the soldiers taken from Camp Chase and to prevent similar proceedings in future.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, October 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

What shall be done with the negro slaves captured with the Third Georgia Cavalry? Can the prisoners take them or sell them or shall they be turned loose?

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 15, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW,

Inspector-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

I expected to leave to-day to meet Mr. Ould but shall certainly go down in a day or two. I do not wish you to make any exchange till I arrive.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., October 15, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEEDLEY,

Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAPTAIN: You will proceed to Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio and make an examination into the condition of the military and political prisoners confined there and also as to the manner in which the

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

