
duties of the guard are performed. You will consult with the commanding officer, Major Zinn, as to the number of employees necessary for the office and other duties connected with the charge of the prisoners, and see that only what are indispensably necessary are employed, and that not over 40 cents extra per day be allowed unless for special reasons and with my approbation. Require that the Farmer boilers shall be used for cooking purposes, and if they are needed direct those purchased at Camp Bulter for the use of prisoners to be sent to Camp Chase. Inquire on what scale rations are issued and see that nothing more than is necessary be allowed. Examine into the condition of the funds and the manner of keeping accounts. Ascertain if there are any irregular military prisoners held at Camp Chase and obtain their numbers and organizations. Major Zinn may, if necessary, purchase a small safe for the use of his office and part of the compensation for the mail carrier may be paid out of the prisoners' fund. On completing this service you will report to me in Washington, D. C.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., October 15, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS.

GENERAL: I have just received your telegram of this date. No exchanges have been made by me since I last saw you, as I thought it better to act under your specific direction in making them. Besides, the information and papers here were not specific enough to act understandingly upon.

Another detachment of paroled Confederate prisoners, 198 in number, go up to Aiken's Landing to-day. They were sent here from Baltimore.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, October 15, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I addressed Major-General Curtis on the 13th instant on the subject of the indefiniteness of the powers and duties of the provost-marshal-general. The inclosed letter* from the commissary-general of prisoners shows a very inconvenient conflict between his authority and mine and illustrates the necessity of a definition of doubtful powers. I there be anything which is essential to the due administration of this office it is the control of the military prisons within the district. I cannot perceive how I can exercise any authority over the prison at Gration street if I have no power over that Alton. Both are equally within my district. Alton is a much within the Department of the Missouri as is Saint Louis. There are many prisoners at Alton who will be discharged on parole and bond-some on parole alone and some unconditionally-as soon as their cases can be reached and examined. If these persons are to be retained until the Secretary of War can examine into the cause of their detention their case is very pitiable.

---------------

* Omitted here; Hoffman to Gantt, October 13, p. 618.

---------------

40 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

