
Under these circumstances I solicit instructions from the major-general commanding as to the authority I may exercise over the Alton Military Prison.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General District of Missouri and Iowa.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, October 15, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

SIR: I have just received your letter of 13th instant. The view you take of the control of the prisons within this district will lead to much inconvenience. I have not been furnished with the orders you mention from the War Department and was not aware of them, but an order issued by Major-General Halleck in July last expressly placed all the military prisons within this district under charge of this office. This district them included Alton, as it still does. The same rule which would exclude me from control of the Alton Military Prison would deprive me of all authority over the Gration Street Military Prison. There are now at Alton a number of prisoners sent there merely because of the overcrowded condition of the Gratiot Street Prison. As fast as I can examine into the evidence against these persons and in many instances find no cause for detaining them if they will give their parole and found for future good behavior. To detain these prisoners until the War Department can act upon their cases will be the occasion of very disproportionate imprisonment.

In no case have prisoners been sent to Alton from this office without a fully list setting fort the charge and evidence, but numbers have been sent from Tennessee, Kentucky and Arkansas directly in which as I learn this has been neglected. I speak of this office only since it has been under my charge. Of course if it be determined that the Alton Prison is no under my control no further permits to visit if will be given by this office. On this head I shall seek the instructions of the major-general commanding the department, with includes Alton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General for Missouri, Iowa and Alton.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Iowa City, October 16, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Washington, City, D. C.

SIR: Allow me again to call your attention to the officers and men from this State taken prisoners at Belmont and Shiloh and to solicit your good offices for their speedy exchange. Quite a number of privates of the Eighth, Twelfth and Fourteenth Iowa Regiments have been paroled and have been in Benton Barracks for some time. Can't they be exchange and be put to service? I trust the multiplicity of affairs pressing on your attention will not prevent this matter from receiving early consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

