
cavalry into Iuka, of which Doctor Bond of your forces has been obliged to complain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp at Helena, Ark., October 16, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith list* of killed, wounded and missing in the skirmish of October 11, 1862. I sent the general yesterday a letter from myself and also one which came by flag of truce from General Holmes. To-day I send at the prisoners I have here on account of General Holmes' statement that he has placed those taken from us in close confinement, and their fate will depend on General Curtis' answer. I inclose copy of my letter to Holmes acknowledging the receipt of his. The sentiments expressed are my own and do not bind General Curtis to any course.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp at Helena, Ark., October 15, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES, Little Rock, Ark.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated Little Rock, October 11, 1862, inclosing one for Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding the Department of the Missouri, for my perusal and transmission to him. I shall transmit your letter by the earliest opportunity. It speaks of two inclosures, which were not found in the envelope. I have some prisoners, including Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings, Twenty-first Texas [Cavalry], whom I should have been glad to return with your flag for exchange, but as you state in your letter to General Curtis that you have ordered all the prisoners taken from us now in your hands into close confinement (in violation of the cartel) to await his answer I shall of course be obliged to place my prisoners taken from you in the same position and shall send them to Saint Louis to be placed at the disposition of Major-General Curtis. Permit me to say that I deprecate as much as you can the introduction into our unfortunate war of any practices not tolerated by the usages of civilized nations. It has been reported to me that some of the prisoners taken by the Twenty-first Texas on the 11th instant were murdered after they had surrendered and given up their arms; also that Major Rector, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, was treated with great indignity. I was tempted to retaliate on Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings and his party, but concluded to wait for an opportunity to ask an explanation and redressed of the above grievance, which I now request you to furnish. Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings and his party and all prisoners in our hands have been treated with all the kindness consistent with security. Though it may not be my provide to answer your letter to General Curtis, permit me to say from my own knowledge: First. That no arms have been issued by Federal officers to negroes in this part of Arkansas;

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

