
SAINT LOUIS, October 18, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I experience some difficulty in dealing with prisoners of war confined at Gratiot Street Prison. I have not received an official copy of the cartel for the exchange of prisoners, but a newspaper report of its tenor informs me that "all prisoners of war are to be discharged on parole ten days after their capture" and the terms of the cartel as reported extend to privates as well as to commissioned officers. There are prisoners here whom General Curtis does no think it proper to parole-indeed, he declares himself opposed to the paroling of any unless with a view to their departure from our lines. But the prisoners claim their parole under the cartel. I beg to be informed whether those now in confinement as prisoners of war who have been captured more than ten days are entitled of right to be discharged on parole under the cartel, and whether the circumstance of there being no transportation ready to convey them to Vicksburg will justify the refusal of their discharge on parole. I make this inquiry of you because an order from headquarters of the Department of the Mississippi places all prisoners in this department under my care. This was prior to the arrangement of the cartel in July, but this does not prevent my being continually applied to as if my powers in this respect were plenary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General for Missouri and Iowa.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1862.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have the honor to return by Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Myers, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, twenty-seven wagons and tams furnished by General A. P. Hill at Harper's Ferry in September last for the transportation of private baggage belonging to certain paroled officers of the U. S. Army passing to within our lines. In so doing I desire to express my appreciation of the courtesy thus extended to these officers and to request that you will convey the same to General Hill with my thanks for his action in the matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GOE. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 19, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District of Tennessee, Jackson, Tenn.:

I call your attention to the fact that rebel paroled prisoner have come through your lines to these headquarters. Doctor Scott was sent back yesterday and Private Bacon here to-day will be put in confinement if he does not take an oath of allegiance and give bond to my satisfaction for his good behavior. I do not understand that paroled enemies are to remain in our lines, but on their own side. Doctor Scot came with a provost-marshal's pass on parole from General Rosecrans' headquarters.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

