HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DISTRICT,Macon City, Mo., October 19, 1862.

Colonel S. M. WIRT,

Commanding Knox County Enrolled Missouri Militia.

COLONEL: A letter was sent you to-day by mail in reply to your former communication in regard to the surrender of prisoners. It will be modified this far: I have no authority to say that they will be exchange and do not think such authority will be given. If, however, they will surrender you may say to them that they will be held as prisoners and not executed. Such of them as have violated their parole will be held until they have received the punishment due to their offense by imprisonment, and if the President chooses to sanction it will be exchanged. This last I cannot promise them, however. As soon as I am satisfied that bushwhacking has ceased those will be released upon parole and bond who have not heretofore engaged in any raid or for whom this is the first offense. They will, however, be held in confinement until I am satisfied that the influences which have been used to drive them to the brush no longer are in existence. These are the most favorable terms that can well be offered them. You will be allowed all reasonable discretion in treating with them, remembering that it is cheaper to feed them than to fight them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Macon City., Mo., October 19, 1862.

Colonel S. M. WIRT, Enrolled Militia, Edina, Mo.

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that you are authorized to permit the surrender of all bushwhackers except Franklin, Porter, Dunn and Ralph Smith upon the following conditions:

1. The lives of all who surrender will be spared.

2. All who surrender will be held as prisoners of war, and as soon as the conduct of their fellows in the brush warrants the belief that bushwhacking will stop such of them as have not heretofore violated their parole will be released upon parole and bond. You will require such as surrender to bring in their horses and arms and will prefer their surrendering in companies.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HOUSTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHNSTON'S ISLAND, Near Sandusky, October 19, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: We the undersigned prisoners of war, do most respectfully represent that while we were confined in the military prisons at Louisville, Ky., in August last, we were required by the authorities of the prison to surrender our money and were promised that it should be returned to us or kept for our use. We thus gave up the sum in the

