
aggregate, as required, of $800. This was represented to us to be by the order of General J. T. Boyle. Afterwards, when we were removed from the prison at Louisville to Camp Chase we were informed that by the order of General Boyle our money had been confiscated. We cannot believe that the Government of the United States would permit prisoners to be deprived of their property in this manner without a trial or condemnation. To have the money they had provided to purchase the necessaries while in prison taken from them we are reluctant to believe would be authorized by the Government. We would therefore, sir, respectfully, call your attention to the fact and request that some remedy may be provided whereby we may be reimbursed for our losses, that our money may be returned to us.

Hoping that this may call for your early attention, we are, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. Young, gold $125, paper $35; D. R. Shindler, $325; Jas. M. Rice, $36; William McClaskey, $9; Dock Callaway, note $5,000, $86; J. M. McCoy, $45; Charles H. Shively, $39; John Chandler, $10,50; William Polesgrove, $8; William L. Swindler, $48 gold, $25 silver; $20 paper; Joseph H. Smith, $12; D. B. Merrifield, $15; S. F. Wilkinson, $10; John Edwards, $12.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General J. T. Boyle for information.

By order:

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Comissary-General of Prisoners.

JACKSON, TENN., October 20, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have given no authority for paroled prisoners to go North. None have been permitted to go who declined being paroled, but wanted to take the oath of allegiance and get where they could not be made to serve again.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 20, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

The Saint Louis Democrat reports the arrest of Dr. Joseph Scott by Major McConnel, who it seems declares that General Rosecrans had no right to take his parole. Medical offices are exempt from capture. Doctor Scott, unquestionably a man of a honor, gave parole of a most solemn character to abstain from every act that could do mischief and from talking about army persons or army matters, under which he was permitted to go. Of course I did not assume the right to admit Doctor Scott within your department. I think it would be both just and polite that he should be notified in case of your refusal and permitted to return within the limits of this command.

W. S. RESECRANS,

Major-General.

