HEADQUARTERS, U. S. FORCES,Portland, Ohio, October 20, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff,

Hdqrs. Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose you four lists,* marked respectively A, B, C and D, showing the condition of the exchanges of prisoners of war made by me.

Schedule A contains the names of 315 U. S. officers and soldiers, equivalent in value to 445 privates, who were captured by the enemy at various times and whom I exchanged for 317 Confederate officers and soldiers captured by me of the same equivalent in value and whose names will be found on Schedule B.

Schedule C contains the names of 33 U. S. officers and soldiers, equivalent in value to 39 privates, who were captured in hospital and paroled by the enemy who gave those who were able passed to go to their homes, and the most of them have availed themselves of the opportunity. Those who have not are doubtless yet at Barboursville, Ky., where they were captured.

Schedule D contains the names of 92 Confederate officers and soldiers, equivalent to 103 privates, captured by me while at Cumberland Gap and on the march thence to this place and whom I released on parole.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

As the necessity for sending the paroled men to the Northwest to fight against the Indians seems to have passed away allow me again to suggest that the Indiana troops taken at Mundordville and Richmond be allowed to go into camp at Indianapolis instead of being sent to Camp Chase, in the State of Ohio. The cost to the Government will be no greater and the advantages are certain. They have had continued trouble at Camp Chase which I am sure can be avoided here.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Iowa City, October 21, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Since writing you in regard to the Iowa officers and men taken prisoners at Shiloh and Belmont I have learned that our Iowa officers have come home on furlough. Cannot they and the men of their regiments (the Eighth, Twelfth and Forutheenth) be exchanged and the regiments reorganized? Part of the men are in a kind of captivity as paroled prisoners at Benton Barracks doing no good to the country or for themselves. Others are in the field in the Union Brigade, so-called, near Corinth, consolidated with men from a number of other regiments in part from other States. They have no love for or pride in this organization and will do no good in it. Others are or soon will be in Annapolis. Now I respectfully insist that our officers and men be exchanged;

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

