
that they be allowed time and opportunity to reorganize and that some evidence be given them that fort the future they shall not be overlooked and neglected. I feel very sore on this point as I think these men (that whom none have proved themselves more brave and more worthy) have been badly treated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

ROSECRANS' HEADQUARTERS, October 21, 1862.

General GRANT, Jackson:

My sending away paroled prisoners to Benton Barracks was in conformity with previous custom and in supposed accordance with your views of propriety of clearing them out of Corinth as rapidly as possible. As soon as made aware of different orders or views they were promptly carried out. They only person I authorized to leave for Saint Louis was Doctor Scott, not a prisoners, who called on you and took a message from you. Your dispatch complying of the action is the first intimation I have had of your disapproval. A Captain Tobin was paroled and permitted to go North while I was absent at Ripley, but neither with my consent nor approval. No other instances have come to my knowledge. That part of your dispatch which refers to newspaper reporters and leaky members of my staff showing the existence of any desire or even any sentiment at these headquarters of keeping up a distinction of feeling and spirit between the troops of my command or the rest of your troops, as if they were not an integral part thereof, I answer that no such feeling has ever existed at these headquarters. No countenance either directly or indirectly has been given to such an idea, nor was I aware that such an idea was abroad until I saw indications of it from members of your staff and in your own orders. I regard it as the offspring of sentiments [other] than those of a desire for justice or the good of the service, and sincerely hope that you do not participate therein. There are no headquarters in these United States less responsible for what newspaper correspondents and paragraphists that mine. This I wish to be understood to be distinctly applicable to the affairs of Iuka and Corinth.

After this declaration I am free to say that if you do not meet me frankly with a declaration that you are satisfied I shall consider my power to be useful in this department ended.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The writer of the inclosed letter, Honorable Henry Cooper, of Shelbyville, Tenn., is judge of one of the judicial district of Tennessee appointed by Governor Johnston. His brother, Edmund Cooper, who is a prisoner in the rebel hands, is one of the first lawyers in the State and one of he best and most influential of me. Turner [S.] Foster at Camp Chase in one of the persons arrested by Governor Johnston at Nashville. Knowing how all your time is occupied I content myself with submitting the letter of Judge Cooper and will call to-morrow to receive such answer as you may be pleased to give.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EM. ETHERIDGE.

