
[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, October 20, 1862.

Honorable E. ETHERIDGE, Washington City.

DEAR SIR: I hope you will not think me troublesome but I wish you to do me a favor. My brother, Edmund Cooper, is a prisoner in the hands of the rebels and I wish to procure his release. The United States have in prison at Camp Chase Turner S. Foster, of Nashville, who writes me that if he can be paroled he can effect an exchange with the rebel Government of my brother for himself. Will you be kind enough to see the Secretary of War whether or not such an arrangement can be made. I would come to Washington myself but I am here with my family, cut off from my means of support, and feel it to be my duty to husband what few means I have left. If I can be of any service in carrying out my object I will come at any cost. I hope you will be able to effect the parole of Mr. Foster to let him to and effect the exchange he desires. I know I am troubling you too much, but I assure you should opportunity ever offer there is nothing I would not do for you. My brother has been and would still be of great advantage to the Federal cause our State if at liberty to work for it. Direct any communication for me to care of Thomas Eakin, New York.

Very truly,

HENRY COOPEL.

WHEELING, VA., October 21, [1862.]

Major P. ZINN, Commanding Camp Chase.

SIR: The bearer, Washington Cline, by special direction of Governor Peirpoint is sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, apparently as a prisoners but in reality on secret service. He is to be committed as usual, but in such a way as to enable him to have full access to all the prisoners sent from Marion County, Va., Whom he may desire to see. It is hoped through the agency of this man that several cases of horse-stealing, depredations on private property, &amp;c., will be brought to light. The objects is for him to gain the confidence of these men who are prisoners from Marion County, Va., and now at Camp Chase, get letters from them to their friends in their section of country, and operate after his release for the conviction of those who have offended against that laws and so far avoided punishment. You can have such an understanding with the bearer and others that it shall be represented he is arrested for refusing to take the oath of allegiance. Whenever his plans are matured he should notify you of his willingness to take the oath of allegiance, with can then be administered to him and transportation given him to Wheeling to report to the Governor for further orders.

By assisting to carry out this plan you will confer a great favor upon the State authorities here. Should it be necessary to refer this matter to any one else to facilitate its execution or approve its design, please advise me as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

WHEELING, VA., October 21, [1862.]

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge-Advocate.

SIR: I inclose evidence* against the Bedilions, of Ohio County, Va., and ask for orders regarding them. In the case of Shoveling, before.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

