
reported, and in such cases as the Bedilions I used to try to remedy their proclivity to indorse Jeff. Davis by calling on them to take the oath and give bond and it worked in several cases.

Colonel Carothers, aide to Governor Peirpoint, informs me that you think we do a land-office business out here in the way of arrests. The fact is we ought to have a variety in the shape of a little hanging.

We have a nest of traitors all around us to deal with.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL FOR VIRGINIA,

Wheeling, October 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Major B. H. Hill, mustering and recruiting officer, having assumed here the duties of military commander, under General Orders, Numbers 36, April 7, 1862, and Numbers 65, June 12, 1862, I desire to know how far he has control of the prisoners sent here to me or arrested by me under orders of Secretary of War through Major Turner. The duties prescribed to military commanders assimilate so much in many instances to those of a provost-marshal that I requested the provost-marshal-general, Honorable S. Draper, to have me designated military commander of this post. In that event there could be not conflict between me and Major Hill, and I would undoubtedly be better able to carry out the orders given me.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 22, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis:

I will endeavor to make the arrangements you desire in respect to the paroled Indiana troops and will advise you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., October 22, 1862.

General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding U. S. Forces, &amp;c.:

Your letter of 15th [16th] instant, sent by flag of truce to Major General S. Price or the general officer commanding Confederate Army, has been referred to me. Having been very recently assigned to the command of this department and thereon not so well informed upon the several points referred to in your letter as Major-General Van Dorn I have directed him to reply to it. At the same time I cannot forbear to express my conviction that you have been misinformed and thereby led into error in regard to the treatment extended to U. S. prisoners of war at our hands. At all events, sir, you have my assurance that the rules of civilized warfare will govern this army in all respects unless compelled to resort to retaliatory measures. I cannot ascertain after diligent

41 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

