
inquire nor do I believe that paroled Confederate prisoners have at any time been employed in a manner violating the terms of the cartel, either in letter or spirit. No infringement of the rules laid down therein will be countenanced or permitted by me.

The partisan corps in Confederate service differ in no respect in their organization from other troops and constitute a portion of our Regular Army.

On inquiry I ascertain that there are no U. S. prisoners of war at this time within this department. General Van Dorn may, however, be able to give more particular information as to the individuals named in the list accompanying your communication.

Very respectful, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, KY., October 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

As I understand the cartel for exchange of prisoners either party may without consulting the other release from parole and return to duty any of its prisoners of war whenever it turns over an equivalent of paroled prisoners to the other. Am I right?

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., October 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L MERRILL.

GENERAL: Of the prisoners sent in let the commanding officer of Paris select form those who have surrendered and have not broken their paroles one-sixth per week to be released on bond and oath. Something of this will be necessary to relieve our prisoners and secure quiet to the country.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 22, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

GENERAL: In February last General Edwin W. Price, a son of General Sterling Price, was captured in this State and was brought to this place. He was afterwards paroled by General Halleck, limiting the parole to the county of Chariton, where he resided. He was treated with confidence as an officer by General Halleck. From Colonel Mobery, who commands the enrolled militia, as well as from others I receive the assurance that General Price always kept his parole strictly as an officer of integrity was bound to observe it. Colonel Moberly informed me that upon one occasion when an attack by guerrillas was threatened upon the post under his command the danger coming to the knowledge of General Price he gave the colonel information of the danger. He was exchanged about two weeks since for General Prentiss. When he was about to leave for the South he called upon me and gave me the assurance it was not his purpose to bear arms again but that as soon as he reached the South he would resign his commission and return home and would here employ all the influence he possessed with the disloyal people to keep them at peace with the Government.

