
He now calls upon me and shows me that he has resigned his position as brigadier and he expresses the purpose to exert all his influence to prevent any further hostile demonstration as far as he can by those who have hostile feelings to the Government. He seeks to be protected in his person and property, and if it were necessary will give his parole of honor for his peaceful conduct. I have confidence that General Price will keep any promise he may make and would have no hesitation in applying to the President for a pardon such as was given by him to General Watkins. In the meantime it might be desirable if you should concur in the propriety of the course I recommend that you should give to General Price a safe-guard to secure him against molestation in his person and property. If you desire it he will report to you at once. In fact he prefers to be the bearer of this letter. Be good enough to signify your wishes upon this subject to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL FOR VIRGINIA,

Wheeling, October 22, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that by an amicable arrangement with Major B. H. Hill I will as usual have control of my prisoners here and everything will go on as smoothly as before. Usual reports will be made, all I trust as before satisfactory to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major General J. D. Cox, commanding in Western Virginia, will issue order similar to inclosed.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 21. Weeling, April 30, 1862.

All arrests whatsoever by provost-marshal at posts, camps or other localities within this department will be immediately reported to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters, reports to be accompanied with full description of prisoners taken and statement of charges upon which arrested, together with such other information touching cases present as may be necessary or useful for department files. Regular returns of all parsons in custody or released within the month will be made monthly to the provost-marshal at department headquarters or a such other times as he may specially designate, having in view the interests of the service. Commanders of district, posts and camps will exercise such supervision as shall insure the faithful carrying out of this order by provost-marshals appointed by them or under their control.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

HENRY THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

