
[Addendum.]

The arrests of all persons will be promptly reported to Major Joseph Darr, Jr., provost-marshal-general, headquarters Wheeling, Va., and particular care will be taken whenever practicable to forward with a descriptive list of the prisoners complete and sworn evidence against them. Prisoners will in no instance be sent out of this department without a report to the provost-marshal-general.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 2. Gallipolis, Ohio, October 17, 1862.

All arrests of persons not connected with the U. S. Army by provost-marshals as posts, camps or other localities within this district will be immediately reported to Major Joseph Darr, Jr., the provost-marshal-general of the State of Virginia, at Wheeling. Reports to be accompanied with full descriptions of prisoners taken and statement of charges upon which arrested together with such other information touching cases presented as may be necessary or useful. Regular returns of all persons in custody or released within the month will be made monthly to said provost-marshal-general, or at such other times as he may specially designate having in view the interests of the service. Commanders of district, posts and camps will exercise such supervision as shall insure the faithful carrying out of this order by provost-marshals appointed by them or under their control.

By command of Major General J. D. Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 163. Washington, October 22, 1862.

Whenever prisoners of war are released on parole and sent through the lines the officers who release them will immediately send rolls to the Adjutant-General of the Army containing an exact list of the prisoners' names, rank, regiment, date and place of capture and date of release on parole. These rolls are indispensable in effecting exchanges of prisoners.

By order of the Secretary or War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 23, 1862.

Major-General BUELL, Lebanon, Ky.:

See last clause of article 7 in connection with article 5 of cartel of exchange of prisoners. On delivering prisoners at a point agreed upon you can release from parole an equivalent of your own.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, October 23, 1862.

[General L. THOMAS.]

GENERAL: For the last three weeks there has existed in this camp a spirit of insubordination bordering on mutiny, which at times looked

