
as if I had neither nor physical force sufficient to sustain order, but last night the critics came and I think we have won the victory and without any undue violence. The Sixtieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers was the cause, and its insubordination and the inefficiency of the officers obliged me to order the entire regiment under guard, and to my great gratification our paroled men with arms in their hands stood to duty and the Sixtieth Regiment caved in, and I feel that we are entirely on a new career and this command can now be made respectable, and I think if it can be exchanged will in a very short time be ready for the field. To-day I see an entire change in the conduct of the men, one that I am satisfied with if it continues and I think it will. Since I arrived here we have had three incendiary fires which have destroyed quarters for fourteen companies. Fire was sent to unoccupied quarters, clandestinely of course, and from the inflammable nature of the barracks there was no chance to stop a fire except by pulling down parts of the buildings, and in this we have lost barracks for fourteen companies. I have to-day ordered the survey of the entire remaining buildings in Camp Douglas to see if we have not quarters enough remaining to remove the three regiments from the Fair Grounds, where I found them on my arrival here. At all events I shall get the entire command into Camp Douglas within the next ten days and abandon the Fair Grounds, where we are occupying inconvenient and unhealthy quarters at a considerable expense.

Colonel Tucker who was in command here says the Fair Grounds were occupied under instructions from the Secretary of War. Last night not exactly satisfied how matters would turn out I order in a company of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, which was in camp at Hyde Park, three miles from Camp Douglas. Major Coolidge is obeying the order and the men will be inside of Camp Douglas this p. m., and on the whole I shall keep them for the present, an arrangement as I think entirely satisfactory to Major Coolidge. My position with the paroled men now is, first, subordination; second, drill; third, police and camp-guard duty. I claim this capitulation covers all the duties and I mean to enforce them.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DANIEL TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Inspector-General Seventh Army Corps, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The Secretary of War authorizes and directs you to meet the commissioner on the part of the Confederates and arrange with him for the exchange of prisoners of war.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Saint Louis, October 23, 1862.

Colonel J. P. TAYLOR, Commissary-General, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: The ration issued to prisoners of war at Alton and Saint Louis is so much greater than is necessary for their proper subsistence

