
that large savings are made, constituting a prison fund. As I hardly think the subsistence department should be expected to do more than furnish the prisoners with what is necessary for their proper subsistence, I would respectfully recommend that the ration authorized for prisoners in this department may be reduced so as to allow but 18 ounces of flour; beans and rice alternate days, instead of both daily; 8 pounds of coffee and 10 pounds of sugar to the 100 rations, and but half allowance of candles. This allowance would in my opinion be ample, and would afford sufficient savings to purchase plates, &amp;c., which might be required for the prisoners' use. As the case stands now the prisoners or prison fund receive the benefit of the full ration, which is so large that troops in the field cannot use it all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 24, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. MARTIN, C. S. Army,

Commanding District of North Carolina.

GENERAL: By this flag of truce I send such men of Captains Simons' [Guion's] company, Tenth Regiment North Carolina Troops (artillery), as I have been able to collect. The remainder when collected will be forwarded to your lines. The list of those sent I inclose, marked A. *

I also send such paroled prisoners in New Berne as desired to leave. The order by which they were assembled and the names of those sent please find inclosed marked B. *

Some families living in New Berne and desirous of leaving I also send. List marked C. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUDSON, October 24, 1862.

Provost-Marshal PRICE, Hannibal, Mo.:

You can say to Captain McDonald that if he surrenders the lives of all who surrender will be spared, no matter whether they had taken the oath or not. Neither our own nor the authorities of the Confederate States recognize these men as soldiers so that I cannot promise that they will be held subject to exchange, but will do what I can to accomplish the consent of our authorities to it. They will be held as prisoners of war and not shot.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 24, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following reply to the letter of the Second Comptroller addressed to yourself under date of the 2nd instant and referred to this office for consideration:

At the passage of the act of 30th of March, 1814, it was the usage of the Government to allow to officers, non-commissioned officers and sol-

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

