
Three of the party (lately arrived here and sent up) apparently demand special attention, and that you may properly understand their cases I inclose a copy of General Morgan's letter which accompanied them to this list.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER ZINN,

Major Governor' Guards, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Portland, Ohio, October 10, 1862.

His Excellency Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio.

GOVERNOR: In charge of Sergeant Reynolds, a brave soldier and the best scout in my army, I send Charles H. Breck, son of Judge Brek, of Richmond, Ky., Captain William B. Jones and Robert F. Price. Brek's father is one of the best Union men in Kentucky, but his son is a dangerous secessionist, though said to be a worthy man in social relations. Jones had been in the rebel army and desires to re-enter it. He is a bad as well as a dangerous man. Both Jones and Breck were captured at Big Creek Gap, Ky., while entering Kentucky with a band of armed rebels. I offered to parole them on condition of their never again giving aid to the rebels or doing aught to the prejudice of the Union. They refused, hence they remain prisoners.

Breck depends on the influence of his father to secure his release, which he once before did. I advise against it unless he gives a stringent parole. He has sufficient ability to do prejudice to our cause. Price is a mere scout and spy of the enemy, but a very dangerous one. He is the nephew of the brave and noble Garrard, colonel of he Third [Seventh] Kentucky Regiment in the national service.

I am, Governor, with high respect, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

HANNIBAL, MO., October 25, 1862.

General MERRILL:

Captain McDonald has just come in with flag of truce to me to see what terms he could make for his men. He can bring in the thinks some seventy. He is willing to surrender all as prisoners of war if they can be exchanged at the will of the Confederate Government. Also have the assurance for his men that the lives of those who have taken the oath will be spared.

T. D. PRICE,

Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 25, 1862.

His Excellency S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City.

SIR: Your letter of the 21st instant is just received. I regret that you should suppose that the Government has made any distinction in the exchange of Eastern and West prisoners of war. The exchange is made precisely in the order of date in which the prisoners are delivered by the enemy within our lines. The enemy retained the Shiloh

