
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 25, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

SIR: Will you please furnish me for the War Department with a list of all prisoners of war who have been or are now in confinement at the Alton Prison and please furnish a duplicate of the same for this office. Citizens and soldiers should not be entered on the same list. I will send you blank rolls for this purpose by express and also blank monthly returns of prisoner, with the request you will furnish a return monthly to this office. The roll called for above will take the place of those required in General Orders, No. 54, of May 17, from War Department, and if other rolls have been called for you need not furnish them till you have further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same sent to other commandants of military prisons.)

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Your telegraphic dispatch allowing Mr. Soule, prisoner at Fort Lafayette, to keep his servant was received. The servant was sent to Fort Lafayette and Lieutenant Wood, my officer commanding that post, received the proper orders on the subject. The inclosed note from him states that Mr. Soule did not wish his servant to remain with him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, June 25, 1862.

COLONEL: Jules saw his master in my presence and he told him to go back to New Orleans. Nothing passed between them more than above.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor, June 25, 1862.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that owing to a spirit of insubordination on the part of the privateer prisoners now confined at Fort Lafayette in refusing to police their quarters and the space in front of their quarters unless their officers were made to do the same and by crying out in favor of Jeff. Davis and numerous other evidences of insubordination they have been put in irons. The work required of them was that a detail of ten men should turn out each day for the space of about a quarter of an hour to do the necessary policing which

5 R R--SERIES II, VOL IV

