
prisoners in the South and unreasonable length of time after the cartel was agreed upon, and I learn from General Prentiss that this evidently done to produce an impression in the West that a preference was given to Eastern troops. You will wee that this detention was in direct violation of the provisions of the cartel. As soon as officers and men enough are exchanged to reform a regiment those attached to other organizations will be returned to their original regiments. All of our paroled prisoners are exchanged as rapidly as we can deliver an equivalent within the enemy's lines. The rule adopted is those first delivered are to be first exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report that I have forwarded by the steam-ship Cahawba under the charge of Captain Puffer certain discharged soldiers, three insane men and three clergymen of the Protestant Episcopal Church. I have directed the three clergymen to be turned over to the care of the U. S. marshal at New York subject to the order of the War Department.

The insane men Captain Puffer will take with him to Washington and deliver to the Soldiers' Insane Asylum.

One of the clergymen, the Rev. Doctor Leacock, preached a sermon on the 29th of November, 1860, which was afterwards published and run through four editions of about 30,000. I inclose the vital extract. * You will see that it was highly incendiary in its nature. He is an Englishman born, but I believe has been naturalized in this country; at any rate I have his written admission that he does not claim British protection; he has been in New Orleans about six years and I think he has been an emissary of the British Government. The Rev. Mr. Fulton is a clergyman who was for a considerable time a private in the rebel army. Another, the Rev. Mr. Goodrich, has been an active and violet secessionist. All these men have refused to take the oath of allegiance, and although the Military Governor of Louisiana, General Shepley, ordered that they should read the service adopted by the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States, including the prayer for the President of the United States, they have neglected to obey the order, and though warned of the consequences of disobeying the order they have still contumaciously to obey it. I think them much more mischievous in this city that they would be as soldiers in arms in the Confederate service and I send them to Fort Lafayette so that they will at least be out of mischief during the remainder of the war.

The only excuse they have to make to me in personal examination is that the diocesan bishop, I believe the right reverend warrior bishop, General Polk, has prescribed a different from of service, and that they are therefore canonically obliged to disobey the authorities here.

Any other information about them if desired by the Department will be forwarded if directed.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

