
and to act on this construction of the cartel then the paroled troops may be brought under the regulations for the government of his camp proposed by Colonel Carrington. But it is possible and even probable that if officers or soldiers have pledged their word of honor to be governed by the restrictions numerated in the cartel they will not feel relieved from their obligations by any official constructions, and if the matter is then brought before a court-martial it is at least possible that its decision would require the cartel to be understood as it reads. If the troops have been paroled without requiring any personal obligations but depending only on the implied pledge of the Government that they would be ordered to no duty inconsistent with the provisions of the cartel, then neither officers nor soldiers have anything to say about what duty they may perform and it becomes solely a national question. Under all the many difficulties of the case I would respectfully suggest as the most economical course and as the readiest mode of avoiding the embarrassments which attend the care of men who are almost beyond the reach of rules and articles of war that except in special cases volunteer regiments on parole be mustered out of service. After they have been exchanged they can be recalled into service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

This matter has been submitted to the Attorney-General.

H. W. H.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MUSTERING AND RECRUITING SERVICE,Indianapolis, Ind., October 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I respectfully call attention of the honorable Secretary of War and the General Commanding to the condition of several thousand paroled prisoners about to assemble at this city, and ask approval if consistent with their views of the"cartel for exchange of prisoners of war" of the outline of duty tow which I purpose they shall be subjected.

1. They may be called upon and required to guard their own camp, their own provisions, their own offenders and their own lines; otherwise they will be lawless, turbulent offenders against the public peace.

2. They may be subjected to all the camp rules that relate to the police and good order of their own quarters, and be held to such roster of roll and service calls as are necessary to this end.

3. They may in this connection be required to erect, repair and take care of such barracks as are required for their use.

4. Such parades as are necessary to insure the presence or proper accountability for the men are admissible, and they must observe in all their duties the decorum, discipline and obedience of soldiers.

5. Forcing guard, desertion and other military offenses are punishable as in other cases.

Bad advisers have instructed the soldiers against the observance of the foregoing routine of duty. I respectfully claim that there can be no legal interpretation of the cartel to conflict with the foregoing without involving the idea that 'self-preservation" as respects the regiments and the maintenance of their military character have to be

