
abandoned. The questions will come of great moment the ensuing week and I respectfully ask for instructions to enable me to meet all questions promptly. As they assemble, unless instructed before their arrival, I will use my best judgment and report at once my action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Colonel Eighteenth Infantry, Commanding Post.

FORT MONROE, October 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Wood, keeper of [Old] Capitol Prison, remains at Richmond. Major Barney, who just came from there, proceeds to Washington to report to you facts in reference to him which you ought to know. The papers necessary for the exchange will be ready on Tuesday and I will await your orders in reference to Mr. Wood before I go up to Aiken's Landing.

WILLIAM H. LUDLOW.

JACKSON, TENN., October 26, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Captain Swan, of the Fifty-seventh Illinois, in charge of transport carrying exchanged prisoners and under a flag of truce, brought back with him six Confederate deserters and two negroes from Vicksburg and delivered them to General Tuttle, to whom I have telegraphed to hold them till further orders. Is not this a violation of a flag of truce/

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., October 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to within paragraph clipped from a newspaper and to state to you that Major Jordan, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, is one of our best volunteer officers, and a true gentleman incapable of outrages, whatever some of his men may have done. The rebel Colonel Morgan offered to parole him at time of his capture but he declined to take it, the impression being that Morgan was an unauthorized guerrilla chief. Such was the impression in Kentucky.

I trust something may be done for the relief of this valiant officer and man. If allowed I would retaliate upon them.

Respectfully,J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

[From the Richmond Dispatch, October 17, 1862.]

ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE FROM PRISON.

A conspiracy on the part of a number of the prisoners to escape from Castle Thunder was discovered on Wednesday night. The parties had made a long rope of cotton sheets and had gotten everything ready to let Rogers (who is condemned to be shot on Saturday) out of a window, when they were discovered and put in the dungeon. One fellow who

