
proved very obstreperous was undergoing the bucking process yesterday evening. It is not certainly known that Rogers initiated the movement, but it is believed that his friends in the prison did so to help him. We learn that efforts are constantly being made to escape from this prison and that it is only by unceasing vigilance that they are prevented. The next party discovered trying to get out are to be shot.

Colonel [Major] Thomas J. Jordan, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who was detained from going North on the last flag of truce because charges had been preferred against him by the citizens of Sparta, Tenn., that he allowed his men to commit the most unheard of atrocities on the citizens of that place, was yesterday removed from the Libby Prison and put in Castle Thunder, inc company with four Yankees belonging to the First Maryland Cavalry, who are charged with committing a willful murder on an unarmed citizen of the Valley of Virginia. Colonel [Major] Jordan was captured at Tompkinsville, Ky., on the 7th of July. Yesterday seventeen deserters were received into the Castle from the South, sent thither by Major Mallett. Among the other inhabitants there is Captain Arnold Harris, a Yankee. The cage was empty last night the city police having made no arrests.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, October 26, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: The particular paper called for by the General-in-Chief is the order of General Thomas of July 20, 1862, referred to in Colonel Mulligan's communication. Please furnish and return the papers.

Respectfully,J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 26, 1862.

No order of July 20 was made by the Adjutant-General, and I do not know to what Colonel Mulligan refers unless to the indorsement of Assistant Secretary Wolcott on Colonel Hoffman's letter of July 12, which is dated July 19. Instead of calling on Colonel Mulligan fora report in accordance with Assistant Secretary Wolcott's directions it was afterwards decided to arrest him on the distinct charges exhibited in Colonel Tucker's letter. The charge against him was not violation of an order of July 20.

Respectfully,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp at Yellville, Ark., October 26, 1862.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding the Combined Federal Forces in Kansas and Missouri,

Springfield, Mo.

SIR: I have this day paroled the following-named prisoners of war belonging to your command, to wit: *

I expect you to return to me as early as practicable as many Confederate prisoners in your possession. By Confederate prisoners I mean our soldiers who have been captured with arms in their hands,

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

