
of War desires me to say the acts of Mr. Wood in reference to the exchange of prisoners will not be recognized and you will please so inform Mr. Ould. Also take such steps as may be necessary to procure the return of Mr. Wood to this city. I have thought it best to send Lieutenant Thomas down immediately. The Secretary has the cases of the Missouri State Guard and the independent and partisan rangers under advisement. The Harper's Ferry prisoners will be exchanged in their turn, but it is desired that those of prior date, especially such as have been some time inc confinement, s hall be exchanged first. Your attention is also directed to Western exchanged, the mass so far having been taken from Eastern troops.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 27, 1862.

Lieutenant R. BURR, Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Columbus, Ohio.

LIEUTENANT: Your letter of the 19th June inclosing duplicate copies of following contracts has been received:

1. Contract with Newton Gibbons, director of the Franklin County Infirmary, to receive in said infirmary small-pox patients being soldiers or prisoners of war, for which he is to be paid $2 per day for each and every patient sent to said pest-house, which compensation was to include pay for the treatment and nursing of said patients and all things necessary for their care and comfort.

2. Contract with Dr. John Dawson to attend and professionally treat all such small-pox patients being soldiers or prisoners of war as may be placed under his care at the above-named pst-house, for which he is to be paid $2 for each and every day he shall actually and necessarily visit and treat such patients.

The constricts were referred to the Surgeon-General with the following remarks:

Should not these contracts which appear to have been entered into under the pressure of an exigency be provided for by the Medical Department? The Quartermaster's Department has an appropriation for care of prisoners of war and can if necessary pay for the medical care of these prisoners. That of the soldiers, however, belong to the Medical Department by law as well as by right. The Surgeon-General's views on this subject are requested before action on the contracts.

The Surgeon-General's remarks on this subject are as follows:

This department recognizes the propriety of paying for rent of hospitals and for medical attention to soldiers and is perfectly willing to do so when prisoners of war are included. The contracts inclosed are, however, so extravagant in rate of compensation as to be entirely inadmissible. The contracts for medical attendance should conform strictly to the requirements of regulation both in form and amount of pay.

The contracts above referred to are disapproved and herewith returned. While the Quartermaster's Department might from its appropriation for the care of prisoners of war pay for their medical care and treatment and was willing to pay even the high rate charged for receiving small-pox patients in the pest-house, it could not make a similar provision for soldiers, and you went beyond your instructions in making a contract to cover both classes. The Medical Department now are willing to assume the rent of hospital and medical attendance for prisoners of war, consequently the cost therefore hereafter will not be a charge against the Quartermaster's Department and contracts for

