
such services will be made in accordance with the Army Regulations. (See paragraphs 1268 to 1271.) So far as small-pox patients being prisoners of war have been admitted to the pest-house of the Franklin [County] Infirmary and received medical attendance from the physician employed by you, you are authorized to pay for the same in accordance with the instructions given to Captain Dickerson on the 3rd of June last. This authority will not, however, extend beyond the date of new contracts to be made in accordance with the decision of the Surgeon-General before referred to.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 27, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your letter of instructions of the 15th instant I proceeded to Columbus, Ohio, arriving on the evening of the 16th. After reporting to Governor Todd proceeded to Camp Chase and made an examination into the condition of the military and political prisoners. I found 723 prisoners at the camp, of which only twelve were prisoners of war. These prisoners were confined in two camps adjoining each other and inclosed by a high fence. The quarters occupied by the prisoners were ample for their accommodation, with sufficient ground within the inclosure for exercise. The quarters were divided into rooms of convenient size, with a stove in each. They were provided with bunks, abundance of bedding and indeed every necessary articles supplied and every care was taken to insure their comfort. I found the hospital well arranged, well ventilated and comfortable. The number of patients in the hospital, 24; the number of deaths for September, 4. The prevailing diseases were typhoid, bilious and intermittent fevers, typhoid predominating. The health of the camp was rapidly improving. I found that every precaution was taken to prevent the escape of prisoners. The daily guard for prisoners only numbered 101 men. The guard was stationed on the outside of the inclosure. There were seventeen sentinels on parapets, erected so that the whole camp might be overlooked. There were two sentinels at each gate and thirteen sentinels so stationed as to form a complete chain of sentinels around the camp on the outside independent of those on parapet above.

The sentinels were vigilant and apparently well instructed in their duties. I found the following number of persons employed with duties connected with the prisoners and at the compensation assigned to each respectively: In post-office examining the correspondence of prisoners-one employed at $1 per day, the other at 40 cents; one book-keeper in charge of books and the money accounts of prisoners at $50 per month; three stewards in charge of prisoners and the police of their quarters and camp at 40 cents per day; one mail-carrier, who is also employed for troops, full compensation $50 per month. The above employees were all enlisted men excepting the mail-carrier. I directed that the compensation of the postmaster and book-keeper should be reduced to 40 cents per day; that the services of the stewards be altogether dispensed with as soon as possible, and that until dispensed with their compensation should be reduced to 25 cents per day. I recommended and directed the appointment of an officer as provost-marshal who should have under the superintendence of the commanding

