
would bring it upon each man about once in twelve days. I desire that this may be submitted to the honorable Secretary of War.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor, June 25, 1862.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington.

GENERAL: Lieutenant Wood, commanding at Fort Lafayette, has just reported that Miss Wells (who has a permanent pass from Assistant Secretary of War P. H. Watson to visit John Harleston, prisoner of war) while on a visit to John Harleston, prisoner of war, was detected in handing the prisoner the inclosed letter (to which I respectfully call the attention of the honorable Secretary of War) and $20. Miss Wells had already (this day) given the prisoner $20, which was turned over to Lieutenant Wood in the usual way. I have annulled the pass of Miss Wells until I receive further orders from the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

E. L. C. sends you what you ask for through Colonel Burke, but fears you want more, so I hand you inclosed. Do let us know if you want for anything. I have seen a letter from a Confederate officer, dated Richmond, May 20. He is full of hope. We have heard quite lately from New Orleans; the same spirit there. In Baltimore they are quietly waiting for the good time to come. The Republicans look not quite so top-heavy, and Heaven grant that you may defeat them before Richmond, and then England and France will acknowledge you without any more delay. private accounts from McClellan's army are fearful, but still do not let the South think he is weak. They say Halleck has re-enforced Mac and that he loses in that Chickahominy Swamp two regiments a week. Now that the Seventh is again ordered off and to Fortress Monroe a great change has taken place. Fathers look pale and begin to think it is a very anxious time. It is horrid to wish for the death of people, but I feel sure if twelve of that regiment could die it would have a most beneficial effect. In New Orleans without the assistance of Yellow Jack the mortality is fearful. Five in one hearse is nothing unusual in one day. With what pleasure they must look on these funerals. We are anxiously expecting news from Charleston, but we will have to wait long. I see no Huger mentioned, but suppose Captain H. C, King is Margaret's brother. mr. Henry Grinnell's son (in the Confederate Army) was wounded and taken prisoner at Front Royal. He is now in Washington. his mother went to see him. he says that before the South is subjugated every man will have to be killed; then every woman and every child. He had his two fingers shot off and part of his hand. He is crazy to be exchanged and fight again. We do not speak of this out in New York, for it might place the family in a disagreeable position. What I would give to have a long talk with you. I have so much to say. I wish you could read the letter of that officer. The spirit is magnificent. He says the women

