
officer the immediate charge of the prisoners and of the general police of the camp. When he shall have become thoroughly acquainted with his duties and with the prisoners themselves the services of the stewards can be dispensed with. I found but three Farmer's boilers at Camp Chase which I caused to be reacted within the prison inclosure; required they should be used for cooking purposes, depriving the prisoners of their other cooking utensils. These boilers not being sufficient for the use of all the prisoners I have since directed that those at Camp Butler be forwarded to Camp Chase with instructions to the commanding officer to have them erected as I had previously directed. The prisoners have taken a violent antipathy to the use of these boilers and will not use them unless constantly watched and compelled to do so. The stoves already at Camp Chase would answer a better purpose with but little increase of fuel.

I introduced the scale for issue of rations to prisoners as directed by yourself at other camps. This scale, however, different but little from the one in use. The manner of keeping the accounts was quite satisfactory and the funds were in the hands of Captain McAdams, assistant commissary of subsistence, U. S. volunteers, stationed at the camp. The lists of irregular military organizations have already been submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain and Assistant to Commissary General of Prisoners.

LOUISVILLE, KY., October 27, 1862.

His Excellency E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: I have learned by a slip from a Richmond paper that Major Jordan, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, has been delivered and sent from Libby Prison to Castle thunder under charges that he allowed the men under his command to commit outrages on the citizens of Sparta, Tenn. Major Jordan never had his forces in Sparta but once. Morgan made a raid into Kentucky and arrived at Cave City on the 11th of May, 1862. I was at Bowling Green with one squad of cavalry and ran him out of this State at Burkesville. major Jordan was at Gallatin, and he crossed over by Lebanon to McMinnville and chased him eight miles beyond Sparta. He made no stay at Sparta but returned immediately. Major Jordan was very stricti his discipline and I have never heard of any outrages committed by his men at Sparta or at any other place. Major Jordan was captured near Tompkinsville, Ky., on the 9th of July, 1862, under the following circumstances: He was stationed at that place at that time in command of three companies of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and had Company E also with him en route to join me at Albany, Clinton County, Ky. We were both under the command of Colonel Owens. I was with Colonel Owen at Albany and had only Company K with me. General J. T. Boyle then commanded all the U. S. forces in Kentucky. By his orders we did not consider Morgan and the rest of them commanding the men who made the raids into Kentucky as soldiers but only as marauders. When Morgan with a force of about 1,800 men made the attack on Major Jordan on the 9th of July he did not consider under his orders he ought to surrender to him. Consequently Major

