
Jordan fought to the last, and when forced by the fire of artillery cut his way out. He killed 31 of the gang, including 1 colonel, and lost in killed 3 men and 1 lieutenant. They took about 16 prisoner, mostly men in the hospital and unfit for duty. Jordan was captured some miles out by reason of a wound his horse had received. he refused to be paroled by Morgan on the ground that he was not a Confederate officer, but only a marauder. This refusal on is part has made an enemy of Morgan and all his friends, and I fear that they intend to destroy the major to gratify private malice. General Boyle has promised me to w rite to you on the subject and to solicit your aid in relieving him from this unjust persecution. I feel a deep interest in Major Jordan's welfare and hope that you will do something to aid him in escaping this unjust treatment. He is a first-rate officer ad a gentleman and incapable of allowing his men to do anything unjustifiable in war.

G. B. BROWN,

Major, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 28, 1862.

Major-General WALLACE, Columbus, Ohio:

You will order barracks immediately for the paroled troops and make every suitable arrangement for their shelter and comfortable protection.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 28, 1862.

Major-General WALLACE, Columbus, Ohio:

Since dispatching to you this morning the Adjutant-General informs me that the paroled prisoners under your charge will probably be exchanged very soon and that barracks will be unnecessary. The order to erect barracks is therefore suspended for the present and you will take no action under it until further order. The receipt of this order you will acknowledge.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 28, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your second dispatch of to-day suspending order for erection of barracks for prisoners has been received.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 170. Washington, October 28, 1862.

I. In accordance with the fifth section of the act approved July 17, 1862, the proceedings of the military commission in the case of Sely Lewis have been submitted to the President of the United States.

