
BALTIMORE, October 29, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Intelligence has just reached me that Colonel Rich, one of my aides, and Messrs. Sewell, Gardner and Evans, four citizens of Baltimore as devotedly loyal as any within the Union, whilst last night engaged in conferring as a committee with the officers of the Union meeting assembled some time since in Monument Square over which I presided were arrested by the military authorities here, confined during the night at the police station and this morning marched under guard of soldiers through the streets as though they were the vilest traitors and placed on board a steamer in the harbor. Our whole loyal community regard this as the grossest outrage and demand their release, and I on their behalf most respectfully insist that Your Excellency will forthwith order the military commander of this department to set them at liberty and to return the papers forcibly seized and taken from them.

A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH,Corinth, Miss., October 29, 1862.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

I desire to call your attention to the letters of Van Dorn sent by flag of truce. You can perhaps answer the question propounded as to the exchange of Captain Silence for Van Dorn's aide.

I cannot but think the making of Iuka a hospital for Confederate prisoners was very ill advised. Under the terms of the cartel we are obliged to deliver prisoners within the lines of the opposing army. This involves the necessity of sending them from Iuka by ambulance to Baldwin for those who cannot march or bribing them back through Corinth to be sent to Columbus or to Holly Spring. I do not want to bring them back this way.

Van Dorn's language that "Iuka is liable to the vicissitudes of war" can be constructed only that it is liable to capture and that the stores sent there for the use of the rebel sick and wounded are liable to seizure as also would be the rolling-stock of the railroad used in communicating and furnishing that hospital within supplies. I wish you would suggest some plan by which the whole thing can be sifted off our hands. Many of the prisoners leave daily and go where they choose. This has been the case with those sufficiently recovered to move.

Of this I do not care, but I do not like the idea of being burdened with the care of that place as a hospital unless it may fairly be considered as not liable to capture while so occupied. My idea would be to move all the wounded by rail through Corinth at night, to be sent to Vicksburg via Columbus. Please write me your views with such instructions as may suggest themselves to you.

An answer on this subject and also that of exchange of Captain Silence may be the means of sending another flag of truce to the rebel lines.

Very truly, yours,

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

