
ago, and also that another party went to the house of a lady (Mrs. Moore) who was enceinte, and against the remonstrance and entreaty of her daughters, entered her chamber where she was in bed, aimed their pistols at her, exploded the caps, and so alarmed her that premature labor resulted and she died the next morning. This is horrible; this is hellish, and yet the facts are vouched for by the husband of the lady who reported them to a member of my staff. I sincerely hope this correspondence will result in suppressing on both sides the retaliatory feeling incident to such charges. I send this communication by Major Gallagher, my assistant adjutant-general, who will deliver to your order the prisoners who have been paroled until exchanged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Helena, Ark., October 29, 1862.

Major-General HOLMES, Little Rock, Ark.

GENERAL: The steamer Little Rock, bearing a flag of truce and dispatches to these headquarters with Federal prisoners for exchange, arrived last night and I am now in receipt of yours* of the 21st instant. I am much gratified with the tone of your communication and trust that by vigilance we will be enabled to prevent all unauthorized acts of violence by officers or men. My heartfelt desire is to terminate this unhappy struggle with as little injury to non-combatants and as few violations of the rules of civilized warfare as possible. For myself I should be proud as an American if our armies could only present to the world deeds of chivalry and generous bearing unaccompanied by the brutalities that have stained the pages of the civil wars of the earth. The case of Mrs. Moore stated in your letter is indeed brutal. I have heard nothing of the report before, and trust that like the thousands of rumors floating on the winds it may prove entirely groundless. As you are no doubt aware many false stories are made for effect. If the case of Mrs. Moore is a reality I should be pleased if you would communicate to me any facts within your knowledge that may aid in identifying the villains and bringing them to justice. I will forward to Major-General Curtis a copy of your letter and will as soon as practicable have the account of prisoners exchanged adjusted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 29, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS,

Fifth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Fort Columbus.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you ship the exchanged prisoners received from New Orleans to Camp Butler, near Springfield, Ill.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Addressed to Carr.

---------------

