
was lately paroled and discharged from Little Rock. There must be near 300 Federal prisoners now at Little Rock who do not relish confinement better than I do. I am satisfied to communicate with General Holmes. I am informed that paroles have been extended to officers for a certain period in order to effect an exchange. I am in need of some clothing for myself and men, and would like a parole for a few days at least in order to have some clothing made. I would be pleased to have a personal interview with you with of effecting or expediting a mutual exchange.

Respectfully, yours,

D. C. GIDDINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Scott, Kans., October 29, 1862.

Major LIVINGSTON, Commanding Cherokee Rangers.

SIR: Your letter to me in which you promise to release all citizens prisoners on condition of my doing the same is received. Immediately upon the receipt of it I ordered the release of those in my charge and forwarded them in wagons to your command to be passed over the lines in charge of Captain W. H. Taylor, who was paroled by me for that purpose. I also wrote you at the time, which is now in possession of Captain Taylor, unless you have received it, which I cannot believe as you would not have arrested quiet citizens at their homes as late [as] reported me. This day appeared before me Mrs. Riggins and Catharina Spencer in behalf of Riggins and young Spencer, and says that you will release them if I give up Peter Johnson, Bishop and one other man. The men named by you are all released and sent on to be passed over the lines and are probably at home before this. I feel confident that you will perform your part of the agreement and hope this will be the last time that complaint will be made to me of like character.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. S. HENNING,

Major, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, October 29, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding Saint Louis District, Mo.

SIR: The number of inquiries made in regard to prisoners is so great and the source of information so meager and unsatisfactory that the dignity of the Government requires an examination into and record of the facts that have led to the arrest and justify the present confinement of all persons now held as prisoners in the several military prisons. To this end you are directed to convene by special order a board of inquiry in the nature of a military commission, to consist of not less than three members, with a competent officer to act as examiner and recorder, whose duty it shall be to investigate by such means as they deem best the case of each prisoner now at Gratiot [Street] Prison brought before the board, and to report who are and who are not prisoners of war. And of those who are determined not to be

