
commander of a district (formerly called division) can do this. In General Merrill's district where this power is exercised very liberally it is yet restricted to him. Indeed he has arrested several subordinates for assuming to exercise it. It is highly conducive to good order in other parts of the State to enforce this rule and for this purpose it is essential that it be made universal. Please report the particulars of this man Hoverson's case.

In many other cases you mention that the prisoners was arrested charged with being in the rebel army and that he was discharged on oath and bond. The time when he was in rebel army is very material. If he was in it prior to the 1st August, 1861, and not since, he is entitled to the benefit of Governor Gamble's proclamation. If he has not been in it since the 17th December, 1861, he is embraced in the amnesty offered by the convention. Again, in some cases for the charge of having been in the rebel army you discharge on oath and bond. In others you say "found guilty and sent to Saint Louis. " Am I to understand that in the casein which you simply administer an oath and take a bond the charge is not sustained? If so, it seems that to exact abound is hard measure. I have substituted a parole for the oath formerly required at this office. I supposed that you had received due notice of this change. I am satisfied that is salutary. I inclose a form* of the parole.

I have commented thus frankly upon your report because I remark in your office a disposition (as I think) to do the duties incident to it with zeal and care and I am sure that fair criticism will not be mis-understood. I wish to bring about as much uniformity in the practice of the office of provost-marshals in this State as possible, and I make no doubt that you will co-operate with me in promoting an end so desirable.

I remark that you arrest people in some cases for being "rebel sympathizers. " I submit to you that this term is too vague to be proper. Some are called "Southern sympathizers" who are really guilty of nothing worse than regret for the calamities is not which this rebellion has plunged the South. Others, however, so-called are very mischievous enemies of the Government. So long as a man does nothing to make his sympathy valuable to the cause with which he sympathizes he ought to be exempt from friend or imprisonment. Of course I do not mean that a blatant well-wisher of the cause of insurrection is to be allowed to talk treason without molestation. I hope, however, you will in future make the charges more definite.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. T. GANTT,

Provost-Marshal-General for Missouri and Iowa.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 176. Washington, October 31, 1862.

I. The commissary-general of prisoners has charge of the U. S. officers and men on parole and correspondence relating to them as well as all details concerning them will pass through him.

II. Fort Delaware is announced as a chaplain post.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

