
WASHINGTON, November 1, 1862.

His Excellency S. J. KIRKWOOD, Governor of Iowa.

GOVERNOR: Your letter of October 28 is just received. No one appreciates more highly than I do the gallantry and general good conduct of the Iowa regiments, and it will always give me pleasure to gratify their wishes where proper discipline and the good of the service will permit.

The attention of the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners has been called to cases of the Eighth, Twelfth and Fourteenth Iowa Regiments and no doubt their exchange will very soon be effected, when the proper measures will be taken for their reorganization.

The question of sending home to their own States fragments of regiments now in the field is a much more serious question than you seem to consider it. There are regiments similarly situated from nearly every State in the Union, and to permit them to return home to recruit would very seriously weaken the armies in the field. One or two applications of the kind were inconsiderately granted and the withdrawal of the troops was near leading to very grave consequences. You refer to the services of the Iowa troops of such regiments in the recent battle of Corinth. Suppose they had been permitted to go home before the battle; the enemy might have defeated us. Very possibly the presence of these men turned the scale.

When the officers and men of these regiments are exchanged they will be reorganized and such indulgence given them as the exigencies of the service will allow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE.

GENERAL: General Orders, Numbers 49, Headquarters Army of the Ohio, are modified in the following particulars:

1. Recruits from the rebel army who have delivered themselves up as deserters may on their claims as deserters being recognized be set at liberty on taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds with proper security.

2. Recruits captured by our troops being prisoners of war will be treated as such and released on taking the oath of allegiance only in special cases.

3. Persons not connected with the rebel army but who are charged with having actively aided or abetted in an invasion of Kentucky by rebel troops within the last three months will be arrested and their cases at once reported to you with the proof in such cases for your decision. As a general rule such persons should be sent to Camp Chase instead of Vicksburg as political prisoners.

4. In any special cases arising under these orders and not included in the above you will exercise your discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

