
remove any conscientious scruples officers or soldiers may have about the performance of duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to the General-in-Chief for instructions to be given the officers commanding in Kentucky.

E. M. STANTON.

[Inclosure.]

MARION, IND., October 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I was with our forces which were so foolishly and so disastrously sacrificed in the fight near Richmond [Ky.], on the 30th August last. Being on the medical staff I remained with our wounded until last week.

During my stay I was in the midst of the enemy's troops for a considerable portion of the time. Richmond, the place where we were stationed, was fora short time the rebels' seat of Kentucky government. I had some opportunity of observing their operations. One matter to which I would invite your attention is a fraud which they are attempting to commit on the Government in the way of paroling men as prisoners who were never in arms, and moreover not capable of bearing arms at all. Men seventy years of age and many Union men who have never taken any active part in the present war have been paroled, and I presume will be enumerated among the Federal prisoners in their hands for exchange. It would be the greatest unfairness to exchange their efficient soldiers who may be captured in arms for such prisoners as these.

These are facts which have fallen under my personal observation. Should such practices be general they will largely swell the numbers of their prisoners, many of whom we could have no motive to reclaim and are under no obligation to do so.

Another little matter: I noticed in the paroles of some of our men who were taken prisoners last week a prohibition to drill in camps of instruction or fight Indians in addition to former prohibitions.

Yours, truly,

WM. LOMAX,

Surgeon Twelfth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, November 3, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department.

SIR: John C. McDonald, of Ralls County, was in 1861 one of the soldiers of Sterling Price. He represents that he left the army in May or June last and returned to Ralls County without any intention, however, of abandoning the Confederate service; that soon after the Kirksville fight he was called on to become the captain of a company there of seventy-eighth men under Porter; that he accepted the position of captain on condition that none of his men should practice guerrilla fighting or bushwhacking, but that they should proceed in a body with him to the South; that being baffled in the attempt to cross the river

