
Fifthly, I charge Captain Walker with allowing and charging to the Government and crediting and paying to the contractors every month a large wastage on provisions issued by him. This wastage is included in the quantity of commissary stores credited on his monthly return as having been received from the contractors in each month, and it is wrongly and highly unjustly charged to the Government and paid for to the contractors, inasmuch as Captain Walker makes it a part of the aggregate amount of the stores with which the contractors are each month credited. If the ratios were delivered to Captain Walker as provided for by the contract no wastage could possibly occur, inasmuch as he would not receive them until each issue, and then in only the quantity necessary for that particular issue, and they would be immediately turned over to the troops for their consumption. In the paper marked F you will see to what an enormous amount this wastage is charged to the Government in a single month, when instead of the Government paying them (the contractors) for it the whole loss should fall on them.

In conclusion I have to state that I have called the attention of Captain B. P. Walker to that point of the contract requiring these issues to be made by the contractors, and by which all such items of expense would be saved to the Government, and that instead of requiring this of them he has stated to me that this was not the intention of the contract, and has used every means to prevent the inquiries being answered which I first addressed to him, and was finally obliged to place before him in a categorical manner by means of the commanding officer.

With highest respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, July 27, 1862.

Captain LAZELLE:

In reply to your inquiries in regard to Captain Walker, post commissary, I must say Captain Walker may be here, and probably is, some days when I do not know it. I think he has been here but three times within the last two weeks, being on three successive days. He stays at the commissary department when here and is present at some of the issues. He is absent three-fourths of the time. He has never asked or obtained my authority.

I am, truly, yours,C. W. B. ALLISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure B.]

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 14, 1862.

We, the undersigned, being appointed to inspect provisions issued for rations at Camp Chase, Ohio, have, according to the best of our ability, performed said duty and pronounce said articles good, merchantable and wholesome goods. The beef we did not inspect owing to there being none on hand on this day. That is to be examined at some future day.

E. E. SHEDD,

O. H. LATTIMER.

THE STATE OF OHIO, Franklin County, ss:

Before me, J. Krouenbitter, a justice of the peace in and for said county, personally appeared E. E. Shedd, O. H. Lattimer, and [W. W.]

