
Mason, above named, and made solemn oath that the above is a true and correct statement to the best of their knowledge.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 15th day of July, 1862.

J. KROUENBITTER,

Justice of the Peace.

CAMP CHASE, July 16, 1862.

Having per order examined commissary stores at Camp Chase I do find them not as good as called for in the contract; no article above second rate. Bacon, sugar and molasses are poor articles, of the lowest grade.

W. W. MASON,

Lieutenant.

THE STATE OF OHIO, Franklin County, ss:

Before me, a justice of the peace within and for the said county, personally appeared Lieutenant W. W. Mason, who being duly sworn on his solemn oath says that the foregoing statement, to which his signature is appended, is true as he verily believes.

Given under my hand the 17th day of July, 1862.

J. W. MILLER,

Justice of the Peace.

[Sub-inclosure C.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Camp Chase, Ohio, July 28, 1862.

Captain LAZELLE, Assistant Commissary-General of Prisoners:

The ration issued at this post consists of each and every article and of such quantities as provided by the regulations. The quality of the articles constituting the ration I consider fully equal to the standard of the ration now being issued to troops of the U. S. Army elsewhere. This opinion is based upon examination and comparison of articles issued elsewhere with the articles of like character now being issued by me, and also the opinion of officers of long experience who have acted as commissaries of subsistence in the U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

B. P. WALKER,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Sub-inclosure F.]

Amount of wastage (ordinary) on issued as reported by Captain B. P. Walker, assistant commissary of subsistence, and copied from his "monthly return of provisions received, issued and remaining on hand for the month of June, 1862: "

Two barrels,170 pounds, of pork; 692 pounds of bacon; 1,157 pounds and 2 ounces of flour; 142 pounds of hard bread; 32 pounds and 10 ounces of rice; 24 pounds and 7 ounces of green coffee; 56 pounds and 11 ounces of roasted coffee; 9 ounces of tea; 485 pounds and 4 ounces of brown sugar; 7 pounds and 4 ounces of adamantine candles; 46 pounds and 7 ounces of soap; 1 quart and 6 gills of molasses.

I certify that the above is a true copy of the mount of "wastage" for the month designated as reported by Captain Walker.

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

