
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Articles of agreement made and entered into this 9th day of June, anno Domini 1862, between Captain Benjamin P. Walker, an officer of the U. S. Army, of the one part, and Jacob and Louis Zettler, of the county of Franklin, and the State of Ohio, of the other part.

This agreement witnesseth that the said Benjamin P. Walker for and on behalf of the United States of America, and the said Jacob and Louis Zettler, heirs, executors and administrators, have covenanted and agreed, and by these presents do mutually covenant and agree, to and with each other as follow, namely:

First. That the said Jacob and Louis Zettler, heirs, executors and administrators, shall supply or cause to be supplied and issued at Camp Chase, Ohio, all the rations, to consist of the articles hereinafter specified that shall be required for the use of the U. S. troops stationed at the place aforesaid, commencing on the 15th day of June, 1862, and ending on the 1st day of November, 1862, or such earlier day as the Commissary-General may direct, at the price of 12 1/2 cents for each complete ration.

Second. That the ration to be furnished by virtue of this contract shall consist of the following articles, viz: Three fourths of a pound of pork or bacon, or one and one-fourth pounds of fresh or salt beef; twenty-two ounces of bread or flour, or one pound of hard bread, or one and one-fourths pounds of corn-meal; and at the rate to every 100 rations, eight quarters of beans or peas and ten pounds of rice or hominy; ten pounds of green coffee, or eight pounds of roasted and ground coffee, or one and one-half pounds of tea; fifteen pounds of sugar; four quarts of vinegar; one pound of sperm candles, or one and one-fourth pounds of adamantine candles, or one and one-half pounds of tallow candles; four pounds of soap and two quarts of salt.

In addition to the foregoing, twice per week, one gallon of molasses for 100 rations, and thrice per week potatoes at the rate of one pound per man.

Third. That fresh beef shall be issued at least twice in each week, and oftener if required by the commanding officer.

Fourth. It is clearly understood that the provisions stipulated to be furnished and delivered under this contract shall be of the first quality.

Fifth. Should any difficulty arise respecting the quality of provisions stipulated to be delivered under this contract, then the commanding officer is to appoint a disinterested person to met one of the same description to be appointed by the contractor. These two thus appointed shall have power to decide upon the quality of the provisions, but should they disagree a third person is to be chosen by the two already appointed, the whole to act under oath, and the opinion of the majority shall be final in the case.

Sixth. No member of Congress shall be admitted to any share herein or any benefit to arise therefrom.

In witness whereof the undersigned have placed their hands and seals the day and date above written.

JACOB ZETTLER. [SEAL.]

LOUIS ZETTLER. [SEAL.]

Captain B. P. WALKER. [SEAL.]

Witness:

ENOS BELLER.

