
President down. As to the character and standing of the men who write and testify in my behalf I refer you to Brigadier General C. P. Buckingham.

B. P. WALKER.

[Sub-inclosure A.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Washington, May 21, 1862.

Captain B. P. WALKER,

Commissary of Subsistenc, Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: In reply to yours of the 18th instant you will, if troops are to be subsisted at Camp Chase after the expiration of the present contract, advertise for proposals for complete rations and enter into a contract.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Sub-inclosure B.]

To Contractors:

Bids will be received until 12 m. on Sunday, the 7th day of June, 1862, from first hands and from citizens loyal to the Government of the United States only for supplying "coplete rations," to be delivered at the commissary department at Camp Chase, Ohio, at such times as may be required, commencing on the 15th day of June and to continue until the 1st day of November, 1862. The ration to be furnsihed to consist of the following articles, viz: Three-fourths of a pound or pork or bacon, or one and one-fourth pounds of fresh or salt beef; twenty-two ounces of bread or flour, or one pound of hard bread, or one and one-fourth pounds of corn-meal; andat the rate to every 100 rations, eight quarters of beans or peas and ten pounds of rice or hominy; ten pounds of green coffee, or eight pounds of roasted and ground coffee, orone and one-half pounds of tea; fifteen pounds of sugar; four quarts of vinegar; one pound of sperm candles, or one and one-fourth pounds of adamantine candles, or one and one-half pounds of tallow candles; four pounds of soapand twoquarts of salt. In addition to the foregoing, twiceper week, one gallon of molasses per 100 rations, and thrice per week potatoes at the rate of one poud per man.

The provisions are to be of the first quality and to be delivered inpackages suitable for transportatioin when required. Bids will be for so much per ration and will be sent to my address, Box 433, Columbus, Ohio, indorsed, Proposals.

Each bid must be accompanied by the names of at least three responsible parties who will become sureties for the faithful performance of the contract.

B. P. WALKER,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, May 30, 1862.

IN THE FIELD, Lexington, Mo., November 4, 1862.

Major General S. R. CURTIS, Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: I design leaving here for Independence to-morrow. I have been detained here much longer than I expected to be on my arrival. The inhabitants of the country are generally disloyal and a

