
large majority of them are actively so. They are fierce, overbaring, defiant and insulting, whilst the Union spirit is cowed and disposed to be sumissive. There is no earthly hope for peace in this portion of the State until a separation is effected. With a view to this end I have caused the disloyalists to be arrested and held in close custody. The milder prisoners I have allowed to give their parole to leave the State in ten days not to return. Many are availing themselves of this privilege. The others must be sent out of the State and held in custody until the close of the war, or at least until society is so far reconstructed here as to allow the courts to be held and civil rights to be enforced. Another reason that has induced me to have these disloyal persons arrested is to break up the social relations here. "Good society," as it is termed, is exclusively rebel. Another motive is that the traders, merchants and bankers who transact the business of the country are all traitors. Out of the monopolies secured to them by the employment of their competitor, who are loyal in the military services in suppressing the troubles that these traitors incite, they are making large fortunes as the reward of their disloyalty, and they have the badtasteto laugh at honest patriots for serving so faithfully a Government that discriminates against them so fearfully. It requires a high and noble patriotism that can bear the comparison. The business of the country must be ocnducted by loyal men only, and loyal men only must be left here to transact it. "Regulations of trade" which haveno stronger guards than oaths and bonds will not exclude rebels from embarking in the trade of the country that promises a profit. I think nineteen out of every twenty of the traders in stock who supply the Government from this part of the country are disloyal, and it is through such channels that such bands as Quantrill's find a market for their stolen property.

I have had scouts out almost daily in every direction for then I think I have driven the bushwhackers from the country, but they will return immediately. It is much easier to catch with your hands a rat in a warehouse filled with a thousand flour barrels than it is to catch a band of guerrillas when almost every man, woman and child are their spies, pickets or couriers. There are some 200 held as prisoners on the general charge of disloyalty. They are generally actively disloyal. the remainder of the disloyal inhabitants I propose to have brought in as rapidly as possible. In Jackson, Cass, Johnson and Saline the same course will be pursued until none but loyal citizens will be allowed to remain at large in these counties. Among the prisoners captured are some notoriously bad characters; others of like stamp have fled the country precipitately. If you would direct the transfer of the worst of these prisoners to some depot for prisoners the effect would be most beneficial. I am in hopes that within thirty days I shall be able to report all quiet on the frontier.

To-day I have directed that Vincent Marmaduke, a disloyal member of the State convention, be permitted to give his parole to leave the State within ten days and not return. Sample Orr, another disloyal member of the convention and register of lands in Jefferson, whom I had confined for uttering disloyal sentiments in delivering a speech at Jefferson, was released by order of Governor Gamble. Whilst gentlemen who occupy high official positions are allowed to preach treason in the State capital it will require the most active, zealous and energetic action on the part of the loyal troops to preserve law and order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

