
GRATIOT STREET PRISON, November 4, 1862.

General CURTIS:

I see by the Saint Louis papers of to-day that a boat with Federal poisoners from Little Rock arrived at Helena on the 30th ultimo. If appears that the Confederate Government observes the cartel in all respects, and I again in behalf of myself and members of the Twenty-first Texas Cavalry demand our exchange. Some have been confined a month and others nearly that time. We claim simple justice and that respect for our rights to which as prisoners of war we are entitled.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. GIDDINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, C. S. Army.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 5, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Allow me to repeat the recommendation that the paroled Union prisoners at this place and Camp Douglas not likely to be soon exchanged be honorably discharged from service. It is impossible to control men when in idleness. I hope it may not be true as reported that the men belonging to the Sixtieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers (infantry) have been discharged generally without pay. There are many gallant men among them.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 5, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe:

Intercepted letters state that several women intend to leave Richmond soon to obtain supplies or to quarter themselves and their families on their friends in the North while their husbands and sons are fighting in the rebel armies. They say that they have arranged to come under passes from the rebel authorities and permission from you on the truce boats. As it would be against the positive orders of this Department to permit anybody except exchanged prisoners to come, your attention is called to the matter. To guard against the violation of the rule by your subordinates you will hereafter require a complete list in duplicate to be made of all persons (including the officers and crew) who go up the river on every truce boat and another list of all those who come down on every such boat on return, both lists to be certified by the officer in charge of the boat, and one copy to be transmitted to this Department and the other to be filed at the headquarters of your department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, November 5, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON:

The statement in the intercepted letters is entirely untrue. I have given no permission to any woman or family to come from Richmond. On the contrary I have given positive orders to let no one come from Aiken's Landing with the flag-of-truce boats except released prisoners.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

