HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 5, 1862.

His Excellency S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City.

GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 30th is just received. the main points have been answered in my letter of the 1st instant. I have no official information in regard to the treatment of Iowa prisoners at Annapolis. It was reported, however, that some of the prisoners in marching through the city were guilty of great outrages, robbing and plundering property. I do not know that any of them were from Iowa. Probably the employment of a guard in marching prisoners through that city was to prevent a repetition of these offenses.

You may be assured, Governor, that Iowa troops will not be neglected. All their wants have been and will be supplied there as rapidly as possible, much sooner indeed than they could be if sent in their destitute condition to their own State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 5, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: Your will immediately proceed to Alexandria and make an examination into the condition of the paroled Federal troops in the camp or hospital appropriated to them in or near that city. Inquire particularly into the facts connected with the treatment of a detachment of Third Wisconsin Volunteers, sent to Alexandria, as set forth in the accompanying extract from a report of the Governor of Wisconsin. Having made the inspection you will return to this city and make a full report. This inspection is made by order of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosed extract.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Madison, October 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: * * * That says seventy-five of these men were captured by the enemy May 20, 1862, and were held in prison till September 13, 1862, enduring all the privations incident to such captivity. That in a condition of weakness for want of proper food and in want of clothing these men were, on being paroled and released, sent to Annapolis, where they remained two weeks without tents or shelter, on small rations, without cooking utensils and unprovided with clothing. That the men were next sent to Alexandria and turned into a field without tents, blankets, rations or wood and so remained for some time. That after some time clothing, but not sufficient to cover absolute wants, was furnished, but their treatment otherwise was little improved, the sick in

44 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

