
particular being ill-provided for. These me ask for furlough till exchanged, or if this cannot be granted that they be supplied with what they are justly [entitled to].

Yours, respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, November 5, 1862.

General THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have just completed the necessary work on the rolls and exchange papers and shall start early to-morrow morning for Aiken's Landing. Not a moment has been lost here.

I have arranged for a barge to be sent here and to be fitted up as a receiving vessel for Confederate prisoners. This will enable me to receive and retain small detachments of prisoners sent down until there are a sufficient number collected to make up a load for a steamer. We have no place for them on shore and Fort Wool has been transferred to the engineers.

Yours, very respectfully,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel and Acting Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 5, 1862.

Honorable SAMUEL GALLOWAY, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to say that he was advised by telegraph October 22 ultimo that you had been appointed by Governor Tod special commissioner ad interim, Judge Hitchcock being unable to perform the duties of the commission by reason of sickness, and that he has also just received a communication from Judge Hitchock tendering his resignation as special commissioner to take effect the 30th October, 1862. This communication therefore is to advise Governor Tod and yourself that your appointment as commissioner ad interim is recognized and approved, and also to inform you that you are hereby appointed special commissioner in place of Honorable Reuben Hitchcock, resigned, and you will be governed by the instructions* forwarded him in your official proceedings.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

[Indorsement.]

MAJOR: You will perceive from the within papers* that Commissioner Galloway is authorized to investigate only the cases of state prisoners and his recent practice of inquiring into the cases of soldiers is without authority. As it is permitted nowhere else there seems to be no excuse of his interference. Please consider and return this.

Yours,

W. H.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 5, 1862.

EDWARD MCPHERSON, Gettysburg, Pa.

SIR: In reply to your communication to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army of the 29th ultimo relative to the release of gentlemen captured

---------------

*See instructions signed by L. C. Turner, August 23, 1862. p. 425.

---------------

