
recently in Pennsylvania, I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say that arrangements or now being made for the release or exchange of all civilians in confinement in Southern prisons. Applications for the release of particular individuals cannot at present be considered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infty., Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, November 6, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington, D. C.

SIR: I learn that Lieutenant Conger, of the First [Third] West Virginia U. S. Volunteer Cavalry, was captured by a superior force on the 25th of October last and sent to Richmond. I know not why a different course was taken with him from other prisoners lest it be that they are going to adopt the course with Virginia prisoners indicated some time since by Letcher, who asked that they might be handed over to him to be dealt with by the civil law. If anything of this kind is attempted I hope an order will be made to retain Virginia rebel prisoners for a like purpose by the Federal Government. Please give Lieutenant Conger's case immediate attention by way of exchange. He is an excellent, brave officer; and especially see that he is placed on as good footing as another officer from any State.

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 6, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding, New Orleans.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of October 22, requesting to know the status of the U. S. prisoners of war sent back to you under the recent cartel, I am directed by the General-in-Chief to say they cannot be ordered on duty until exchanged and that a release on parole and transfer into our lines is not an exchange.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, November 6, 1862.

Honorable L. C. TURNER, Judge-Advocate, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Ihave the honor to report to you that Captain Puffer, of Major General B. F. Butler's staff, delivered into my custody on the 4th instant three rebel clergymen named respectively Rev. Dr. Leacock, Rev. Mr. Fulton and Rev. Mr. Goodrich. I have paroled the prisoners and they are at the Astor House. Captain Puffer has left for Washington to report to the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

CAMP PAROLE, Annapolis, Md., November 6, 1862.

Colonel SANGSTER, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

SIR: Permit me to call your attention to the inhuman practice of sending paroled prisoners to this camp while in a state of extreme

