
debility, wounded, weakened by hard work, confinement in Southern prisons and diseases incidental to the parts they have come from. Some of them arrive in a moribund condition and are as it were carted here to be buried. These men you are aware arrive from all parts, are hurried out of the various hospitals in large numbers (and as the men say themselves "just to get quite of us") to report to this camp. I wish you to have this matter represented to the parties having authority and have it stopped.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

JAS. NORVAL,

Surgeon Seventy-ninth New York State Militia, in Charge.

[Indorsement.]

Approved. The condition in which these men come to this camp is deplorable. Some come here in such a condition that we have to carry them on stretchers from the steam-boat and cars. All such men should be put in hospitals where there is every comfort and care that their cases need.

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant Colonel 47th New York State Militia, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, November 7, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS, Harrisburg:

I am, directed to answer your telegram to the Secretary of War of to-day. Your employment of counsel to defend writs of habeas corpus without the direction of the War Department was improper. It was your duty to report fully on this matter and await the orders of the President. You will immediately report who issued the writs, upon what grounds they were issued, &amp;c., who are employed as counsel, and have the hearing postponed until the directions of the War Department can be obtained, which will be given without delay.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 7, 1862.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Actg. Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

If Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, U. S. Volunteers, is not on your list for exchange please put him on and exchange him if possible.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 7, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Pursuant to your instructions I yesterday made an inspection of the camp near Annapolis, where a portion of our paroled troops are stationed, and I have the honor to submit the following report: There are 7,000 to 8,000 men there living in tents, as comfortable as soldiers can expect to be under canvas at this season of the year. They should

