
[Second indorsement.]

Upon examination of the records of this office it is found that four of the officers referred to are exchanged, viz: Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, exchanged November 10, 1862; Captain W. Mittmann, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, exchanged November 10, 1862; Captain John Kayser, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, exchanged November 10, 1862; Captain Charles Mann, First Missouri Light Artillery, exchanged November 10, 1862. The names of the others, viz, written Captain [Geo.] Schuster, Third Missouri; written Lieutenant [Otto C.] Lademann, Third Missouri; written Lieutenant [John C. A.] Fischer, Third Missouri, are not o file, and in all probability are not exchanged, but the names have been sent to Colonel Ludlow for exchange.

[W. HOFFMAN.]

GRATIOT STREET PRISON, November 7, 1862.

General CURTIS:

Yesterday I was called before the provost-marshal-general and was told that there was nothing in the way of my exchange, but was denied a parole and am still confined in prison. I see from the public prints that a flag-of-truce party had returned from Little Rock and that all differences between yourself and General Holmes had been satisfactorily adjusted, and also that all Federal prisoners and cotton speculator had been released and returned from Little Rock and the prisoners captured in t he same skirmish in which I was had been paroled. Why is it that when my Government observes the cartel that I and my men are denied the benefits of it? I again, in behalf of myself and members of the Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, demand our exchange or parole in accordance with the terms of the agreement between the two Governments.

Respectfully, yours,

D. C. GIDDINGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-first Texas Cavalry, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, November 8, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that no more paroled men can be accommodated in this camp unless tents can be supplied (which I understand will be difficult, if not entirely impracticable) or barracks erected. The last of the tents in the quartermaster's hands were issued several days ago and requisitions are still coming in as additional prisoners arrive. I have been crowding the newly arrived men into tents already filled to their full capacity according to the regulations, but this shift will answer no longer and I am compelled to submit the subject to your consideration. In Camp Chase there are still as I am informed a number of unoccupied barracks erected a year ago; but the ground is so low and flat that during the open and wet weather of winter and early spring it is almost impracticable to pass along the streets and avenues on which the buildings have been erected. This camp (Camp Wallace) for the most part is no better, although it occupies the highest and most easily drained land in the vicinity of Columbus. The ground

