
occupied by a single regiment is so elevated as to be rendered tolerable by ditching, &amp;c., but the residue is covered with water during the open weather of winter and spring and is too low and flat to be ditched.

I am informed that the only eligible winter camp in Ohio is Camp Dennison, where there are still accommodations for a large force, twice or thrice the number at Camp Wallace. I would respectfully suggest that by ordering the paroled force now here to Camp Dennison better quarters would be secured and the expense of erecting barracks obviated.

Awaiting your orders, I am, with the greatest respect, your obedient, humble servant,

JAMES COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Paroled Forces, Columbus, Ohio.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 8, 1862.

Surg. JOSIAH SIMPSON,

Medical Director Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: I have just returned from an inspection of the hospital at Camp Parole, near Annapolis, which I did not find in as comfortable a condition as I think it should be. In part this grows out of the want of stoves, which I was informed you had ordered. But save putting the sick on cots in tents I could see little that was done to alleviate the many privations which sick men in camp are exposed to; nor do I think the surgeon in charge appreciates the importance of not only prescribing for the sick, but also as far as in his power of providing for the many wants which must be met to diminish their sufferings and insure a speedy recovery. A surgeon of experience is required for this position; one who, besides prescribing medicines for the sick, will devise the means and use every effort to put them in force for giving his patients every possible comfort, and I urge it on you to send such a medical officer there with at least two good assistants. It would be impossible for me to give minute instructions in this matter and they would be of little use unless the surgeon is the right person for the place. On inquiry I found there was no morning report of the hospital kept and thee was nothing to show the number of sick but the register. There did not seem to be any hospital fund, though the rations undrawn due the hospital amounted to several hundred dollars. I inclose herewith a report* which I called for, made by Doctor Norval and indorsed by the colonel commanding. According to each great improprieties have been committed in sending sick men from hospitals to this camp who were almost in a dying condition. Such things I am sure do not meet your approval and I would be glad to be informed who it is who has been so reckless of his duty. One stove in three tents I am afraid will make the middle one too hot, while the other two would not be warmed, and I therefore suggested to you by telegram to use two small stoves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

