HDQRS. HAROLD AND RANDOLPH REGIMENT,ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,

Glasgow, Mo., November 9, 1862.

Brigadier General LEWIS MERRILL,

Commanding Northeast District, Macon City, Mo.

GENERAL: I am gratified to be able to report that the efforts of the Enrolled Militia since their organization in this county have resulted in the restoration of peace and apparent good feeling amongst our people, and to guarantee a continuance of this state of affairs for the future I beg to suggest that after consultation with my officers and influential Union men in this county the following active and persevering rebels should be banished to some loyal State, there to take their abode during the continuance of the war. This done and I feel confident that permanent peace will speedily ensue, viz: Gerard Robinson, Wade M. Jackson (brother of ex-Governor), Rev. David Fisher, James S. Thomson, Alex. Aldridge, Dr. J. C. Heberling, Dr. William C. Harvey, Thomas E. Birch, Richard H. Robinson, Stephen Bynum, John S. Haden.

Lieutenant-Colonel Green, Lieutenant McNair and myself expect to start to Brunswick to-morrow in compliance with your special order.

Your obedient servant,

TH. J. BARTHOLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Make order for banishment.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 10, 1862.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati.

GENERAL: It is officially reported that the rebel generals in Kentucky paroled men as prisoners of war who have never borne arms and are not of suitable age so to do. No such prisoners will be recognized or exchanged as prisoners of war. Again it is reported that certain conditions not included in the cartel have been introduced into the paroles. Such conditions a re not binding and will not be observed. The terms and meaning of the parole are fixed by the cartel and cannot be varied from. The parole is virtually given by the Government and not by individuals, and where individuals see fit to incur obligations not authorized by the Government and which the enemy have no right to impose such obligations will not be recognized by the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 10, 1862.

His Excellency Governor E. SALOMON, Madison, Wis.

SIR: In reply to yours of October 20 calling attention to alleged ill-treatment of paroled prisoners from Wisconsin I am directed by the

