
Secretary of War to say that the subject has been referred to the commissary-general of prisoners for investigation, who reports as follows:

On a personal inquiry I can learn that there was unavoidably a good deal of exposure and suffering among the paroled troops at Camp Parole, near Annapolis, in consequence of large numbers being sent there before adequate provisions had been made for them. All the troops now there are as well provided for as they can be in tents, and with few exceptions they rae suitable clothed. The accompanying report* of Captain Freedley will show the condition of the paroled troops at Alexandria. There are but three men there from Wisconsin and they are well provided for.

W. HOFFMAN.

Very respectfully,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 10, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report in the case of Richard H. Clark and others implicated, as already disclosed in the accompanying report* of E. J. Allen, detective, &amp;c., that it is manifest that Richard H. Clark (now in custody) has been quite actively engaged in corresponding with persons within the rebel lines and in forwarding correspondence to and from such persons and is otherwise implicated in disloyal practices. It is also disclosed that Edward Ives, a Boston merchant, is in clandestine correspondence with his brother, Colonel Joseph [C.] Ives, an aide to Jefferson Davis, and expresses himself in sympathy with the rebellion; that there is an officer in the Federal Army stationed near Alexandria who is in treasonable communication with the rebels, aiding the escape of Southern sympathizers to Richmond, writing treasonable letters and signs himself "J. " In one of these letters, postmarked 'Alexandria, October 18," ultimo, addressed to Mrs. to Mrs. Wood, of Dorchester, Mass. (the mother of Colonel Ives, of the rebel army), the writer says:

Our division is still at the same places it was after Bull Run the second, and are willing to remain rather than meet Jackson or his confreres again. We have become very peaceable in our dispositions lately and anxious that our names should not be used in the effective measures to crush out the rebellion.

This letter of "J. " discloses the name of Miss Olivia Floyd, at Port Tobacco, and that she is engaged in all sorts of disloyal practices and is in frequent and intimate communication with this officer in our army who signs himself "J. " Miss Olivia Floyd has been ordered arrested and conveyed to the Old Capitol, and from her it is expected can be obtained the name of the traitorous officer who signs himself "J. " There would seem to be hardly room to doubt the disloyal and treasonable complicity of the persons above named with rebel officers, in aiding and assisting the rebels and acting as spies, &c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 10, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL TYLER,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

GENERAL: I am authorized by the Secretary of War to direct that at the camp of paroled troops where the regular company organizations

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

