
One or two of the lodges were better, all the rest worse than his. The boxes from the Chicago commission contained thirty-five comfortable or quilts, many of them only feet and two feet six inches wide, forty pairs of socks, three pairs of pantaloons, seven undershirt and four of drawers, a few shirts, pillows and pillow-cases. I unpacked the things and piled them up in the wagon in parcels of the same kind of articles. I had the wagon driven around the margin of the woods. I walked through the woods selected the nakedest of the naked to whom I doled out the few articles I had, and when all was gone I found myself surrounded by hundreds of anxious faces, disappointed to find that nothing remained for them. The pillow-cases were the most essential articles next to food for they the only than families had to receive their portion of the meal or flour furnished them.

They are extremely destitute of cooking utensils and axes or hatches. Many can with difficulty get wood to make fires either to warm themselves or to took with, which together with the want of cooking utensils compels many of them to eat their provisions raw. They greatly need medical assistance. Many have their toes frozen off; others have feet wounded by sharp ice or branches of trees lying on the snow. But few have shoes or moccasins. They suffer with inflammatory deceases of the chest, throat and eyes. Those who come in last get sick as of the chest, throat and eyes. Those who come in last get sick as soon as they eat. Means should be taken at once to have the horses which lie dead in every direction through the camp and on the side of the river removed and burned, lest the first few warm days breed a pestilence amongst them. Why the officers of the Indian Department are not doing something for them I cannot understand. Common humanity demands that more should be done and done at once to save them from total destruction.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CAMPBELL,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure D.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF DEPT. OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 5, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.

SIR: In compliance with your request that I would submit such suggestion as occurred to me in my receipt visit to the loyal and destitute Indians now within the southern border of this State-in regard to their numbers, the best locality for them, their requirements and arrangements for supplying them-I have the honor briefly to offer the following:

At the time I was among them it was impossible to get definitely their total numbers. They were scattered over a great extent of country but were daily coming in at point I visited them. At that time they numbered nearly 5,000. I calculate their numbers would swell to at least 8,000 and probably 10,000-men, women, children and negroes.

The place they concentrated at was on the Verdigris River at a point called Fort Roe, about thirty-five or forty miles from Le Roy and Burlington, on the Neosho.

The locality presented itself to me as a desirable one of their sojourn till at least definite arrangements should be made for their permanent abiding place. It is on Indian land and sufficiently removed from settlers to obviate the difficulties and disputes which would certainly arise if brought in close contact. There are a few settlers in the vicinity on the Verdigris, but as they have no right on Indian lands the can raise no objection to these Indians beings here or the free use of the timber.

