
with my belief that it would be comparatively unsafe the release them immediately, induced me to take the responsibility and hold them for specific instructions. If they are to be released unconditionally it will be much more safe when I have your specific instructions than it would have been when they were reported at this post. That you may clearly understand their position I inclose herewith a list* of these prisoners, with rank, &amp;c.

Let me repeat, I called upon them to say whether they were willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States but did not say they should be released. Many of them no doubt inferred that their release would follow. There would be no breach of good faith to send them for exchange, but a judicious selection should in my judgment be made if they are sent forward. There are three names at the end of the list whose exact status I am unable to determine. They are men of some importance.

I await your decision in regard to their character and disposition.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

PETER ZINN,

Major Governor's Guards, Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 12, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

If the prospect for the exchange of prisoners is still remote allow me to repeat the commendation that they at once be mustered out of the service. It is impossible to maintain order among idle men.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., November 12, 1862.

GENERAL OFFICER COORCES,

Memphis, Tenn.

SIR: I am credibly informed that on or about the 11th day of September, 1862, Mr. William H. White, a citizen of De Soto County, Miss., was inhumanly murdered in the presence of his presence of his mother and wife near his residence on the Hernando and Memphis plank road about thirteen miles from Memphis. I am also informed that this murder was perpetrated by a party of Illinois cavalry (said to be the Sixth) in the service of the United States Government and under the immediate command and direction of one Captain Boicourt. It is further stated that Boicourt himself inflicted the first wound upon the murdered man.

In view of these reported facts I have the honor to inform you that by direction of my Government I have taken by lot from the U. S. prisoners of war captured by our forces the four whose names follow: (1) James E. Gaddy, Company E, Sixth Illinois Cavalry; (2) Bernard Collins, Company E, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry; (3) A. M. Shipman, Company D, Forty-third Ohio Infantry; (4) Nicholas Hoit, Company C, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

I am also directed to inform you that if the account of the murder be true retaliation will be made on [these] prisoners unless the murderers are punished. The case, sir, is very plainly before you. There is not a shadow of doubt that the account of the murder is true and I await

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

