
your decision as to who shall suffer the penalty. I have directed Major General Earl Van Dorn to forward this communication through flag of truce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 12, 1862.

Colonel SANGSTER, Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.:

You will repair immediately to this city and report to the commissary-general of prisoners.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, near Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will order all the paroled troops from the State of Iowa at Camp Parole to Camp Benton [Benton Barracks], near Saint Louis. Place the detachment under the command of the senior non-commissioned officer if you have no commissioned officer from Iowa present and furnish cooked rations for the journey. Call on the quartermaster for the necessary transportation. Give the officer in charge strict orders to allow no irregularities or delays by the way and to the commanding officer at Benton Barracks on his arrival. Furnish him with full rolls of the detachment as far as you are able, with a statement of clothing issued to them.

You will furnish me immediately with a list of all officers and enlisted men absent without leave, giving the dates, and all so absent will forfeit all pay and allowance. See paragraph 1326, Army Regulations. Be careful to note all absences on your muster-rolls.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, November 12, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW:

The Confederate prisoners of war will leave here this day or to-morrow morning. They can be placed in tents at Fort Monroe. They cannot be kept here any longer. The trouble they cause while in or near this city in consequence of there being so many rebel sympathizers is unendurable.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, November 12, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I expected to leave this afternoon in the Henry Burden for Washington, but the absence of General Dix at Suffolk obliges me to await his return, expected to-morrow.

