
Now after being kept in the South all summer we are in the winter brought down here to try a New England winter. We are all unprepared to stand the rigors of this climate. We are also fed by contractors and poorly fed. It is in the morning a small slice of cold beef, some coffee and bread; at noon it is some rice, bread and molasses; supper it is bread and tea. And also our clothing is too light. We are greatly in want of overcoats and stockings. Now, Your Excellency, what we ask is this, that if consistent with your duties you will try and have us removed to Saint Louis so that we may get our pay which our families are in great need of at this time. All the boys are most willing for the field again if soon exchanged, but do not want to lie inactive here. Such is the prayer of the soldiers of the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Regiments of Missouri Volunteers, to His Excellency Governor Gamble, by the undersigned.

With great respect,

JOSEPH H. BROWN.

ABRAHAM VAN METER.

F. M. SELDON.

[And 77 others.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI,Adjutant-General's Office, November 28, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War, asking that these men being exchanged may be sent back to Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, to join their respective regiments.

By order of the Governor of Missouri:

WM. D. WOOD,

Acting Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, November 13, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Indiana troops that were taken prisoners and paroled are in prime condition and ready to take the field immediately on being exchanged. I hope it can be done at once.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 13, 1862.

Major G. B. BROWN, Louisville, Ky.

SIR: Your letter of the 27th ultimo addressed to the Secretary of War in behalf of Major Jordan has been referred to me, and I have to say that your letter, one from General Boyle and one from Judge Casey, inclosing a letter from Mrs. Jordan, will be forwarded to Aiken's Landing by the earliest opportunity, to have the case laid before the authorities at Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

45 R--SERIES II, VOL IV

