HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE,November 13, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I understand that all at Annapolis (from the morning papers) are exchanged. If this is the case I would ask permission to send an officer, Major McKay, to take charge of the men of my regiment and bring all to the regiment. Many I understand have already left for their homes, and I fear unless I have some one to take charge of them that more will leave for their homes.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. COGSWELL,

Colonel Second New York [Heavy Artillery].

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 17, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners. Prompt steps should be taken to have the men and officers exchanged sent to their regiments. The order announcing the last exchange is in course of preparation. Would Colonel Hoffman like to suggest any instructions to be embodied in the order relative to the above desirable object?

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., November 13, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Headquarters, Cincinnati, Ohio.

DEAR GENERAL: I called on General Granger to-night to arrange a system of exchange for Kentucky home-guards arrested and paroled by the rebel forces when in this State, and as he has determined to refer the matter to you, allow me to offer a word or two. These home-guards are voluntary associations for home defense, not in National or State service, receive no pay and lawfully subject to no orders. Many of them have been arrested and paroled by the rebels in violation of right or usage among civilized belligerents, and whilst it is of no lawful force it may entail consequences upon the parties paroled they are unwilling to risk. A general order releasing them would not satisfy them. To send them off for exchange would be dignifying an unlawful act. The remedy I would suggest is to have arrested an equal number of rebel sympathizers in our midst and proceed at once to exchange them upon the spot. This might be so effected as to command rebel observance. We greatly need these paroled home-guards for State defense under our militia system. I hope you will not modify General Buell's order in regard to rebel recruits or those giving active aid and assistance. We must rid the State of those men and we have already had too many oaths and bounds violated to trust further in them. I further hope the decision of all questions under arrests made in this part of the State will be referred to the commanding general and not to General Boyle. The action of General Boyle has been so capricious as to forfeit the confidence of loyal men here.

Very truly, yours,

W. C. GOODLOE.

