
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 25, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the commissary-general of prisoners with the request that he inform me whether the proposition of Judge Goodloe is admissible. It is very desirable that the home-guards of Kentucky who have been paroled by the rebels be released from such parole if possible. Some, probably all, the home-guards paroled have been so paroled as not to be subject to exchange.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

Article 4 of the cartel clearly prescribed the parole to be given by those captured and any other restrictions imposed are null and void. This is also the view of Mr. Ould. Errors in paroles are frequently committed by subordinate officers in both armies and the case of the Kentucky home-guards is an instance in point. The admission that these men are needed in the military service of Kentucky in addition to the fact of their being a military organization, although not mustered in, clearly requires their exchange under the cartel. I will invite the attention of Mr. Ould to the subject. Send paroles of lists recently sent. Declare the additional list of Indiana troops at Munfordville exchanged.

[W. HOFFMAN.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 14, 1862.

Governor MORTON, Indianapolis:

Please report immediately, first, the regimental number of the Indiana paroled prisoners referred to in your telegram; second, the number and rank of officers and what number of men are ready for exchange; third, where they were taken prisoners and the date; fourth, where they now are. The agent of exchange is here and leaves this evening. Immediate answer required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have been asked by the members of the family of Mr. Pierre Soule, now in confinement at Fort Lafayette, to suggest the propriety of having him released upon parole. Because of his age it is represented that his health is suffering from the confinement. I am convinced that Mr. Soule might with safety be given his parole to reside in the city of Boston and not to communicate with the enemies of the United States until such time as he might be brought to trial. I believe he would keep that parole, and hope you will grant him that indulgence if not inconsistent with your views of public duty.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

