
under the pretended authority of Major-General Lewis by which seven U. S. soldiers have been executed for no crime. The charges allege "desertion and treason. " But that desertion is only supported by the fact that as residents and citizens of Louisiana they formed a part of the supposed militia of Louisiana. There is no pretense that they had ever been in the field. They had been duly enlisted in the service of the United States, were surrendered prisoners of war, were made to dig their own graves and then wantonly murdered. You will be pleased to inform me whether this act is assumed by the Confederate Government.

I have enlisted a number of thousands of the inhabitants of the State of Louisiana into the Army of the United States, and I am naturally desirous to know whether this course is to be taken toward them when they surrender [as] prisoners of war. I need not say to you that I know how to protect myself and my soldiers from such acts. To you, formerly a soldier of the U. S. Army, knowing the laws and rules of war, I need not further enlarge upon the probable consequences of allowing the proceedings of such a court to go on unrevised. The copy of the proceedings in my hands is not complete, but is so sufficiently to show the nature of the transaction.

I have desired and still desire in all cases to conduct the war according to its usages among civilized nations; but this transaction cannot be tolerated.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE REGIMENT,Bayou des Allemands, September 18, 1862.

JOHN LEIGHTER,

A Prisoner now Incarcerated in Jail at Thibodeaux:

You are hereby notified that pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 139, of Major General J. L. Lewis, commanding Louisiana forces, a general court-martial will assemble at the court-house in the town of Thibodeaux (parish of La Fourche) at 10 o'clock a. m. on Monday, the 22nd instant, or so soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of yourself or such other prisoners as may be brought before it. The charges and specifications under which you are to be tried accompany this order.

Detail of officers of court-martial:

1. Colonel J. R. Bisland, Terre Bonne Regiment, president.

2. Lieutenant Colonel W. Minor, Terre Bonne Regiment.

3. Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Burton, La Fourche Regiment.

4. Captain C. C. Williams, Company C, La Fourche Regiment.

5. Captain C. M. Gillis, Company B, La Fourche Regiment.

6. Captain J. S. Perkins, Company D, La Fourche Regiment.

7. Captain R. R. McBride, Company G, La Fourche Regiment.

8. Captain E. D. Guidry, Company G, Terre Bonne Regiment.

9. Captain E. J. Hotard, Company D, Terre Bonne Regiment.

10. Lieutenant A. F. Knobloch, Company F, Terre Bonne Regiment.

11. Lieutenant Thos. J. Hargis, Company K, Terre Bonne Regiment.

12. Lieutenant J. P. Tucker, Company C, La Fourche Regiment.

13. Lieutenant E. W. Blake, acting adjutant La Fourche Regiment, judge-advocate.

14. Lieutenant W. H. Ragan, La Fourche Regiment, provost-marshal.

