
Charges and specifications.

Numbers 1. JOHN LEIGHTER, a German, from La Fourche Parish.

FIRST CHARGE: Desertion.

First Specification. --In that the said John Leighter, being a private in the La Fourche militia, having enjoyed the privileges of a resident and a citizen, did desert when called upon the serve in the militia and was found in the ranks of the enemy at the surrender of Bayou des Allemands.

SECOND CHARGE: Treason and violation of Article 57 of the Articles of War.

First Specification. --In that the said John Leighter did, with several others, arrest and deliver over to the enemy of the State a Confederate officer, one Lieutenant Perry; this about the first part of the month of July.

Second Specification. --In that the prisoner did act as a spy and guide for the enemy in their marauding excursions upon the Vacherie.

The foregoing charges and specifications are proffered by Colonel Thomas E. Vick, of the La Fourche Regiment.

Your list of witnesses must be handed in to the judge-advocate immediately.

E. W. BLAKE,

Judge-Advocate.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 14, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to ask if I shall make preparations to store provisions for the winter. Thus far I have only required about ten or twelve days' rations to be furnished ahead. To-day I have ordered one month's supplies. I would be glad if you inform me at your earliest convenience whether I shall store three months' supplies or not. To-day I received $27,000 subsistence funds. I can now pay up everything in the subsistence department, but in the quartermaster's department I owe over $20,000--to Gregg and West about $5,000, of long standing; to Bristol, pay for his boat since 1st of June. My requisitions have all been allowed by the Quartermaster-General, and he has informed me that he has required on the Treasury for the amount, but still I hear nothing from it. The money is very much needed. I would like to pay Bristol very much. He is sorely in need of money.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. H. READ,

Captain, U. S. Army, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, November 14, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Tyler, commanding, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant authorizing the reduction of the rations to the paroled men at this camp by a scale proposed and inclosed in your letter. Since the arrival of the paroled men at Camp Douglas the regimental and company organizations have been kept up, and the men have been required to do guard duty and to drill without arms the same as if not paroled. Under this state of things, which it is hoped will keep this command in a healthy state of discipline until exchanged and thus render it efficient in the

