
other refugees, subsisting on the charity of the citizens. Everything at home has been destroyed. I am much worn from exposure and hardship, but hold myself subject to the orders of your department. The reason I have not reported myself in person I think is apparent to every husband and father.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

E. T. TILLOTSON.

P. S. --Your early answer is respectfully solicited.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 15. Nashville, Tenn., November 14, 1862.

The general commanding is pained to learn that many soldiers have sought and allowed themselves to be captured and paroled by the enemy to escape from further military duty and in order to be sent home. He esteems such conduct as even more base and cowardly than desertion, which though punishable by law with death has a semblance of courage when contrasted with voluntary capture. All soldiers so captured and paroled will in future be placed under arrest and reported to these headquarters. All soldiers captured and paroled while straggling from their commands will be dealt with in like manner.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 15, 1862.

His Excellency S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City.

GOVERNOR: A new commissioner for the exchange of prisoners has been appointed and it is hoped that the matters complained of may be remedied. All your communications on the subject will be brought to his notice.

I understand that most of the prisoners referred to by you have been exchanged, but that there has been some unavoidable delay in making out the rolls. Moreover, lists made out by colonels of regiments are frequently very erroneous and defective and that delays are frequently caused by neglect of regimental officers.

If the enemy has neglected to send forward any prisoners or still retains them contrary to the terms of the cartel we have no power to correct the evil other than by calling the attention of the Confederate commissioner to this neglect, which has already been done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that there are 898 prisoners of war at Johnson's Island subject to exchange, 99 at Camp Chase and 351 at

