
viz: First, are the enlisted men of Ninth Michigan Volunteers exchanged or not? If not, shall they be at once withdrawn from the advance and sent to Camp Wallace, Ohio? Second, am I exchanged or not? Third, are Lieutenants Henry M. Duffield, Leonard J. Wright and A. P. Dickinson exchanged or not? Fourth, if exchanged shall they at once rejoin their regiments in the field? Do they not require a certificate from your department showing in the fact of their actual exchange and an order to rejoin their regiment? They have all three been on active duty in the field since the 13th September last. Fifth, the cartel as to exchange of prisoners, last clause article 4, provides:

That the exchange is not to be considered complete until the officer or soldier exchanged for has been actually restored to the lines to which he belongs.

Section 4, article 6:

That no officer, soldier or employe in the service of either party is to be considered as exchanged and absolved from his parole until his equivalent has actually reached the lines of his friends.

What evidence if any is furnished to the exchanged prisoner as to his full exchange under this article and from what department?

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. W. DUFFIELD,

Colonel Ninth Regimental Michigan Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., November 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

Have the six companies of Ninth Michigan Volunteers captured at Murfreesborough, Tenn., July last been exchanged and shall they be sent into the field?

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, November 10, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

The six companies of the Ninth Michigan have not been exchanged.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WASHINGTON, November 11, 1862.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE:

Enlisted men captured at Murfreesborough, Tenn., by General Forrest fully exchanged. Captain M. Mansfield and Lieutenant H. Barrows, Ninth Michigan Volunteers, are exchanged. Paroled troops not exchanged go to Camp Wallace, Columbus, Ohio.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 187. Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers, is detailed as commissioner for the exchange of prisoners of war.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

