
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 16, 1862.

Colonel LUDLOW, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

You will please report what officers and men specified in the annexed telegram of Laz. Noble, adjutant-general of Indiana, dated at Indianapolis, November 15, 1862, and addressed to the Secretary of War, have been exchanged.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., November 15, 1862--9 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Indiana troops taken at Richmond, Ky., August 30, 1862: Twelfth, Sixteenth, Sixty-sixth, Sixty-ninth, Seventy-first and part of the Fifty-fifth Regiments; Brigadier-General Manson, Lieutenant-Colonels Williams and Stout, Major Kempton, 4 regimental adjutants, 1 quartermaster, 33 captains, 33 first lieutenants and 3,047 non-commissioned officers and privates.

Taken at Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862: Part of Seventeenth and Seventy-fourth Regiments, Fiftieth, Sixtieth, Sixty-seventh, Sixty-eighth and Eighty-ninth Regiments; Colonels Wilder, Dunham, Owen, Emerson, King and Murray; Lieutenant-Colonels Templeton, Buehler, Shaw and Craven; Majors Wells and Cubberly, 5 adjutants, 3 quartermasters, 40 captains, 41 first lieutenants, 41 second lieutenants, 3,536 non-commissioned officers and privates.

All in camp here awaiting exchange and ready to take the field. Rosters were sent by mail to General Thomas which he ought to have received ere this. Colonel Gooding, Twenty-second Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, Twenty-ninth Regiment; Lieutenant Mason, Thirteenth Battery; Quartermaster Igoe, Thirty-fifth Regiment; Lieutenant Turbit [Turbett], Eighteenth [Eightieth] Regiment; Captain John H. Terry [Ferry], assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenants Davis, Thirty-sixth Regiment, and Penner, Thirty-ninth [Forty-second] Regiment; Second Lieutenant Colman, Forty-second [Thirty-ninth] Regiment, all taken in Kentucky, are also here.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General of Indiana.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that all the officers and men specified in the annexed telegram have been exchanged.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 16, 1862.

Major-General McCLERNAND, Springfield, Ill.:

All the Indiana troops taken at Richmond have been exchanged. This will increase the force for your expedition about 8,000.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

