
I venture to say that flags of truce have never been used with a more careful regard to their sacred character than at this post. I have always selected the most discreet and vigilant officers and placed them under the most rigid instructions. So careful have I have not to violate them that I refused permission to one of the principal officers at this post to send some mourning garments to a little girl, his niece, in Richmond, that she might notice in the customary mode the death of a near relative. Passengers have only been allowed to take their wearing apparel, except in a single instance in which a French lady of advanced age had permission to take some claret for her own use. Confederate prisoners have not been permitted to take anything with them but their ordinary baggage, and articles in their possession not coming within this restriction have been uniformly taken from them.

The only instance in which I have allowed anything to be sent to Aiken's Landing was for Mr. Aiken himself. He had been very kind to our sick officers and men and I allowed him to purchase in Baltimore four boxes of tin to repair his roof, 1,000 cigars and a dozen pocket handkerchiefs, all for his own use.

I have been thus particular because Major Shenk, who appears to have had more zeal than discretion or just conception of his own duty, has been guilty of a breach of trust in failing to report to me the facts stated in his letter, and has done a great injustice to the officers in charge of flag-of-truce boats by bringing accusations against them which imply either fraud or gross negligence.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 17, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that your letter of the 14th instant inclosing a list of officers and seamen of the U. S. Navy whom you desire to have exchanged as prisoners of war has been referred to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, with instructions to carry out your wishes as early as practicable.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, November 17, 1862.

General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

If you have any rebel prisoners of war please send them to Cairo to be forwarded to Vicksburg for exchange. Notify General Tuttle and give me the number.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

