
treat them in case of regular capture with unusual severity the Government will make their cause its own. If they are taken by guerrillas they will be subject to no law and must not be taken.

NOBLE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 19. Cincinnati, Ohio, November 17, 1862.

It having been officially reported that men who have never borne arms and are not of suitable age so to do have been paroled as prisoners of war by the enemy it is hereby ordered that no such prisoners be recognized or exchanged as prisoners of war. No condition introduced into a parole is binding unless included in the conditions embraced in the cartel published in General Orders, Numbers 142, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, September 25, 1862, and therefore no such condition will be observed. The terms and meaning of the parole are fixed by the cartel and cannot be varied from. Where individuals see fit to incur obligations not authorized by Government and which the enemy has no right to impose such obligations will not be recognized.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 18, 1862.

Adjutant-General HILLHOUSE, Albany:

The New York paroled troops at Camp Douglas have been exchanged and ordered to Washington to be prepared for the field.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, November 18, 1862.

Lieutenant E. M. COATES, Post Adjutant.

(For Brigadier-General Bowen, commanding.)

SIR: I expect some difficulty here with regard to the civil authority and the State prisoners at Fort Lafayette and I have to request that two full companies of volunteers be applied for and stationed at this post immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding at Fort Lafayette:

Direct Lieutenant Wood to make no answer. Allow no communication with any of your prisoners nor any communication with the fort until you receive instructions from the General-in-Chief, to whom your telegram has been referred.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

