
WHEELING, VA., November 18, [1862.]

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio.

SIR: As far as you have any influence over the management of the prison camp at Camp Chase, Governor Peirpoint directs me to request you to use it in preventing the return to this State of the prisoners sent from Western Virginia whose release has not been recommended on the terms dictated by him. We learn that efforts will be made to send back Dr. Alfred Hughes, of this city, without his taking the prescribed oath administered here. If this is done it will scarcely be of any use to call on any one to take the oath.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

CAMP PAROLE, Annapolis, Md., November 18, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Cannot something be done to lessen the perpetration of crime by the paroled soldiers kept at Annapolis? Drunkenness, fighting, burglary, robbery, gambling, &amp;c., are witnessed by us daily, and even murder is not of infrequent occurrence. A person is not safe to step out to meeting or anywhere else after dark. There are probably fifty gambling stands in full blast every day. A great deal of liquor is smuggled into camp and its disgraceful effects are daily seen. If we are not soon to be exchanged--and it is still thought to be an injury to the Union cause to allow paroled soldiers to return to their homes--there ought to be something done to put down the reign of rowdyism here, and I believe that you only need to become acquainted with the condition of things here to do something in this matter.

Respectfully, yours,

M. SHAW,

Company D, Forty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 19, 1862.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Entire regiments of Western exchanged prisoners will be sent to Memphis; fractions will rejoin their regiments wherever they may be. Eastern exchanged prisoners will be sent East or to their regiments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 19, 1862.

Count MEJAN, Consul of France.

SIR: Your note of November 7, 1862, calling my attention to the imprisonment of Charles F. Pelot and others has been received. I take leave to invite your attention to the inclosed copy of a communication received by me from the Swiss consulate, in which Pelot is claimed as a citizen of Switzerland, and to beg that the French and Swiss consuls

