
will decide upon the nationality of the man, as I intend to proceed against him for fraudulently seeking the protection of a foreign power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SWISS CONSULATE, New Orleans, November 10, 1862.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

SIR: A Swiss citizen, Charles F. Pelot, resident of Thibodeaux, had been pressed into the Confederate militia and was in the camp near La Fourche when the division of General Weitzel dispersed them.

He presented himself to Captain Fuller, provost-marshal, who made him take the oath of neutrality and gave him the inclosed pass,* authorizing him to come to this city. When he arrived at Donaldsonville he was put aboard of a steam-boat and brought here to the prison ship opposite Lafayette street, where he is confined, although the other foreigners have been released. I take the liberty to ask for his release, being sure that his case is of no serious consequence.

Most respectfully,

A. PIAGET,

Swiss Consul.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 19, 1862.

Monsieur A. PIAGET, Consul of Switzerland.

SIR: Yours of November 10 calling attention to the detention of Charles F. Pelot on board a prison ship has been received. I take leave to invite your attention to the inclosed communication from the French consulate, in which Pelot is claimed as a subject of France, and beg that the French and Swiss consuls will decide and report upon the nationality of the man, as I intend to proceed against him for fraudulently seeking the protection of a foreign power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, November 7, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding Army of the Gulf.

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the incarceration on board of one of the U. S. ship of three French gentlemen, namely, Elie Leon, Bertram Lecaze and Charles F. Pelot, inhabitants of Donaldsonville, having been arrested by the U. S. troops there and sent to this city as prisoners of war. These Frenchmen declare to have never lost their nationality and to have done no act except to obey the local militia laws.

I should be much obliged to you for the order to release them and give them a pass to return to their homes.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

COUNT MEJAN.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

