HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, Miss., November 19, 1862.

GENERAL OFFICER,Commanding U. S. Forces Southwest Tennessee.

GENERAL: With your consent I desire to send for the use of the sick and wounded soldiers of the Confederate Army now in hospital at Iuka some necessary clothing, and also $1,000 with which to purchase provisions suitable to their condition. Will you be good enough to inform me at what point they shall be delivered? These stores will be forwarded to Abbeville, there to await your decision. I propose also to send, say once a week, an ambulance for such convalescents as it may be proper to remove.

I desire, general, to express my thanks for the kind treatment which the Confederate surgeon in charge informs me has been extended to our sick and wounded by the U. S. authorities at Iuka. Requesting as early a reply as may be convenient,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., November 19, 1862.

GENERAL OFFICER,

Commanding U. S. Forces Southwest Tennessee.

GENERAL: I am credibly informed that Captain W. W. Faulkner, Captain Meriwether, Lieutenant L. H. Johnson, Lieutenant Blakemore and sixteen privates belonging to Partisan Ranger Corps, C. S. Army, have been refused the benefits of the late cartel for the exchange of prisoners of war. These officers and men are as much a part of the C. S. Army as are any others composing it and as much entitled to the benefits of the cartel as any of your prisoners whom I now hold. I request therefore to be informed in reference to your intentions as regards the prisoners above referred to, and have to state that I shall cause and equal number of your prisoners to be held in close confinement until duly notified of the release on parole or otherwise of those to whom this communication refers.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 19, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The General-in-Chief directs that you issue instructions to the commanding officers of the camps of the paroled prisoners to forward at once to their regiments all prisoners of war who have been exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

