
ALTON, ILL., November 19, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Your dispatch just received. Will have prisoners ready on arrival of transportation. About 300 prisoners start to-morrow if transportation is ready.

J. HILDEBRAND,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Alton Military Prison, November 19, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Captain Freedley is here and informs me that I should not release any prisoner by order of General U. S. Grant nor any provost-marshal-general, but make all releases upon your standing or special order. And he has advised me to write and ask you for such letter of instructions which I hope you will forward me as soon as practicable and much oblige.

Very respectfully submitted.

J. HILDEBRAND,Colonel, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 19, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: The following is a copy of a telegram sent you on the 17th:

You will forward immediately to a Cairo for exchange all prisoners of war at the depot who are borne on the rolls as military men, including bushwhackers, except Dr. J. E. Dixon, Colonel J. C. Morehead, James Baker and John Garrett. Send duplicate rolls with them, but they must not be detained for the rolls if there is danger that ice will prevent their crossing. How many have you and can they leave to-morrow?

Prompt action is required in this matter and it is expected that the movement directed is on the eve of being made, if not already accomplished. The order as you will understand covers all irregular organizations except spies, and you will add any who furnish satisfactory proof of belonging to the rebel army though on the rolls as citizens. The instructions heretofore given for such movements will be observed at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 19, 1862.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: In a communication from the Department of the Missouri referred to this office relating to the cases of a number of officers taken prisoners by the Confederates in some of the earlier battles in Missouri inquiries are desired into the actual position of these officers, as much doubt has existed regarding their exchange at the time it was supposed to have taken place. Upon a careful examination of the records of this

