
office it is found that but four of the officers mentioned are reported exchanged, the remaining three it is probable have not been. I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to give you their names and request that you will please submit them for exchange at your earliest convenience. They are as follows: Captain Schuster, Third Missouri Volunteers; Lieutenant Lademann, Third Missouri Volunteers; Lieutenant Fischer, Third Missouri Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

U. S. ARMY GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Portsmouth Grove, R. I., November 19, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Your telegram dated the 18th asking by whose order were the paroled prisoners sent to Portsmouth Grove, what States they are from and the number has been received. The order was from the medical director's office, Washington City, date October 21. A list of their States and the number of men follows:

Twelfth Michigan, 27; Thirteenth Michigan, 2; First Michigan Engineers, 7; Eighteenth Missouri, 19; Second Michigan Cavalry, 3; Twenty-third Missouri, 60; Seventh Illinois Cavalry, 6; Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, 3; Seventy-first Ohio, 6; Second Illinois Battery, 3; Eighth Illinois, 3; Thirty-fifth Indiana, 1; Fourth Ohio Cavalry, 1; Fifty-ninth Illinois, 2; Ninth Illinois, 1; Fifty-second Illinois, 1; Fifty-sixth Illinois, 1; Thirty-first Indiana, 1; First Wisconsin, 1; Eighteenth Michigan, 1; Thirty-seventh Indiana, 17; Forty-sixth New York, 14; Third Michigan Cavalry, 4; First Michigan, 1; Second Tennessee, 2; Forty-seventh Illinois, 2; Eighteenth Wisconsin, 12; Fourth Kentucky, 1; Twenty-fourth Kentucky, 1; Forty-first Illinois, 1; Forty-second Illinois, 3; Twenty-first Missouri, 2; Twenty-seventh Illinois, 4; Fourth Ohio, 3; Seventh Illinois, 1; Forty-eighth Indiana, 1; Third Michigan, 1; Fourth New Hampshire, 4; Gun-boat Kingfisher, 2; Second Michigan Battery, 3; Twenty-first Ohio, 2; Seventy-seventh Ohio, 1; Twenty-fifth Missouri, 4; Fifty-seventh Illinois, 1; Buel's Missouri Battery, 1; Fourth Illinois Cavalry, 2; Forty-sixth Ohio, 1; Fifty-seventh Ohio, 1. Total of paroled prisoners, 241.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

H. LAWRENCE SHELDON,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, in Charge.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., November 19, 1862.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I am requested to address you concerning the status of enlisted men who have been paroled by the rebels. Some twenty men of the Ninth Wisconsin Infantry were wounded in battle at Newtonia, Mo., about two months since and captured by Colonel Cooper's Confederates and sworn not to take arms or fight against the Southern Confederacy. They deem themselves discharged from U. S. service on their arrival

