
here under an order of the War Department issued some time ago. Will you do me the honor for them to reply at an early date showing their relation to the service?

I am, very respectfully,

THOS. M. O'BRIEN.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 19, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

About 300 prisoners came from Alton yesterday. Shall any of these be sent? Shall prisoners be retained who have signed request to take oath of allegiance? Do I understand the order rightly to include all prisoners but citizens? And those names excepted there will be over 800. Captain Read has gone to Sandusky to see about transportation. No ice whatever. Shall send more than one company for guard.

W. S. PIERSON,

Major.

WHEELING, VA., November 19, [1862.]

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Chase.

SIR: I forward to you forty-six prisoners of war whose descriptive lists are inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

Personally I should feel disposed to treat Imboden's men as guerrillas, but I do not think the War Department will make the distinction. You can refer the matter to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners. I desire very much to be informed when citizen prisoners are released or sent to Johnson's Island. They should not be released without Governor Peirpoint's recommendation, but I know that in some cases it has been done.

ALTON, ILL., November 19, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Your letter* of the 13th instant, to-day's telegram* and telegram* of yesterday to Colonel Hildebrand, were all received to-day. If the transportation is furnished the prisoners will be forwarded to Cairo on the morning of the 21st instant. It requires some time to correctly make out the rolls and to investigate their claims for exchange. The rolls here are so obviously incorrect that they are but little indication of the character of the prisoners.

Prison affairs here are much complicated. It will require time for investigation and to fully enforce your instructions. If I had the authority I would assume the temporary command of the prison and would soon enforce the reforms you desire. As I have neither the rank nor the position in your department, but merely your agent, I cannot act but by your authority and through the prison commander.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

