
While Colonel Hildebrand apparently does all in his power you cannot imagine how provokingly tedious my instructions are carried out and the information I require is obtained. Every direction I give I must personally enforce. All information I require must be drawn out. There has been a complete want of system, method and organization in everything that relates to prison affairs. None of the officers fully understand their duties and obligations.

It appears that General Grant as well as General Curtis has released and paroled prisoners here without any authority or knowledge and in opposition to your regulations and oft-repeated instructions. With the orders of the War Department, the circular from your office, and your letters before him, the commanding officer pleads want of information as his excuse. I am investigating this matter and will inform you fully to-morrow.

Captain Mason, late adjutant, has been promoted to major, for what peculiar merit I am unable to understand. He has charge of money accounts, returns, rolls, &amp;c., and every return sent to your office has been sent back for correction. He is now absent with detachment of prisoners sent to Sandusky, and everything in his office is in such confusion that I will be unable to correct September and October returns until his return to this post. He is expected back to-morrow. The One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, stationed here, have been ordered South. Their services are not required here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 191. Washington, November 19, 1862.

I. The following announcement is officially made of the result of the recent exchange of prisoners of war arranged at Aiken's Landing November 11, 1862, and all officers and enlisted men interested will be governed accordingly:

1. All officers and enlisted men in the U. S. service who have been captured and paroled in Virginia and Maryland up to November 1, 1862, except the officers and enlisted men captured and paroled in September, 1862, at Harper's Ferry and not hereinafter mentioned, and all deliveries of prisoners up to November 11, 1862, made to the U. S. authorities in the Peninsula and its adjacent waters, are included in this exchange.

2. All officers and enlisted men captured and paroled at Santa Rosa Island October 4, 1861.

3. All officers and enlisted men captured and paroled at Chambersburg, Pa., October 4, 1862.

4. The Seventy-first Ohio Volunteers, captured at Clarksville, Tenn.

5. Officers and enlisted men captured at South Mills, N. C.

6. One hundred and four non-commissioned officers and privates belonging to the Second U. S. Cavalry, First U. S. Infantry, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, Second U. S. Artillery, Third U. S. Infantry, Sixth, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, Fourth and Fifth U. S. Artillery, sent from Annapolis, Md., to Fort Columbus, N. Y., October 4, 1862.

7. All officers and enlisted men captured at or near Richmond and Lexington, Ky., by the forces under the command of General E. Kirby Smith.

