
8. All officers and enlisted men delivered to Captains Lazelle and Swan on the 1st, 5th, 7th, 12th and 26th of September, 1862, and the 18th of October, 1862.

9. All officers and enlisted men paroled at Cumberland Gap on the 2nd and 11th of October, 1862.

10. All officers and men of Indiana troops captured at Munfordville, Ky., September 17, 1862.

11. Company A and Company F, Fifth New York Artillery; detachment of Eighth New York Cavalry; Thirty-ninth, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and fifteenth, One hundred and twenty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiments New York Volunteers; all captured at Harper's Ferry and now at Camp Douglas.

12. All offices and men of Rigby's and Von Sehlen's Indiana batteries taken at Harper's Ferry.

All paroled officers and soldiers who come under any of the foregoing classes now absent from the several camps of rendezvous established in paragraph 3 of General Orders, Numbers 72, of 28th June, from the War Department, whether with or without leave, except in cases of sick leave granted by the proper authority, will immediately repair to camps as follows, viz: Those in New England to Camp Joe Hooker, Lakeville, Mass. ; those in New York and Pennsylvania to the camp at Elmira, N. Y. ; those in Ohio to Camp Wallace, near Columbus; those in Illinois to Camp Butler, Ill. ; those in Michigan to Camp Backus, Mich. ; those in Wisconsin and Minnesota to Camp Randall, near Madison, and all others in Western States to Camp Benton, Mo.

The commanders of the several camps named except Camp Wallace, Ohio, Camp Parole, at Annapolis, and Benton Barracks, Mo., will from time to time as sufficient numbers are assembled forward them to the general camps established in General Orders, Numbers 70, Camp Wallace being substituted for Camp Chase.

The paroled troops in Indiana absent from Camp Morton or other camps established by Governor Morton, not on sick leave, will immediately repair to the camps at which their regiments are stationed or to Camp Morton if the regiment is in the field. The regiments at these camps will receive special instructions.

Military commandants and recruiting officers in the different States will furnish transportation to all paroled officers and soldiers who are to report under this order and will furnish the names of all persons so provided, with the amount paid for each, to the commander of the camp to which they are sent, who will forward it, adding any additional amount furnished for transportation, to the commander of the general camp to be finally entered upon the company rolls unless the absence was authorized. The transportation thus paid by recruiting officers will be refunded by the Quartermaster's Department.

Commanders of camps temporarily established for the accommodation of paroled troops who are now exchanged will immediately forward all who may be present to the nearest of the general camps above named.

II. The following-named citizens and employees of the army are also declared fully exchanged. *

* * * * * *

Individual certificates of exchange are not given. The foregoing order covers all cases.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list of 187 names omitted.

---------------

