
Such parties have been heretofore released upon the verbal or written order of Brigadier-General Wadsworth, Military Governor, and as his own judgment should dictate. The same has been the case with prisoners of war, upon the principle that the parties who committed the prisoners had authority to order their release. The prison rules agreed upon by the Secretary of War, the Military Governor and the provost-marshal include nothing to conflict with this.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. S. BAKER,

Lieutenant and Assistant.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 21, 1862.

His Excellency H. R. GAMBLE, Governor of Missouri.

SIR: I have the pleasure to send you herewith the President's full pardon for Edwin W. Price. As it was granted solely upon your representation it is forwarded to you to be used and disposed of at your discretion. I think the proceeding was both humane and politic and I expect good results from it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES,

Attorney-General.

MADISON, WIS., November 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Can you not reply as to the disposal of prisoners referred to in dispatch of November 12? I am very anxious to be rid of them. Many were taken with arms in their hands. I am overwhelmed with applications for relief and discharge by men who have been drafted. They claim alienage, disability, over age and other causes, in many cases just. Cannot your mustering officer discharge them and furnish transportation from camps to their homes? Why cannot some commission attend to these cases? Will you instruct the chief mustering officer to pay the commissioners' bill for subsisting drafted men at county seat before starting for camp at rendezvous? No one seems authorized to pay these bills. I write fully to-day, but beg reply by telegraph at first moment possible.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 21, 1862.

Major PETER ZINN, Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

MAJOR: Your letter of the 10th instant with the accounts of the hospital and prisoners' fund has been received and I am well satisfied with the expenditures and the manner in which the accounts are made up. Forty cents per day is what is allowed by Army Regulations to the highest class of extra-duty men. The clerks at department headquarters or in the Adjutant-General's Office who are enlisted men receive no more. If the duty can be performed by fewer men on higher compensation, so as to make the whole expense less, as you propose, I would prefer to have the more clerks rather than violate the rule. What is done at one post must be done at another. But if you have a

