
clerk to take charge of the money in your hands belonging to the prisoners and keep your account books who should receive something more for his responsibilities, I have no objection to approving the arrangement if you will submit the matter to me.

The amount of the fresh beef to be issued to the prisoners must be determined by the regulations of the Subsistence Department which apply to our own troops and to prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SAINT LOUIS, November 21, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a list* of prisoners of war paroled at Fayetteville, Ark., October 29, 1862, by order of Brigadier-General Schofield; also the report of A. H. Engle, judge-advocate-general of the Army of the Frontier, accompanying the report, in which it is stated that these prisoners are the sick, wounded and nurses of the Confederate hospital in the town. I inclose the original list and report and retain copies in this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Springfield, November 13, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose you a list of prisoners of war paroled at Fayetteville, Ark., October 29, 1862, by order of Brigadier-General Schofield. These prisoners are the sick, wounded and nurses of the Confederate hospital found in the town when it was taken possession of by the Federal forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHBD. H. ENGLE,

Judge-Advocate-General, Army of the Frontier.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, November 21, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief [of Staff]:

Major-General Wright's telegram to General Boyle directing him to send statement of persons arrested under General Buell's General Orders, Numbers 49, is received. Having had general supervision of prisoners he directs me to reply, in compliance with which I have the honor to state that few persons have been arrested by orders referring directly to that general order, but that besides the regular prisoners of war and deserters from the C. S. Army two other classes have been sent here in

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

