
large numbers, viz, new recruits from this State, who after a comparatively silent connection with the Confederate Army left and returned home, and persons not connected with the army who for active aid to the Confederates have been arrested. Of the first class I have had charge and will make report as soon as possible. Of the second class Colonel Dent, provost-marshal-general of the State, had charge. I have directed him to make report of them and will forward it as soon as received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 25. Lexington, Ky., November 21, 1862.

All paroled prisoners of war belonging to the Army of Kentucky having been duly exchanged will without delay proceed to join their respective regiments as follows:

Those of the Eighteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry will report to the commanding officer at Paris, Ky. ; those of the Thirty-third Indiana and Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry to the commanding officer at Nicholasville, Ky. ; those of the Tenth Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Ninth Ohio Battery, Twenty-first Indiana Battery, Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry and of Munday's Cavalry to the commanding officer at this place.

By command of Major General G. Granger:

T. G. BEAHAM,

First Lieutenant, Second Iowa Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NEW YORK, November 22, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

MY DEAR SIR: I have reason to believe that the Honorable Pierre Soule, now in confinement at Fort Lafayette, requires my professional advice and I desire to see him. Will you do me the favor to send me such a permit as will enable me to communicate with him.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

J. VAN BUREN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose* herewith a report of inquiries into the condition of the subsistence department at Camp Parole made by order of Colonel Staunton, commanding at Annapolis. It appears from the within papers that great irregularities have been practiced in the mode of delivering the supplies, they being placed in the hands of a sergeant while the commissary, who is responsible for them, is on duty at Annapolis. It appears also that the commissary, Captain Clements, whose duty it is to know that the business of his office was honestly and faithfully performed at the camp, had abundant cause to suspect

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

