
that great frauds were perpetrated by the commissary-sergeant and other persons, and yet he took no effective measures to put a stop to these acts. Captain Clements states that he reported to the provost-marshal that he had found a tug loaded with provisions, but as far as he knows no notice was taken of his report. The conduct of Doctor Norval in directing the sale of hominy was without authority and a very censurable proceeding, which can only be excused on the score of ignorance.

The whole matter was under the supervision of Colonel Sangster, the commanding officer, and he has neglected his duty in leaving the commissary store in the sole control of a sergeant. The only possible explanation of this is that he had the management of a large and difficult command on his hands which occupied his whole time, and this he considered a sufficient excuse for leaving the care of the subsistence department to the commissary to whom it properly belonged. There is no excuse for his ordering provisions to be issued on any provision return sent in signed by any officer. Colonel Sullivan, commissary of subsistence at Baltimore, seems to have had information that large quantities of stores and reached Baltimore, thought to be from Camp Parole, and yet he took no further steps in the matter than to give information to the commissary at Annapolis. There is abundant evidence to lead to the belief that Sergt. John Padbury, Seventy-ninth New York, the commissary-sergeant, betrayed the trust reposed in him, but there is but one sale fixed upon him by the commission and for that he had the authority of the surgeon. When I inspected the camp I found everything at the commissary store in good condition and the reports made to me of the savings of rations convinced me that all was right. I, however, did not approve of a sergeant being in charge, and when a permanent guard was decided on I directed that an officer should be detailed for this duty. Not being satisfied with Surgeon Norval, I urged upon the medical director at Baltimore the necessity of relieving him by a better man, but he had none such at his disposal.

I respectfully recommend that Captain Clements, commissary of subsistence, be ordered to duty at Camp Parole, where he will be able to become better acquainted with his duties than he seems to be now. I also recommend that Surgeon Norval be assigned to duty elsewhere. Sergeant Padbury, having been exchanged, will be ordered to join his company. I will direct the 1,134 rations overissued to be made good out of the savings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, November 22, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I had the honor to receive your telegram directing that no more prisoners of war be released on taking the oath without authority from the Secretary of War. In the absence of definite instructions in the form of general orders permit me to ask them of you. There are three classes of prisoners coming into our possession in considerable numbers who seek release on taking the oath, viz, deserters from the Confederate Army, conscripts from the Southern States into the army, captured but unwilling to be exchanged; recruits from this

