
in military custody may also be discharged upon giving their parole to do no act of hostility against the Government of the United States nor render aid to its enemies, but all such persons shall remain subject to military surveillance and liable to arrest on breach of their parole. And if any such persons shall prefer to leave the loyal States on condition of their not returning again during the war or until special leave for that purpose be obtained from the President, then such person shall at his option be released and depart from the United States or be conveyed beyond the military lines of the U. S. forces.

III. This order shall not operate to discharge any person who has been in arms against the Government or by force and arms has resisted or attempted to resist the draft, nor relieve any person from liability to trial and punishment by civil tribunals or by court-martial or military commission who may be amenable to such tribunals for offenses committed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., November 23, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Commanding, Jackson, Miss.

SIR: Your letter of the 19th instant reached here yesterday during my temporary absence from this place, hence the delay in answering.

The goods you speak of sending for the use of your wounded now confined to hospital in Iuka will be received at any point between here and Abbeville, say Holly Springs, and sent by our conveyance in charge of some responsible officer, to their destination. Should you prefer sending these articles by your own conveyance then they can go from some point on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad by way of Bay Springs.

This route will be left free for your ambulances while engaged in removing the sick and wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, November 23, 1862.

OFFICER COMMANDING GUARD, on Board Steamer Metropolitan.

SIR: I am officially advised by Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, commanding Confederate forces at Jackson, Tenn., that he holds four of our prisoners of war, viz, James E. Gaddy, Company E, Sixth Illinois Cavalry; Bernard Collins, Company E, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry; A. M. Shipman, Company D, Forty-third Ohio Infantry, and Nicholas Hoit, Company C, Seventh Iowa Infantry, on whom he proposes by order of the Confederate Government to make retaliation for the killing of a citizen named White, of De Soto County, Miss., in September last. I have answered him at length by a flag of truce, and now inform you that it is not a case for retaliation, and have the honor to request that on arrival at Vicksburg you make specific demand for these prisoners, and if they be not forthcoming that you withhold from exchange four of like rank, privates, to be ascertained by lot, and that you bring them

