
to Memphis to await the action of our Government. I regard this as a fair breach of the cartel. White was not a Confederate soldier or even guerrilla, and if the Confederate authorities want to offset the killing of White you can quote plenty of private murders committed by their adherents.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Don't make known what you propose until you know whether these four men are ready to be exchanged and then await an answer by telegraph from General Pemberton.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. CAVALRY,Evansville, Ark., November 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding U. S. Forces in Northwest Arkansas.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the sick of the U. S. Army left at Fayetteville, Ark., were taken as prisoners of war contrary to General Hindman's order. The order was given to me to parole the sick, but before I could have it executed the provost-guard (under Colonel McDonald) had sent a part or all below as prisoners of war. These men are now at Little Rock. General Hindman desires me to request of you a list of their names. When that list is furnished these men will be paroled and sent to the nearest Federal post at Helena.

General Hindman learns that you have had arrested a number of citizens to be kept as hostages until the prisoners referred to are paroled. He instructs me to say that he is influenced by no threat of punishing those citizens, whose arrest is a great outrage, but by the sole consideration that the men left sick in hospital were taken as prisoners against his express order and contrary to our custom.

Very respectfully,

JOHN S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 23, 1862.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

Have the officers taken at Shiloh been exchanged? When and where?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

All the officers taken at Shiloh were exchanged at Aiken's Landing November 11. The lists of them and all other U. S. officers exchanged, amounting to over 900 and carefully prepared by me, are in the office of the Adjutant-General ready for publishing. I prepared and also left at same place a list of over 1,500 Confederate officers declared exchanged. The difference between them was made up on rank and file.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copies sent to Major General H. W. Halleck, General-in-Chief, and Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.)

