
You will perceive this statement varies some lintel from the approximated number and how disposed of in my letter to you of the 23rd instant, not being prepared at that time to make an accurate report. You will also perceive that the number of recent recruits sent to Vicksburg is double the number approximated. A much larger number of recruits might have been forwarded to Vicksburg but for the fact that many of them were youths of tender years, many of whose parents were of undoubted loyalty, and under General Wright's modified order it was deemed better policy to let their parents take them home on their entering into bond for their good conduct during the present rebellion, which was done.

Respectfully,

HENRY DENT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshall-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, November 24, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: Yours of the 19th relating to the exchange of some officers captured in Missouri is received. There are a large number of both officers and men who were captured in some of the earlier battles in Missouri who have not been declared exchanged. I have urged upon the attention of Mr. Ould, the Confederate commissioner, a speedy disposition of these cases and I have no doubt that at my next interview with him we can arrange them all. the paperers and rolls on both sides are so very deficient in detail of list and by date of capture so very great, that I shall endeavor to secure a general declaration similar to the one of November 11, which covered all Virginia and maryland from the commencement of the war. If I can proportionately succeed in this as in the latter declaration, by which our Government gained over 4,000 prisoners, I shall be much gratified If for any special reason it be considered important that the officers named in your letter should be immediately declared exchanged please so advise me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

ALTON, ILL., November 24, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have completed an investigation of the prisoners in the military prison. I have taken their own assertions of their residence and where captured when the records of the prison failed to give them. I have now a complete roll of the prisoners confined and have them separated in divisions under chiefs, and officers have them in charge who understand and I think will perform their duty. The returns which you have directed me to forward I will forward this evening. The retained returns prove correctly. the adjutant here assures me that the corrected returns, with rolls to explain alterations, were for-

48 R R--SERIES II, VOL IV

