
warded to you at Washington on the 2nd instant. There is no record here by which they can be duplicated. The rolls here only show the disposition that has been made of prisoners without giving dates. It is impossible to select those who have been sent away during any designated month. I hope to have completed my duties here by Wednesday evening, 26th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, &amp;c.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 24, 1862.

C. F. CUSHING,

Demonstrator of Anatomy, Cleveland College, Ohio.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th instant in relation to your procuring from Johnson's Island the bodies of deceased rebel soldiers, or those of such as may die during the winter. In reply I am directed by the commissary general of prisoners to inform you that your request cannot be complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infty., U. S. Army, Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 25, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, &c., Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a letter from Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, and of the inclosures to which he refers, giving a general statement of his action under the General Orders, Numbers 49,* issued by Major-General Buell, and subsequently modified by him and myself, and to request that these papers be considered in connection with my letter of the 21st instant to the General-in-Chief upon this subject.

I would remark that in answer to General Boyle's question, "What is to be done with deserters?" he has been directed in case their claims are recognized to release such as it appears may be trusted on their taking the oath of allegiance and giving bonds, adding in certain instances when thought necessary other conditions, such as restriction to certain limits, and to send such as cannot be relied upon to keep their obligation to Camp Chase as prisoners of war.

I have submitted the question of the enlisting of deserters from the rebel service into our own to the Adjutant-General of the Army as I am under the impression it is prohibited in orders from the War Department, though I have failed to find any such orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For other correspondence relating to this matter see Series I, Vol XX, Part II.

---------------

