
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., November 23, 1862.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: Your order in regard to my action under General Orders, Numbers 49, Army of the Ohio, was duly received, but it requires much time with the force I have in my office to make a detailed report. I can only furnish you now a general approximate statement, which is contained in inclosed paper from Colonel Henry Dent, provost-marshall-general Orders, Numbers 49, modified by Major-General Buell and yourself. I believe he has strictly conformed to orders and modifications.

I believe the modifications of General Orders, Numbers 49, are just and wise. I forwarded to you copy of the letter of General Buell modifying his order, and I now inclose herewith copy of your instructions* modifying the same order. You will perceive that the modifications made by General Buell affected but on class while that made by you affected all. I regard the modification made by you as wise and judicious and necessary to a just administration of affairs in that regard. It is of course subject to abuse and may not have been administered with the limitations and restrictions of a wise discretion. I believe, however, t hat the modified orders have been as prudently executed as could be under the circumstances.

You will perceive from Colonel Dent's statement that there are six classes, as follows:

1. Poisoners of war sent to Vicksburg, about 2,300.

2. Rebel recruits sent o Vicksburg, about 30.

3. Deserters of regular rebel army released on taking oath, being Germans, Irish and citizens of Northern States, 200.

4. Deserters of recent rebel recruits released on oath and bond, 150.

5. Citizens (prisoners) released on bond and oath, about 100.

^. Citizens (prisoners) sent to Camp Chase, about 45.

This statement is only approximately correct, but a detailed statement will be furnished in a few days if required.

No prisoners arrested whether claiming to be deserters or otherwise have been released since telegraphic order from Colonel Hoffman was received.

What is to be done with deserters? Nearly all the rebel recruits claimed to be deserters and no doubt most of them deserted because the rebel army was driven from the State. They would have served the rebels if they had remained in Kentucky. many of them are youths from fifteen to eighteen years of age. What shall be done with them? They were puppets worked by older heads who conceal themselves and cover their deeds of darkness and villainy rebel recruits can be shipped to Vicksburg, but it seems to me that our State should not be made a recruiting field for the rebel army, and it would be better to send them to Camp Chase. Nevertheless it is evident that there are many deluded youths and ignorant men who have been inveigled into the rebel army who should be release on execution of bonds and taking oath.

I send you a dispatch received from Colonel Bruce, commanding at Russellville, inquiring whether a number of deserters from Colonel Hunt's and Colonel Lewis' rebel regiments will be allowed to return

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

