
home on taking oath and giving bond. They say they are willing to go into the Federal Army.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., November 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,Commanding District of Western Kentucky.

SIR: I am having prepared a full and complete statement of number of prisoners received at the military prison and final action in their respective cases. As soon as completed will forward to your headquarters. I do not think the result will vary much from the following, to wit:

1. Prisoners of war sent to Vicksburg, about 2,300.

2. Rebel recruits sent to Vicksburg, about 30.

3. Deserters discharged on oath from regular rebel army, consisting of Germans, Irish and citizens of Northern States, about 200.

4. Deserters of recent recruit discharged on oath and bond, about 150.

5. Citizens sent to Camp Chase, about 45.

6. Citizens discharged on oath and bond, about 100.

I have endeavored to carry out the spirit of Major-General Wright's modified ordered and believe much good will result from it.

Respectfully,

HENRY DENT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

RUSSELLVILLE, [November] 21, 1862.

General BOYLE:

Numbers of deserters from Hunt's and Lewis' Kentucky rebel regiments are deserting and wish to return home, take oath and give bond. Say they will go into Federal Army before they will return. What shall be done with such men?

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 25, 1862.

Honorable W. C. GOODLOE,

Judge U. S. District Court, Lexington, Ky.

DEAR SIR: A press of business must be my excuse for not replying to your letter of the 13th instant which was duly received.

I have for some time been endeavoring to arrange a system of exchange for the home guards of Kentucky, who have given their parole to the rebels, but have not succeeded in hitting upon any scheme which would meet the case.

The matter of exchange is fixed by the cartel agreed upon by the belligerents, and announced in General Orders, Numbers 142, War Department, a copy of which I inclose. * From it you will perceive that no definite provision is made for such prisoners, unless it be in article 3, and

---------------

*See p. 266.

---------------

