
this would be restricted by the condition [which] is complete only when the person exchanged is returned to the lines of the party to which he belongs. This condition would I think make the system of exchange inapplicable. Moreover I am informed that the home-guards of Kentucky have been paroled on the express condition that they are not subject to exchange. How far the Government would recognize such a parole I cannot say-I think not at all. It is binding only on the conscience of the individual giving it.

If after looking over the cartel you are still of the opinion that you proposition is a correct solution of the question I should be glad to hear from you again. In the meantime I shall refer your letter to the commissary general of prisoners who has the management of all matters connected with paroled prisoners.

I did modify General Buell's order as modified by himself because it could not be carried out without a violation of the rules of war and the practice of the service under the order of the War Department.

The modifications consisted in treating as deserters those whose claims as such were recognized and in requiring that all aiders and abettors be at once arrested and held for examination instead of holding the examination prior to the arrest, and also in directing that such aiders and abettors be sent as a rule to Camp Chase as political prisoners, instead of to Vicksburg to be turned loose and permitted to continue their treasonable practices.

Very respectfully, yours,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y, Harbor:

The Secretary of War directs that you release Perre Soule on his giving his parole to be of good behavior and do no act of hostility against the Government of the United States.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., November 26, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Please find inclosed the parole of Mr. Pierre Soule, who was to-day released by an order from the Secretary of War dated November 26, 1862.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

I, Pierre Soule, of New Orleans, La., do hereby give my parole of honor to be of good behavior, that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States and do no act of hostility against the Government of the United States.

PIERRE SOULE.

Dated Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor, November 26, 1862.

