
memorandum to Colonel Tucker. Captain Christopher's letter to Colonel Mulligan is very satisfactory, but it is to be regretted that he contented himself with writing this letter. I am satisfied that if he had exercised the right of commissary to urge the immediate adoption of the scale I sent him it would not have been rejected; at all events, he should have informed me of his failure to carry out my wishes, and the consequent great waste of provisions and loss to the Government. He failed to communicate with Colonel Tucker on this important subject, and it was only after he was called upon for it that he gave him a brief report of what money was on hand. Captain Freedley's report of the relations existing between Colonel Tucker and Captain Christopher agrees perfectly with the impressions I gathered from conversations with Colonel Tucker, and the colonel's letter to Captain Christopher goes to confirm them. He never gave any orders to Captain Christopher to recuse the ration in accordance with my instructions, but from time to time he directed Captain Christopher's agent to withhold what he could with propriety, to which Captain Christopher's agent did not pay the slightest attention.

On the 29th of June, soon after Colonel Tucker assumed command of Camp Douglas, I called on him for a report of the condition of the fund, to which he replied on the 9th July that Captain Christopher had made no report, though one had been called for. On the 4th August I again called for a report, but none was made. In reply on the 14th August the colonel says:

I have not received from Captain Christopher the account of the prisoners' fund and hospital fund called for in your letter of August 4. I have made the proper demand but am informed by him that the accounts for July are not yet made up.

The accounts showing the amounts accruing in June, July, August and September were handed to me by Captain Fredley on the 25th of September instead of passing through the hands of Colonel Tucker, thus violent treating his commanding officer, Colonel Tucker, with disrespect. This act of itself was enough to satisfy me that Captain Christopher was unwilling to recognize the authority of Colonel Tucker. From the foregoing facts, notwithstanding the explanations of Captain Christopher, I must still entertain the opinion that with proper attention on his part thousands of dollars would have been saved the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, November 26, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I have seen a notice in the papers of an order from the Secretary of War discharging political prisoners. The information I have in this office would not enable me to decide who is entitled to a discharge under the order. Shall I have particular instructions as to individuals?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIEERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

