
DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, November 226, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I send you by this day's mail the roll* of prisoners from Alton. I also inclose a roll* of prisoners released on the order of Judge Turner. There have just arrived thirty-seven prisoners from Kentucky, under guard of Captain E. A. Baker, Sixty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, sent from Henderson, Ky., by order of Colonel John W. Foster, commanding post. I desire to call your attention to the subject of transportation. None is provided for the return of these guards and Captain Read has to provide it as well as rations. There was in wretched condition. About fifty had to go to the hospital at once, and without stopping to be accurate I should think eight or ten have died, more than usual for two months. Most of the deaths at this post have been of those who came here to die, and would have died very soon anywhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PEIRSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

P. S. -I would like to hear what became of General Barrow. I have forwarded some letters to him at Washington but do not know as he received them. I am this day in receipt of a bond for him to execute from Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, who requests his discharge, &amp;c.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding, &c., Fort Hamilton, New York:

The Secretary of War directs that if Mr. Soule has not yet been released you take his parole to reside in Boston.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding, &c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War directs that Adolphe Mazureau be released from Fort Lafayette on giving the same parole exacted from Mr. Soule.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, November 27, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

SIR: Inclosed you will please find the parole of honor+ accepted by Adolphe Mazureau and released to-day as per order of the Secretary of War.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel third Artillery.

---------------

*Omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

