
getting acquainted with the prisoners. If the squads are not kept organized and rolls called daily mistakes will constantly occur and escapes will not be discovered until too late for hope of apprehension.

Mr. R. C. Rutherford, commissary agent, is a gentleman of intelligence, but entirely inexperienced in the duties of the commissary department. He is attentive to his duties and endeavors to satisfactorily perform them. He has had charge since September 9 and has not been fully instructed by his predecessor. I had given him some verbal instructions when last here, but your circular and instructions which I directed to be furnished him had not yet been received. He is honest in the performance of his duties and careful of the interests of the prisoners and of the Government.

The hospital is under the charge of Doctor Hardy, a citizen physician, who is attentive in the discharge of his duties and kind to the prisoners under his charge. At present there is a large number of sick and the hospital is crowded. Pneumonia is the prevailing disease and is caused by th-down condition of the prisoners on their arrival, change of climate and living, scarcity of clothing and bedding, together with the dampness of a portion of the prison. Since my arrival important sanitary measures have been adopted which I hope will materially lessen the sick report.

The police of the prison was not as satisfactory as could be expected. There is an abundance of water and of every necessary article at the command of the prisoners in order to enable them to keep their persons, clothing and quarters neat and clean, but many of them are so excessively indolent that they will live in filth, and force must be employed to cause them to keep themselves in a condition to meet the sanitary regulations of the prison. Every convenience is at hand and the police of the prison should be excellent, and is only indifferent on account of the want of attention and of force in the provost-marshal. I have appointed an energetic non-commissioned officer provost-sergeant. He has so far performed his duties with so much attention, zeal and energy that I feel assured that the police of the prison will soon be greatly improved. The police of the hospital might also be improved.

Many of the prisoners here are sadly destitute of clothing. There is not a sufficient supply on hand to meet the requirements of the hospital. Estimates of clothing will be made out and forwarded to-day after the arrival of some 500 prisoners who are expected from Saint Louis. I must again recommend that the clothing be of the linseywoolsey kind, and not the clothing furnished our army. This course will be less expensive and make a distinguishing mark between the appearance of the prisoners and of the guard. I have found the guard vigilant and well instructed in their duties, but these duties were performed in a loose and careless manner, arising from a relaxation of discipline and from want of force in their officers.

I must again call your attention to the condition of the four insane persons in confinement here. Three of them are harmless and inoffensive persons and I respectfully recommend that they be discharged. The fourth is a raving maniac, has set fire to the prison several times, requires to be confined to the cells during the night and to be constantly watched during the day. he is not a prisoner, but a soldier of the Seventieth Illinois Volunteers, and should be removed to an insane asylum. there are stabled within the prison inclosure quite a number of mules. I would respectfully recommend that they be removed and the necessary shelter be erected for them near the quarters for the troops.

