
The financial affairs of the prison are quite satisfactory. Economy has been exercised in every department. The fund of the prisoners is ample for every demand that may be made upon it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infty., Assistant to Commissary General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 28, 1862.

General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo

DEAR GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 22nd instant yesterday. By the same mail I received reports from my assistant, Captain H. W. Freedley, U. S. Army, who had been ordered to make an examination into the state of affairs at the Alton Prison, which represented the place in such an utter state of confusion and disorder that I thought it absolutely necessary to apply to the Secretary of War to have him placed in command. I telegraphed to you to-day to this effect and requested you to detail a guard of 300 or 400 men with no officer of higher rank than captain, so that there would be no conflict of authority. The captain is an energetic and reliable officer and you may rest assured that the command will be well disciplined and the prisoners well guarded and well cared for.

Colonel Hildebrand means well I dare say, but he is wanting in many things essential to such a command.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, November 28, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Indianapolis, Ind.:

After performing the duty assigned to you at Indianapolis proceed to Alton and relieve Colonel Hildebrand in the command of the military prison. General Curtis will detail a guard.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Please send a copy of the above telegram to Louisville, Ky., care of General Boyle.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 28, 1862.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON, Louisville, Ky.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant addressed to General rosecrans has just been referred to me, and I am glad to inform you that you are included in the exchanges recently arranged at Aiken's

