
Landing, and you are now at liberty to return to duty. An order will be published in a few days announcing the exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, November 28, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Your communication of the 24th instant with its inclosures is received. I return to you indorsed such cases* as have been acted on. I also inclose to you a list* of men of the ships Congress and Wachusett who have been exchanged under General Declaration Numbers 1, of November 11, 1862, which covers all captures in Maryland and Virginia. These names were on the lists inclosed to me by you and furnished by the Navy Department of captures by the enemy. It does not appear on these lists whether the men of the Wachusett have been delivered. The balance of the lists as also the cases inclosed to me and enacted on will be disposed of if possible at my next interview with Mr. Ould. If you have any other papers relating to exchanges not effected please send them to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

ALTON, ILL., November 28, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Two hundred and seventy-three prisoners were received here last night about 10 o'clock. the night was bitter cold and very dark. these prisoners were delivered without rolls or other papers to show their character or from whence they came. Saint Louis is only two and a half hours from here by boat and it is inexcusable in the provost-marshal-general to forward prisoners here by night. It is impossible to keep a correct record of this prison if prisoners arrive here after dark and without rolls. I have been unexpectedly detained here. I leave to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain and Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, November 29, 1862.

Honorable J. HOLT.

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose you a letter of Captain S. F. Allen, wounded in his first battle and now in hospital, a valued and reliable constituent, who writes me as to Captain B. P. Walker. Besides what he states I would add that Colonel Allison had only commanded Camp Chase three weeks when he charged Captain Walker with being absent

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

