
repeatedly without leave, which is disproved by his military secretary, Holmes, who certifies that Captain W. always had leave and by Colonel A. 's orders. I would further state that Colonel Allison is now out of the service himself and at home.

Respectfully, yours,

SCHUYLR COLFAX.

[Inclosure.]

INDIANAPOLIS, November 24, 1862.

Honorable S. COLFAX.

DEAR SIR: I take the liberty of addressing a few lines to you in relation to the affairs of our mutual friend, Captain B. P. Walker. Being at Columbus for some time while Captain Walker was discharging his duties there, and knowing well how his office was managed, also knowing well the character of the men who procured his removal, I have no doubt whatever that an act of great injustice has been done to a faithful and efficient officer. As regards Colonel Allison, the commander at Camp Cahse, and the principal instigator in this matter, I have no hesitation in saying that after an experience of nearly eighteen months of military life he is the most miserably incompetent officer I have ever met. Captain Lazelle I never met. He has the reputation of being a drunkard, while his l never met. He has the reputation of being a drunkard, while his loyalty is not above suspicion.

By the best citizens of Columbus and by officers of high character in the service, both of the General Government and of the State, Captain Walker is mentioned often as an honest and capable officer, and from peroneal observation I can assure you that among this class of men he enjoys a character and reputation that any officer might desire. I frequently examined the rations at Camp Cahse, and nowhere in field, camp or hospital have I seen a better quality of rations issued, and seldom as good. Truth compels me to state these facts to you, Mr. Colfax, that in what you may do for Captain Walker you may have the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing a service to the country as well as to a friend. I know the zeal with which you attend to the interests of all your constituents, and beg to assure you that while I shall consider any effort that you may make in this behalf as a personal favor, you will add another to the many obligations to you under which I am placed already.

With placed already.

With highest respect, your obedient servant,

SILAS F. ALLEN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 29, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose for the information of the Department of State copies and translations of a correspondence between Admiral Reynaud and myself upon the subject of the imprisonment of Alfred and Jules Le More. As these will form a part of the papers relating to the case of the French consul and the New Orleans bank, I have transmitted them directly to the Department of State.

It will be observed in his reply that the admiral does not deny or remark upon the claim of Alfred Le More that his papers were concealed on board the Catinat, a French ship of war.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

