
[Inclosure Numbers 3. -Translation.]

NEW ORLEANS, November 19, 1862.

General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding-in-Chief, New Orleans, La.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge reception of the letter which you had the favor to address me yesterday, 18th instant.

You do me the honor to inform me that Messrs. Le More will be, as I requested, tried by a regular court and confined provisionally until their case can be called up for trial.

You inform me also of the nature of the orders which you have given in their regard and of the motives which dictated them.

I shall not discuss these motives in relation to the questions of principle and right mentioned in your letter. I shall submit them to my Government and shall ask M. Mercier, minister of His Majesty the Emperor in Washington, to do the same near yours.

I beg you, general, to accept the assurance of my high consideration.

REYNAUD,

The Admiral Commanding-in-Chief the Naval Division of the Gulf and North America.

RICHMOND, VA., November 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I understood from you some time previous to our last interview that the captains and pilots of merchant vessels captured on our coast would be release and delivered to us for exchange. Some considerable time has elapsed since than and several deliveries of prisoners have been made. As yet, however, neither the captains nor the pilots have been delivered.

2. I also called your attention to paragraphs 1,5,6, and 9 of my communication to you bearing date October 5, 1862. I have received no answer from you as to the matters referred to therein.

3. Paroled Confederate officers and men have been placed by General Butler in close confinement in the neighborhood of New Orleans. Among others are Captain Losberg, captain of the De Feriet Guards of the Chalmette Regiment, and Captain Batchelor, of the Third [First] Regiment of Louisiana Regulars. these two officers were paroled by Commodore Fragut, but are held in prison by General Butler. Captain W. E. Seymour, a commissioned officer in the service of the State of Louisiana and a paroled prisoner, is also held in like custody. In addition to above there are a number of privates-among whom is Mr. Davidson, of New Orleans-members of the corps of partisan rangers, enlisted in the Confederate service, who are held by General Butler on the pretext that they are guerrillas and not in the Confederate service. The retention of these officers and men is clearly in contravention of the cartel and their release and exchange are demanded. The same demand is made as to any other officers and men of the Confederate service wherever and by whomsoever they may be confined.

4. Some considerable time ago a demand was made by the Confederate Government in reference to the execution of Mumford, in New Orleans. The U. S. authorities promised to answer that demand as far back as June last. That answer, however, as yet has not been delivered.

5. I am directed by the Confederate authorities to inform you that if an answer is not returned to the various demands which have been made by the Confederate Government, and especially that in relation

