
to the execution of Mumford, within fifteen days from the delivery of this communication, they will consider that an answer is declined and will retain all commissioned officers of the United States who may fall into their hands.

Respectfully,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SNAGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: Complaints are made to the War Department by soldiers of great disorders at your camp-drunkenness, gambling, fighting, and even murderers are among the crimes enumerated.

In from me immediately of the state of discipline of your command, what guard you have, including officers, and what orders they have in relation to the preservation of good order; what your system of police is and what is the cause of want of good discipline if such is the fact. All the troops at Camp Parole, except those taken at harper's Ferry or since the 1st of November, have been exchanged and are liable to perform all the duties of a soldier. Require them to be drilled twice a day and see that all officers attend the drills. As soon as you can assemble fifty men of any one company make an estimate of arms and send it to me. Detail the best officer you have for the purpose to perform the duties of commissary and place him in charge of the department; he will receive and receipt for the stores and will make all issues. Have this department under your immediate eye and report promptly all irregularities.

Till you receive orders on the subject you will permit no exchanged officer or soldier to leave the camp unless by orders through me or from higher authority. This is not intended to take from you the privilege of giving passes for the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

PLYMOUTH, N. C., November 30, 1862.

Major-General FOSTER, Commanding, New Berne, N. C.

DEAR SIR: This letter will be handed you by Major Bartholomew's lieutenant who accompanies the prisoners to New Bern. One of the prisoners is an influential citizen of Martin County. He has done perhaps more to injure the Union cause than any man in this community. I applied to the major to have him arrested and I hope it will be your pleasure to have him held as a hostage for my brother who was arrested a few days ago and is now in Salisbury prison. I have written a letter to Governor Stanly appealing to him to retain Mr. Moore by all means. Mr. Moore is a man of influence and whose friends will doubtless have my brother soon released. He applied yesterday for privilege to confer with Judge Biggs for the release of my brother. I hope you will give him such privilege as will enable him to confer with his friends.

I shall come to New Berne as early as possible to confer with you and Governor Stanly on this and other matters which I conceive to

