
be of importance, and I will here say that too much praise cannot be awarded to Major Bartholomew since he has been with us. He is just the man for the place. He makes every man come square up to the mark. I hope you will keep him on this post. Nearly every man in this and Tyrrell County, with quite a number from Martin and Bertie, have come forward and taken the oath of allegiance. I should be glad if you could give the major two regiments of men, which would enable him to extend his operations into the counties of Bertie and Hartford, which can be done without any danger, and by this arrangement many valuable horses and property belonging to secessionists may be captured, which will certainly fall into the hands of the Confederates. From all I have seen and heard the people are daily becoming more reconciled and express generally a wish for the Governor to call an election for Congress, which I hope he will see the importance of doing at as early a day The people have begun to bring in their cotton for sale in considerable quantities, which indicates that they are returning to their senses. In conclusion I will say that I hope my appeal to you for the retention of Major Bartholomew at this post will meet your approval.

Yours, very respectfully,

M BOWEN.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 13, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: I see no objection to the proposition to consider medical officers non-combatants as proposed by General McClellan ad you are authorized to agree to it unless you think it objectionable.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPG,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 13, 1862.

H. D. BIRD,

Superintendent South Side Railroad Company, Petersburg:

I regret very much that supposing me to be ignorant of the number of troops ordered forward by myself you should communicate our movements on the way you have done. I was not aware that you were sending forward sick when I had written to you to suspend all transportation except that of troops. I knew that the Yankee prisoners could not interfere with the troops because they had been stopped at Lynchburg.

* * *

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., June 13, 1862.

Colonel E. P. WATKINS, Commanding, &c., Atlanta, Ga.

SIR: This will be handed you by an officer sent in charge of certain prisoner (a list of whom is inclosed*) transferred to your post for greater

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

