
security direction of Major General E. Kirby Smith. Some of these men, spies, are under sentence of a general court-martial. The order in relation thereto will be forwarded in a day or two. They are designated on the list by black lines under the name. David Fry is a notorious prisoner, whose trial has been postponed from time to time at the solicitation of his counsel, in absence of important witnesses for defense. Nos. 23, 24 and 25 on the list are held as spies upon good grounds for suspicion. The prisoners of war Nos. 15, 16, 17 and 18 the commanding general requests may be confined with and treated as those of the same class recently sent from Chattanooga.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., June 14, 1862.

Brigadier General Howell Cobb, of the C. S. Army, is hereby appointed to meet such officer as has been or may be appointed by the commanding general of the U. S. Army to negotiate for the exchange of prisoners of war taken and held by the respective armies during the existing war. He is authorized to conclude any arrangement which provides for the exchange of prisoners upon terms of perfect equality.

R. E. LEE,General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,

Richmond, June 14, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have had the honor to receive he report of Surgeon Lane to the Secretary of War in relation to Camp Winder. It is no part of the duty of Surgeon Lane to make a report of anything connected with Camp Winder to the Secretary of War. On the contrary the regulations prohibit any direct correspondence on the part of officers directly with the War Department. The whole course of Surgeon Lane in the matter is irregular, improper and insubordinate, for which I shall immediately bring him to trial.

I will not follow Surgeon Lane through his long letter but shall touch upon some of the prominent points. It is but a very short time since when there were three companies at Camp Winder, viz, Captain Jones' Captain Bruce's and the Infirmary Company; that Surgeon Lane complained very much that unless there was an increase of guard the police of the camp could not be maintained. I represented the necessity for a commanding officer and guard, which was accordingly ordered by the War Department. The order was received at Camp Widner as soon as issued. The date is not material, as it was only operative from the time of its issue form the Adjutant-General's Office. A short time since I rode around the camp and could not find a single medical officer, not one being in camp that I could find. I found the public property scattered over the whole camp, lying exposed to the weather and to depredation. I found that hands that I had employed to work on a very important piece of work, upon the execution of which depended the possibility of occupying at least one-third if not one-half the camp, taken off and employed upon matters of very comparative unimportance.

I thought it was high time that military control should be exercised. It is no part of the duty of the surgeon to meddle with the buildings

