
important military post-in fact actually performing outpost picket duty. At the time of my capture, however, I had obtained leave of absence for the day only to visit my plantation, which lay between our lines and those of the enemy.

Yours, respectfully,

EDWARD B. CUTHBERT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 17, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: I received the information of the action of the United States Government with regard to Captains Spriggs and Triplett from the Governor of Virginia. General McClellan should be informed that not being certain of its correctness no change in the treatment of the hostages has been made.

We shall be happy to hear that we have been misled in the matter.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

STAUNTON, VA., June 17, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

Am I authorized by law of Virginia or Confederate States of America to hang or shoot by drum head court martial marauding parties of the enemy captured kidnapping negroes? Also to put to death prisoners taken with counterfeit Confederate money in their possession?

W. H. C. WHITING.

RICHMOND, June 17, 1862.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING:

The law of Virginia does not authorize you to hang or shoot by drum head court martial or otherwise, nor will you execute prisoners under any circumstances without special authority for doing so. Deserters may be tried by court martial convened by the commanding general of the department.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CENTER, ALA., June 17, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH.

DEAR SIR: At the request of many my constitutes I write you this note to call your attention to the prisoners taken at Donelson. It is a matter of complaint that many prisoners in various sections of the country have been exchanged while those captured at Donelson are still in the hands of the enemy. I know the exchanges have been irregular because of the course pursued by the Lincoln Government, but hope that some general system may soon be adopted that will relieve our unfortunate captured soldiers.

I have the honor to be, truly, yours, &c.,

JNO P. RALLS,

Member of Congress.

