
these cases omitted in the other exchange and of such duration may be early arranged. I find on reflection that there are some other cases of Hatteras prisoners. There were a number sent home early on the ground of ill-health, part of the sixty released in answer to a discharge by us of that number. I do not know the terms of their release nor have I been consulted in their behalf; but for the three mentioned I have been requested to ask the favorable consideration of our Government. I suppose the Roanoke Island prisoners may also hope for a speedy end of the restrains of their parole.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. N. H. SMITH.
HDQRS FORTY-SECOND Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS,Fair Grounds, Lynchburg, Va., June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I wrote to you on the 15th instant. In obedience to your order (telegraphic) of same date I proceed now to make to you a detailed report of the condition of the prisons and prisoners. On yesterday I received from Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, then commanding, 30 commissioned officers, 2,230 non-commissioned officers and privates, making 2,260 prisoners, exclusive of three negroes, one of whom is said to be a slave. I inclose list* of officers. The premises occupied as a prison are entirely unsuited to the purpose, but the assistant quartermaster at this post reports that he can obtain no other. The sleeping quarters of the prisoners are vacant (open) stalls, or such tents as they can construct with their blankets or oil-cloths. the officers are in a different part of the grounds from their men. With a large and vigilant guard, two companies of which have been performing this duty for four and one-half months, I hope to prevent escape, but if the premises had been constructed for the express purpose they could not have been better contrived to permit the escape of prisoners. Lumber cannot be had to repair the fences, gates or sheds. There is no hospital, and for the reason stated one cannot be erected. There are several sick among them, but no death since their transfer to me. I have no prison surgeon or assistant. In consequence of some misunderstanding between captain and assistant quartermaster and captain and assistant commissary of subsistence the prisoners were without food for the twenty-four hours ending at noon to-day, and up to this time neither fuel nor well or water buckets have ben supplied. The latter officer, Captain Galt, signs himself as commanding the post. I have directed that no person be permitted to enter the inclosure except by my order. To prevent the possibility of unpleasant feeling (as I cannot obey orders from Captain Galt) please cause an order to be issued on the subject. Meantime I consider myself in command of the post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Colonel Forty-second North Carolina Troops, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Telegraph to Colonel Gibbs to appoint quartermaster immediately for the prisoners; to call in the commissary at Lynchburg for rations such as are issued to our own soldiers. Inform the Quartermaster-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

