
souri, and of his son, William H. Clark, both of whom are now at Camp Chase, Ohio, and to ask that means be taken to procure their exchange as early as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 20, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Colonel richard Thomas Zarvona applied to me in June, 1861, for service, being a graduate at West Point from Maryland. I extended to him the same courtesies I extended to other gentlemen from the State and authorized him to raise a regiment for the State service. Before he could do this I sent him upon an expedition in conjunction with the War Department, arranged with the Secretary of War, which resulted in the capture of the Saint Nicholas and other vessels. Immediately thereafter he with my approval went upon a mission of great importance, in the attempt to perform which he was captured and has been held in close confinement by the enemy ever since, and from all reports which have reached me has been subjected to cruelty unexampled among civilized nations.

When Zarvona was captured he held a commission of colonel of active volunteers from the State of Virginia, and though I have requested the Confederate Government to interfere in his behalf I have been unable to effect his exchange or produce any amelioration in his condition. Upon my own responsibility I took an occasion to inform Colonel Zarvona that if the threat of Lincoln's Government to hang him upon the charge of piracy and treason was carried out I would see that two of his grade should hang for him. Captain Alexander, assistant adjutant-general and acting provost-marshal, informs me that the contents of this note were made known to the commandant at Fort McHenry, and in a few days Colonel Zarvona was informed that he would not be hung and his treatment was much ameliorated until after Captain Alexander's escape. I have caused funds in specie to be supplied for the comfort of Colonel Zarvona, but am unable to say whether he has received any of the benefits thereof.

I earnestly trust that after twelve months' confinement some steps may be taken to effect his speedy release. No act is better calculated to endear our men to the cause than the earnest, zealous efforts of the Government to relieve our prisoners' wants and speedily to effect their exchange.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Governor Letcher that the efforts of the Department to procure a fair exchange of prisoners have been unremitting; that at length it has reason to hope that a cartel of exchange is about to be commenced and from the facts now stated by the Governor will be able to claim the benefit of it for Colonel Zarvona.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

