
death will ensue. Grant my request for God's, humanity's and my family's sake, and that God's choicest blessings may rest on you and yours will ever be my prayer.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN A. DODGE,

Colonel Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to the Surgeon-General. If this officer's situation renders a removal to another hospital proper and advisable I wish it done.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Inspector of hospital will examine this officer. I will go with [him] at about 1. 30 p. m.

[S. P. MOORE.]

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE OF INSPECTOR OF HOSPITAL, June 25, 1862.

I have examined this officer and find his wound in a healthy condition. Erysipelas has occurred in several cases in the hospital. He objects, however, to being removed to another hospital, preferring to remain where he is if not paroled.

F. SORREL,

Surgeon and Inspector of Hospital.

PRAIRIE LEA, CALDWELL COUNTY, June 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIR: By order of Brigadier General H. H. Sibley I am authorized to report myself to you a paroled prisoner for exchange. I was wounded in the battle of Valverde on the 21st of February last. I was left at the hospital at the town of Socorro and put upon hospital parole by the Federals about the 14th of April, together with all the hospital. About the 21st of April I was taken prisoner and (as you will see per date of parole) put on general parole on the 23rd of April:

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., April 23, 1862.

I, N. D. Cartwright, lieutenant of Company A of the First Regiment, Sebley's brigade, Confederate Army, do solemnly swear that I will not bear arms against the rectly, serve against the Government unless duly exchanged or otherwise released by proper authority form the obligations of this parole: So help me God.

N. D. CARTWRIGHT,

Brevet Second Lieutenant, Company A, First Regiment, Sibley's Brigade.

I hereby certify that the foregoing is a correct statement of the facts concerning my imprisonment and parole. Also the part in brackets on the reverse side hereof a correct copy of the parole taken by me and signed as above indicated.

N. D. CARTWRIGHT,

Bvt. Second Lieutenant, Company A, First Regiment, Sibley's Brigade.

P. S. -SIR: [Will] you please attend to the above business with as much dispatch as possible as I am anxious to rejoin my company and avenge a wrong done to our brigade that none but our present enemies would have stooped to?

Yours, fraternally,

N. D . CARTWRIGHT.

