
I have also to request a reply to my communication* of the 10th instant at your earliest convenience, as I have quite a number of applications and inquiries to answer from constituents.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

THOS. A. HARRIS.

P. S. -Address to Lynchburg, Va.
HEADQUARTERS HUGER'S DIVISION, June 23, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding.

GENERAL: I inclose you a letter which no doubt is from General John E. Wool, dated 13th instant,+ but he has omitted to sign it, and with it a copy of his letter++ to me of 1st of June, at which time, supposing I was at Petersburg, he forwarded a number of our privateersmen to be exchanged. As I had left Petersburg I never received this letter and any arrangement made was done by others.

As I am now out of position to attend to these matters I beg to refer these letters through you to the War Department for its action.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BEE,

Near San Antonio, Tex., June 23, 1862.

Major E. F. GRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters

Sub-Military Dist. of the Rio Grande, San Antonio, Tex.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the brigadier-general commanding the district that agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 242, I broke up my camp at this place on the morning of the 28th of May ultimo and took up the line of march for Gillespie County. I reached Fredericksburg, the county site, on the morning of the 30th, and immediately proclaimed martial law as existing within the limits of the county, and in Precinct Numbers 5 of Kerr County, giving six days to enable the citizens to report to the provost-marshal and take the oath of allegiance. I found the people shy and timid. I visited with a part of my company several of the settlements and explained to the people the object of our visit to their county. In a few days they displayed much more confidence in us, and in a corresponding ratio more desire to serve the Government.

At first I found it impossible to obtain forage for the horses of my company form the fact that the people who were favorable to the Confederate States Government had sold, whilst those who still had corn would not sell for paper money. I therefore directed Lieutenant Lilly to wait on Mr. F. Lochte, a wealthy merchant of the place who had bought largely the produce of the country, and who would not sell for paper currency, and inform him that it required fifty bushels of corn. After some little hesitation he agreed to furnish it. After this I had no difficulty in getting forage and all other necessary supplies.

On the night of the 3rd instant I received an order from the adjutant-general's office to cause the arrest of certain citizens of Medina County,

---------------

*See Vol. III, this Series, p. 896.

+Not found.

++See Vol. III, this Series, p. 618.

---------------

50 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

