
edged to me to have done, but the fellow was evidently so worthless that I took no steps in the matter. On the return of their party form Fredericksburg, Mr. King, one of their number, immediately started for Austin, where it is generally supposed by the citizens of Blanco the headquarters of the traitorous clique exists. A few days afterwards General Jack Hamilton was in that section of country, and although I have no positive evidence to that effect I have every reason to believe that King was dispatched by his party to report to Hamilton the state of affairs in the upper country, and that in consequence of the information thus conveyed he repaired to the disaffected settlements to attempt in them the creation of a military organization. I have undoubted information that strangers in large numbers have been gathering within the last few weeks at Guy Hamilton's ranch in Travis, near the Blanco County line. As many as twelve have passed Captain Cleveland's house in two or three days, all inquiring the way to Hamilton's.

I am assured by the best citizens of Blance that the disaffected of Kerr, Gillespie, Llano, Travis, Blanco and neighboring counties are organizing and that the rendezvous of the party is at or near Hamitlon's ranch.

On the 18th instant is broke up camp at Blanco City and moved my command near Boerne. Here I caused the arrest of Julius 'Schlicum, a merchant, who has been bitterly opposed to us and who I have reason to believe took an active part in forwarding expresses and information to Federal prisoners at Camp Verde and the disaffected citizens of his own and adjoining counties. He has been almost always in possession of news from the seat of war at least two days in advance of the mail. He controls from 100 to 150 votes in Kendall County. Mr. Schlicum is now a prisoner in the guard-house at San Antonio.

On the morning of the 20th instant I received Special Orders, Numbers 299, directing me to repair with my company without delay to San Antonio. On the same day I took up the line of march for this place where I arrived on the 21st instant at noon.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Captain, Commanding Company of Texas Partisan Dragoons.

LYNCHBURG, Va., June 24, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: If you will pardon the intrusion of a suggestion I will without further ado proceed to make it. I have visited in person the breach in the canal a mile above this city. It is a mere crevasse and could be repaired in twenty-four or forty-eight hours with proper force. The want of sufficient force I learn is the cause of the delay in making this important repair. I learn that provisions are daily lessened in the supply in richmond. the completion of the canal and putting it in working order may become a military necessity. The 2,000 or 3,000 Yankee prisoners at this point could in forty-eight hours put the canal in operating condition. My suggestion is that they be put to the work. Many would volunteer at 15 or 30 cents per day. In Missouri prisoners are put to work on intrenchments, &amp;c., without respect to persons.

Believing that you will take the suggestion in the spirit it is intended,

I am, truly, yours,

THOS. A. HARRIS.

