HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, June 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I send to Richmond to-day upon parole Major W. A. Coffey, First Kentucky Cavalry, a prisoner captured some time since by Colonel J. H. Morgan and paroled by him as a prisoner of war. Major Coffey repaired to Washington and endeavored to effect his exchange, but failing returned and delivered himself up to Colonel Morgan. He has been in this city for some time past and had too much opportunity of informing himself about the affairs of this military department and the temper of the citizens for him to be prudently exchanged at this time. It is just to add that Major Coffey bears a very high character as a gentleman and soldier, and it is with regret that I am constrained to request that any arrangement for his exchange be for the present postponed.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, June 27, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.

GENERAL: Major W. A. Coffey, a prisoner of war upon parole, having been today sent on to Richmond, Va., the major-general commanding directs that you permit Thomas Douglas (who brought Major Coffey from Columbia, Tenn., to Chattanooga) to go upon his return home with his carriage and horses beyond our lines. He will return the same route by which he came, and will be first sworn to make no communication to the enemy involving the welfare of the Confederacy, and particularly to give them no intelligence of the character, number and disposition of our troops. You will also deliver to him the accompanying bundle of letters, all of which are unsealed, with a written statement that they were received by Major Cofey under the impression he would very soon be sent upon parole beyond our lines, and that nearly all of them were examined by him; and further that Major Coffey requests the officer who may receive them to forward them to their respective destinations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, June 27, 1862.

Major W. A. COFFEY, First Kentucky Cavalry, U. S. Army.

MAJOR: The major-general commanding this military department directs that as a prisoners of war upon parole you proceed immediately to Richmond, Va. Upon arrival at that place you will report in person to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, and await his orders.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

