
SALT POND, GILES COUNTY, VA., June 27, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: On the 29th of January last I was paroled by Brigadier-General Rosecrans for exchange as a prisoner of war. The nature of parole will fully appear by reference to a letter addressed to yourself by Colonel Willey and myself about the 27th of March last. At that time negotiations for exchange of prisoners of war were suspended. On the 31st of March you addressed a letter to me informing me that the President would not consent to my return to captivity according to the terms of my parole, for reasons therein stated. On the 14th of May I called again at your office and was then informed that I had not yet been exchanged, but that negotiations were again opened and it was thought a system of exchange would be agreed upon very soon. My parole and the letter aforesaid is in your office and you will see that my parole was limited. I am doing nothing for the good of my country while in my present condition. If the reason for my compulsory detention has ceased to exist I want to be exchanged or to receive passports to return to my captors in conformity to the terms of my parole. The individual designated in my parole to be returned for me was Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, of the Second Kentucky Regiment.

I am now in the vicinity of the force with which I was acting nearly twelve months since when captured. I hope to be able to render some service, and if any regard is paid to the date of capture in exchanging prisoners let me have the benefit of that preference. If I can receive a certificate of exchange according to my parole or a passport for return to my captors be pleased to forward it to me at Giles Court-House, Va., care of Colonel Peter C. Buffington. My condition is extremely embarrassing to me and I beg of the Department to act in my behalf.

Yours, most respectfully,

MILTON J. FERGUSON.

[First indorsement.]

I wish to see his letter of March 27.

[G. W. R.]

[Second indorsement.]

The file room cannot find anything except the inclosures. I find letter written to Mr. F. telling him that he could not be exchanged until the enemy should make due return for men already released and that General Wool would be informed of the fact and reason for the compulsory detention.

[McG.]

[Third indorsement.]

Inform him that the enemy have agreed to a general exchange and that communications were interrupted by the recent operations before Richmond.

G. W. R.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 26,, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: You can place the most implicit confidence in the inclosed statement* of Colonels Willey and Ferguson and Private Spurlock. I know them well. The two letter are my constituents. I am myself personally cognizant of nearly everything stated by these three gentlemen.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

