
Allow me to beg the most speedy action in this matter. You kindly promised this morning to call the attention of the President to the case. Your predecessor sent a communication to our body containing a suggestion that Congress should pass a resolution declaring our officers now here on parole from the enemy released therefrom. I do not see much prospect of proper and timely relief in this quarter.

In great haste, yours, respectfully,

A. G. JENKINS.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Mr. Jenkins of letter to Messrs. Willey, &amp;c., and its purport.

[G. W. R.]

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., March 28, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

On the 26th instant the Secretary of War asked od us to submit to him a written statement of our cases as paroled prisoners, which we did. We now solicit a prompt decision that we either return to our captors or that we are exchanged, and if we return to our captors that our passports be furnished us.

Respectfully,

WILLIAM J. WILLEY.

MILTON J. FERGUSON.

HURSTON SPURLOCK.

BALTIMORE, June 28, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

DEAR SIR: On to-day I called upon Major-General Wool. I showed him the letter you addressed to me stating the reasons why no more special exchanges would be made. He says that he has been and is now in favor of and authorized to make a general exchange. That he is willing to make a general exchange by the cartel adopted between the United States and Great Britain in the war of 1812, or he is willing to make a new cartel. That when he sent the privateersmen up to City Point he sent with the officer who had them in charge that cartel, i. e., the one adopted between himself and General Cobb. that he has had no answer from our Government on the subject. further, he says that he cannot write to your Department in answer to a letter directed to me or any third party. that inasmuch as his letters have not been answered he thinks the initiative ought to come from you and that he is ready to respond to any proposition made to him by you for a general exchange and parole of prisoners of war.

Respectfully,

H. H. ROBERTSON.

P. S. -My destination is Fort Delaware. I start by first boat.

H. H. R.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 29, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: When you send a flag of truce again there are two matters which I wish you to bring to the notice of the general in command of the U. S. forces for the consideration of his Government.

