
determine whether such trial had been allowed. I will make the same communication here and call special attention to the case of Colonel Owen.

I submitted your views in reference to the guerrilla war said to be going on in Missouri to the President and informed him that you desired an expression of opinion from the Government on the policy of such warfare. He is inclined to agree with you in opinion, but does not consider himself sufficiently informed of the state of things in Missouri to express an opinion upon the matter. Generals Magruder and Dice will soon repair to the Trans-Mississippi Department, and we hope that a system of regular warfare will soon be initiated which will render a guerrilla war unnecessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, June 29, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond.

DEAR SIR: Release on parole the men and keep the officers here or at Salisbury, N. C. I have had many chances to observe these people and find the officers bitter. The privates to a man say: "Let us go and we will never fight again. " God bless you.

Your old friend,

W. W. GILMER.

[Indorsement.]

Inform that the Department was engaged in doing so when the recent operations commenced and had sent off about 2,000 privates and noncommissioned officers.

[G. W. R.]
HEADQUARTERS, [DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,] June 30, 1862.

Colonel P. B. STARKE, Commanding, Jackson, Miss.

COLONEL: You may inform Captain Nase (Federal prisoner of war) that the general commanding has made repeated efforts to induce the Federal authorities to recognize and square their conduct with the usages of war in relation to prisoners of war, but General Halleck has failed to reply to the efforts made to ameliorate the condition of prisoners and has violated in effect his own voluntary promises, hence the general at present does not feel authorized to parole Captain Nase, but will propose his exchange at an early day for Captain M. T. Polk, one of our wounded officers in possession of the enemy at----.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

NEAR ASHLAND, June 30, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH.

MY DEAR SIR: By this mail I send you officially a notification of the facts that on the 29th ultimo I was captured by a party sent for that purpose by General Emory to my father's where I was too ill to get out of the way. I add this privata note to beg your good offices in getting me released as soon as practicable from my parole not to bear

