
arms against the United States until exchanged. Robertson's promotion makes me particularly anxious to be enabled to rejoin the regiment, which sadly needs my care. I feel confident that both for my sake and the sake of the service you will do what you can for me.

Yours, truly,

WMS. C. WICKHAM.

NEAR ASHLAND, June 30, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that on the 29th of May (I being at that time lieutenant-colonel of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry), being at my father's wounded and in a state of health in which my surgeon told me my life would be endangered by any attempt at removal, I was by order of General Emory, of the U. S. Army, put upon my parole not to bear arms until exchanged. I find myself now so far better that I think I could join my regiment in a few days could I procure the release from my parole. I am very desirous to do so and there are reasons why I should be as soon as practicable with the there are reasons why I should be as soon as practicable with the regiment. I hope therefore that I may look forward to an early exchange.

Your obedient servant,

WMS. C. WICKHAM,

Colonel Fourth Virginia Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 46. Richmond, July 1, 1862.

* * *

II. Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 44, current series, is hereby rescinded and the following paragraph is substituted in lieu thereof:

Persons under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age who have re-enlisted for three years or the war are not entitled to their discharge under the conscript act. Persons of the ages above mentioned who enlisted for twelve months or for a shorter term will be entitled to their discharge ninety days after the expiration of their term of service.

III. All chaplains taken prisoners of war by the armies of the Confederate States while engaged in the discharge of their proper duties will be immediately and unconditionally released.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July--, 1862.

Major General D. H. Hill, Commanding Division.

GENERAL: I find on inquiry that there will be some difficulty in delivering the released prisoners at City Point. It will be best to march them down by the Varina road (a branch of the New Market road) to A. M. Aiken's, a point on the river below Dutch Gap, where they can be received by their own boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

