
success of our army before Richmond. We deem it a simple act of justice to General Reynolds to state for the information of our Government that for a portion of the time during which Fredericksburg has been occupied by the U. S. forces General Reynolds was the military commandant here. In discharging his functions as such the citizens and civil authorities of the town were necessarily brought into personal intercourse with him touching matters involving the rights of private property and the domestic order and peace of the town. We feel called ancient manner a desire and determination so to conduct his military command here as to conserve and protect as far as practicable the personal rights and domestic comfort of the citizens, and thus to mitigate, so far as his action could avail, the evils and annoyances which are incident to such an occupation. Your own military experience will readily suggest to you how materially such conduct as this on the part of a commanding officer could avail in saving our citizens from the countless ills which an unbridled and licentious soldiery might inflict on a helpless population; and while, sir, neither this kindness and consideration nor any other act or line of conduct pursued by the military authority now occupying our homes can avail in the slightest degree in modifying our sentiments touching the heinousness of our invasion or our devotion to our beloved cause and Government, yet we do feel that inasmuch as when we were

prisoners in the hands of General Reynolds we received from him a treatment distinguished by a marked an considerate respect for our opinions and feelings, it becomes us to use our feeble influence in invoking for him, now a prisoner of our Government, yet we do feel that inasmuch as when we were prisoners in the hands of General Reynolds we received from him a treatment distinguished by a marked and considerate respect for our opinions and feelings, it becomes us to use our feeble influence in invoking for him, now a prisoner of our Government, a treatment as kind and considerations of public policy and duty which may enter into this question and which may restrain and hinder our Government from consulting its feelings and instincts in determining such a matter. Certainly we are far from desiring that any measures of leniency should prevail in particular instances toward Federal captives if it weakens in any degree the power of our Government to demand and secure the comfort and rights of our own brave men now captives in Federal hands.

With great respect, &amp;c.,

M. SLAUGHTER, Mayor.

[And 26 others.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 153. Richmond, July 3, 1862.

* * *

XIV. Drill-master C. C. Trabue is relieved from duty at Camp Lee and will report to General John H. Winder, commanding, &c., for duty at the C. S. military prisons in this city.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Doctor Poindexter's House, July 3, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: The number of prisoners taken during the last week make it necessary that some provision be made both for their security and

