
all of the medical directors in your army with whom I have conferred, fully agree with me as to the humanity of carrying out this proposition.

Hoping to hear from you soon, I remain,

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN SWINGURNE,

Acting Surgeon in Charge of the Sick.

P. S. -My object of asking an immediate and unconditional parole is that time should have saved and that the sufferers should be relived more speedily, and as in the case of the surgeons' parole, which I believe was inaugurated by General Jackson, of your army, and advised by Doctor McGuire, so in this I feel assured that my Government could not fail to reciprocate the attention and favor.

I am, &c.,

J. S.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, July 4, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War. I will give directions for the sick prisoners to be concentrated at Savage Station, convenient to the York River Railroad. I am willing and recommend that the sick and wounded be released on parole not to bear arms, &c., till regularly exchanged, but am not able now to carry out the arrangement.

R. E. LEE,General.

SPRING HILL, near Marietta, [Ga.,] July 3, 1862.

Honorable ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS,

Vice-President Confederate State of America.

DEAR SIR: The liberty I take in addressing you is only justified from the circumstances that urge me in doing so. My son, Major Henry Myers, late paymaster in the U. S. Navy, was one of the first officers to resign and tender his services to Georgia, his native State, as soon as she seceded or even before that event. When the Confederate Government was organized he received the same office he had heretofore held and in a very short time after was ordered to the Sumter, which he joined and was on board of her during her whole cruise. While at Cadiz he heard that a friend of her during her whole cruise. While at Cadiz he heard that a friend of his was ill at Tangier. He passed over to attend him. He had landed but a short time when the U. S. consul with an armed force seized him, put him in irons on board of the U. S. ship Ino, and in that degrading condition sent him to Fort Warren, where he is now a prisoner.

The Government of Morocco protested against this violation of her territory and being compelled to furnish an armed force, but the U. S. consul alarmed that weak power by declaring he would strike his flag and bombard the city. She was then alarmed in to a compliance with the demand. The British subjects residing in Tangier, indignant at the outrage and the barbarous treatment of my son, addressed as memorial to Parliament which was presented by Mr. Layard, under secretary of state. It was postponed for the time being, as Mr. Layard observed that he had no doubt Mr. Lincoln's sense of justice and respect for the rights of neutral territory and a friendly power would induce him to order the release of Mr. Myers as soon as he arrived in the United States, but Mr. Layard was mistaken in the favorable opinion he had expressed of Mr. Lincoln. My son is still a prisoner in Fort Warren,

