
rooms of the same dimensions as the first floor. One of the halls, 48 by 31 feet, is, however, used as a prison room and has 36 cells arranged in 2 tiers, one tier above the other, and 18 inches each. The third story of the central building is occupied or has been as officers' quarters and will accommodate 12. By a proper disposition of the rooms and offices in the first and second stories 1,000 men can readily be accommodated, and by a use of all the rooms in the basement the same number can be seated at once and 2,000 cooked for at once. There are sinks and bath-houses to the rear of the building and two sheds 50 by 20 feet used for washing rooms and store-rooms, one small store-house 30 feet square and a sutler's store 40 by 30 feet, and a small dwelling house 50 by 30 feet, stable sheds for horses 50 feet by 10, and other low sheds 100 feet by 8 feet.

The ground is completely surrounded by a high close board fence except one side which has a picket fence.

With the exception of the school brick building the buildings are all of one story in height, of wooden frames, new and covered with rough boards matched, and the seam again covered by an outer board. The roofs are covered in the same manner. They have pitched roofs at the ridge about 15 feet in height and at the eaves about 8 feet. The floors are firm, of plank, and the buildings are all well ventilated. On the adjacent ground and separated from them by a close board fence 8 feet in height are two long barrack buildings, each 500 by 20 feet, with sinks, bath-houses and guard-house. These buildings are all new, of wooden frames, with pitched roofs of about the same height and covered in the same manner as those already described. They are well ventilated and have good floors. One has a piazza 10 feet wide running the entire length of the building. Each is divided into five divisions of 100 feet each designed to accommodate 100 men each, which they will readily do, or even 150. The middle division of the building with the piazza has four small divisions of 25 feet each and is used as a dispensary and cook room for the sick and wounded recently arrived (within a week) there.

There are at this camp about 1,700 wooden bunks in all and 3,000 linen ticks for straw. There are no kitchens on this ground, all the cooking being done in the basement of the Industrial School building. The guard-house is an octagonal building 40 feet in diameter and one story in height, at present used as a dispensary. There are bath-houses near each of the barrack buildings well supplied with hydrant water and good cleanly sinks for the men. The guard-house has two rooms of equal dimensions. There is no bake-house, the food being supplied, cooked and placed on the table and the table furniture and kitchen utensils found by contracting parties at 24 1/2 cents each ration. Lumber can be brought at 6 cents per foot.

These barracks are designed for 1,000 men but will accommodate at least one-third more. Accompanying this description is a ground plan of the grounds and all buildings and an additional plan of each story of the Industrial School building, with notes and references, all of which are respectively submitted.

With highest respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry.

