
and I understand by a note from him direct that the Lincoln Government has resolved to treat him as a political prisoner. Such being the case he will be confined of this savage war waged against us. I therefore ask of you to have the circumstances attendant on my son's capture and imprisonment brought to the notice and attention of our Government, that it may adopt such measures as will insure his release and show to the civilized nations of the world the course pursued by the Lincoln Government and its disregard of the rights of a weak and feeble power with which it was at peace.

I am, dear sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. MYERS.

[Indorsement.]

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State:

I indorse this letter and ask for it such consideration and attention as may be deemed proper.

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 4, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

GENERAL: I have already ordered an examination into the condition of the sick and wounded of the enemy at Gaines' farm and Savage's, and on a report made this morning I directed them to be all collected at Savage's, where they can be properly attended.

Lieutenant-Colonel Sheilds, under General Winder's orders, has been charged with this duty and I think that you need give yourself no further trouble about it. The sick and wounded of the enemy at the points mentioned are reported to be about 1,700.

You can appoint General Cobb to meet General Wool and vest him with full authority to agree to a general exchange. The sooner it is done the better, as the number of prisoners is increasing to an extent that threatens serious embarrassment.

I have telegraphed a circular to the officers in the different States charged with enrolling conscripts ordering them to hasten it and to send on the recruits in parties of 100 or 200 as they are obtained. There is a new regiment just organized in Florida, shall I bring it here or send it to Chattanooga? I have ordered to the latter place Hilliard's infantry, about 850 strong, from Montgomery; the Forty-first Alabama, said to be 1,250 strong, from Tuscaloosa; Smith's Legion of six companies of infantry and seven of cavalry; Barkuloo's and Harkie's regiments and Capers' battalion of infantry [artillery]; Lawton's cavalry regiment, and a cavalry battalion, besides some partisan corps.

These troops are along the line of the railroad to Chattanooga, all above Atlanta. I have ordered 6,000 stand of arms to the latter point at General Smith's request.

We have succeeded in running in two other cargoes of arms and powder, and shall have no further difficulty on those points.

I have directed an organized force of wagons with an ordnance officer and an officer of the Quartermaster's Department to follow your army for the purpose of gathering up arms and stores. We have 8,000 or 10,000 muskets now in our arsenal.

The French and English consuls have detained their couriers until to-morrow upon my promise to give them accurate information of the

