
ATLANTA, GA., July 6, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: When in Richmond some weeks since I had an interview with you in regard to an exchange of prisoners and I also called your attention to the anxiety that Kentuckians felt in regard to Brigadier-Generals Buckner and Tilghman. You informed me that you had written to the Federal authorities to know whether General Buckner was in close confinement and that unless you received an answer within a reasonable time stating that the information which you had of his treatment was untrue you would put General Prentiss in close confinement and treat him just as you had heard Buckner was. This was to me satisfactory and highly gratifying and I informed the friends of Generals Buckner and Tilgham, that I was satisfied that neither of them was treated as we had heard, because I had no doubts from what you said to me that if such was the case our Government would retaliate by placing General Prentiss and other Federal officers in close confinement. I wrote Mrs. Buckner saying that I was satisfied that the information we had of the general's treatment was untrue. I did not doubt that such was the case until yesterday I met Captain Stephen F. Chipley, of the Second Kentucky Regiment, who has been paroled and is just through from Fort Warren. He informed me that some three or four days after General Buckner reached the fort he and General Tilgham were placed in solitary confinement in rooms with the windows closed up and that they were not opened until each pledged himself that they would not speak to or recognize any one from the windows, and this was required after a surgeon had certified that unless the windows were opened their health would give way and in all probability death would ensue. They communication with each other or with any one else. They have not since been permitted to recognize or speak to any one. Their officers in the prison with them have not been permitted even to salute them in their solitary walk upon the parapet. General Buckner has not been permitted to write a line to any friend since his confinement or to see any one.

I am satisfied of the entire truthfulness of this statement. Captain Chipley is a man of intelligence and integrity and would make no statement that was not true. I have felt it only necessary to call your attention to the treatment of these gallant men to insure the adoption of such measures as will force the Federal Government to treat them in all respects as prisoners of war. I have no doubt that Generals Tilghman and Buckner have been treated thus at the instigation of Kentuckians in Washington City. I am also satisfied that you had no reliable information that these gentlemen had been treated in the manner detailed or a different course would have been pursued to was General Prentiss and the generals who have been recently captured in the series of battles before Richmond. There are thousands of true men in Kentucky and all in our Army from that State who feel a deep interest in all that concerns thee generals and many of them believe that there has not been that attention upon the part of the authorities to their treatment Confederacy demanded. I am not one of those and have endeavored to correct this impression as far as I could by referring to my interview with you in Richmond some weeks since. I should be much gratified to hear from you in reference to what steps if any have been taken by our Government in the premises.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. BURNETT.

