
[Indorsement.]

Inform him that the fact of bad treatment was not only denied by the United States Government in answer to our demand, but also by Major Cosby, General Buckner's assistant adjutant-general, who was paroled for a short time and came to Richmond. He represented that with the exception of denying him intercourse with the other prisoners he was kindly treated, well lodged, and allowed to take the air on the ramparts. Colonel Dimick, the U. S. officer in command at Fort Warren, is very friendly to General Buckner.

As we exercise the right of separating prisoners we cannot call in question that of the enemy to do the same thing.

[G. W. R.]

[Inclosure]

Our Prisoners at Fort Warren.

[From the Boston Journal.]

There are now about 150 rebel prisoners at Fort Warren, which will probably be increased very soon. Three only are kept in close confinement; Charles Keene, a privateer and Generals Buckner and Tilghman. Keene is only allowed out at 5 a. m., (reveille) to mach with his tub, flanked by two of the guard, across the parade ground and back to his cell. The two generals are allowed, separately to go out one hour each day, between 9 and 10 o'clock.

Let our Government take a note of this. Our generals in close confinement in a fort, while the Yankee generals are allowed their liberty and suffered to lounge and luxuriate at our best hotels. - Examiner.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Commanding First Brigade.

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inquire if descriptive lists of the Federal prisoners received by General Mitchel were taken by you. If they were taken as he supposes you will forward them without delay through this office for the information of the authorities at Richmond that they may be put upon the record.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA, Numbers 727. Opelousas, July 7, 1862

The Governor and commander-in-chief has been informed that parties in Calcasieu and Vermillion Parishes have refused and do refuse to receive in payment the notes of this State and also of the Confederate States, and that one Bertrand residing in Grand Chenier and one Corso, on Lake Charles in the Parish of Vermillion, have positively refused the notes of this State and the Confederate States. These parties and all others who thus refuse the aforesaid notes are considered and are enemies to the Southern Confederacy and its cause and should be dealt with accordingly. Colonel Daniel O'Bryan, of the Parish of Vermillion, will immediately on the reception of this order cause the arrest of Bertrand and Corso and of all others in his parish who have refused the notes of the State and of the Confederate States, and he will cause them to be imprisoned, examine facts, require of them to take the oath of allegiance, and in discharging them warn

