
In the palmy days of the proud old Roman Republic, "I am a Roman citizen," from the Persian borders to the Pillars of Hercules, was an aegis of safety to every Roman. Let our President inaugurate this principle and the terror which it will inspire in the hearts of the selfish Northern fanatics will insure protection and respect for such of our citizens as may unfortunately fall into their power, and thus wring from their cowardly fears rights which are recognized by every Christian nation as those of humanity consistent with the laws of war.

The delivery of Butler or the hanging of McCall would strike terror and consternation through the entire Northern population. Its justice they would not gainsay and the terrible retribution following the ignominious murder of one of our Confederate citizens would afford to them and to Europe the sublime spectacle of a nation's power protecting the life or avenging the death of its humblest citizen.

I write this to you with the view of its being laid before the President. You have known me many years and know how conservative I am in my opinions and feelings. I here express the unanimous sentiment of our people, and so far from time allaying the excitement caused by this act of merciless barbarity of the ruffian Butler, it has the effect only of making it more profound.

With humble thanks to our Heavenly Father for the great victory achieved at Richmond by our gallant fellow-citizens, and uniting with you in prayer to Him that He will crown up with victories until we conquer peace and independence.

I am very truly, yours,

F. S. BLOUNT.

[First indorsement.]

[RICHMOND, July 15, 1862.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

Colonel F. S. Blount, the writer of this letter is a lawyer of distinction in Mobile and I have no doubt reflects fully the sentiments of the whole people for retaliation due to the base murder of Mumford, of New Orleans. I suppose, however, that the object of his communication has been the subject of consideration and that appropriate steps have been taken to have justice done in the premises.

In accordance with Colonel Blount's request I respectfully ask your attention to his letter.

T. H. WATTS.

[Second indorsement.]

Secretary of War to inform honorable Attorney-General of the action taken and confer on proposition submitted.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Third indorsement.]

Send to the Attorney-General a copy of letter to General Lee in reference to Mumford* and inform him that a demand has been made on the United States Government in conformity therewith.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

---------------

*See Randolph to Lee, p. 792. William B. Mumford was put to death June 7, 1862, at New Orleans by order of Major-General Butler, pursuant to sentence of a military commission. See Butler to Secretary of War, Vol. III, this Series, June 10, 1862, p. 673, and also Special Orders, Numbers 70, Department, of the Gulf, Vol. III, this Series June 5, 1862 p. 645. For the killing of Colonel John L. Owen see pp. 134, 233. Also see McClellan to Secretary of War, July 11, p. 170.

---------------

