HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 9, 1862

General G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

GENERAL: I am unwilling to communicate with the enemy through the lines about Westover. The best mode of communication will be by a small boat which could cross the obstructions in James River and meet a gun-boat which could cross the obstructions in James River and meet a gun-boat under a flag of truce or go even as far as Westover. Major Allen, of Claremont, has such a boat. I authorized Doctors Guild and Cullen to communicate with McClellan yesterday from Shirley and to restore to him the wounded lying there on parole, but I have not yet heard whether they were able to do so. The delivery of the enemy's wounded into his hands will be difficulty for us to accomplish, though it would be far better for them to be under the care of their own physicians and friends. If the boat can be obtained please let me know as I have some other communications which I wish to make to General McClellan under flag of truce.

I have to honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 10, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

GENERAL: I regret exceeding to hear of the ill-health of General Howell Cobb. I have written to General Wool, U. S. Army, on the subject of the exchange of prisoners and have appointed General Cobb commissioner on the part of the Confederate States to arrange with be too unwell for active duty in the field, many he not be able to perform this duty? It is very desirable that he should do so as he has heretofore had this subject in hand and is more familiar with it than any one else now with this army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

SPOTSWOOD HOUSE, Richmond, July 10, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: The inclosed letter from the Honorable Thomas A. Harris shows that some time since the attention of the President, as well as of yourself, was called to a cruel and flagrant violation of the rules of civilized warfare in the State of Missouri by the Federal authorities. In addition to what was brought to your attention by General Harris in his communications I have to call your attention to the order now issued and published by the officer in command at Saint Louis requiring every person found in arms in that State shot without even the form of a trial. This is nothing less than raising the black flag in that State.

I submit whether this Government ought not to take some immediate steps of retaliation to protect our citizens against such outrages as will necessarily flow from such orders and rules of warfare. The enemy seems to practice upon no such rule in any other State in the Confederacy. The purpose of this letter is to know whether you have responded to General Harris' application by instituting any retaliatory

