
measures to protect the people of Missouri against such wanton and cruel outrages.

There appears to be a marked difference observed by the Federal authorities between prisoners captured in Missouri and in the other Confederate States. This ought not to be permitted by this Government. Missouri being a part of the Confederacy her citizens have a right to expect and ought to receive the same protection as citizens of the other States of the Confederacy. Having for the last few months had no organized army in Missouri, there was no alternative but for the citizens of the State as such to resist as best they could the marches and inroads of the Federal armies through the State. This they had a clear right to do, and if wounded or captured while making such resistance or while endeavoring to maintain the flag of the Confederacy it is surely not only the duty but will be the pleasure of our Government to extend to them all the sympathy and protection in its power. I respectfully ask you (if you have not already) to take the necessary steps to give protection to our citizens now inaugurated in that State. Your early answer is most respectfully requested.

With great respect,

JOHN B. CLARK.

[First indorsement.]

Send copies of letters to General Lee in reference to Mumford and Owen and of letter to Honorable T. A. Harris announcing the fact of a demand on the United States Government. Inform Mr. Clark that General Lee has written to General McClellan on the subject and that the letter has been sent under flag of truce.

G. W. R.

[Second indorsement.]

Mr. Cowen for the copies above called for. General Clark also asks the favor of a copy of his own letter within, being all for publication. He will can on you for them at your leisure.

[Inclosure.]

LYNCHBURG, VA., June 23, 1862

Honorable JOHN B. CLARK, Richmond, Va.

MY DEAR SIR: I have written again to-day to the Secretary of War touching the propriety of the institution of some retaliatory measures in reference to the treatment of prisoners captured by the enemy in the State of Missouri. I am credibly informed that a marked distinction is made between prisoners captured in Missouri and other Confederate States. This should not be permitted. I inclosed to the Secretary of War an extract from a Hannibal (Missouri) paper (the Herald) in which it is stated that Colonel John L. Owen, late of my division, Missouri State Guard, was captured near his home, and although demanding to be treated as a prisoner of war was summarily placed upon a stump and shot without the pretense or form of trial. Can this thing be permitted whilst Madison Miller and other prisoners of that ilk are treated with such consideration by the Confederate States?

I hope you will consider this matter of as grave importance as myself, and that you will think proper to unite with me in the effort to mitigate the sufferings of Missourians in the hands of the enemy by inducing this Government to institute some retaliatory measures, which I believe is the only practical way to effect the object. If you coincide in opinion with me, call in person on the Secretary of War and Presi-

