
dent and urge the matter so that I may be able to take news of favorable intervention by this Government to our friends there. I am only waiting for this before starting West.

You will find all my correspondence at the War Department which I did at the suggestion of the President, who in a conversation seemed disposed to act promptly and favorably in behalf of our unfortunate constituents. As soon as you can leave I advise you to come up here. You will have good living, fresh air and a far preferable place to Richmond during the vacation. Come to the Washington House.

I hope that General Price has succeeded in his wishes. I am expecting him and staff through here every day. Remember me to all of them respectfully, and especially to your son, Colonel John B. Clark, Jr. He promised to write me. If I can be of any assistance or service in any manner telegraph me and I will come down at once. Let me hear from you at your earliest convenience.

Yours, truly,

THOS. A. HARRIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 10, 1862.

Surg. J. S. D. CULLEN, C. S. Army.

SIR: The general commanding desires that you will proceed to the different hospitals in vicinity of the James and Pamunkey Rivers in which are located the wounded Federal prisoners and arrange for their transfer on parole to the Federal authorities, subject to after exchange. You may apply to Naval Department for transportation down the James River. Send in ambulances and provisions for use of the prisoners to be transported to the river. The chief commissary will issue provisions needed upon your requisitions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALISBURY, N. C., July 10, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: We, the undersigned chaplains of the U. S. Army, now held as prisoners of war at this place, understanding that a general order has been issued for the immediate and unconditional release of all chaplains, understanding that this is mutual with both Governments, and still finding ourselves held in custody week after week and believing at the same time that the order for our release is not withheld from any wish to retain us in prison, but an oversight caused by the great pressure of public affairs, simply take this way of calling your attention to our case, hoping it may be consistent for you to send us to our families and our homes.

H. [J.] EDDY.

G. W. DODGE.

W. R. STOCKTON.

LOUIS SCHREINER.

[Indorsement.]

Surgeons and chaplains sent from Salisbury to Petersburg on the 24th July, 1862.,

Respectfully,

JNO H. WINDER.

