
time responsible for the good conduct of its subject. Thinking that cases similar to Mr. Dickey's may have been presented to the Department at Richmond and some rule adopted for their determination, I must ask for specific instructions in reference to Mr. Dickey. Feeling that in this the hour of our trial every measure of precaution against spies should be resorted to, I have directed Colonel Fred. Tate, provost-marshal-general, to send Mr. Dickey to Jackson, where he now is under guard awaiting your decision.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,&amp;c.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Foreign consuls have no power to give passes through our lines. This can only be done by the Department or the commanding general of the army through who lines the party wishes to go. While policy and international comity require us to grant such privileges to foreigners as are not inconsistent with our own welfare, yet they should be arrested if liable to suspicion and held in confinement until their cases can be investigated. This, however, should not be delayed unreasonably.

G. W. R.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, July 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: According to your instructions I wrote to General Kirby Smith asking to be informed what disposition was made of the prisoners sent from Alabama and whom it was said the Federal general refused to receive. I have the honor to inclose the answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, July 3, 1862.

Major H. L. CLAY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR; In compliance with the instructions of the major-general commanding I have the honor to reply that 2,005 prisoners of war have been received at Chattanooga from Georgia and Alabama. Fourteen hundred and forty-five were received by General Mitchel, 560 having been refused by that officer. These were sent to Atlanta at the time of the bombardment of Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 11, 1862

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES R. HOWARD,

Commanding Cavalry, Charleston, Tenn.

COLONEL: Your communication relating to the refusal of certain citizens to take Confederate notes in payment of debts and their arrest because of it has been received. While the commanding general

