
believes that such a refusal is a grave political offense, and declares that persons so offending are liable to be arrested, he has issued no order directing what course officers should pursue in such cases. The question is full of difficulty and the policy to be pursued is undecided. You will therefore made no further arrests until it is determined at headquarters. The prisoners charged with having sold cotton yarns to be disposed of to the enemy having given bond for their good behavior,&amp;c., and avowed their determination at headquarters. The prisoners charged with having sold cotton yarns to be disposed of to the enemy having given bond for their good behavior, &c., and avowed their determination to receive Confederate notes in payment of debts due them, have been released. Similar cases will in future be reported to headquarters before arrests are made.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 12, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I am directed by the President to inform you that he has received a telegram from Mrs. Nicholls in relation to Lieutenant Colonel Francis T. Nicholls, Eighth Louisiana Regiment, who was left wounded at Winchester, and as is supposed fell into the hands of the enemy some weeks since. A dispatch from a Northern paper, dated Manassas, June 30, states that a Lieutenant-Colonel Nicholls had been arrested in the Federal camp disguised as a peddler and that he was to be treated as a spy. It is possible that this may be the officer above referred to and that he was attempting to escape in disguise from the enemy's lines. The President is desirous that inquiry should be made by the first flag of truce to ascertain if possible the facts regarding the case in question.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 12, 1862.

Surg. L. GUILD,

Medical Director, Department of Northern Virginia.

SIR: General Lee desires me to inform you that having received a letter to-day from General McClellan expressing his willingness to receive the wounded prisoners he has referred to letter to doctor Cullen and directed him to make all necessary arrangements for the transfer and he desires that you will give Doctor Cullen all the assistance you can in this matter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 12, 1862.

Brigadier General D. LEADBETTER, Commanding First Brigade.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that on the 6th instant a letter was addressed you to "forward without delay through this office descriptive lists of the Federal prisoners received by General Mitchel. " As they have not been received at department

