
headquarters and the information is required by the authorities at Richmond the major-general commanding directs that they be forwarded without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ELLISVILLE, COLUMBIA COUNTY, FLA., July 12, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: While in command of the island of Cedar Keys, on the Gulf coast of this State, with a detachment of men from my company (Company F, Fourth Regiment Florida Volunteers), we were on the 15th of January last intercepted in attempting to evacuate the island by the U. S. steamer Hatters and captured. The privates and non-commissioned officers were taken to New York, myself confined at Key West for some time and then paroled not to take up arms until regularly exchanged. I see that exchanges are frequently made and I have been here (at home) anxiously awaiting an exchange. The late colonel of my regiment (Colonel Hopkins) assures me that he made every effort he could to have it done and the present colonel (James P. Hunt), now at Mobile, promised to do the same. Cannot something be done by your Department consistent with the interests of the Government to secure an exchange? I am anxious to again enter the service and shall be impatient to hear something.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM T. WEEKS.

Second Lieutenant Company F, Fourth Regiment Florida Vols.,

RICHMOND, July 12, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR; I have the honor to report that in conference with Mr. Brunot I have selected W. H. Smith, O. L. Miller and J. W. Wightman to be exchanged for Richard Washington, Richard E. De Atley and Rufus King. The exchange is to be effected by releasing the persons first named as soon as we hear the three last named are released by the U. S. authorities and permitted to return home free from danger of arrest. I append a note of the examination of the three persons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. BAXTER.

1. J. W. Wightman; native of Allegheny County, Pa. ; father a former graduate of Jefferson College, Pa. ; belongs to sanitary committee of Pittsburgh; student of Allegheny Theological Seminary.

2. O. L. Miller; Westmoreland County, Pa., father a farmer; student of medicine with his brother in Allegheny County; member of sanitary committee.

3. W. H. Smith; native and citizen of Knox County, Ind.,; father was a farmer and is now dead; student of theological seminary at Pittsburgh.

S. S. BAXTER.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1862.

Approved. General Winder will carry it out.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

