
reported to me this morning. Doubting the propriety of allowing them to return at this time to their homes I send them to you for disposition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS F. GOODE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 14, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding &amp;c.

SIR: General Winder has submitted your letter of the 14th instant to me.

We cannot recognize the right of the U. S. forces to seize our citizens and by paroling them to place them in a situation where they will be punished by us if they decline to render military service and shot by the enemy if they do. General McClellan should be informed that we do not recognize these paroles and shall n to hesitate to exact service from those who have given them. Should he treat this as a violation of parole it will lead to retaliation our only means of compelling the observance of the laws and usages of civilized warfare.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 15, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding Division.

GENERAL: If you meet the commissioner of the enemy, General dix, to-morrow I desire you to fix the next place of meeting at City Point for reasons which I will explain to you when I see you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, July 15, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL, Commanding.

GENERAL: I send herewith a letter of instructions to you relative to exchange of prisoners and a copy of letter* received from General McClellan on the subject of exchange.

Application has been made for a list of prisoners in our hands which is now being prepared and will be furnished to you as soon as completed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 14, 1862.

Major General D. H. Hill of the C. S. Army is hereby appointed to meet Major General John A. Dix, of the U. S. Army with authority to negotiate

---------------

*See p. 189.

---------------

