
After the battle of Manassas, when panic had seized the heart of the North, I thought if a similar blow could be struck at the Navy the war would close. Having a plan for a gun-boat which I believed could destroy any war vessel then in the Navy I determined to offer it to the Confederate States. With this end in view I passed the Federal lines and on reaching the Confederate pickets I asked to be taken before the commanding officer in order to be passed to Richmond. I was taken before General Bonham by whom I was treated cordially and as I then thought and still think trustfully, and furnished with a horse to proceed immediately to Manassas. At Manassas I was detained for some weeks and only after earnest appeal sent to Richmond, and very much to my surprise and mortification asa prisoner. Soon after reaching Richmond I sent a statement to General Winder referring to W. D. Parsons, esq., and the Honorable Ben. Wood, proprietors of the New York Daily News, to prove my Southern feeling and honesty of purpose in coming South.

As the officer at Manassas had informed me that the Confederate Government had all the plans for gun-boats that were required of course I did not think it proper to press my project, thought I distinctly recollect addressing a short note on the subject to the Secretary of the Navy. All I could then do was to use every effort to recover my freedom, of which I had been so unceremoniously, not to say unjustly, deprived. My appeal in this behalf to the several officers and commissioners extend over a period of ten months and yet during all that time I never received one moment's notice nor one word in reply. As I found out afterwards that the letters were carried by Northern men and as I have good reason to believe that some of my letters intended for your Government were sent North, it is quite possible I may have been cheated in the matter. I protested against being confined with the mercenary Hessians who had invaded the South and with whom I could have no sympathy but in vain. I asked to be examined by the Naval Department believing that the novelty and originality of my boat would to some extent prove my object in visiting the south. Finally I protested against being sent to Salisbury as a Federal prisoner to be turned over to the Lincoln Government in exchange. On this head the provost-guard officers promised that my feelings should be respected and the commissary also promised to employ me in his department until my case should be decided, and yet, notwithstanding all this, with ten minutes' notice I was ordered to leave for Salisbury and marked on the list 'supposed to be a spy. "

Now allow me to ask, who supposes me to be a spy? Where can you find the least ground for suspicion in thought word or action? General charge against me on the books at Manassas. For ten months in the factories of Richmond, I have been known by all as the most decided and uncompromising Confederate. During all that time I have never faltered. When New Orleans fell I renewed the offer of my boat and services. That the South was right and must ultimately be successful has always been the burden of my speech. The insults and threats of my Northern fellow-prisoners had as little effect as the humiliating reception I had received from the South to turn me from what I conceived to be the true line of American duty. At Petersburg I was placed in the same car with fifty Federal officers. By some means these officers were informed of my sentiments in opposition to the war and the usual threats were thrown out as to my fate when I should reach Washington. Allow me to say that I shall have no fears to go North at the proper

52 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

