
time but I do decidedly object to the South handing me over to Seward's Government at the present time, and as I did not believe that such was the intention of the Confederate Government I determined to leave the train at the first favorable opportunity. I therefore left the train and my not over-watchful guards near Lexington, N. C., and traveled to Danville, Va. I staid two days at Danville and thence to Lynchburg. From Lynchburg it was my purpose to proceed to Knoxville, Tenn., where I hoped to find some friends who might more readily understand my case than the over-pressed officers at Richmond. I was however, unable to procure transportation and therefore altered my course for Charlottesville, which place I reached June 28, sixteen days' severe travel on foot from Lexington. As the battle at this time was raging before Richmond my only object was to reach a retired spot where I might await a more quiet and convenient opportunity to bring my case before your Department.

Providence I believe directed me aright. Immediately on arriving here I reported to Captain Taylor, the commandant of this post. Captain Taylor heard my story and sympathized with me, offering to place me on parole under the care of his sergeant until the battle at Richmond was decided and he would have an opportunity to present my case to your Department. I much regret that since then Captain Taylor has removed from this post and therefore I am left to report my own case. I do so, however, quite readily and cheerfully, as I have every reason to believe that I shall receive justice at your hands.

WALLACE D. WATSON.

P. S. - I still believe that my plan for a gun-boat is of vast importance to the Confederate States and I shall be glad to lay the design before your Department if you will afford me the opportunity.

W. D. W.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 16, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration a copy of a letter from the Honorable John B. Clark, with my reply. The latter part of the correspondence relating to matters of great importance I desire to receive your instructions before sending the letter to its destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

Is it well to answer speculative inquiries? The answer you give expresses what must be our purpose, but it will be difficult to execute in cases where rumor will bring the only information. How can we know even the main facts of the murder of a citizen beyond our lines, and by troops with whose commander we have no means of communicating?

J. D.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SPOTSWOOD HOUSE, Richmond, July 15, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War

SIR: I respectfully desire to know from you whether the several partisan corps of rangers now organized or that my be organized in the

