HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., July 18, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

Sir: Inclosed I have the honor to forward to you a communication received last evening from General McClellan commanding the enemy's force on James River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 17, 1862

Major General TH. H. HOLMES,Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th instant making injury in regard to a report which has reached you that Lieutenant Colonel F. T. Nicholls, Eighth Louisiana Regiment has recently been arrested within the lines of the U. S. forces in disguise and is to be treated as a spy. In reply I beg to say that I know nothing of the facts of the case. The arrest was certainly not made by any part of the troops of my command. I will, however, at once communicate your letter to the War Department, and ask to be furnished with such information as it may have on the subject and will inform you of the result at the earliest possible moment.

I understand that there are a number of our officers-surgeons and chaplains-at Petersburg who have been unconditionally released and only await an opportunity to return to our lines. If this be so I shall be glad to send for them to City Point or elsewhere at any time you may designate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

OLD CAPITOL BUILDING, Washington, July 18, 1862.

Honorable J. R. TUCKER, Attorney-General State of Virginia.

MY DEAR SIR: By the above you will perceive that I am a prisoner. I am informed that I may be released by being exchanged for some citizen of Loudoun or Fairfax County, now under arrest in Richmond for disloyalty to the Southern Confederacy. Will you favor me by calling at the War Department and seeking to have such an exchange effected immediately. If this be impossible, perhaps the War Department will exchange me for some Federal chaplain or other prisoner, and let me go at once to Richmond and engage in my ministerial labors either in the camp or in the hospital as may appear desirable. If Mr. Charles Ball our Senator is in the city he will doubtless aid you. I have also a slight acquaintance with the officers of the troops quartered with us last winter. Alexander Brown, esq., of the firm of Brown &amp; McClelland, and Mr. Charles H. McMurran, of the firm of Bayne & McMurran, under the Spotswood House, will also join you in any effort to benefit me. You will please reply by your very earliest opportunity.

Sincerely yours,

CHARLES H. NOURSE,

P. S. - There are other citizens of the border counties with me in like circumstances who wait for your decision in my case.

