
useful. Push the works around Drewry's Bluff. Make every preparation for the advance of the enemy. See where the troops in your department are and how they can best be posted. I rely greatly upon your intelligence, energy and zeal.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S. - I do not like the first paragraph of article 3. It would seem that the capture of citizens on charges of disloyalty, &amp;c., was recognized. Why was that introduced?

R. E. L.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 23, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: By direction of Major General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Department of East Tennessee, I forward to you lists of prisoners sent to Richmond, Va., Madison, Ga., and through the lines to Cumberland Gap. The last will be exchanged by General Morgan, of the Federal Army, for Confederate soldiers captured by his troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., July 24, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL, Provost-Marshal, Knoxville, Tenn.

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that you will order the assistant provost-marshal of the department whenever an arrest is made to send up with the prisoner a statement of the case accompanied with the names of the witnesses cognizant of the facts upon which the arrest is made. In every instance these papers will be sent up for the consideration of the major-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 25, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: In obedience to instructions I started early this morning for Aiken's and reached there at 11 a. m. At 12 m. Colonel Sweitzer and Colonel Wright two of General McClellan's aides, arrived. They handed to me the inclosed communication. They appeared to be familiar with its contents. Upon reading it I inquired if they could tel me with any reasonable certainty when the agent might be expected to appear at his post. They told me they could not, and repeated the assurance given in the communication that General McClellan would urge their immediate appointment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent.

