
enemy will require regular officers in exchange unless their status be arranged in the cartel.

Hoping that I have not trespassed upon your valuable time,

I am, yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

Brigadier General, Missouri State Guard, on Special Service, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, July 27, 1862

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

MY DEAR SIR: I have this morning heard that my father and some others of the most reputable citizens of Fredericksburg have within a few days been arrested and carried to Washington to be held it is said as hostages for some Union men arrested by our military authorities. It is rumored here that Major-General Hill, our commissioner for effecting an exchange of prisoners, has insisted upon the unconditional release of all non-combatants arrested by the enemy and a stipulation against further arrests as a sine qua non to any negotiation and that the enemy are now holding that under advisement. I trust that it is so and that it will be insisted upon by our Government. Invaded as we are, with those near and dear to almost every soldier in our service from every State in the Confederacy exposed to seizure and imprisonment, it is a matter in which we all feel the deepest solicitude. Better far, infinitely better, to have no exchange of prisoners at all than to have our families thus exposed and to have an old man left to be seized and imprisoned at the pleasure of a cruel and unscrupulous enemy. I hope that some means will be taken to effect their speedy release.

I know you will excuse my troubling you when, besides the concern that a son would always feel under such circumstances, I tell you that my father is a man of seventy years of age and very infirm health, to whom daily exercise in the open air is a necessity and who will be killed-murdered-by confinement. My mother is nearly as old. My sisters, my wife and little children are left without any one to look after them in Fredericksburg. I know you will do what may be in your power. May God prosper your efforts.

Very truly and faithfully, yours,

W. S. BARTON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., July 28, 1862

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I present for your consideration some questions of much interest and importance to the people of Virginia and will be pleased to have your views at as early a day as practicable.

1. The Code of Virginia (edition of 1860), chapter 190, page 783, treats of offenses against the sovereignty of the State. The first section of this act defines treason, declares how the offense is to be proved and affixes the punishment of death. The second section relates to misprision of treason and affixes the punishment. The third section relates to attempting or instigating others to establish a usurped government within the limits of this Commonwealth. Under this act John Brown and his associates in crime were indicated, tried, convicted and executed. I am informed and believe it to be true

