
[Form 4.]

Abstract of extra issues to prisoners of war at Lynchburg, Va., during the month of July by Captain J. V. L. Rodgers, acting assistant quartermaster and assistant commissary of subsistence.

Date. 	 Number of	 Candles	 Whisky.

 return

 	 Pounds	 Gallons

July 18	 1	 ----	 2

July 20	 2	 ----	 2

July 24	 3	 ----	 2

July 31	 ----	 30	 ---

Total	 ----	 30	 6

I certify on honor that I issued for the use of the hospital for prisoners of war during the month of July 1862, thirty pounds candles and six gallons whisky.

J. V. L. RODGERS,

Captain, Actg. Asst. Quartermaster and Commissary of Subsistence.

I certify that I have carefully compared the above abstract with the original returns now in my possession and find that they amount to six gallons of whisky and thirty pounds of candles.

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Colonel Forty-second North Carolina Regiment, Commanding.

EXCHANGE HOTEL, Richmond, Va., July 31, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith a communication from major Coffey, of the U. S. Army, who is here on parole to obtain an exchange for himself. Since no special exchange of prisoners will be recognized by the Government and no rule for a general exchange having as yet been agreed upon by the two Governments he desires to return home to Kentucky on parole until such general rule may be agreed upon. I know Major Coffey well. He is an honorable man and will adhere strictly to his pledge in my opinion. I had too this morning a long conversation with him, and in my judgment he will in nowise prejudice our cause should he return home.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. E. SIMMS.

[Indorsement.]

Should a general exchange not be effected shortly the circumstances of Major Coffey's case will be inquired into, and if he can be paroled and allowed to return home it will be done.

G. W. R.

[Inclosure.]

EXCHANGE HOTEL, Richmond, Va., July 8, 1862

General WINDER.

SIR: This will be handed you by Honorable Colonel Simms, of Kentucky a member of Congress (it is a true statement of my case), requesting that you permit him to deliver it to the Secretary of War. I was captured by Colonel J. H. Morgan the 12th of May last at Cave City, ky., on

53 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

