
the cars while traveling from Louisville to Nashville. I was paroled by Colonel Morgan the next morning with the understanding that in case I failed to release Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Wood that I was to report to him. I immediately went to Nashville, where Colonel Wood then was. General Dumont, then in command of that post, could to nothing in regard to the exchange. I then went to Washington City and laid my case before the Secretary of War, and I at one time thought my exchange effected, but Doctor Wood, the father of Colonel Wood, interposed and I was beaten. I then returned to Nashville by the way of my home in Kentucky leaving my wife on a bed of sickness from which I fear she has not recovered. I have not heard from home since I left. as soon as I reached Nashville I obtained a pass and set out to report to Colonel Morgan. I crossed the Tennessee River at Courtland. Not finding Colonel Morgan there I recrossed the river at the same place and sent to Huntsville, and from thence to Chattanooga, where I learned that Colonel Morgan had gone to Knoxville. My arrival at Chattanooga was telegraphed to General Smith, of Knoxville, who ordered me to report there, which I did. I remained there a few days and was then ordered by General Smith to report to Adjutant-General Cooper, of this city, where I arrived on Sunday, June 29, and have been confined to my hotel ever since, part of the time very sick. I think I have given you a true statement of m case, and now all I ask is if I cannot be exchanged at this time that I be allowed to go home and there remain until I am exchanged. I will honor my parole as much there as I will here.

Hoping that you will comply with my request, I subscribe myself, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. COFFEY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VALLEY DISTRICT.

July 31, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR; The cartel for a general exchange of prisoners having been agreed upon I hasten respectfully to urge upon you the importance of having those of our men who were taken at the battle of Kernstown on the 23rd of March released as soon as possible. Apart from the fact that their treatment in Fort Delaware has already caused much sickness and some mortality amongst them, they were among the very best soldiers in our army and their addition to our ranks at this time will be of more service than to have five times the same number of recruits. Most of the prisoners referred to are constituents of mine and I am of course naturally solicitous to procure their speedy discharge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. R. BOTELER.
HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, July 31, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL, Provost-Marshal.

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you inform me what publications have been made from your office or the offices of the deputy provost-marshals in relation to Confederate currency.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

