HEADQUARTERS,&amp;C., July 31, 1862.

Lieutenant E. CUNNINGHAM, Acting Aide-de-Camp:

There have been no publications from this office in regard to Confederate currency, and I have not been apprised of any having been made from the offices of any of the deputy provost-marshals.

Very respectfully

W. M. CHURCHWELL,Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

R. F. FULKERSON.

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

RICHMOND, VA., August 1, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &c.

SIR: On the 29th of June last you were instructed by the Secretary of War to make inquiries of the general commanding the U. S. forces relative to alleged murders committed on our citizens by officers of the U. S. Army and the cases of William B. Mumford, reported to have been murdered at New Orleans by order of Major General B. F. Butler, and col. John L. Owen reported to have been murdered in the same manner in Missouri by order of Major-General Pope were specially referred to. The inquiries thus made by you of Major-General McClellan were referred by that officer to his Government for reply but no answer has yet been received. We have since been credibly informed that numerous other officers of the armies of the United States have within the Confederacy been guilty of felonies and capital offenses which are punishable by all law human and divine. A few of those best authenticated are brought to your notice.

The newspapers received from the enemy's country announce as a fact that Major-General Hunter has armed slaves for the murder of their masters and has thus done all in his power to inaugurate a servile war which is worse than that of the savage, inasmuch as it super adds other horrors to the indiscriminate slaughter of all ages, sexes and conditions. Brigadier-General Phelps is reported to have imitated at New Orleans the example set by General Hunter on the coast of South Carolina. Brigadier General [Colonel] G. N. Fitch is stated in the same journals to have murder din cold blood two peaceful citizens because one of his men while invading our country was killed by some unknown person defending his home. You are now instructed to repeat your inquiries relative to the case of Mumford and Owen, and further to ask of the commanding general of the enemy whether the statements in relating to the action of General Hunter, General Phelps and General [Colonel] Fitch are admitted to be true, and whether the conduct of these generals is sanctioned by their Government.

You will further give notice that in the event of our failure to receive a reply to these inquiries within fifteen days from the delivery of your letter we shall assume that the alleged facts are true and are sanctioned by the Government of the United States. in such event on that Government will rest the responsibility of the retributive or retaliatory measures which we shall adopt to put an end to the merciless atrocities which now characterize to the war waged against us.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

