
The rations have been furnished, cooked and placed on the tables by contractors who find their cooking utensils and supply the table furniture at 27 cents per ration. The guard-house is entirely too small, being 30 by 18 feet, and contains one small prison room 8 by 12 feet. The sinks are miserable and not sufficient in number. The officers' quarters consist of a stone building two stories, or rather one and a half stories high of 70 by 70 feet, with an L part 30 by 25 feet occupied by the laundresses. This is also of two stories. A large hall 10 feet wide extends through the building on the first floor. It has here five rooms, four of 25 by 35 and one of 25 by 25. At right angles with the L part is a shed used for washing, 70 by 15 feet, and on the same line with it a stable 30 by 20 feet. These buildings are of hewn stone. The quarters have but one room fit for use in the second story and this is 20 by 30 feet.

North of this camp is a square redoubt 60 by 60 feet with crenated walls for musketry, a ditch, parapet and glacis. It is two stories in height with a shelter, half-tower roof 30 feet square, upon which are traverse circles for four 32-pounders. The ditch basement story consists of a hall 8 feet wide extending through the building, on one side of which are two rooms 20 by 28 feet. On the other side are two rooms 20 by 12 feet each and one of 20 by 24. This latter room has been used as a kitchen and contains a large fireplace but no cooking arrangements. The ceilings on this floor are 12 feet high. The second floor is connected with the terre-plein by a drawbridge. It has a hall extending through it 8 feet in width. On one side of this are two rooms 28 by 20 feet each. Each of these rooms has three casemates 8 feet deep and 8 feet wide. On the other side of the hall are four rooms. Two of these are 12 by 20 feet each and are connected by a small interior door. The third is a magazine room 12 by 20 feet and the fourth, of the same size, has two casemates 8 feet by 4. The tower room has been described. It is accessible from the hall by a staircase and would serve very well for a guard-house for troops quartered in the building. The redoubt is of hewn stone. The ceilings are all 12 feet in height. It contains but about twenty bunks and no linen ticks for straw. Owing to the great thickness of the walls the room is much more limited than it would otherwise be, and for this reason not more than 200 men could be well quartered in this building. Even then the ventilation would be very incomplete. There are two reservoirs in the redoubt and a well in the ditch outside, all provided with pumps, not one of which is of the slightest service. Lumber may be purchased here for 8 and 10 cents per foot.

The grounds and buildings entire at this place are unsuitable for the reception of over 1,200 men. Accompanying this description is a ground plan of the permanent camp and redoubt and a projected plan of each floor of the latter, with the references and dimensions for all, to which I respectfully invite your attention.

With the highest respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry.

NASHVILLE, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General NEGLEY, Columbia, Tenn.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett is on parole and is traveling under the protection which the laws of civilized warfare afford. If he has been guilty of imprudence only it is an exhibition of bad taste for which the

