SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 182. Richmond, August 6, 1862.

* * * * *

XII. All officers and men exchanged under the cartel of exchange arriving in James River will report immediately to the commandants of their respective regiments if they are near Richmond; otherwise they will report to Brigadier General John H. Winder, commanding Department of Henrico, who will furnish them with quarters and subsistence until transportation can be given to their regiments.

* * * * *

XXII. The senior officer among the exchanged prisoners of each regiments will make out the pay-rolls of the exchanged prisoners of his regiment without delay. The exchanged non-commissioned officers and privates will report to said officers of their respective regiments for the purpose of having their names entered upon the pay-rolls.

By command of the Secretary of War;

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, New Market, Va., August 7, 1862

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL: If it has not been done I recommend a general order to be at once published directing all exchanged officers among the returned prisoners of war belonging to the Army of Northern Virginia, Valley District and the Department of North Carolina at once to report to the respective commanders of each, the rest to your office; or perhaps all had better report to your office, then you can order them where they belong as soon as exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond August 8, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Department Numbers 2

GENERAL: Under the cartel for an exchange of prisoners recently concluded between the United States and the Confederate States we are informed that about 15,000 exchanged prisoners will soon be delivered at Vicksburg. I have given directions to the Quartermaster and Commissary Generals to make provision for their subsistence and payment, and I have notified General Van Dorn of their expected arrival.

Furloughs cannot now be granted to them, owing to the exigencies of the service, and it is the wish of the Department that they should be placed in the field as soon as possible. Most of them belong to the forces under your command and I must request you to reorganize and prepare them for service. The reorganization required by the Conscription act will be carried out.

The general officers have been directed to report to you for orders and will receive instructions from you as to their duties.

The captured regiments are borne on the books of the Adjutant-General as if they had not been taken, and it is very desirable therefore to preserve the existing organizations as far as possible. This will no doubt be consonant to the wishes of the troops themselves. The paroled prisoners of the Western Army have been ordered to rendezvous at Vicksburg for the purpose of meeting the others, but this order

