
is not intended to trammel you in the reorganization. You will therefore change the point of rendezvous if you think proper, and make such disposition both of paroled and exchanged prisoners, as will be most conducive to the health and the good of the service. Under the cartel two agents are to be appointed on each side to carry it into execution. Mr. Robert Ould, of Richmond is the principal agent, and a subordinate agent will be sent to Vicksburg who will receive his instructions from Mr. Ould.

They will announce in the papers the completion of the exchange, and immediately on such announcement the troops may enter upon active service. Until such announcement they may be engaged in preparations to organize.

We shall endeavor to furnish you arms for them, but so many of the captured arms require repair that a month may elapse before the whole number can be supplied.

General Tilgham will deliver this letter and will report to you for orders as to the reorganization of his brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, August 8, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, Vicksburg:

Under the cartel of exchange about 15,000 exchanged prisoners will soon be landed at Vicksburg. The cartel provides for the appointment of two agents on each side to superintend the exchange at the points of delivery. One agent on our side has been appointed, Mr. Robert Ould, who will remain here and be the principal. I desire to appoint a subordinate agent at Vicksburg who will receive his instructions from Mr. Ould. He should be a good writer, as he is to conduct the correspondence with the agent on the other side, and he should be acquainted with military usages. Among the retired officers a fit man may probably be found. Recommend some one convenient to Vicksburg and who can soon being place. Provide rations for the prisoners and I will endeavor to forward funds to pay them off. They cannot be furloughed but will be prepared for the field under General B. Bragg's instructions as rapidly as possible.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 8, 1862.

Messrs. ROBBINS, COOK, BLACKBURN, AND OTHERS,Citizens of Gloucester County, Va.

GENTLEMEN: * * * *

Should you conclude to raise a partisan corps you should select a trustworthy person to command and get the men in the surrounding counties. The advantage of such a corps is that the members are regularly in service and entitled to be treated as prisoners of war and have the benefit of exchange, which is not the case with unorganized volunteers, usually called guerrillas.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

