HEADQUARTERS, August 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

GENERAL: I beg leave respectfully to suggest that the prisoners recently taken, including those from Pope's army, be paroled as soon as possible. It was reported to me that many of those taken at Malvern Hill asked with anxiety if they would not be paroled and seemed delighted when answered in the affirmative. General Stuart observed the same in reference to prisoners taken by him, and General Jackson infers from the reports made to him of the remarks of prisoners from Pope's army that his men are very tired and are inclined to surrender. It may all be a Yankee trick, but if not I have thought it would produce a good effect to let them get back soon. Those who sell themselves, especially since a draft is ordered by the authorities of the United States, will find it easy to make their money.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the President. I presume that the general [is] referring to privates and non-commissioned officers. The commissioned officers have been separated from the others and informed that they will be treated as hostages. There are thirty-nine of them, including General Prince.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement]

General Lee of course referred only to enlisted men. Of this I am doubly assured by a recent conversation on the subject. To that extent his view is approved.

J. D.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 11, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Large number of exchanged prisoners will soon be at Vicksburg. Shall they join their regiments immediately? No instructions have been received for disposition of enemy's prisoners in this department. Shall I send them to Vicksburg?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General, Commanding.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, August 11, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

A letter has been received from Colonel Crook, commanding Federal brigade, by flag of truce informing me that Mr. Samuel Price, of Greenbrier, an unarmed and peaceful citizen, some time since arrested, would be dealt with in the same way as Doctor Rucker. May I request that Lieutenant-Colonel Starr and the other commissioned officers taken at Summersville be retained as hostages for Mr. Price and that I be advised of the fact. I will send the correspondence to Richmond by mail.

W. W. LORING.

Major-General.

