
PONCHATOULA, LA., August 11, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE, Camp near Baton Rouge.

GENERAL: * * * *

A Captain H. L. Daigre came in during the night with ten prisoners captured near New River. He reports Donaldsonville as burned on Friday at 11 o'clock, an insurrection among the negroes in Ascension Parish and the killing of forty or fifty of them; that since Friday the boat has taken down more troops than were brought up; that the Weightman, loaded with the dead and wounded from Baton Rouge, was run into by a gun-boat (accidentally) and sunk with all on board, and several other items of interest, which I hope will reach you in reliable shape. Captain Daigre takes his prisoners to Camp Moore. They were the crews of schooners which he captured and burned. He also captured a steam-boat which showed French papers and was released. He desires instructions in regard to her if again caught.

* * * *

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier General, Missouri State Guard on Special Service, C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, August 12, 1862.

General B. BRAGG, Chattanooga:

You will receive by General Lloyd Tilghman, who left here three days ago, a letter of instruction in reference to the exchanged prisoners. You are charged with the duty of reorganizing them for immediate service in the field. Instructions have been given for their subsistence and pay. Colonel G. W. Lee was appointed upon General R. E. Lee's recommendation and should have a fair trial. He has had great difficulties to encounter. If, however, he turns out to be inefficient he will be removed.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., August 13, 1862.

To the EAST TENNESSEEANS IN THE U. S. ARMY:

You must all now be convinced that you have been grossly deceived by the misrepresentations of those under whom you are serving. I therefore announce to you that a final opportunity is afforded you to return to your homes and your allegiance. I offer you a general amnesty for all past offenses, the only condition being that you take the oath of allegiance to the Government and that you conduct yourselves as becomes good citizens. You will receive a fair price for any arms, ammunition and equipments you may bring back with you.

[E. KIRBY SMITH.]

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI. Numbers 37. Jackson, August 14, 1862.

All Confederate officers and soldiers prisoners of war and now on parole in this district will report without delay at these headquarters.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

