SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 189. Richmond, August 14, 1862.

* * * *

XXII. Major N. G. Watts, assistant quartermaster, is hereby assigned to duty as agent for the exchange of prisoners at Vicksburg, Miss. He will report to Colonel Robert Ould, in this city, for instructions.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA.

Narrows, August 14, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copies of a correspondence between Colonel George Crook of the Federal Army, commanding at Meadow Bluff, and officers of this command, under my direction. The letters are in reference to the shooting of one of our pickets named Robinson and the arrest of Mr. Samuel Price of Lewisburg as hostage for Doctor Rucker, taken by us at Summersville.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING.

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President for his information. Until the result of the inquiry made by the enemy is known no further action seems necessary.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War

[Second indorsement.]

Returned. The infamous conduct both in the treatment of a prisoner and the poisoning of bread should secure the Captain Harrison if punished, to the enemy if he is not, a notoriety of shame.

J. D.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Monroe County, August 1, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,Commanding U. S. Forces, Meadow Bluff.

COLONEL: I have been directed by the commanding general to bring to your attention an instance of flagrant outrage of the customs of war- an inhuman attempt to murder-committed by armed soldiers of your command belonging as we are informed to the company of Captain Harrison. I give you the statement of Robinson when he supposed himself to be on his dying couch.

Besides the statement of Robinson, I have other satisfactory evidence to corroborate it, leaving no doubt of the truth of his statement. Robinson was left wounded and as his murderers thought dying.

The commanding general deems it proper to bring this case to your special notice and to ask that inquiry be at once instituted, feeling

