
assured that the perpetrators of a crime so infamous will be brought to swift and certain punishment and the act disavowed by the proper authority.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

Testimony of Alex. Robinson.

JULY 10, 1862.

I was in an apple orchard and the enemy came up in twenty steps of me before I saw them and I remained perfectly still, being on my horse. One told me to surrender which I did immediately at the same time dropping my gun and saber. Another told me to surrender. I told him I had surrendered (having then no arms) and asked him not to shoot me. Another said, "God damn you, why didn't you surrender before when you were shooting at us last night?" They all exclaimed, "Damn him, shoot him!" Upon which all fired at me. Two balls passed through my body. I then fell off my horse, and while I was lying on the ground one came up saying, "Damn him, let me ride over him and mash his damn brains out. " Another said, "No, let me shoot him again. " A third said, "He will die anyhow; let him alone. "

ALEX. ROBINSON.

I was present and heard Mr. Alex. Robinson who is a private in Company F, Eighth Virginia Cavalry, make the within statement of the circumstances under which he surrendered himself a prisoner, grounded his arms and was afterwards shot by Federal soldiers. Mr. Robinson was in his right mind at the time; pronounced the statement correct when read to him and wrote his own signature thereto. I was also informed by a citizen who knew the officer commanding the Federal cavalry who shot Robinson as stated and that his name is Harrison.

WM. N. HARMAN.

Captain, Commanding Company F, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

I have just written the within testimony of Alex. Robinson and do hereby certify that the within are his exact words, written as he has just related them to me, and to which after being read to him he signed his name and said. "They are correct. "

J. C. ALDERSON.

Lieutenant, Greenbrier Mounted Riflemen.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY.

Camp Jones, July 13, 1862.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND

SIR; The only evidence we can get in regard to the shooting of Private Robinson is his own statement, given as he suppose on his deathbed. He is not dead yet, but the surgeons say there is but little hope of his recovery. He says he had surrendered and the Yankees told him he ought to have surrendered the night before when he was firing at them and at the same moment several of them fired at him two shots taking effect that will I have no doubt cause his death.

