
I am very glad you have determined to have an investigation of the matter, as it would have caused a great deal of trouble if it had not been noticed.

There is another matter about as bad as this in my humble opinion.

One of my wagons had been sent after provisions when I left camp, and not having transportation sufficient some one of the companies had left about a third of a barrel of hard bread in the camp. The Yankees were in the camp as they came up and went back and tried to drive out some cows that were in the field but did not succeed. The next morning the owner of the cows found two of them dead and a third about dying and all the bread gone. It had been poisoned! the cows had eaten it and two out of three had died. The devils had tried to drive the cows out to prevent their eating the bread, thinking that our men would get it as we came back, which no doubt they would have done had it not been destroyed by the cattle.

I sent Captain Herndon out yesterday morning with his company. He went within three miles of Blue Sulphur and he reports that he saw nothing of the enemy. He brought out some bacon from Mr. Jarrett's, near Blue Sulphur. One of the infantry companies was also on the other side of the river and one of my companies was out on the Rollinsburg road, but saw nothing.

One of the officers of the Yankee cavalry, Harrison, told the people all along the road that they only came up here to get his children, which, with many other reports going through the country, such as the wives of the Yankee officers gathering up their clothing, which had been scattered through vicinity of the Bluff to be washed, looks as if they were really making preparations to fall back from that place. We can get no correct information, but it seems to be generally believed that they will leave the Bluff very soon, either back or forward.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. COOK.

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Meadow Bluff, August 10, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF C. S. FORCES,

At or near Union, Monroe County.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the case of one of your soldiers being murdered by Captain Harrison's company of cavalry is now being investigated at the post where that company is stationed, and if you have any additional evidence in the case will you please forward it as early as possible. The general commanding this division directs me to say to you-

That any acts of officers or men of this army contrary to the Rules and Articles of War toward any of the enemy who are themselves engaged in a regula and legitimate mode of warfare will be promptly and severely punished; further, that Mr. Samuel Price, of Lewisburg, will be held responsible in his person for any cruel or unusual treatment of Dr. William P. Rucker.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK.

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

