
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, ARMY SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,August 15, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, U. S. Army,

Commanding at Meadow Bluff.

SIR: Your communication of the 10th instant relative to the attempted murder of a Confederate prisoner of war by Federal soldiers of Captain Harrison's company was not answered sooner because I had just assumed the command at this point and desired to be informed of the facts and to confer with the commanding general, but being now fully advised I have to say that Captain Powell, who lately bore a flag of truce from your camp to this, stated in the presence of a number of officers of this command that the prisoner Robinson was shot after he had surrendered by men of Captain Harrison's company, and that they would have shot another prisoner taken at the same time but for his interference. Captain Powell will no doubt cheerfully give you the additional evidence asked for in your letter.

With regard to your statement* that Samuel Price of Lewisburg, will be held responsible in his person for any cruel or unusual treatment of Dr. William P. Rucker, I am, advised to say that Rucker is a citizen of Virginia, owing allegiance to this State and to the Confederate States, and that neither the Confederate Government nor the State of Virginia will allow the Government of the United States nor any of its authorities to dictate the punishment to be inflicted on their own disloyal citizens. The seizure and imprisonment of Price as a hostage for Rucker is manifestly a violation of the usages of civilized warfare and to harm him will be a high crime.

That you and your general commanding may know the determined purpose of my Government to protect and avenge its own people I respectfully inclose to you a letter+ of President Davis to General Lee, dated July 31, 1862, to which is appended General Orders, Numbers 54. +

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Sub-inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY.

Camp at or near Union, Va., August 11, 1862.

Confederate version of the Statement of Captain Powell, commanding cavalry company of Colonel George Crook's command at Meadow Bluff, and the bearer of a communication under flag of truce to the commanding officer of Confederate forces at or near Union, Monroe County, Va., in relation to the shooting of Private Robinson, Company F, Eighth Virginia Cavalry, after having surrendered himself a prisoner of war.

Captain Powell having been interrogated as to the facts of the case replied substantially as follows:

I think an apology due to your people and had determined to make an explanation the first opportunity. Robinson was shot, I believe, after he had surrendered by members of Captain Harrison's company, a portion of whom constituted the advance and the remainder bringing up the rear of the command this being the order of our march at the time Robinson was shot. My own company did not participate in the shooting, several of whom testified to his having been shot after he

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 2, ante.

+Both omitted here; see ante, in their chronological order.

---------------

