
surrendered himself. In fact, I had to interpose my authority to prevent members of the same (Captain Harrison's) company from shooting another prisoner taken a short distance in advance of the first, even threatening them with arrest.

C. IRVINE, LEWIS,

Captain Company I, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

A. J. TYNES,

Assistant Commissary of Subsistence, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

J. W. SMITH.

Lieutenant, Company I, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

C. W. TIMMS,

Acting Assistant Surgeon.

RICHMOND, August 15, 1862.

General B. BRAGG, Chattanooga:

We have no lists of paroled officers taken in the West; no lists of the prisoners paroled by General Earl Van Dorn in Texas; only 1,300 reported as taken at Shiloh, and very few returns of paroled prisoners in the West. Many of the returns make no distinction between non-commissioned officers and privates. Unless these list can be supplied there is reason to fear that the balance will be largely against us, although in fact we think it is in our favor. I must request that every exertion be made to send the lists speedily to the Department. We are informed that our prisoners may be expected in a few days at Vicksburg.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT., August 15, 1862

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Since my communication to you of July 28 last and your reply of the 31st of the same month occurrences have transpired which make further correspondence necessary upon the subjects therein referred to and subjects of a kindred character.

I understand that the prisoners recently confined at Lynchburg, captured by General Jackson and belonging to Northwestern Virginia regiments, organized by the authority and with the approbation of the usurped government under Peirpoint, have been ordered to this city preparatory to being exchanged and some of them have actually been exchanged under the cartel recently agreed upon between the Confederate Government and the Government of the United States. I conclude, therefore, that you have decided that my request in regard to them is not to be acceded to. If this request is not to be granted I imagine the request in regard to the offices captured on the Chickahominy will also be denied. As the Executive of Virginia I have presented these matters for the consideration of the War Department from an imperative sense of duty to the people of Virginia I have presented these matters for the consideration of the War Department from an imperative sense of duty to the people of the War Department from an imperative sense of duty to the people of Virginia, by whom I have been charged with the execution of the laws of the State. These matters having been disposed of I come now to one which recent occurrences have presented for the consideration of the people of Virginia especially and of the South generally.

In the late engagement between the armies of Generals Jackson and Pope captures have been made of officers and men who have violated

54 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

