
proper punishment is a dignified rebuke. If he has violated his parole you would be justified in arresting him. Under all other circumstances his person is sacred. Report in detail what Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett has done. What can be sworn to is what I want to know, not what irresponsible parties say.

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, June 25, [1862.]

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Chase.

SIR: All prisoners sent from this department to your post will be held until released by Secretary of War or by order of commander of this department. Any application or order from any other civil or military authority for release of prisoners sent from this department will be referred to Major R. M. Corwine, department judge-advocate, Cincinnati, Ohio, or to myself.

In general all prisoners should be held subject only to the order of the Secretary of War and the commander of the department from which the prisoners are forwarded. In the case of the Kentucky prisoners, General Boyle should direct the transfer to Lexington. Notify me of the release by Secretary of War of prisoners sent from here. *

Papers in case of Stover referred to Secretary of War.

By order of Major General J. C. Fremont:

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 26, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, N. Y. Harbor:

Representations are made to this Department that Soule has been and is now sick. Are these representations true, and if so to what extent is he or has he been ill?

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT HAMILTON, June 26, 1862.

Honorable C. P. WOLCOTT, Assistant Secretary of War:

Mr. Soule health is good.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, June 26, 1862.

Honorable C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

In answer to your telegraph dispatch of this day I have the honor to state that Mr. Soule from all I can understand is in good health, and if at any time he should be indisposed the attending surgeon of this post

---------------

*This order, with an additional paragraph, under date of June 26, will be found at p. 98.

---------------

