
ALTON MILITARY PRISON, ILL., August 15, 1862.

COMMANDING GENERAL,

Department of the West of the Confederate Forces:

1. Matthew Thompson, a citizen of the Cherokee Nation, captured in Boone County, Mo., belonging to Colonel Dorsey's regiment of recruits of the Confederate Army, was tried by a military commission for bridge burning and assisting in the destroying of the North Missouri Railroad, and was sentenced to death for the same, and is now awaiting the execution of his sentence in the above-named prison, would respectfully ask the interference of my Government in my behalf, promising to be as faithful to the Confederate Government as I ever have been, &amp;c.

2. Absalom Hicks, A. R. Tompkins, John C. Tompkins, of Boone County, Mo. ; Henry V. Willing, J. P. Snedicor, John W. Owen, from Callaway County, Mo. ; John Patton, Stephen Stott, William J. Forshey, Thomas M. Smith, from Boone County, Mo. ; George H. Cunningham, Buck [R. B.] Crowder, William Combs, from Randolph County, Mo. ; Dr. Thomas S. Foster and James Stout; making sixteen in all that we know of now at this time that have been sentenced to death, and we have suffered every indignity and insult that you can imagine from the Federal authorities, and we hope and trust that our commander-in-chief will do something for our relief.

We are, respectfully, your soldiers,*

Matthew Thompson, Absalom Hicks, A. R. Tompkins, John C. Tompkins, Henry V. Willing, J. P. Snedicor, John Patton, Stephen Stott, Wm. J. Forshey, Geo. H. Cunningham, Buck [R. B.] Crowder, John W. Owen, Thos. M. Smith, Wm. Combs, Thomas S. Foster, James Stout.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 191. Richmond, August 16, 1862.

* * * * *

XXIII. The following notice of exchange of prisoners is published for the information of all concerned, viz:

RICHMOND, August 14, 1862.

The following officers and men are duly exchanged, to wit:

1. All the officers and men who were delivered at Aiken's on the 5th August, 1862.

2. All officers and men captured at Roanoke Island.

3. All officers and men captured at Fort Macon.

4. All officers and men captured at Rich Mountain.

5. All officers captured at Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, La.

6. The officers and men delivered at Aiken's August 10, 1862.

7. The officers and men delivered at City Point August 8, 1862.

8. Officers paroled at Fortress Monroe May 12, 1862.

9. Privates paroled by Brigadier General G. W. Morgan at Cumberland Gap July 23, 1862.

10 Captain A. C. Van Benthuysen's marines.

ROBERT OULD,Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners.

XXIV. The officers and men referred to in the above notice having been duly exchanged as prisoners of war will without delay join their respective regiments and corps.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For trial and conviction of all these men as guerrillas, &c., see Vol. I, this Series, p. 282 et seq.

---------------

