
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 16, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH:

Instructions had already been given for reports of paroled and confined prisoners. List now on hand will be forwarded; others as they are received. Many will no doubt be lost from neglect. Numbers of prisoners (many officers) at Madison, Ga. Over 2,700 Shiloh prisoners left Corinth at one time, but the lists kept were very imperfect. As soon as instructions came all arrangements were made for the exchange at Vicksburg.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2, Numbers 117. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 16, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. Whenever prisoners are captured by our troops the ranking officer of the capturing detachment will immediately forward to these headquarters a descriptive list of the prisoners, giving their names, rank, ages, regiments and companies.

V. Whenever prisoners are paroled the paroles will be forwarded to these headquarters and a duplicate copy (compared and certified) retained by the officer who may grant the parole. In taking paroles officers will be careful to have them signed if practicable, but if not signed by the prisoners paroled a certified list stating their names, rank, ages, regiments and companies should be attested by an abolition officer, if one be present. In the absence of an abolition officer the list must be certified by the Confederate officer who grants the parole. These lists must be made in duplicate if practicable, one copy to be retained by the officer taking the parole and the other to be forwarded to these headquarters without delay.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2, Numbers 153. Chattanooga, Tenn., August 16, 1862.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Tilghman will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., and take command of all abolition and Confederate officers and soldiers who may be in the vicinity of that post for the purpose of being exchanged or paroled. He will establish a camp near Vicksburg at some suitable point on the railroad where the men can be amply and conveniently provided for. Brigadier-General Tilghman will immediately proceed to organize the Confederate prisoners who have been exchanged. In all cases where practicable he will retain the men in the original companies and regiments in which they were enlisted. Any departure from this rule will be specially reported to these headquarters with the reasons.

* * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

[JNO M. OTEY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

