
VII. Rolls of exchanged and paroled prisoners will be rigidly scrutinized to the end that none but those persons actually entitled to military exchange may be imposed upon us.

VIII. Paroled men of regiments enlisted for twelve months not yet exchanged subject to remain in service will be assigned to their old companies and regiments for the purpose of reorganization under the law of 16th of April, 1862, but will not be called upon for duty except for police and guard at camps of instruction and rendezvous.

IX. All officers and men captured at Fort Donelson, Madrid Bend and Island Numbers 10 between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five who are not at present on duty with other regiments will repair at once to Jackson, Miss., to report to Brigadier-General Tilghman.

X. All prisoners of war within the limits of the department taken from the enemy will be forthwith sent under proper escort to Jackson, Miss., to be turned over to Brigadier-General Tilghman.

XI. A duplicate list of all prisoners of war will be transmitted to Brigadier-General Jordan, chief of staff, at Jackson, Miss.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Extracts from message of Jefferson Davis to Confederate Congress August 18, 1862.

To the SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

* * * * *

Within a recent period we have effected the object so long desired of an arrangement for the exchange of prisoners which is now being executed by delivery at the points agreed upon and which will it is hoped speedily restore our brave and unfortunate countrymen to their places in the ranks of the Army from which by the fortune of war they have for a time been separated. The details of this arrangement will be communicated to you in a special report when further progress has been made in their execution.

* * * * *

Two at least of the generals of the United States are engaged unchecked by their Government in exciting servile insurrection and in arming and training slaves for warfare against their masters, citizens of the Confederacy. Another has been found of instincts so brutal as to invite the violence of his soldiery against the women of a captured city. Yet the rebuke of civilized man has failed to evoke from the authorities of the United States one mark of disapprobation of his acts, nor is there any reason to suppose that the conduct of Benjamin F. Butler has failed to secure from his Government the sanction and applause with which it is known to have been greeted by public meetings and portions of the press of the United States. To inquiries made by the Commander-in-Chief of the Armies of the United States whether the atrocious conduct of some of their military commanders met the sanction of that Government answer has been evaded on the pretext that the inquiry was insulting, and no method remains for the repression of these enormities but such retributive justice as it may be found possible to execute.

Retaliation for many of them in kind is impracticable for I have had occasion to remark in a former message that under no excess of provocation could our noble-hearted defenders be driven to wreak vengeance

