
to Brigadier General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff, are hereby assigned to Brigadier General J. E. Slaughter, inspector-general of the forces, who will repair to Vicksburg or such place or places as he may find necessary.

By command of General Bragg:

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, August 21, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herein the sequel to a former correspondence sent you with the commanding officer of the enemy's forces at Meadow Bluff in reference to the alleged shooting of one of my men after he was captured. There is no doubt but that the statement of the officer bearing the enemy's flag is stated correctly by our officers and that Harrison's company (of the enemy's forces) is guilty as alleged. The examination into the fact by the enemy is evidently evasive, but I know of no way of reaching a redress of the case the wrongdoer being in the enemy's camp and sheltered by their uncandid search for evidence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

The statements are so improbable as to prevent credence.

J. D.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR UNION, August 16, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING.

GENERAL: I have not much of importance to communicate - some idle rumors and country people's stories, which amount to but little. A spy was sent into the enemy's camp on Thursday, who reports that they have burned their breast-works and were preparing to fall back. I sent this morning two scouts in citizens' dress to Meadow Bluff to ascertain what was going on there. I send you copies of Colonel Crook's answer to my letter and of some accompanying papers. I will see you in the morning.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,August 15, 1862.

General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Monroe County, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 13th instant. Captain Powell informs me that he made no such statement to your officers that Private Robinson was shot by Captain Harrison's men; that he informed your officers that he was not present when the man was shot, and only had the statement of Captain Harrison's men, which was substantially the same as stated in the inclosed papers.

As regards the allegiance of Dr. William P. Rucker and Mr. Samuel Price I shall not discuss with you, but have merely to say that the

