
intentions of the general commanding this district as expressed in his former communication will be strictly carried out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 1 to sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Meadow Bluff, August 4, 1862.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose certain papers* received by a flag of truce from the rebels in Monroe in reply to a letter from me asking an explanation for their taking from Lewisburg by force certain prisoners whom I paroled upon condition of their joining me here as soon as their health would permit.

The case of the soldier who is reported as having been shot by one of Captain Harrison's men I think should be investigated. The poisoning case I think is without foundation and very likely a mere fabrication for the purpose of throwing the onus of the act upon our troops to screen themselves.

* * * * *

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Flat Top Mountain, August 8, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel E. P. Scammon, commanding First Brigade, who will investigate and report on the complaints made within.

By command of J. D. Cox, brigadier-general:

G. M. BASCOM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

In regard to the poisoning of bread it is supposed by Captain H[arrison] to be a sheer fabrication. He knows nothing of the fact or the circumstances likely to give rise to the suspicion beyond this, that horses eating freely of dry bread and then drinking would be likely to die without the presence of poison.

Respectfully submitted.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Camp Jones, August 8, 1862.

On referring this and the accompanying statements+ in regard to the shooting of Alex. Robinson to Captain Harrison, he makes the following statements:

1. Captain H[arrison] was in the advance, the whole party being under Captain Powell, Second Virginia Cavalry.

---------------

*See McCausland to Crook, August 1, with inclosures, p. 845.

+See testimony of Alex. Robinson, p. 846.

---------------

