
will be promptly sent to him. Inclosed you will receive the report of my officer, Lieutenant Wood, in charge of Fort Lafayette, respecting this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y. Harbor, June 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, Third Artillery, Fort Hamilton.

COLONEL: In answer to yours of this date I have the honor to reply that Mr. Soule has made no complaint of being unwell since he has been confined here and I have seen nothing which would lead me to suppose that he was not in perfect health. I have just made inquiry of him as to the state of his health and he states that it is good.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.:

The permission for Honorable Reverdy Johnson and for Mr. Soule's servant Jules to visit Mr. Soule is hereby revoked. Permit no one to visit him.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Eighth Infantry, Chicago, Ill.:

General Negley reports finding at Columbia, Tenn., a number of escaped rebel prisoners from Camps Chase and Douglas, and that a young man named Smith, living in Chicago, assists them to escape, and the sutler at Camp Douglas sells them clothing for disguises. Ascertain the facts and make prompt report.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 13. Fort Leavenworth, June 26, 1862.

Whereas, a system of warfare has been inaugurated known as bushwhacking in which all the rules governing belligerent among civilized nations are discarded, and whereby rebel fiends lay in wait for their prey to assassinate Union soldiers and citizens; it is therefore ordered and all commanders of troops and detachments in the field are especially directed that whenever any of this class of offenders shall be captured they shall not be treated as prisoners of war but be summarily tried by drum-head court-martial, and if proved guilty be executed (by

