
2. The man killed, holding his gun in his left hand, raised his right hand in token of surrender. Captain H[arrison] passed and told his men to take care of that man. After going about one mile and a half Captain H[arrison] was obliged to halt; returned to this place, where R[obinson] was, and was told by him that some of our men had shot him after he had surrendered. H[arrison] said it was a cowardly act, and if the man could tell who had done it he would have him punished to the full extent of the law. He replied that he did not know the men. H[arrison] then called up the men and inquired who had shot Robinson. Three of them informed him that R[obinson] after he had surrendered raised his gun, and was in the act of shooting when they fired upon him. Captain H[arrison] returned to camp and informed Colonel Crook of the fact.

Very respectfully,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 2 to sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Flat Top Mountain, Va., August 8, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Third Brigade, Meadow Bluff.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to send you copies of the reports of Colonel Scammon on the complaint made by Colonel McCausland, rebel army, that some of Captain Harrison's company, First Virginia Cavalry, had shot Private Robinson, of Eighth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry, after he had surrendered as a prisoner. These reports of Colonel Scammon are reasonable and probably contain the facts in the case. In your communication with the enemy you should disclaim all conduct on the part of officers or men of this command which is contrary to the rules of civilized warfare, but at the same time notify them that while we thus disavow and punish barbarous acts we do not recognize their right to demand or expect the enforcement of a stringent rule since their conduct in countenancing and employing partisans who are notoriously mere robbers and murderers of Union men, in permitting robberies to be perpetrated by soldiers on prisoners (as was recently done in the case of assistant surgeon of the Ninth Virginia who was not liable to be treated as a prisoner of war at all), and in pursuing a barbarous and cruel course toward citizens of the country who adhere to the Government takes away the claim which belligerents carrying on war according to civilized rules would have. We shall be strict with our troops out of respect to ourselves, and protest against the irregularities of which their troops are frequently guilty and the reign of terror among citizens which they have labored to inaugurate.

By command of J. D. Cox, brigadier-general:

G. M. BASCOM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, August 21, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: The undersigned, citizens of Fredericksburg, beg leave to represent to you the following facts: Some few months past the following

