
originality of views, and was commonly reputed a wild talker, but a kind-hearted man. He avowed that he was still under the obligations of allegiance to the United States, yet was active both in the contribution of money, time and labor in promoting the comfort and efficiency of the Confederate soldiers while our army occupied Fredericksburg. Among those citizens who best knew the real sentiments, motives and purposes of Williams, a majority deemed it a needless step to confine him as an enemy to the Confederate cause. We know nothing as to the cases of Burnham Wardwell and A. M. Pickett. We learn that they were residents of Richmond City when arrested. We know but little of the case of Squire Ralston. We hear he has been discharged from custody. We are informed he was arrested upon the charge of seeking to depreciate the Confederate currency while a laborer in the woolen factory of Kelly, Tackett, Ford &amp; Co., at this place. We desire especially to call your attention to the fact that there are many citizens of Fredericksburg now sojourning in and near Richmond who are personally familiar with the reputation, character and the causes of arrest of Messrs. Morrison, Couse and Williams. Among them are Majors Seth B. French and John S. Hayes, in the commissary service, Major M. H. Crump, quartermaster, Major William S. Barton, W. Yates Downman, in the Treasury Department. We respectfully but urgently ask that the cases of the prisoners aforenamed be brought to investigation before the proper officers of the Confederate Government. The citizens of Fredericksburg last named can readily be called to testify in the matter and we are sure can furnish adequate information upon which a fair judgment may be reached as to whether the public good requires their continued detention in custody. We are of opinion from personal knowledge that no consideration of public policy calls for the continued custody of the Messrs. Morrison, Couse and Williams. If this should prove to be true upon a proper investigation the release of those persons would procure the return to their homes of many ow in custody as hostages for them. We feel assured that you will cause all such steps to be promptly taken for this end as you may deem consistent with the public interests and an enlightened sense of official duty.

We are, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

GEORGE ALER.

J. HARRISON KELLY.

[And 45 others.]

CULLUM'S SPRINGS, BLADEN, ALA., August 22, 1862.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL, Macon, Ga.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your kind favor of the 8th instant. * I am happy to hear of your safe return to the Confederacy and hope you will soon receive a command commensurate with your merit. I hope you are aware that immediately after the battle I made an effort to have you and the whole force under your orders at Madrid Bend exchanged for a like number of prisoners taken from the enemy, but "Proclamation Pope" refused to do so. I always intended as soon as practicable to renew again my application but I found Halleck not more disposed to make an exchange of prisoners than his worthy lieutenant. I am delighted that at last you are out of their hands.

* * * * *

Sincerely, your friend,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

