
which could not ascend the James River, to other steamers, and finding that those employed were not sufficient to make them comfortable, a steamer of the Sanitary Commission was taken. This steamer had on board boxes of clothing and other articles for the sick, where they are kept until issued. These supplies are not intended for General McClellan's army and were not landed at Harrison's Landing. This additional boat was provided entirely for the accommodation of your prisoners of war.

A steamer goes up to-morrow for the 150 officers in Richmond.

Captain Milward will receive and receipt for them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 26, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

GENERAL: I inclose you an order* of Buell's adjutant-general which may have escaped your attention in regard to paroling prisoners and issued doubtless in response to the intercepted letter of General Nelson. It takes a position inconsistent with the cartel.

Very respectfully,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

Inclose copy to General Bragg and inform him that it is regarded as a violation of the cartel of exchange which requires the release on parole of prisoners taken by either side.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

[Inclosure-Newspaper slip.]

An effort to stop desertion from the Federal Army.

Bull Nelson wrote to General Buell in the dispatches that we intercepted and brought to Governor Harris recently that the general disposition to desert among his troops was alarming and that something must be done to put a stop to it. He represented that on all favorable occasions his men would desert to the enemy and have themselves paroled. The following order,* which we find published in the Nashville Union, has followed as a consequence. We don't know what military authorities may think of it, but it strikes us as a novel idea that General Buell shall claim to determine when and upon what terms we shall parole a prisoner.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 62. Richmond, August 26, 1862.

* * * * *

II. It is hereby announced that no oath of allegiance to the United States and no parole by a persons not in military service pledging himself not to bear arms against the United States will be regarded as an exemption from service of the armies of the Confederate States, but persons liable to conscription taking such oath or giving such parole will be enrolled for service. If captured by the enemy they will be demanded and paroled as prisoners of war.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*Omitted here; General Orders, Numbers 41, p. 360.

---------------

