
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 27, 1862.

B. N. HARRISON, Esq., Private Secretary to the President.

SIR: I have received the letter of D. H. Gordon with regard to T. F. Knox and others held as hostages by the enemy, referred by the President for information.

The persons for whom the gentlemen arrested in Fredericksburg are held as hostages are to be released. One of them will first be paroled to return unless the hostages are discharged.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

ORDER, C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Numbers 1. Richmond, Va., August 27, 1862.

Captain NORRIS MONTGOMERY:

By the inclosed order* you will see that I have been assigned to the command of C. S. prisons at Richmond. You will as heretofore continue in command of prisoners at Belle Isle. A report giving an accurate statement of all prisoners under your charge will be sent to this office every morning by 9 o'clock.

The countersign will be sent to you every evening. Adjutant Peacock will hand you this communication. He is to take a full list of all the prisoners under your charge, and you will please to render him any assistance, as General Winder wishes to have a new list as soon as possible.

Respectfully,

H. WIRZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding Prisons.

ORDER, C. S. MILITARY PRISONERS, Numbers 2. Richmond, Va., August 27, 1862.

The officer of the day as well as officer of the guard will see that nothing is carried into the room of the Federal officers confined here, as they are by direct order from the Secretary of War not be considered as prisoners of war. + They will further see that they do not stand about the door or converse with any person.

By order of

H. WIRZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding Prisons.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2, Numbers 125. Chattanooga, August 27, 1862.

By the terms of a cartel for the exchange of prisoners, signed by commissioners representing the Confederate States and United States on July 22, 1862, it is provided that "all prisoners of war captured by either party shall be paroled within ten days thereafter. "

In violation of this solemn compact the general commanding the abolition forces styled the "Army of the Ohio" has issued general

---------------

*Not found.

+Reference is probably to some of Pope's officers. See General Orders, Numbers 54, August 1, p. 836; Davis to Lee, July 31, p. 830.

---------------

55 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

