
orders declaring all such paroles null and void unless given with his sanction. Commanders within this department will pay no respect to that order, by execute in good faith and to the fullest extent the terms of that cartel until it is abrogated by one or both of the high contracting parties.

By command of General Bragg:

JNO M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Numbers 9,

Washington, August 28, 1862.

Honorable D. C. DE JARNETTE,

House of Representatives, Richmond.

MY DEAR SIR: I was arrested at midnight of the 13th of August at my residence in Fredericksburg by General Burnside under instructions from Mr. Stanton, Secretary of War. Eleven other citizens were arrested at the same time and we were all brought to this city and lodged in prison. General Burnside gave me a list of Union men held by the Confederate authorities at Richmond for whom we are held as hostages and whose release we are informed will be followed by our immediate discharge and return to our homes and families, separation from which in their present unprotected condition is most grievous. Seven other citizens of Fredericksburg had previously been arrested and imprisoned here as hostages, making nineteen in all. I call upon you as my old friend and Representative to bring your whole influence and exertions to bear upon this subject without a moment's delay and procure the release of the Union men whose names are herewith annexed: Major Charles Williams, Fredericksburg; Peter Couse, Spotsylvania County; Squire Ralston, Thomas Morrison, Moses Morrison, Burnham Wardwell, A. M. Pickett. I now give you the names of all the citizens of Fredericksburg now here and held as hostages for the above-named parties: Rev. William S. Broaddus, Thomas F. Knox, Charles C. Wellford, James McGuire, Beverly T. Gill, James H. Bradley, Thomas S. Barton (paroled), John F. Scott, George H. C. Rowe, Benjamin Temple, Dr. James Cooke, John H. Roberts, John Coakley, John J. Berry, Abraham Cox, William H. Norton, Michael Ames, Lewis Wrenn, M. Slaughter, mayor. Please inform my brother, J. W. Slaughter, in Danville, who will co-operate with you.

Very truly, yours,

M. SLAUGHTER.

P. S. - Law. G. Washington and Richard Washington are also state prisoners from Westmoreland County. Since writing the within I learn from General Wadsworth, Military Governor, that our release from prison must be effected by exchange for the same number of Union men held by the Confederate Government, man for man.

M. S.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, August 29, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 23rd instant I have to inform you that there is evidence bearing on the justice of the claim that Doctor

