
Rucker shall be treated as a prisoner of war except the verbal statement of Lieutenant-Colonel Starr, captured at the same time, that he was provost-marshal at the enemy's post of Summersville. From the voluminous evidence of citizens and others, and which I ordered to be forwarded with Rucker, I am of opinion that he cannot successfully be treated as a spy, but should be prosecuted for the treason of leading the enemy into our settlements and burning the bridge over Cow Pasture River while he was a citizen.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, MISS., August 29, 1862.

Major T. L. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

MAJOR: I intend to send the list of Federal officers captured in Missouri to the Secretary of War, C. S. A., and desire to know what became of the company rolls. Please inquire of Weightman and inform me as soon as practicable. Also inform me what was done with the list of officers and privates exchanged. I have examined General Price's records in vain for them. You may be able to ascertain by inquiry. Will the muster-rolls of Missouri troops be ready soon? In the event of movement toward Missouri I hope you will remember the interest I officially have in such information as may be communicable. I do not wish to move my office unnecessarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOUGH,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

RICHMOND, August 30, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH.

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward to you for your attention and the proper action the subjoined copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives of this date:

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate to this House the cartel recently agreed upon for a general exchange of prisoners with the enemy and to inform this House whether the enemy is known to have violated the same in any way, and particularly by administering oaths of allegiance to prisoners in their custody and retaining them in the United States.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge transfer and inclose a copy of the cartel to the President and inform him that the Department has no reason to believe that any of our prisoners have been coerced into taking the oath of allegiance to the United States. A list of 309 who had taken the oath, attested by their own signature, was furnished to our agent and were dropped by the enemy from their roll of prisoners, thus leaving an equal number of their prisoners in our hands not embraced in the exchange. We are not informed of any violations of the cartel. An order issued by General Buell which if carried out will be a violation of it has been made the subject of a strong remonstrance by General Bragg, and we hope will be rescinded.

G. W. R.

