
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 1, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &amp;c.

SIR: In response to the resolution of the House of Representatives referred to this Department I have the honor to inclose a copy of the cartel* agreed on for the exchange of prisoners and to inform you that the Department has no reason to believe that any of our men have been coerced into taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Government. A list of 309 who had taken the oath, attested by their own signatures, was furnished to our agent and they were dropped by the enemy from the roll of prisoners, thus leaving an equal number of their prisoners in our hands not embraced in the exchange.

The Department is not informed of any violation of the cartel. An order issued by General Buell which if carried out will be a violation of it has been made the subject of a strong remonstrance by General Bragg, and it is hoped the order will be rescinded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,The Narrows, September 1, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herein a copy of a letter from Colonel Gilbert, commanding forces of the enemy of Fayette County, making inquiry in regard to Rev. John Brown, of Greenbier County, and Doctor Rucker, which I am unable to answer, and I therefore beg that you will direct me in regard to the reply.

The President had previously made known to me that two chaplains of the enemy captured by us had been released in exchange for whom he thought John Brown should be released, and of this I had informed the commanding officer of the enemy's forces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Fayette County, Va., August 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Confederate Forces in Monroe County, Va.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding officer in this district to inform you that the Rev. John Brown denies having accepted the commission of chaplain; that his case, together with Major-General Loring's letter, has been submitted to the Secretary of War.

I am also directed to notify you that the commanding officer in this district has received information from what he deems a reliable source that Doctor Rucker (a loyal citizen of the United States, who was arrested at Summersville about a month ago, and for whom Honorable Samuel Price, a citizen of Lewisburg, is held as a hostage) is kept in close confinement and in irons and is treated otherwise with unusual and unnecessary harshness and rigor, and to ask you if this is true.

Also to notify you that if this question is answered in the affirmative, or if no direct answer is given, Honorable Samuel Price, who has thus

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 266.

---------------

