
hanging or shooting) on the spot, as no punishment can be too prompt or severe for such unnatural enemies of the human race.

By order of Brigadier General J. G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Detroit, Mich., June 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter received last evening from Major W. S. Pierson, commanding the Sandusky Depot, reporting disclosures made to him by two of the medical officers recently discharged pursuant to recent orders from the Adjutant-General's Office. Being satisfied that there are turbulent and desperate spirits among the prisoners who would be glad to ring about a collision with the guard even without a hope of ultimate escape from the island, reckless of consequences to themselves and others, I thought it advisable to call on Governor Tod for a company from Camp Chase to re-enforce the guard. It is scarcely possible that the majority of the prisoners would be willing to engage in a hopeless attack on the guard, but it might be brought about by the acts of individuals in spite of the better judgment and better feelings of the mass of them. The presence of a stronger guard will overawe the reckless and encourage the well-disposed to insist on submission where resistance could only lead to a useless sacrifice of their own lives.

In anticipation of a large increase of the number of prisoners at the depot I would respectfully suggest that a fourth company be added to this guard to take the place of the one called for from Camp Chase. It may become necessary to employ a detective agent in Canada to watch the movements of those who sympathize with the rebellion and I respectfully ask authority to employ such a person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1862.

Referred to Adjutant-General, with instructions to provide a force sufficient in any probable contingency to prevent any rising among the prisoners or any attempt from without to rescue them.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HOFFMAN'S BATTALION,Depot Prisoners of War, near Sandusky, Ohio, June 23, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I last evening discharged the medical officers in pursuance of an order from General Thomas. On Saturday forty-eight prisoners arrived from Fort Columbus. They came on parole with two U. S. officers. They delivered me their money, about $1,200.

