
far since his arrest been allowed the limits of the town of Charleston, will at once be placed in close confinement and in irons and so kept until information is received of a change of treatment to Doctor Rucker, when the same will be accorded to Mr. Price.

Doctor Rucker's wife and children accompany this flag of truce and I would respectfully ask that she be permitted to see her husband and that the courtesies due her sex and condition be extended to her. The rigors of war should be made to rest as light as possible upon non-combatants who are not responsible for its existence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP, Stauton, Va., September 1, 1862.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: John A. Reynolds, who was taken prisoner at the battle of Manassas, presented to me a discharge from the Secretary of War, which not exempting him I enrolled him. He now presents a pass, copy of which please find inclosed, which he accepted rather than remain in their prison, learning from them that he would never be exchanged, paying little attention to the oath when read and not signing it. He has not received pay since he was allowed to return. Shall he be sent to be exchanged as a paroled prisoner or remain enrolled as a conscript?

Very respectfully,M. G. HARMAN,

Colonel Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Enrolling Officer.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DEPARTMENT,Washington, July 31, 1861.

Pass John A. Reynolds over the Chain Bridge and to Falls Church.

By order of General Mansfield, commanding:

DRAKE DE KAY,

Aide-de-Camp.

It is understood that the within named and subscribed accepts this pass on his word of honor that he is and ever will be loyal to the United States, and if hereafter found in arms against the Union or in any way aiding her enemies the penalty will be death.

[Indorsement.]

I certify that this is a correct copy of a pass given to and in possession of John A. Reynolds.

M. G. HARMAN,

Colonel Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Enrolling Officer.

RICHMOND, September 3, 1862.

Major N. G. WATTS, Vicksburg, Miss.:

We are now delivering the Federal prisoners at this place and will order to Vicksburg the few that are confined in the South.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

