
JACKSON, MISS., September 3, 1862.

General L. TILGHMAN:

Received following from Secretary of War:

The exchanged prisoners must be sent to their respective regiments. Where the headquarters of the regiment is with you it will remain under your command.

First Alabama here under Villepigue. Send balance here.

EARL VAN DORN.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER.

GENERAL: James Owens, Company E, City Battalion, whilst on post Numbers 3 discharged his gun at a Federal prisoner, name unknown, who amused himself since last evening putting his head out of the window, and when told by the sentinels on post to take it in would abuse them. Said Owens being on post, the prisoner at his game again, fired at him, not with the intention to hit him, but merely to frighten him; unfortunately the ball went in through the open window and through the ceiling, killing instantly one John Hickey, citizen prisoner from Philadelphia. I had Owens immediately put under arrest until further orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., September 5, 1862.

Captain N. MONTGOMERY:

Will you be so kind as to give such orders as will exclude everybody (women not excepted) from selling pies, fruit and other things to prisoners under your charge, as this has been a source of trafficking in money, &amp;c. The commissary at the island will be the only one allowed to trade.

Your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., September 6, 1862.

Colonel J. WARREN GRIGSBY, C. S. Army,

Lincoln County, Ky.

COLONEL: I am directed by Major General E. Kirby Smith to inform you that you are hereby authorized to parole the home-guards in the counties of Boyle, Lincoln and Mercer on condition that they give up their arms and pledge themselves not to take up arms again or in any way give aid or comfort to the enemies of the Confederate States by giving information or otherwise while within the Confederate lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

