
LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., September 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General WINDER.

SIR: We, the undersigned, officers of the U. S. Army, were taken by the army of General Jackson at or about Manassas and directly upon our arrival from the Peninsula. Understanding that a difference of treatment, &amp;c., is made by you between the officers of General Pope's command and those of General McClellan, and that the former alone are not subject to the agreement of parole made between our Governments, and being informed by your officers that we are considered and treated as officers of General Pope, we beg respectfully to direct your attention to the circumstance of our belonging only to the Army of the Potomac.

J. FRED. PIERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry.

R. A. BACHIA,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry.

WM. H. LEAYCRAFT,

Captain, Eighty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry.

JOHN C. LASSEN,

Captain, Eighty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry.

D. P. JONES,

Captain, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.

J. C. CONSER,

Captain, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[And many others.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,

Richmond, Va., September 9, 1862.

Captain MONTGOMERY and Doctor BARHAM.

SIRS: You will please issue an order that all the effects within, clothing, money, papers, &c., found in the possession of a deceased prisoner be immediately given to you, and you will send them to me on my giving you a receipt for the same, as I have to forward all such things to Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster on General Winder's staff.

Very respectfully,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.

FRONT ROYAL, September 10, 1862.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS, President of Confederate States.

DEAR SIR: On the 23rd day of July last a raid was perpetrated by seventeen cavalrymen of Captain Baylor's company on a train of wagons belonging to the Third Delaware Regiment, near Nineveh, in this county (Warren), capturing and carrying off some ten men and about twenty-five horses from the wagons. During the succeeding night the regiment (Third Delaware), under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, visited the neighborhood and captured (from their beds at their several residences) Thomas McKay, William D. Bartlett and Benjamin Hicks, and I, being on a visit to my neighbor Bartlett, was also arrested.

