
The next day while we were under arrest [he] sent a squad of cavalry and stripped our farms of all the horses fit for service and a quantity of gear, saddles, &amp;c. I was released a few days afterwards, but Messrs. Hicks, Bartlett and McKay were retained in prison here one week and then sent to Culpeper Court-House, at which place they were kept confined until the battle of Cedar Creek, or Slaughter Mountain, since which time they have not been heard from but are believed to have been sent to Washington City. I write you a statement of the facts at the urgent request of the families of the absent parties, who are in a very distressed condition. There were no charges preferred against them that I know of - none while here, except that they were believed to have known of the intended raid, but no trial was given them, as there was not a particle of evidence nor even suspicion against them.

One of the gentlemen, Mr. Bartlett, is sixty-six years of age and delicate, and his family think he cannot live if exposed to hardship.

I am not aware that anything can be done to relieve them, but it would be a great satisfaction to their families to know where they are, and if any prudent means can be adopted for their relief it would be gratifying. They were offered release upon taking an oath of allegiance to the Federal Government before they were sent from here, which they refused to do.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWD. B. JACOBS.

FRONT ROYAL, September 10, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States of America.

RESPECTED SIR: I have been informed that the officers and many of the men of the Third Delaware Regiment have been taken prisoners at the battles of Manassas and Catlett's Station; if so I should be pleased that they be retained until charges can be preferred against them. While holding myself and others at the point of the bayonet in the guard-house they broke open our store-house and the houses of others and carried off before us all the stocks of goods on hand, as well as valuable papers and books. This was done under the eye of and the men said by direction of the field officers, viz, Colonel Redden, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins and the major of the regiment, and the owners of the merchandise taunted by the men in the immediate presence of the officers. Therefore if taken I hope they may be handed over to Governor Letcher to be tried for the offense; the evidence is positive. They further sent to my farm and took off my horses and negroes; afterwards released the negroes but retained the horses and other property, under General Pope's order, as they said.

Your obedient servant,

EDWD. B. JACOBS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 11, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN, Jackson, Miss.:

The exchanged prisoners must be sent to their respective regiments. Where the headquarters of the regiment is with you it will remain under your command and brigades and divisions may be formed without reference to former brigades and divisions, but troops of the same State must be brigaded together as far as practicable. Conscripts must be distributed to all the regiments of the State. Every effort will be made to arm and equip the troops. Your rank necessarily gives

