
for safe-keeping. He is there now if not exchanged. In regard to this fellow Jordan I wish to bring to your notice the following facts:

1. Two months before his capture he came with his battalion to Sparta, Tenn. He made an order on the ladies of the town to cook for 600 men in one hour and upon failure he said he would turn his men loose upon them and he would not be responsible for anything they might do. The ladies understood this as a threat of rape. They were forced into compliance with his demands.

2. A few days before he was captured he with a part of his command was at Selina, a little village in Buchanan County, Tenn. He told the ladies there that unless they cooked for his command they had better sew up the bottoms of their petticoats.

These facts can be proven by the most indubitable testimony. I will state that they occurred in the District which I have the honor to represent here and I have deemed it due to the ladies of these places to bring the facts to the notice of the Government that the proper steps may be taken to punish the barbarous wretch for the grievous insult.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

E. L. GARDENHIRE.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President. His instructions are asked.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Hold the prisoner for further inquiry into the outrages reported.

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 1, 1862.

Referred to General John H. Winder for inquiry and report. In the meanwhile detain him.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Fourth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 26, 1862.

COMMISSIONER: The most that can be said of Major Jordan, if his conduct is correctly reported, is that he behaved in a ruffianly and brutal manner. There was no overt act that would deprive him of the privileges of the laws of war. His own denial* and the certificate of his brother officers are entitled to some weight. It is the decision of the Department that he be paroled or exchanged.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Raleigh, September 13, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Your telegram of this date is received. In reply I beg to inform you that the only order given by me to the officer in command at Salisbury is one from General French dated the 10th instant, a copy+ of

---------------

*See Jordan to Secretary of War, October 11, p. 915.

+Not found.

---------------

