
oner in our midst, I would most respectfully suggest, if the disposition of these civilians has not been otherwise decided on and if it shall meet with your concurrence and the approval of the Secretary of War, that Frank D. Orme have, under his parole, my house in Petersburg assigned to him as a prison, with the understanding that I with any other known citizen of the Confederacy shall be sponsor for him, and that under such parole he shall neither leave my house nor hold converse with any one out of the presence of myself or of a controlling member of my family. Such a precaution in the case of Mr. Orme I do not deem necessary. I suggest it, however, out of abundant prudence and still more as an evidence of my conviction that no detriment shall accrue to the Confederacy for his temporary release should the favor for which I apply under the recited conditions commend itself to you and the Secretary's better decision. This proposition, of course, looks to the contingency of their being exchanged as prisoners of war at an opportune time. If, on the contrary, it should be the policy of our Government to look upon them, and Orme among the number, as persons fit to be hostages for the safety and freedom of our private citizens who have been ruthlessly dungeoned in U. S. fortresses and prisons I wish it to be clearly understood that this application must be looked upon as if it never had been made by yours,

With the very highest respect,

ALEX. DIMITRY.

MIDDLEBURG, VA., September 13, 1862.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP, Commissary-General, Richmond, Va.:

I am requested by Major B. P. Noland, commissary of subsistence, to inclose you a copy of a parole given by Mr. Samuel Field, who was arrested by the enemy in the county of Fauquier last May. Mr. Field was in the employment of Mr. Noland as purchaser of cattle, &amp;c., from July, 1861, and at the time of his arrest was engaged in driving cattle out of the country within the lines of the enemy. Mr. Noland says Mr. Field was the most valuable and efficient agent he had and that it is very important to have his services at this time. He therefore desires that you will if possible have Mr. Field exchanged or in some other way released from the obligation of his parole. Mr. Field says that he was assured by the officer who took his parole that it would only bind him whilst he remained within their lines.

Very respectfully, &c.,

LAWRENCE B. TAYLOR.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, Va., September 22, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War with the request that Mr. Samuel Field be released from his parole by order, as he is not bound by equity.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,The Plains, Va., May 11, 1862.

I, Samuel Field, being held in arrest by the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, in consideration of being released from the

