
One of the surgeons after they were notified to leave said he wished to speak to me in private. He said he would be hung if he was known to say what he was going to, and would not without I would agree not to mention his name to any one. I told him I would not. He said he was glad to get away. That the prisoners would soon have a revolt; that I should immediately increase our force. I replied, "Let them try. We are ready. " He said he supposed so, but the prisoners were desperate and would make the attempt, and whether successful or not it would lead to great loss of life to them and outside. I said, "Supposing successful, which I do not fear, how will they get off the island?" He said that if they could not have arrangements carried out for transportation they had determined to take their chance by tearing [down] buildings or fences to make rafts across to the mainland, and there take their chance of getting hold of vessels or walking to Canada, or scattering. I said, "They are not so big fools. " He says, "They are, and nothing will stop them unless you have more force, at least in making the attempt. " "Now," says he, "act as you please, but never disclose me, and I feel that I have done a duty in saying this to you. "

Just as the officers were going on the boat a man who was one of them, but I had never seen him before even to know him by sight, beckoned me to one side and said, "Major, your Government has done a noble and humane act in discharging the surgeons. I want to say to you that you should increase your guards here without delay. It may save a great calamity to do it. I cannot say any more. " He said this in a low voice and went right on the boat. I do not know which he was. I will add that I have not mentioned these circumstances to any person living and shall keep no copy of this letter.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

June 26, 1862.

Honorable DAVID TOD, Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio.

DEAR SIR: I learned last evening from Major Pierson that when the rebel surgeons were released under recent order from the War Department one of them called him aside and under his promise not to mention his name told him that the prisoners were determined on a revolt at all hazards and even with scarcely a hope of ultimate escape from the island. This statement was confirmed by another surgeon just at the moment of leaving.

Improbable as the story seems I thought it advisable last evening to call on you for a company to re-enforce the guard. I am satisfied there are turbulent and desperate spirits among them who keep up discussions and excitement and who taking advantage of the small guard may be some individual act bring about a collision between the guard and the prisoners in spite of the better judgment and better feeling of the large majority of them. The presence of a stronger guard will overcome the reckless and encourage the well-disposed to insist on submission when resistance would manifestly be only a useless sacrifice of their own lives. I must try and cultivate a little more confidence in the command with less concern about what may be undertaken, but twenty preventions are better than one cure.

