
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF THE MISS., Numbers 48. Holly Springs, Miss., September 13, 1862.

Hereafter all prisoners of war taken by troops of this command will be at once sent to headquarters army of the district, to be paroled in accordance with the cartel between the United States and Confederate States Governments.

By order of Major General E. Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, September 14, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Inclosed herewith please find an elaborate account extracted from the local papers in Missouri and the Northern press of the execution of Colonel Frisby H. McCullough, of the Second Division, Missouri State Guard, and sixteen privates, near the town of Kirksville, in Adair County, Mo., by the U. S. authorities under the command of Colonel John McNeil. The frequent recurrence of the flagrant outrages upon the people of Missouri and especially upon the officers of this Government assigned to duty in that State is becoming exceedingly disheartening to our people and calls aloud for retaliation. The papers herewith inclosed fully establish the high moral, social and official standing of Colonel McCullough, and I have to urge that you bring the subject to the attention of the Executive in order that by summary retaliation a stop may be put to these outrages upon humanity and civilization.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. HARRIS.

G. G. VEST.

A. H. CONROW.

T. W. FREEMAN.

[Inclosure.]

THE FIGHT AT KIRKSVILLE.

[From the Palmyra Courier, August 15.]

* * * * *

The total number of killed, wounded and prisoners which fell into Colonel McNeil's hands after the battle, we are informed by gentlemen of the highest veracity who were upon the ground during all of Thursday and Friday following the battle, could not possibly have been less than 350. Of these about fifty were prisoners. ***

The loss of the rebels in killed and since died of their wounds will not fall short of 200.

* * * * *

One of the most painful parts of the tragedy is yet to be related. Among the prisoners captured were found fifteen who had taken the oath of allegiance, sworn not to take up arms against the United States or the Provisional Government of this State. These men were tried at drum-head court-martial, and the evidences of their guilt being indisputable they were sentenced to be shot. Colonel McNeil approved the sentence, signed the death warrant and every one of them was shot on Thursday. This proceeding, though severe, was eminently just and right and the whole civilized world will sustain Colonel McNeil in it. On Thursday afternoon, the day after the battle, eight or ten of the newly enrolled militia of Edina were out on a private scout of their

