
indispensable to success and was contemplated by General Bragg. Refer to the President's dispatch of September 11 and you will find such instructions as we consider it practicable to give. You are the senior officer and subject to General Bragg's instructions and can exercise your own discretion.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 16, 1862.

Brigadier General LLOYD TILGHMAN, Jackson, Miss.:

If General B. Bragg has given no instructions about the prisoners, as I hoped he had, the duty of reorganizing them devolves upon General Earl Van Dorn as the senior officer present.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

JACKSON, September 16, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE, Iuka:

Not under twenty days. The exchange must be ratified first. I shall thoroughly equip except arming, and if I had your arms could drill the raw men. How many arms have you and where are they?

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General.

MEMORANDUM.

The side-arms of general, field and commissioned officers taken at Fort Donelson were permitted to be retained by the officers respectively until their arrival at Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, when Colonel Moody required that all arms should be delivered to him as commandant of the post. The arms were delivered to him with a promise from him that they should be delivered to their owners upon their release from the prison. I understand since the cartel for exchange has been agreed upon that all side-arms at Columbus or Camp Chase belonging to prisoners were to be packed and shipped to Vicksburg for delivery to the owners. This information I received from Sergeant-Major Dusenbury, of my regiment, and he says he received it from Colonel Hoffman and other officers in command at Camp Chase.

R. FARQUHARSON,

Colonel Forty-first Tennessee.

My sword was a common, plain saber, steel scabbard, brass guard, &amp;c., now silver plated all over.

R. F.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, September 17, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Richmond, Va.:

The wife and several members of Andrew Johnson's family desire to go North via Richmond. I propose to let them go. What shall I do?

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

