HEADQUARTERS MILITARY SUB-DISTRICT OF HOUSTON,Houston, September 17, 1862.

Captain C. M. MASON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Please find herewith a report of the provost-marshal of Galveston concerning the supposed escape to the enemy of young Paschal, of Austin. The individual referred to is probably George W. Paschal, eldest son of Judge G. W. Paschal, of Austin, who had left Austin about six weeks ago. The provost-marshal complains of the interference of Colonel Cook with the boats employed for the police of the bay and seems to attribute to that interference the imperfect manner with which the bay is guarded. I have written to Colonel Cook to abstain hereafter from meddling with the police of the bay except when called upon for assistance by the provost-marshal.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[X. B. DEBRAY.]

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, Galveston, September 17, 1862.

Colonel X. B. DEBRAY,

Commanding Military [Sub]-District of Houston.

SIR: Herewith find copy of communication from Captain Thomas Chubb relative to young Paschal:

ON BOARD ON C. S. SCHOONER ROYAL YACHT,

Galveston, September 16, 1862.

Major J. C. MASSIE, Provost-Marshal, Galveston, Tex.

SIR: In obedience to your orders issued to me to make a thorough search in the bay for young George Paschal I proceeded to do the same, and after cruising around and examining every point without hearing or seeing anything of him, I proceeded to the house of his stepfather, Pix, and made inquiries concerning him. Mr. Pix informed me that he left his house one day after dinner in company with a negro boy and boat belonging to his mother, Mrs. Pix. That he had not heard of or seen him since. That he believed they had either drifted out or were carried out by the negro to the blockading squadron. I am firmly of the opinion that young Paschal has made his escape to the enemy and that further search would be useless.

Respectfully submitted.

T. CHUBB,

Commanding C. S. Schooner Royal Yacht.

With sentiments of regard, &amp;c.,

J. C. MASSIE,

Provost-Marshal.

MUNFORDVILLE, September 18, 1862.

Major-General POLK.

GENERAL: The general commanding orders me to address you in regard to the eighteen prisoners sent by you on the 17th to him for final disposal. He desires to be informed of the cause of arrest of the following fifteen citizens, viz, Moses Paris, J. F. Allen, John Long, Pleasant Perkins, Miles McGrew, W. A. Bratcher, W. Kinney, Crow Southern, Michael Finnegan, John O'Brian, John Shay, Hugh Dolan, David Duhigg, Michael Garvy, Pat. Ryan. These citizens are now under guard at the front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. CHAILLE,

Medical Inspector, Staff of General Bragg.

