
been taken on board of some one of the boats now under flag of truce. Receiving and harboring negroes being an unlawful act and punishable by fine and imprisonment, can only be done with impunity by force, and as an act of force becomes clearly a violation of the flag of truce which should to the smallest particular be held sacred. You are consequently desired to bring the above to the notice of the proper officer, who it is not doubted will promptly turn over to your charge the negroes mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, September 18, 1862.

Brigadier General C. L. STEVENSON,

Commanding Third Division, Army of East Tennessee.

GENERAL: * * * The major-general commanding declines to exchange for political prisoners and permit them to return home. He will authorize an exchange and send the prisoners beyond our lines. You can use Coleman's regiment to replace such detached companies as you may have at Morristown and other points. You will order the forces left at the Gap (Hilliard's and Palmer's commands) to proceed to clear the road, removing all obstructions.

* * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., September 19, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward to you the subjoined copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 17th instant.

Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this House what disposition is made of negroes captured by the Army and whether any general orders have been issued to facilitate their restoration to their owners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[Indorsement.]

The Department has not been informed of the capture of any slaves by our armies.

G. W. R.

RICHMOND, September 19, 1862.

Brigadier General LLOYD TILGHMAN, Jackson, Miss.:

The exchange is not yet perfected. We shall give notice immediately that if the agent of the enemy does not meet our agent by a given day to be agreed upon the exchange will be announced by us and the exchanged prisoners will be ordered to duty.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

