
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: You will dispose of the below-named prisoners as follows: 1, David W. Sherman, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; 2, Reuben Sherman, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; 3, H. T. Sherman, to be discharged; 4, Asbrick, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 5, A. Ambrach, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 6, John Bryant, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 7, John Beltzhoover, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 8, Isaac Brown, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 9, A. Taylor, to be discharged and furnished transportation home if he takes the oath of allegiance; 10, I. Ingram, to be put in a hospital; 11, William Holcombe, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 12, T. Holcombe, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 13, L. B. Payne, to be held as a citizen prisoner, but to be permitted to work at his trade under parole; 14, F. Stemlaugh, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 15, D. May, to be held as a citizen prisoner; 16, William Hines, to be discharged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 19, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq.

DEAR SIR: The return prisoners at Vicksburg are urgently needed for immediate service. Are they all exchanged, and if not when will the exchange be completed?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WELDON, N. C., September 21, 1862.

General WINDER, Commanding District, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I send under guard in charge of Sergeant Epting a prisoner named James Smith, who states that he is a stove molder by profession; supposed to be a deserter from the army - a spy or a bridge-burner, judging from appearances, conduct and contradictory statements. He appears to be well informed of the position of our armies, well acquainted with the locality of Richmond, and the fact of his having been loitering in this neighborhood for sometime past creates the impression that he is a bridge-burner. He is of an age subject to conscription. Taking into consideration his conflicting statements, conduct, &amp;c., I believe him not to be right. I therefore send him to you for further examination.

I am, respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

JOEL R. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post at Weldon, N. C.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America.

SIR: In response to the resolution of the House of Representatives inquiring what disposition is made of negroes captured by the Army,

