
pared to believe that a government born in the midst of revolution and war had left the punishment of this class of traitors exclusively to the slow and uncertain process of the civil tribunals; but such seems clearly to have been the case, and however great the evil it is not one which the military authorities can remedy.

Very respectfully,

JAMES Q. FUQUA,

Judge-Advocate and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 23, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: Herewith please find list* of paroled prisoners taken by the Yankees, being stragglers and some few captured in battle. The services of every man being greatly needed, General Lee is most anxious that all prisoners should be relieved by exchange as soon as possible in order that our ranks may be increased. These prisoners have been sent back to Winchester with order there to wait exchange.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. H. CHILTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, September 23, 1862.

Colonel JOHN B. PALMER:

Your dispatch of this morning has been laid before the major-general commanding, who directs me to say that you will forward the prisoners at once in accordance to General Stevenson's instructions. You will make no distinction between those from East Tennessee and the Northern States when the former are prisoners of war taken in arms against us. Union men who are willing to renounce their opinions and join the Army will of course be permitted to do so, but they are not simply paroled and allowed to remain in East Tennessee real enemies, but only restrained by their parole from acts of open hostility. Those not for us are against us and must be so treated. The Indians may be used to advantage in the manner proposed should similar outrages occur. At this time there is an extraordinary demand for wagons. Teams can probably be furnished you if you can procure the wagons from the surrounding country. An arrangement will be made in regard to the artillery as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., September 23, 1862.

Mr. DAVIS:

I reached here the day before yesterday and will leave to-morrow for my command. I was taken prisoner at Lebanon on the 5th of May and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

57 R R - SERIES II, VOL IV

