
have had a terrible time of it. Now that I am back I intended if possible to have my revenge for being incarcerated in the penitentiary, robbed and abused generally. I saw mother, who sends you a great deal of love. Yesterday I paid a long visit to Mr. Davis. Himself and family were well. I wish you to know in connection with my capture that it was unavoidable. With twenty-seven men I fought two hours and a half, losing five of my men and killing more than our number of the enemy, and only surrender when the building in which we were was fired. I hope to make a better record next time.

With much love to Mrs. Davis and the children,

Sincerely,

ROBT. C. WOOD, JR.

BALDWIN, MISS., September 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: I have just received a letter from a Missouri congressman in which he says that General Price is severely censured at Richmond for not transmitting to the Department the rolls of the prisoners that were paroled at Lexington, and that-

the matter as it now stands is disgraceful to the character of the officers who had the management of the surrender on our part.

As I was at that time the acting adjutant-general of the Missouri State Guard and as it was my duty as such to attend to the details of the surrender I may be permitted to make the following statement and explanation:

Rolls of all the prisoners that were captured and paroled at Lexington by General Price were carefully made out and preserved. These rolls were not transmitted to the War Department because it had nothing whatever to do with the prisoners. These were captured by the Missouri State guard and were properly held as prisoners to the State of Missouri and not to the Confederate States, between which and the State of Missouri there was not at that time any connection either civil or military.

To have sent the rolls to Richmond under the circumstances would have been manifestly improper. I therefore filed them in the office of the adjutant-general of the Missouri State Guard to remain there till such time as they might be transmitted to their proper custodian, the adjutant-general of the State of Missouri, to whom they were subsequently delivered by me and in whose custody I presume they still are.

I am, sir, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. SNEAD.

RICHMOND, VA., September 25, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Having just returned from Camp Chase, Ohio, where I had been detained as a prisoner of war, via Vicksburg, Miss., allow me to call your attention to a few facts regarding the Virginia prisoners who were released at the same time with myself, viz, on the 10th instant. They to the number of about 300 are held at Jackson, Miss., by General Lloyd Tilghman, to whom they are ordered to report and who expressed his determination to form them into a separate battalion, as he said, temporarily, yet for service at that point or with the Army of the Southwest. You can easily imagine the dissatisfaction this would

