
cause among troops taken from at least half a dozen different regiments and representing I believe every different arm of the service and who have but one or two commissioned officers in their whole number. The reason assigned by General Tilghman for this detention was the want of transportation. But he added at the same time that - "We (the department I presume) want them here. " These troops, principally from the mountains of Virginia, are exposed of course to all the diseases incident to that climate at this season of the year. Great numbers of them were already sick when I left and if anything could be done to alleviate their condition it certainly could do the service no harm and confer a great favor on the men thus concerned.

Allow me to be, dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. BOSTON STEWART.

RICHMOND, VA., September 25, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: Allow me to call your attention to a fact that has come under my immediate notice in regard to certain orders given by Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, who was in command of the post at Beverly, Randolph County, Va., at the time of my capture by an expedition sent out from that point to Hightown, Highland County, August 8. After my capture, as they were proceeding on the Stauton and Parkersburg road about two and a half or three miles west of Havener's store, the advance was fired on by some persons in ambush and two others (prisoners) escaped. I was not with the other prisoners at the time, being in custody of their cavalry. The infantry halted at the point at which they were attacked till the cavalry came up and then Captain Jarboe gave his troops what he said was a standing order, viz, that if they were fired on by any persons whatever to turn and shot all the prisoners in their custody. I extended my protest verbally, of course, against this, and though three of the officers, viz, Lieutenants Myers and Hart, of Captain Keys' Ringgold Cavalry, and Lieutenant Barclay, of the bogus Tenth Virginia Regiment, declared that they would not obey the order, it was not withdrawn but reiterated. The same order was tried to be carried out on the person of Granville Carlin, of Barbour County, who was raising a company of rangers for a battalion I was authorized to raise under order of 22nd of May a few days previous to the time I was taken. He after being taken prisoner was fired on and wounded in the arm when they were attacked in an open woods in Pendleton County, Va., but escaped, though not trying to do so at the time. I state this as I got it from him the next day. The officers named above belong to the Tenth Regiment (bogus Virginia), Federal Army.

Yours, respectfully,

D. BOSTON STEWART.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Knoxville, September 25, 1862.

By authority of the major-general commanding the Department of East Tennessee the following persons have been appointed deputy provost-marshals for the districts following, to wit:

First District, Johnson, Carter and Sullivan, Captain A. L. Gammon, Blountsville; Second District, Washington and Greene, Captain Giles Cecil, Jonesborough; Third District, Jefferson, Grainger, Sevier and Cocke,

