
unwittingly done as I was not aware that surgeons were registered, only giving my rank, which was captain.

Hoping that the above presentation of facts will be appreciated and that immediate action will ensue resulting in my release.

I remain, with profound respect, your obedient servant,

J. HANDY,

Surgeon Tenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 27, 1862.

JAMES A. EKIN, Assistant Quartermaster, Indianapolis:

Colonel Farrar has no authority to release prisoners. You will release no one without order or approval from this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 27, 1862.

Colonel G. LOOMIS,

Commanding Fort Columbus, Governor's Island, N. Y.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of a letter signed by a number of prisoners of war now at Governor's Island and referred by you to this Department expressing their reluctance to be placed under the control of the rebels, and to state in reply that when a system of general exchanges shall be established none of the prisoners of war who will take the oath of allegiance and as to whose future loyalty there is no question will be forced within the rebel lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., June 27, 1862.

Flag-Officer C. H. DAVIS,

Commanding Western Flotilla, Mississippi River, Memphis, Tenn.

SIR: Your letter of the 18th is received. I have received on official information of the gun-boats in the Arkansas and White Rivers. In operating with troops in Arkansas it is of the utmost importance to know something of the movements of the flotilla there. Corporal Warden will be sent to your command. You can negotiate the exchange of your prisoners through any Confederate officer with whom you can communicate. If you have not in your command the men for exchange General Grant on your requisition will be ordered to furnish them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., June 27, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. VAN ALEN, Commanding at Yorktown, Va.

GENERAL: Please send to Mathews County Court-House and arrest Carter B. Hudgins and send him to this post to be placed in confinement at the Rip Raps, and give public notice at the court-house that

