
Captain William McCampbell, Morristown; Fourth District, Hawkins, Hancock and Claiborne, Captain Walter R. Evans, Tazewell; Fifth District, Campbell, Scott and Fentress, Captain J. D. Thomas, Jacksborough; Sixth District, Knox, Union, Anderson and Morgan, Captain W. W. Stringfield, Knoxville; Seventh District, Blunt, Monroe and Roane, Captain W. J. Hicks, Loudon; Eighth District, McMinn, Polk and Bradley, Captain J. M. Carmack, Athens; Ninth District, Meigs, Rhea and Beldsoe, Captain W. E. Colville, Washington; Tenth District, Hamilton, Marion and Sequatchie, Captain C. W. Peden, Chattanooga.

JOHN E. TOOLE,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 26, 1862.

Major General G. W. SMITH, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: Your attention is respectfully called to the inclosed copies of a letter from the Honorable A. R. Wright and a resolution of the medical committee relative to the condition of the hospital of the Federal sick and wounded, and you are requested to cause your medical director to inspect the prisoners' hospital and to report on it at this Department and to correct abuses that may exist.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HOUSE OR REPRESENTATIVES,

Richmond, Va., September 22, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

Mr. SECRETARY: You will find inclosed a resolution passed this morning at a session of the committee on the medical department. In the discharge of our duties we visited the hospital of the sick and wounded of our enemies now in our custody. All of the wards are in a wretched condition. The upper ward was such as to drive the committee out of it almost instantly. The honor of our country will not permit us to bring the matter to the attention of Congress, thereby making the matter public.

We attach no blame to the Secretary of War. We know that in his almost overwhelming labors this matter has escaped his attention. We address you in the full confidence that you will have this condition of things altered at once. We think that the hospital for prisoners ought to be on average at least with those for our own soldiers.

Regretting to add another to your very many labors,

I am, sir, with high consideration, very truly,

AUGUSTUS R. WRIGHT,

Chairman of Committee.

[First indorsement.]

Acknowledge receipt of the letter and inform Mr. Wright that the letter and resolution have been sent to General G. W. Smith with the request that he would cause his medical director to inspect the prisoners' hospital and to report upon it and correct abuses. Write accordingly to General Smith and inclose copies of letter and resolution.

G. W. R.

[Second indorsement.]

To General Smith, and inclose copies of letter and resolution.

G. W. R.

