
Resolved, That the chairman of the medical committee be instructed to address a letter to the Secretary of War in relation to the condition of the Federal prisoners of war now confined in the hospitals in Richmond and urge him to have the same placed in a more comfortable position as soon as possible.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 26, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Commissioner for Exchange.

SIR: The inclosed copy* of a letter from Lieutenant Hunter Davidson is respectfully called to your attention and you are instructed to change the place of delivery of prisoners to City Point, of which due notice must be given to General French at Petersburg.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 225. Richmond, September 26, 1862.

* * * *

VI. Captain Henry Wirz, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will proceed to Montgomery, Ala., and such other points as may be necessary, to hunt up the missing records of the Federal prisoners of war. He will report to Colonel R. Ould for specific instructions.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, September 28, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th instant inclosing resolution of committee calling attention to the condition of the hospital of the Federal sick and wounded was received and referred to the medical director. He reports that the hospital, by his direction, has been inspected since receipt of your letter, and adds that all of the many existing abuses will be promptly corrected. The hospital to which allusion is made was not included in the certified list of hospitals obtained by the medical director from the former inspector of hospitals. I have directed further examination to be made into the causes of the condition in which this hospital was found, and, if the circumstances do not go far toward exonerating the surgeon in charge from blame, ordered his arrest and charges made out against him for neglect of duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,G. W. SMITH, Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 30, 1862.

Inclose copy of this letter to Honorable Mr.

-----

, from whom a letter concerning the hospital of the Federal prisoners was recently received. The reply in my letter book a few days ago will furnish his name.

G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 30, 1862.

Inclose copy of this letter to Honorable Mr. ----, from whom a letter concerning the hospital of the Federal prisoners was recently received. The reply in my letter book a few days ago will furnish his name.

G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 30, 1862.

Copy sent to Honorable A. R. Wright.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

