SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 15. Bardstown, Ky., September 28, 1862.

I. The names, rank and regiment of all paroled prisoners coming in will be immediately reported to general headquarters with the circumstances of their capture.

* * * *

By command of General Bragg:

JNO M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, GA., September 28, 1862.

Captain GEORGE A. MERCER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military District of Georgia, Savannah.

CAPTAIN: The Federal prisoners desire me to lay before you an application for two of their number to be paroled for twenty days for the purpose of going North and procuring supplies of clothing for them for the incoming winter. If permission be granted they suggest the names of Captain C. C. Andrews and Captain P. Gregg as suitable persons. Captain Andrews is of the Third Minnesota and Captain Gregg of the Fifty-eighth Illinois. Captain Gregg was once before paroled for the purpose of negotiating for an exchange of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CALHOUN,

Captain, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, September 30, 1862.

Respectfully referred to General G. T. Beauregard.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., September 29, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF STATE.

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward to you the subjoined copy of resolutions of the House of Representatives of the 27th instant:

Resolved, That the President be requested to enter into negotiations if practicable with the authorities of the United States for the purpose of securing the release of all citizens of the Confederate States held in confinement by the enemy or paroled by them or forced by them to enter into bonds with the Government of the United States: Provided, That such persons so held by the enemy were taken prisoners while in armed and active hostility to the United States, although not regularly enrolled or enlisted in the Confederate Army.

Resolved, further, That the President be requested to demand in writing from the authorities of the United States the immediate and unconditional release of all citizens of the Confederate States held by them as prisoners, either in confinement or under parole or bond, who were arrested by the agents or officers of the United States while peaceably engaged in their ordinary avocations and not in arms against the United States, and that he communicate to Congress the result of said demand.

Your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

RICHMOND, September 29, 1862.

General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

Reorganize the returned prisoners as rapidly as possible.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

