
to receive 4,000 of them. It seems now that we are to get but 2,000. As you are so far in advance that any orders you may give in the matter would be a long time in reaching their destination, I have reported the facts of the case to the Adjutant-General for such action as may be thought proper.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. JONES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., September 30, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of Western Virginia.

GENERAL: * * * *

You will discriminate between friends and enemies in your treatment of the country people, making your impressments from the latter and paying them in Confederate money, but your troops should be restrained from pillage. Capture such of the leading Union men as come within your reach and send them to Richmond or some safe place of confinement. Prisoners taken in battle or with arms in their hands, if attached to military organizations, will be treated as prisoners of war. Assure the people that the Government has no animosities to gratify, but that persistent traitors will be punished and under no conceivable circumstances will a division of the State be acquiesced in.

* * * * *

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: You will dispose of the below-named prisoners as follows: Robert Blassingham, to be discharged; John A. Dennis, to be held as a prisoner until our laws are enforced over the region of Kentucky in which he lived; Lycurgus Savage, to be held as an alien enemy unlawfully on the soil of Virginia and suspected of being a spy; Michael Manheim, to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance and volunteer in the army and to be sent to South Carolina if convenient; Lewis Manheim, to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance and volunteer in the army; Joe B. Kepler, to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance and volunteer in the army; John S. Champ, to be held as a prisoner; John Owens, to be held as a prisoner until our authority is established over Kentucky and then to be sent there for examination; Thomas Waller, to be held as a prisoner until our authority is established over Kentucky and then to be sent there for trial; Tallmage Thorne, to be held as a prisoner, suspected of being a spy; George M. Payne, to be held as a prisoner until our authority is established over Kentucky; N. Reynolds, to be held as a prisoner until our authority is established over Kentucky; Andrew Wilson, to be paroled by the provost-marshal to seek work, reporting himself regularly; J. M. Alfred, to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance and volunteer in our army; G. R. Salisbury, to be paroled on taking the oath of allegiance and to be permitted to seek employment, reporting himself regularly to the provost-marshal; Richard Jones, to be discharged on parole;

