
RICHMOND, October 3, 1862.

Major General SAM. JONES, Knoxville, Tenn.:

I have instructed General Earl Van Dorn to carry out General B. Bragg's instructions in reorganizing the prisoners as far as practicable.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, October 3, 1862.

BOND COLLINS, Warrenton:

You cannot be enrolled while on parole. When exchanged you will have an opportunity to volunteer.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

Resolution passed by the Confederate Senate October 3, 1862.

Whereas, it is notorious that many and most flagrant acts violative of the usages of war, of the rights of humanity and even of common decency have been and still are being perpetrated by the forces of the United States upon the persons and property of citizens of the Confederate States; and

Whereas, such outrages cannot be fully known and believed whilst resting only in the oral statements of citizens indifferent and remote States and in the hasty paragraphs of newspapers published in different and remote localities; now, therefore, that the evidences of the said outrages may be collected and preserved in a permanent and credible form and the truth of history thus vindicated, and the perpetrators delivered to the just indignation of the present and future generations.

Resolved, That a committee of thirteen Senators or of one from each State be appointed whose duty it shall be to take or cause to be taken in such manner and form as they shall prescribe the testimony in relation to such outrages, and after making report at such time as they shall deem proper the report and the testimony shall be deposited in the Department of Justice and that the objects of this resolution may be attained the committee shall have power to send for persons and papers.

[NOTE. -Mr. Clay, Mr. Preston, Mr. Dortch, Mr. Orr, Mr. Henry, Mr. Hill, Mr. Burnett, Mr. Phelan, Mr. Semmes, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Clark and Mr. Oldham were appointed as such committee.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., October 4, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq.,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I inclose copy of a letter from Charles Grattan, a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, and a resolution adopted by that body in reference to the alleged detention of certain prisoners of war, and a copy of a letter* from General McClellan informing General Lee that two of those prisoners were to be treated as prisoners of war. You

---------------

*Omitted here; McClellan to Lee, p. 49.

---------------

