
will demand the release of these prisoners and will take occasion to explain to the agent of the enemy that partisan rangers are not persons making war without authority, but are in all respects like the rest of the army except that they are not brigaded and act generally on detached service. They are not irregulars who go and come at pleasure, but are organized troops whose muster-rolls are returned and whose officers are commissioned as in other branches of the service. They are subject to the Articles of War and the Army Regulations and are held responsible for violations of the usages of war in like manner with other regular troops. You will also inform him that the rangers of the State of Virginia detained by them are entitled to be treated as prisoners of war. They are organized under the law of that State and are commissioned by the State authorities. The Confederate Government will insist upon their treatment as prisoners of war and will again resort to retaliation in their behalf if the promise of General McClellan and the undoubted right of the rangers be disregarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

HOUSE OF DELEGATES, Richmond, October 3, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a resolution adopted by this House this day requesting you to inform them what redress the Confederate Government proposes, or whether they propose any; in other words, whether any steps have been taken or will be taken to release officers and men who are held as prisoners of war by the United States Government despite the cartel lately agreed upon the alleged ground that such officers and men are not Confederate soldiers but Virginia soldiers.

Information comes to this House from W. W. Finney, late lieutenant-colonel of the Fiftieth Virginia Regiment, that such officers are held and refused to be given up for exchange, though otherwise treated as other prisoners. He mentioned Captain John S. Springs and Captain Marshall Triplett, of Virginia Partisan Rangers, organized under act of the Legislature of Virginia; Captain John Covert, commissary of Forty-ninth Regiment of Virginia Militia, and Captain Silas Taylor, of the Seventy-ninth Virginia Militia (the last captured while acting under Colonel Finney's own order). These officers were confined on Johnson's Island, off Sandusky, Ohio, in the same prison in which Colonel Finney was confined and from which he was released under the cartel, they remaining behind.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES GRATTAN,

Chairman of Committee.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Mr. Grattan that the Department had not heard of the detention of the prisoners referred to by him and will immediately demand their release. That learning some time ago from Governor Letcher of the reported intention of the enemy to treat Captains Springs and Triplett as felons the Department caused two hostages to be set aside from the commissioned officers of the enemy and informed General

