
respectfully solicit your good offices with General Winder to procure for me the treatment due to a true friend.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

WM. CHASE BARNEY.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., October 4, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of the letter* I addressed to General Thomas at the time I forwarded Pope's officers and the so-called nurses captured on the battle-fields of Manassas. I have had no personal interview with the agent of exchange since. I have, however, received from Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, acting commissioner, to whom I also made an appeal in behalf of Zarvona, a letter of the date of October 3, in which he says:

The case of Zarvona is yet under advisement. There is very disposition to be lenient. I shall take great pleasure if in my power and consistent with the public interest in responding to your personal appeal on his behalf.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 4, 1862.

Dr. F. A. RAMSEY, Medical Director, &amp;c.

SIR: I would respectfully call your attention to a few facts in relation to the public prison. There now are and have been for some time past from 100 to 150 persons confined in the public prison at this place. I find it impossible to establish and maintain such hygienic regulations as are necessary to prevent the engendering of disease among the inmates from the accumulation of filth in and about the prison. Many portions of the house are destitute of anything in which the men can spit or deposit throw-out chews of tobacco. Many of the inmates seem exceedingly careless in the observance of cleanliness despite the best efforts of the jailer and myself. Could some one (an inmate) be appointed and empowered to enforce such observance of cleanliness as will properly preserve the health of the inmates? I feel well assured that this cannot be done without the constant presence of some one to enforce all regulations which may be deemed requisite for the well-being of those confined.

One important fact I wish especially to invite your attention to, viz: For some time past all the windows of the lower portion of the building have been closed during the night, or very nearly so. I have several times protested against such a procedure and have met with the answer that it was the orders. I presume this order has been given in consequence of the occasional escape of confined persons. The inmates cannot long retain or regain their health unless the prison has free ventilation. Would it not be proper that the authorities consider the propriety of inclosing said prison with a wall or fence of plank? By such a course the sanative condition of the house would be greatly improved, a less number of guards required and much greater security against escapes obtained.

Very respectfully,

M. C. YOUNG,

Acting Surgeon.

---------------

*Omitted here; Ould to Thomas, September 25, p. 555.

---------------

