
in case of any further disturbance of the public peace by guerrillas or any further violence done or offered in that county by secessionists to Unionists I shall hold every secessionist there personally responsible therefor.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to submit herewith copies of all correspondence* on file in this office bearing on the Senate's resolution of June 23 which calls for information in regard to the exchange of prisoners or the negotiations therefor.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, Ohio, June 27, 1862.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit.

SIR: Yours dated 21st instant concerning or ordering release of surgeon prisoners confined at this post is received, and I have to reply that on the 19th instant pursuant to orders from Governor David Tod of Ohio, dated June 18, all prisoners known to be surgeons were by Colonel G. Moody, then commanding, unconditionally released from confinement at this post. A prisoner physician whose claim to a regular surgeonship is not yet clearly decided has been by order of the Governor paroled on condition that he report himself for duty to the post surgeon as his assistant in discharging his duties to the prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully,CHAS. W. B. ALLISON,

Colonel Eighty-fifth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding Post.

Surgeons released as per foregoing: M. M. Johnson, Fifty-third Tennessee Regiment; J. D. Johnson, Forty-eighth Tennessee Regiment; Tomlin Braxton, assistant surgeon (rebel), King William County, Va. ; Theophilus Steele, Second Kentucky Regiment; E. W. Harris, Twenty-second Alabama Regiment; O. F. Knox, First Alabama.

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, June 27, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of June 26 addressed to the commanding officer Camp Douglas requiring him to report immediately the number and names of all prisoners who have escaped from Camp Douglas and dates of escape. I succeeded Colonel Cameron in the command of this post on the 19th instant. No prisoners have escaped since that date. I do not find any records on file from which I can furnish immediately the number and names of those who previously escaped. I have instituted a vigorous inquiry, however, and will forward the information required as soon as it can be procured.

---------------

*Omitted here; see correspondence of Wool and Huger in its chronological order.

---------------

