
[Indorsement.]

Colonel TOOLE, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: The subject-matter of Surgeon Young's communication has more than once been presented to the authorities. By very great effort on the part of the attending surgeon [of] the prison [he] has thus far prevented epidemic, but unless his suggestions can be made to be actually practicable the inmates of the prison will inevitably sicken and almost as surely die.

Respectfully,

FRANK A. RAMSEY,

Surgeon and Medical Director, Department of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,October 6, 1862.

General BRAGG, Commanding Department Numbers 2, Bardstown, Ky.

GENERAL: I send you a paper* received under a flag of truce from General Buell the day before I left Bardstown. I replied that you would answer it as soon as circumstances would allow, but owing to a blunder of the courier in carrying it to the lines it was too late, the bearer of the flag having left. An opportunity is now presented to know when they are on your front toward Lawrenceburg or elsewhere. These Federal officers have been sent forward to me at this place, not having been paroled when the privates were by Colonel Wharton, in Bardstown. One of them I have heard had been taken before and may have been violating a former parole. I am having his case examined. What disposition shall be made of these men?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding Army of Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, October 6, 1862.

Governor I. G. HARRIS, Murfreesborough:

Letter from General Bragg of the 27th says all exchanged prisoners must be sent to Kentucky. If General Forrest is certain that General Bragg does not now want in Kentucky the arms he ordered me to send there by Maxey, I will send him enough to arm the troops he can raise.

SAML. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 6, 1862.

Colonel J. E. TOOLE,

Provost-Marshal, District of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your of the 4th instant covering instructions relative to the seizure of private property, &amp;c., as also General Orders, Numbers 1. Please inform me what disposition should be made of Union men arrested and brought to this post. Evidence as to their disloyalty is generally difficult to obtain, though they admit that their preference has been for the Union. At

---------------

*See p. 586.

---------------

