
present those confined in guard-house are mostly charged with desertion, charges against whom have been laid before the commandant of post.

Respectfully,

CHAS. W. PEDEN,

Captain and Deputy Provost-Marshal.

LIBBY PRISON, October 6, 1862.

General WINDER.

GENERAL: The prisoners have gone and I remain alone. At my request Judge Baxter (upon examination before him) consented that I should not be sent forward with these prisoners. I now ask the treatment due to a friend who voluntarily came among you and voluntarily remained when I was offered to be sent to the North. Judge Baxter has offered me a sojourn at the county court-house, as I must be careful not to act in such a manner as will cause me to be imprisoned on my return to the North. I respectfully request that you will allow me to visit my friends in the city, all of whom are office-holders in the Confederate States.

Your obedient servant,

WM. CHASE BARNEY.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 233. Richmond, October 6, 1862.

* * * *

XI. Captain R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, is assigned to duty in this city from August 13, 1862.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General TILGHMAN:

You are authorized to proclaim all returned prisoners exchanged.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Petersburg, Va., October 7, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: Thad. Grey, who has been giving us information of the enemy, was arrested and sent to this place by Colonel Claiborne on suspicion of playing false or of trying to betray the command into the hands of the enemy. I never saw Grey but once. I believe he is well known in Richmond-perhaps by you, as I perceive your name on his oath of allegiance to the United States. What shall I do with him? He is believed to be a spy for both parties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

