HEADQUARTERS, Madison, Ga., October 7, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I think it proper to communicate to you some facts in regard to the conduct of General Prentiss during his confinement as a prisoner of war. He has shown a disposition to treat with disrespect our Government and its authority, and upon one occasion he and eight other Federal prisoners attempted to escape, to wit: Colonel Geddes, Major Ward, Captain W. W. Warner, Captain Earle, Captain Van Duzee, Captain Geddes, Lieutenant Mikels and Lieutenant Van Riper. I confined them in the jail at this place and have kept them in close confinement ever since. I look upon Prentiss as one among the most violent enemies of the South and an unprincipled scoundrel. His conduct is base and treacherous and he deserves no humane treatment at our hands. I make these statements in order that you may have an insight into the character of the man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. L. CALHOUN,

Captain, Commanding.

McDOWELL, HIGHLAND COUNTY, VA., October 7, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: Having been informed that General Kelley, Yankee commander of Northwestern Virginia, says that the prisoners taken at rich Mountain and paroled at Beverly, Va., have not been exchanged and he intends hanging them if caught in service, you will please inform me of the facts concerning this matter and if said prisoners, if exchanged, are not allowed sixty days from the time of reporting to make preparations to enter the service.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN C. CALHOUN,

Lieutenant.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 8, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent, &amp;c.

SIR: Your attention is asked to the inclosed copy* of a letter from Colonel J. C. Porter, and you are respectfully requested to inform the agent of the United States Government in the strongest language that if this warfare be continued we shall set apart prisoners by lot for retaliation. Such atrocities cannot and will not be endured.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

Act of the Confederate Congress approved October 9, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the following sums be and the same are hereby appropriated for the objects hereafter expressed for the year ending the 31st of December, 1862:

For support of prisoners of war and for rent of necessary guard-houses, &c., two hundred thousand dollars.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

