
KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 10, 1862.

Major General S. JONES,

Commanding Department of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.

SIR: My father, Mr. T. G. Craighead, who was arrested at his home in Marion County, Tenn., on the 5th day of June last and taken to Nashville as a political prisoner by Brigadier-General Negley, of the U. S. Army, has returned "on parole of honor, with the privilege of exchange for a person of like grade," he having given bond of $2,000 to report within thirty days from the 3rd of October to Brigadier-General Negley's headquarters, Nashville, Tenn., and is desirous to know if the major-general commanding will make an exchange. He says that the military authorities of the U. S. Army at Nashville are willing to exchange all the political prisoners held by them, and therefore I would most respectfully ask the major-general to exchange some of the political prisoner held by the C. S. authority within his department for my father. And also for Mr. W. Turner, of Marion County, who is at home on parole of thirty days; Dr. J. C. Bebee, of Tracy City, Marion County, Tenn., who is in Nashville as a political prisoners held by them, and therefore I would most respectfully ask the major-general to exchange some of the political prisoners held by the C. S. authority within his department for my father. And also for Mr. W. Turner, of Marion County, who is at home on parole of thirty days; Dr. J. C. Bebee, of Tracy City, Marion County, Tenn., who is in Nashville as a political prisoner; Mr. William H. Ballard, of Marion County, Tenn., and Mr. Claiborn Gant, of Sequatchie County, Tenn., who are at Camp Chase, Ohio. All of whom are held by the U. S. authorities as political prisoners, they never having taken up arms against the United States Government, but for having advocated, aided and abetted the Government, but for having advocated, aided and abetted the Government of the Confederate States in a civil manner they are now suffering imprisonment.

Hoping that you may be able to effect an exchange for the above-mentioned gentlemen, so that they may be able to return to their families, I am, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

WILL. A. CRAIGHEAD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 11, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent, &amp;c.

SIR: You will inform the agent of the United States that an equal number of Federal prisoners will be selected by lot and retained until the prisoners named in the list* are either returned or shown not to be embraced by the cartel. You will also inform him that a hostage will be retained for Colonel Zarvona, and that you will furnish a list of the hostages hereafter.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[OCTOBER 11, 1862.]

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector-General:

The officers and soldiers of the U. S. Army who were captured early last year in Texas by General Van Dorn, and perhaps others, including the Eighth Infantry, have been exchanged. These men were on parole. The terms of the cartel require us to deliver them within the enemy's lines. As General Magruder is about to go to Texas will you do me the favor to put the delivery of these men to some convenient point in possession of the enemy under his charge?

If General Magruder is not going will you have the necessary orders sent to the commanding officer in Texas to have these men delivered

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

