
to the U. S. authorities? The men I understand are in the neighborhood of San Antonio. The exchanged list embraces all our captures of the regulars of the United States in Texas.

Respectfully,

ROBT. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, October 11, 1862.

Colonel W. W. BOYD, Commanding at Chattanooga, Tenn.:

You are directed by the major-general commanding to send forward immediately all paroled prisoners to be exchanged who are in and around Chattanooga. They are to be sent to this place with all possible dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, Va., October 11, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

SIR: I was captured in Kentucky on the 9th day of July, 1862, while in command of the post at Tompkinsville, and have been a prisoner of war in confinement ever since. On Tuesday last I was informed by Captain Calhoun, who commanded the military prisoners at Madison, Ga., that I would be sent to Richmond for the purpose of being paroled or exchanged. I arrived in this city this morning and was taken to the office of Major-General Winder, who informed me that I could not be either paroled or exchanged but would be held to answer certain charges that had been preferred against me. He told me that the charge was that I had threatened to turn loose my men upon the women of Tennessee and allow them to be ravished, and also that I had compelled the women to cook for my soldiers. These charges I had before seen in one of the papers and I now pronounce them false in every particular.

I will briefly state what did once occur with my command when at Sparta, Tenn., and from which the story has originated. A day or two after Colonel Morgan took Cave City, Ky., I was ordered by General Dumont to march toward the Cumberland Mountains and intercept the colonel if possible, and to facilitate my march to take no wagons or anything to impede me but to forage upon the people for subsistence. I reached Sparta on the fourth day and after a march of forty-five miles, and my men had been twenty-four hours without food of any kind. They were in such a condition that I could not march them further without food, and I feared that should they enter the houses of the people they might use insulting language and take things that would outrage the people. I therefore rode up to the hotel where quite a number of people were congregated and stated to them the necessities of my men and my desire to keep them out of their houses and prevent outrages of any kind. They at once agreed to cook for my men a meal and I asked them to send me their bills, for which I made out a proper receipt, upon which they could at any time obtain the money by presenting them at the quartermaster's department at Nashville. I pledge my honor as a soldier and a gentleman that the above is a true statement.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Major, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

