
GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 75. Richmond, October 13, 1862.

I. The following notice of the officers and men who have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war is published for the information of all concerned:

RICHMOND, September 22, 1862.

1. All officers and men who have been delivered at Aiken's Landing, Va., up to this date.

2. All officers who have been delivered at Vicksburg, Miss., up to this date.

3. Ten thousand three hundred and sixty-eight men of the first deliveries at Vicksburg, Miss.

ROBERT OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

II. All officers and men who have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war will without delay join their respective regiments and corps.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, October 14, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent, &amp;c.

SIR: Your attention is asked to the inclosed copy of a letter* from General Lee, and you are respectfully requested to inform the agent of the United States that prisoners taken by our partisan corps will not be exchanged until the enemy consent to exchange such of the partisans as fall into their hands.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Petersburg, Va., October 14, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I have been repeatedly warned or notified that there was a lady in Portsmouth named Tabb that could not be trusted; indeed, that she was a spy. Yesterday she arrived here under the name of Ward and registered her name (at least it was done) as Mrs. Whittle. Accompanying her was a Mrs. Williams, who is the daughter of Fleming, formerly master machinist of the Portsmouth Navy-Yard, and whose husband is now a draughtsman in the Naval Ordnance Department. It is believed that they had letters secreted on their persons from what was observed by a person at whose house they stopped. Their baggage has been searched and the person also of Mrs. Tabb, but no letters of import found. Nevertheless I would rather they were in Salisbury than in Richmond and I think they should either be sent there or back to Portsmouth. Mrs. Tabb is said to have passed through here in disguise but she denies it. She leaves a family of five children in Portsmouth and yet she wishes to pass the winter in Richmond. She is highly connected there and I presume you will be importuned in her behalf. It think both should be sent back or be sent to Salisbury or some other place.

Yours, very respectfully,S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Lee to Randolph, October 9, p. 913.

---------------

