
Hereafter a minute record of all events regarding prisoners of war at this post will be kept on record.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Regiment Illinois Vol. Infty., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, June 27, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 21st instant addressed to commanding officer of this post. In accordance with instructions therein the medical officers held as prisoners of war in this camp, nineteen in number, were discharged on the 25th instant. I send a list* of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. TUCKER,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infty., Commanding Post.

COPAYE'S MILL, Texas County, Mo., June 27, 1862.

Colonel BOYD.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you the following as the result of my work. I made a hasty report to you on the 24th. I now include facts:

I arrested Moses Bradford, a noted guerrilla and one who has caused us much trouble. He was not in arms and I do not feel it my duty to shoot him, although he acknowledges himself in the brush for four weeks and coming from the army with Coleman, and is identified [as] a train-burner. I arrested Lewis Morris in arms with letters from General Price's army exciting to guerrilla warfare, who acknowledged himself a rebel (the letters I forwarded to you before in which he was spoken of as Colonel Best), and under Orders, Numbers 18, from General Schofield and instructions I shot him although it was an unpleasant duty.

I have arrested a number who have willingly fed Coleman's men in order to know what they knew about the rebels in this vicinity and threats which have been made, in doing which I ascertained the hiding place of about forty rebels, it being two miles south of Joel Stevenson's in a house built two years ago but not occupied; hence rode to it. Out of rebel sympathizers I made guides, and under cover of a heavy shower last night I surrounded the place, but from evidence they had not been there after the arrest of Moses Bradford. I have the names of all and they are those who have friends living here. They are the ones who are shooting Union men down in this vicinity. A Mr. Light, near the Gasconade, was shot while in his corn-field. These rebels roam the whole country. I arrested a Mr. King, who has been feeding his son, a returned rebel, and one who is identified as a train-burner, and released him on promise that he would deliver his son as prisoner of war at Rolla within one week. In so doing I think we can again find the hiding place of the rest.

I have left the very best of impression among the people. I have succeeded in getting neighbors and brothers together who have not

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

