HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., October 16, 1862.

General PRICE.

GENERAL: The prisoners of war belonging to your command have arrived and you will direct them to report to their different commands, but will require no duty of them until they are exchanged.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -A list will be sent you.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, October 16, 1862.

ANDREW JOHNSON, Jr.

SIR: The major-general commanding has received your communication of the 15th and directs me to say in reply that at this particular juncture of affairs he is compelled to decline granting passports through our army lines. If you have made your election between the two Government and decided against the South the permission asked will be granted as soon as circumstances will allow. Meanwhile he repeats the policy declared in his proclamation and will see that full protection is given to the persons and property of all loyal citizens. Should you remain you will find that to this you will not be made an exception. Should your application be renewed in a short time it will most probably receive a favorable reply.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, October 16, 1862.

L. P. MYNATT, Esq.

SIR: The major-general commanding directs you to proceed to Chattanooga, Tenn., and inquire into the charges against all civilians charged with violations of the laws of the Confederate States. You will examine the charges and the evidence to sustain them and report in writing your opinion as a lawyer who should be released on account of the vagueness or frivolousness of the accusations or the want of evidence to support them, and who should be confined for trial.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 16, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: By request of Honorable George W. Crawford, of Georgia, I herewith inclose for your consideration his letter, together with that of Captain Clay Crawford, held by our Government as a prisoner of war. May I beg of you to give the matter your attention and to favor me with a reply?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. HIDELL,

Private Secretary of Honorable Alexander H. Stephens.

Vice-President Confederate States of America.

