
[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

Inform Honorable A. H. Stephens that the case will be investigated, and refer it to General Winder for inquiry and report.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War. Upon inquiry I find that Clay Crawford was sent from Madison, Ga., and received at C. S. military prison on October 11 and paroled 12th of October, 1862, and sent North.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

BELAIR, September 27, 1862.

Honorable A. H. STEPHENS, Vice-President, &amp;c., Richmond.

DEAR SIR: I have stated to Captain Crawford, whom I do not know and as I think is no kin of mine, that I would write to you in his behalf. His statement in relation to our introduction is remembered and true. Other parts of it are without my knowledge. My reply to him was substantially that his commission probably fixed his character as a prisoner of war; that the Confederate Government only acted on general principles of national law or by convention; the two Governments had agreed on a cartel for the exchange of prisoners and that he ought to accept the terms of this cartel whenever offered to his choice, &c. But according to his own statement he left his command without authority and will probably be treated as a deserter by the Federal Government. I do not know the policy of our Government in such matters and hence I refer his case to the Secretary of War, before whom you will be pleased to place this letter and the inclosed.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

GEO. W. CRAWFORD.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MADISON, GA., September 24, 1862.

Honorable G. W. CRAWFORD.

SIR: I address you to ask you that you will assist me in obtaining my release (on parole or otherwise) from custody as a prisoner of war. I do not know whether you will remember me, but I feet satisfied that when you are acquainted with the circumstances under which I was made a prisoner you will interest yourself in my behalf. I was appointed cadet while you were Secretary of War (1850) and had the honor of being presented to you at the Department by General Samuel Houston. On the surrender of Fort Sumter I resigned my commission in the Regular Army and retired to my home in Missouri. I was elected to the Missouri State Convention and voted with the Southern members for the withdrawal of the State. During the following summer our State was plunged into all the horrors of civil war by invasion. The militia was called out for defense and I accepted a commission from Governor Gamble with the understanding that my regiment was not to be ordered from the State or used except to repel invasion. This pledge was violated and immediately after the battle of Pea Ridge seven officers, including myself, tendered our resignations. General Curtis

