
RICHMOND, October 18, 1862.

Major General G. W. SMITH, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that as the paroled prisoners at Camp Lee are to be exchanged by or before Thursday, 23rd instant, they may be started on Monday, the 20th instant, to await orders at Winchester.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. S. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, October 21, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Commanding, &c.

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inclose you the foregoing copy of a letter received by the President, and to direct that you will inform the commanding general of the enemy's forces that if the account of the murder be true retaliation will be made on prisoners unless the murderers are punished. You will set apart hostages by lot for the purpose and notify the enemy you have done so. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JASPER S. WHITING,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

JACKSON, MISS., October 3, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States.

DEAR SIR: As I am not aware that the subject has been brought to your special notice I inclose herewith the letter# of J. T. Trezevant relating the facts and incidents connected with the murder of William H. White by the Dutch cavalry of Illinois [Sixth Illinois Cavalry], under the command of one Captain Boicourt. Whatever may be their example, the Government of the United States profess to be governed by the laws and usages in war observed and practiced by civilized nations. The facts recited in this case are so revolting to humanity, so grossly violative of the precepts of Christianity, as to place it beyond the pale of civilization and class it distinctly with the barbarities of the Sepoy or the North American Indian.

I take it for granted, therefore, that if you have not already done so you will immediately institute, an inquiry into the case, and if the facts are found to be as they are stated, of which I do not entertain a doubt, that you will demand that Captain Boicourt shall be given up to the Confederate authorities to answer for the crime which he has committed against humanity and against the laws of war. There are but few men of any country, I am happy to believe, who are so lost to the common instincts of humanity as to be capable of committing such a crime, and few indeed who are not imbued with New England civilization that will not sicked at the recital of its details. I am therefore justified in the hope that if the law of retaliation is held up before them with such a manifestation as will carry conviction to their minds that it will be inflexibly maintained, the Federal authorities will be constrained by a public opinion and by their own natural impulses to give up this villain rather than allow a better man to suffer death for his crime.

---------------

*See Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 870 et seq.

#Not found.

---------------

