
Mrs. White, the mother of the young man murdered, is the daughter of a Revolutionary patriot. Her mother was the sister of Governor Miller, of South Carolina, who also represented that State for many years in the Senate of the United States. She is a most estimable lady and has a large and respectable family connection spread all over the South.

I have written this letter at the instance of a friend, knowing Mrs. White to be a connection of my wife. Will you be kind enough to let me know what has been done or what is likely to be done with this case?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. DANIEL.
HEADQUARTERS, October 21, 1862.

Major General E. VAN DORN, Commanding Holly Springs.

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that by instructions from the War Department Brigadier-General Tilghman will retain 2,000 of the returned prisoners, as the terms of the exchange are not fully completed.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,

Jackson, Miss., October 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. TILGHMAN, Jackson, Miss.:

In reference to your communication of 20th instant I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say he desires to be informed to whom a detachment of prisoners stated by you have been sent to our lines near Baldwin, Miss., has been sent.

In regard to that portion of your communication in which you state that you are awaiting orders from Richmond and desire to be informed whether "existing orders as to the return of returned prisoners to their respective commands be carried out," I am directed to say that "existing orders" have been canceled, viz, as to the return of such prisoners to their respective commands. Your instructions are that 2,000 prisoners be retained for the present.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. TILGHMAN, Jackson, Miss.:

Robert Ould, esq., is charged with the duty of agent for the exchange of prisoners under the cartel. Communicate with him and receive instructions from him as to the exchange. Great confusion will ensue from two agencies independent of each other.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

