HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., October 22, 1862.

General E. VAN DORN:

I inclose herewith a communication* addressed to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding U. S. forces in your front; also General Rosecrans' letter# to commanding general of Confederate Army. I desire you to reply as far as practicable to his inquiries. Though I have expressed my convictions that his complaints are unfounded I cannot deny them on my own knowledge. I deem it unnecessary and inexpedient to refer to the paragraph of General Rosecrans' letter (in your reply) which bears upon the occupation of Jackson, &amp;c., unless you have reason to believe such an arrangement as he proposes would insure to our benefit. You are desired to send my letter together with your own by flag of truce as soon as possible.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S. -Please return General Rosecrans' letter and send me copy of your reply. No list of U. S. prisoners accompanied.

Respectfully,

J. C. P.

RICHMOND, October 22, 1862.

H. WIRZ:

(Care of Major Watts, Vicksburg.)

You can go where you please in search of the prisoners. I want the whole business cleaned up especially.

ROBT. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., October 22, 1862.

General PRICE:

Please send by the courier the name of a suitable field officer belonging to the command you have ordered to move with General Villepigue to take charge of our Confederate paroled prisoners ordered to concentrate at Meridian. Direct him to report at these headquarters at once. General Pemberton has telegraphed for this officer and he must go in this evening's train. The major-general commanding wishes a complete roster of officers of your army as soon as possible.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 88. Holly Springs, Miss., October 22, 1862.

* * * *

IV. Colonel Quarles, Forty-second Tennessee Regiment, will proceed to Meridian, Miss., at once and take charge of all paroled Confederate

---------------

*Omitted here; Pemberton to Rosecrans, October 22, p. 641.

#Omitted here; Rosecrans to Price, October 16, p. 627.

---------------

