
prisoners who have been ordered to assemble at that place or may be hereafter ordered there. He will make all necessary requisitions for the necessary supplies to properly provide for them on the proper staff officers in Jackson, Miss.

* * * *

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., October 23, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: Inclosed I beg leave to furnish for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding copies of the correspondence* between Major General B. F. Butler, of the Federal Army, and myself in relation to the exchange of prisoners.

The exchange has progressed so far as the delivery of some 300 officers and men from New Orleans. A continuation of exchange General Butler and Major-General Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Louisiana [District of West Louisiana], but of which I have no official information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Exchanged Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., October 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General JOHN GREGG, C. S. Army, Present.

GENERAL: With a view of inducting you properly into the office of exchanged prisoners and furnishing you such information as will enable you to proceed regularly with your duties I beg leave to present the following history of all that has transpired in connection with this duty whilst I have been in charge, and also to make such suggestions for your future reference as I deem necessary.

The duties originally assigned me by General Bragg embraced only the reorganization of the returned prisoners from the North who were captured at Forts Henry, Donelson, Island Numbers 10 and Madrid Bend. This reorganization has taken place, embracing the preparation of muster-rolls, full and complete as could be made from data at hand. These muster-rolls recite the histories of the several regiments, battalions and companies represented by these returned prisoners, and nothing is left devolving on you connected with them except to forward as fast as they arrive absentees.

The work of reorganization is completed by the order to-day issued from department headquarters ordering the company of Captain Durham to report at Vicksburg. As connected with absentees from the regiments, battalions and companies of returned prisoners I would say that officers from all the regiments, &amp;c., have been sent to the neighborhoods in which the regiments, &c., were raised for the purpose of collecting together absentees and procuring recruits, with the printed

---------------

*See Tilghman to Butler, September 26, p. 564; Butler's reply, October 3, p. 594.

---------------

