
earnestly desire the release of these four deluded wretches, not for their sakes but ours and the cause we have at heart. We will be in Holly Springs on to-morrow and await your answer. If references are needed as to our characters and standing we can give them by telegraph from Holly Springs.

We would further state that we are all men of families, identified with what we consider the best interests of Tennessee, and deprecate those acts of partisans which confer no good to the general cause but heap hardships upon citizens.

All of which is respectfully submitted by

THO. H. NEWBERN,

G. W. DAY,

in behalf of themselves and of Eaton Bond, Thomas W. Cooper, David Reid and Stephen Bryant, who are now held in confinement at Jackson, Tenn.

We refer you to Major Robert Hurt at the Confederate House.

THO. H. NEWBERN.

G. W. DAY.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., October 28, 1862.

Captain MAXWELL, Commanding Peach Creek Rangers.

SIR: You are directed to notify the officer commanding the U. S. forces at Helena, Ark., that the private soldier from his command now a prisoner under your charge will on the rendition of Private Morris, of your company of partisan rangers, to Confederate authorities be in like manner returned to the military authorities of the United States. You will further notify him that whatever treatment is extended to Private Morris at the hands of the U. S. authorities will in like manner be extended on our part to the prisoner now held by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, October 29, 1862.

Major General E. VAN DORN, Holly Springs:

Your letter* of 24th instant was only received this morning. If the eleven Tennessee now in confinement in charge of commandant of the post at Holly Springs are as they represent themselves to be U. S. soldiers they should be proceeded with as other prisoners of war. If there is reason to believe any of their number deserters from Confederate service they should of course be brought to trial by court-martial on charges duly preferred.

I do not approve the policy of arresting citizens as such because of their political proclivities only whilst the enemy is in occupation of the portion of the country in which they reside, inasmuch as our own loyal citizens are made to suffer correspondingly by the enemy on the plea of retaliation. I desire you therefore to discountenance and forbid such

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

59 R-SERIES II, VOL IV

