
spoken for over one year to one another, and I believe they Begin to love the Government again and hate the Confederates. When we can get the neighbors to be such it is half of the strength of our Government.

I shall start from here in the morning for Hartville. I hear of parties committing depredations in that vicinity. Not the least depredation has been committed by my men. I enforce the strictest discipline in that respect. But much complaint is made against some of our troops. They would be glad to see us but for this fact. I will send prisoner in with bearer. Will do my duty firmly and judiciously and report often. Send me word if Mr. King delivers his son.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. TOMPKINS,

Major, Commanding Detach. 13th Regiment Cav., Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 27, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a complete list* of Confederate prisoners within this department as known at these headquarters paroled and non-paroled. As there is no suitable place in this department where they can be safely kept the general commanding earnestly desires that some provision be made by the War Department so as to relieve him of the responsibility. No general order (if ever issued) has reached these headquarters appointing a commissary-general of prisoners or designating the place where they are to be kept. Your early attention to this matter is respectfully solicited.

The commanding general left to-day for Southern Kansas on business connected with his duties as auditing officer of irregular claims, as appointed by the War Department, hence my addressing you direct.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, June 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Over 300 prisoners claim to be British subjects and the acting British consul wishes to visit Camp Douglas to investigate these claims. I object. Shall he have permission?

WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 28, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

This Department recognizes no right in the British consul to visit prisoners of war taken in arms with rebels against this Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

