
anything stated as the cause of the act except as in the following paragraph quoted from that letter:

As regards the accusation made by Mr. Hester against Mr. Andrews being a traitor it is as far as we all know entirely without foundation, for he was one that was beloved and respected by all that knew him, more especially by his crew.

Lieutenant Chapman came immediately to London on receipt of my letter (as the shortest route to Gibraltar) and sailed for that port in the mail packet on Monday last, the 27th instant. He should have arrived there yesterday. I instructed Lieutenant Chapman to make full inquiry into the affair and its circumstances and to report them accordingly. In the letters of Mr. Cornwell, the counsel, he reports the earnest request of Hester that I would provide means for his defense, and in his last letter a like earnest request that I would take measures to have the prisoner restored to the jurisdiction of the Confederate States, fearing the result of a trial by the British authorities. He further requests that measures be taken to have certain officers of the Sumter, including Lieutenant Chapman, brought as witnesses on his behalf at his trial.

I can form no opinion of what it may be proper for me to do in the premises until I get the report of Lieutenant Chapman. Should there be reasonable foundation for the alleged belief of Hester that Andrews designed the surrender of the ship to the enemy I shall consider it my duty to do whatever may be found best to give him the full benefit of the proofs he may adduce. On the question of jurisdiction it would certainly be right that he should be tried under the authority of our Government, but even should the jurisdiction be yielded by the British Government, (which in our unrecognized condition is by no means certain) I should be at a great loss to know how to bring the prisoner to trial and what to do with him in the meantime. This, however, can be only or best determined after getting Lieutenant Chapman's report. I have further to state that in the dilemma arising out of his unfortunate affair, and with the entire concurrence and advice of Captains Bulloch and Sinclair, of the Navy, as well as of Lieutenant Chapman, I have determined to have the Sumter sold, and have taken measures to have the sale made by Captain Bulloch, the senior officer in the service here. Her armament and such stores of clothing, &amp;c., as can be used in fitting out other ships will be reserved. Lieutenant Chapman's report shall be transmitted as soon as received to the Secretary of the Navy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. MASON.

HAMPDEN SIDNEY, October 31, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

MY DEAR SIR: In the spring of 1861 a company of young men, students and alumni of Hampden Sidney College, with their president, Rev. Dr. Atkinson, volunteered in the service of the Confederate States under the name of Hampden Sidney Boys. They were mustered into service in the Twentieth [Virginia] Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram commanding, and assigned to the Northwestern Army under General Garnett. At the battle of Rich Mountain the most of this company were made prisoners and paroled by McClellan. The larger part were discharged from service in September, 1861, and I believe all during the following winter and spring. One of them has recently stated in this community that under some decision of your Department

