
all who were thus discharged previous to the passage of the conscript law of last spring were thus unconditionally and finally released from all obligations of military duty except such as they might voluntarily undertake. I have a son who was in that company and several young friends. He and some others have since their exchange re-entered the service as volunteers. But I would be pleased to know certainly whether it is true that their discharge relieves them finally and for this war from all liability to conscription. As early as is consistent with your duties will greatly oblige me and them.

Address, yours, with high regard, &amp;c.,

REV. B. M. SMITH,

Hampden Sidney Post-Office.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT,Vicksburg, October 31, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

SIR: Two days ago we received the prisoners taken at the Bayou des Allemands by General Taylor. They were sent here for exchange. This will be speedily effected except in the cases of four of the men who are surely identified as belonging to the Fort Jackson mutineers by the officers now here, who commanded them at that time. One, a man by the name of Graham, mutinied unconditionally, being of the party who left the fort the evening before its surrender. The other three are of the party who consented to remain under promise of a surrender on the following day. Charges have been prepared against them by their former officers. I would now respectfully ask for instructions as to what disposition shall be made of these men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, Miss., November 1, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON.

GENERAL: Yours of yesterday* asking information as to time, place and circumstances of the murder of William H. White is before me. At my request a full statement of the whole affair was made out and sworn to by the eye-witnesses and sent by me to the President, and there are no papers on file in my office from which I can give you the desired information. My recollection of the affair is clear that the murder was committed in De Soto County not far from the railroad bridge over Coldwater. That his wife, sister and mother were present and the Federal troops were from Illinois. Major Blythe, now commanding a battalion of mounted State troops at Hatchie Bridge, near Holly Springs, and Colonel Frank M. White, president of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad, at Hernando, will give you the information you wish. If neither of these are to be seen you will not fail on your arrival at Holly Springs to find many who can give you all the necessary information.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

