HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,Commanding, &amp;c., Chaffin's Bluff.

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find copy of my letter to Mr. Ould, commissioner for exchange of prisoners. The "restrictions" and "purposes" were understood by the commissioner and myself, and the guard were to allow the commissioner to pass whatever he, the commissioner, might direct, I having given to him my views in regard to the matter. The guard was asked for by the commissioner in order to preserve order. He, the commissioner, had up to that time the entire control, and from the nature of his office and duties must still necessarily be allowed certain discretion. Mr. Aiken, I am informed by Mr. Ould, is the Government agent for supplying commissary stores to the paroled prisoners, and Mr. Aiken's son has assisted Major Ould in his official duties. You will see from my letter to Major Ould, copy of which is sent with this, the extent of his authority (from me) beyond what is strictly official.

I write amidst interruptions and discussions of all sorts and grades.

General French telegraphs that the enemy crossed the Blackwater in force yesterday, again threatening Petersburg and Weldon.

I remain, respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

P. S. -It is expected that the place for delivery of paroled and exchanged prisoners will be changed to City Point, which will be a relief to all. I shall try to go down to Varina Landing soon and will call and see you to look at your new lines as soon as I can get off for a few hours.

G. W. S.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, October 28, 1862.

Major OULD, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

MAJOR: I find that the indulgence granted to Mr. Aiken, at your special request, is producing difficulty and confusion. I am therefore under the necessity of requesting that you will say to him that it can no longer be continued. The "restrictions" and "purposes" of your passes must hereafter be limited to official matters only, excluding the indulgence allowed to Mr. Aiken at your request, viz, that of getting small quantities of family supplies in consideration of the great inconvenience and trouble to which he has been subjected in consequence of the use of his property and premises for the convenience of exchanging prisoners. I send with this several communications from General Wise* which after reading please return.

G. W. SMITH,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT,

Vicksburg, November 1, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.:

I have the honor to report that in accordance with a dispatch from General Pemberton four Federal prisoners have been selected by lot as hostages for the Confederate seized in Tennessee. Their names are

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

