
James E. Gaddy, Company E, Sixth Illinois Cavalry; Bernard Collins, Company E, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry; A. M. Shipman, Company D, Forty-third Ohio Infantry; Nicholas Hoit, Company C, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., November 1, 1862.

Colonel J. E. TOOLE,

Provost-Marshal's Department, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Yours of the-instant advising me of the parole given to Mesrs. Dame, Rogers, Dame, Noe and Rogers came duly to hand. The above-named reported to me on their arrival. By order of Brigadier-General Helm, commanding post, I proceeded to Murfreesborough for the purpose of assisting the exchange, and upon reporting to Major-General Breckinridge, commanding that department, who informed me that there was no precedent for such exchange, and if permitted would result in the arrest of citizens indiscriminately in such portions of the Confederacy as the enemy may hold, and that no permits could be granted to pass the lines for any such purpose, I returned to this post last evening and reported to General Helm, who will refer the matter to major-general commanding department.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. W. PEDEN,

Captain and Deputy Provost-Marshal.

P. S. - General Helm approved the paroles given and the parties are now at home.

C. W. P.

RICHMOND, November 2, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

DEAR GENERAL: You telegraphed me some short time ago to know whether anything had been done toward effecting the exchange of Soule. A proposition has been recently made by our Government to Mr. Wood, the Yankee commissioner of exchanges, who has been in Richmond, to the effect that if the Yankees would give up Mr. Soule and Colonel Thomas Zarvona we would give up two Yankee spies whom we have here under sentence of death. Mr. Wood was quite favorable to the proposition, but had no authority to act. He promised to urge its adoption upon his Government, however. Colonel Ould, our commissioner, told me yesterday that Wood had fallen into disgrace with the abolition Government in Washington (probably because he may have written truthfully of what he has heard and seen in Richmond, or because he may have refused to play spy within our lines) and that they intend to repudiate all his official acts. If this be true, it is not at all likely that the proposition alluded to concerning Soule and Thomas, if favorable recommended by Wood, wold meet the approbation of Lincoln.

* * * * *

Very truly, yours,

WM. PORCHER MILES.

