HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT,Vicksburg, November 2, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: In compliance with your telegraphic order dated yesterday two Vermont prisoners of war have been selected by lot and closely confined subject to your further orders, viz, Edwin Spear, Company G, Eighth Vermont; C. R. Wills, Company G, Eighth Vermont.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., November 4, 1862.

General S. PRICE, Commanding Army of the West.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you detail an officer to proceed to Jackson, Miss., with all paroled Confederate prisoners of your corps and report to General Gregg. A complete roll, giving place taken, when, where and by whom paroled, regiment, camp, &amp;c., will be sent with the officer, to be turned over with the prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. L. LOMAX,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2. Numbers 142. Knoxville, Tenn., November 5, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. A camp will be forthwith established at Chattanooga for the reception of paroled prisoners, officers and men, who will report with the least possible delay to the commander of the same. Lieutenant S. M. McIntosh, Company E, Twenty-seventh Mississippi Volunteers, is hereby appointed to the command of said camp. He will report daily to these headquarters the names of all persons reporting to him, stating their company and regiment to which they belong, when and where captured and paroled. Major Moses J. Wicks, assistant commissary of subsistence, is appointed commissary of said camp and is authorized to draw and issue the subsistence authorized by law on the requisition of the commanding officer of the camp.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Tallahassee, November 6, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to report the recapture of three abolitionist prisoners who made their escape from Macon, Ga. They were apprehended by our pickets on the Apalachicola River on their way to the gun-boats of the enemy. Names, J. W. Woolley, Company B, Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers; James Baldwin, Twenty-third Missouri Volunteers, captured at Shiloh; Charles Hood, sailor, captured on the Aucilla River, Fla.

In addition to the above I have a Spaniard who was wounded at Crystal River, where our men killed the captain and two of the crew

