
This is exclusive of those captured by General E. K. Smith's command before the forces were united and also of some 600 or 700 captured by Major-General Withers' division on the 7th of October, returns of which have not yet been made to me. Duplicates of these lists have been forwarded to Vicksburg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 237. November 9, 1862.

I. All prisoners, officers and men, delivered at Aiken's Bluff, below Richmond, up to the 8th of November are exchanged and will immediately join their commands.

By command of General R. E. LEE:

A. P. MASON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 10, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I am requested by the President to inform you that in a letter received by him he is credibly informed that certain paroled prisoners of war have been placed by General Butler in close custody in the neighborhood of New Orleans, and to give you their names that you may take proper measures for their exchange according to the cartel.

They are:

1. Captain McLean, late of McCulloch Rangers.

2. Captains Losberg, captain of the De Feriet Guards, of the Chalmette Regiment.

3. Captain Batchelor, of Third [First] Regiment Louisiana Regulars. These officers were paroled by Commodore Farragut, but are held in prison by Butler.

4. Captain W. E. Seymour, who was in commission in the service of the State of Louisiana, and a paroled prisoner.

Besides the above there are a number of privates, among them Mr. Davidson, of New Orleans, who were members of corps of partisan rangers enlisted in our service, and who are held by Butler on the pretext that they are guerrillas and not in our service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 12, 1862.

ROBERT OULD, Esq.:

You will present these facts to the enemy's agent and inform him that unless an answer is returned to your various demands and also to the demand of this Government in reference to the execution of Mumford, in New Orleans, which the United States promised to answer in June last, all commissioned officers in our hands will be retained. You will also inform him that fifteen days from the delivery of this note will be allowed for an answer, after which we shall consider the answer delivered and proceed accordingly. You will report the response.

G. W. R.

