
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General WINDER, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: The report of Lieutenant Talley and the orders respecting it cannot be submitted to the commissioner of the United States for any discussion. The paper is simply a record of our own actions and not as a basis for any stipulation. There is no objection to Mr. Ould's being informed of the extent to which we shall discharge the persons in confinement and to claim that there may be corresponding liberality; but beyond this, as before stated, the paper is a domestic paper not intended for the eye of the enemy.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., November 10, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.

MAJOR: Yesterday I submitted to General Pemberton the question whether or not I acted properly in sending back to his regiment George Hughes, who was made a prisoner by the Federal forces at Saint Louis, Mo., previous to his having become a soldier, and afterwards came South and joined our army, and came a day or two ago to be received into the camp of paroled prisoners. Since forwarding a communication from the major of his regiment there has arisen the question whether the parole of a citizen who has not yet joined the army is to be considered binding so as to prevent him from entering the service? It becomes necessary also to decide what course shall be taken with a soldier who when taken prisoner took an oath of allegiance to the United States and returned home with a certified copy of it. The decision of these questions by General Pemberton will relieve me of some embarrassment.

Very respectfully,

JOHN GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 84. Richmond, November 10, 1862.

I. The following orders are published for the information and guidance of the Army:

II. Whereas, reliable information has been received that Colonel [William W.] Lowe [Fifth Iowa Cavalry] and Colonel A. C. Hardin, Eighth [Eighty-third] Illinois Regiment, U. S. Army, have been engaged in a series of wanton cruelties and depredations in Clarksville, Tenn., and the surrounding counties, which in many instances have resulted in the arrest, incarceration and maltreatment of non-combatants and peaceful citizens of the Confederate States, and in others in the unjustifiable destruction of private property without compensation and contrary to the rules and practice of civilized warfare; therefore it is ordered that the aforesaid Colonel [William W.] Lowe [Fifth Iowa Cavalry] and Colonel A. C. Harding, Eighth [Eighty-third] Illinois Volunteers, U. S. Army, be and they are hereby declared no longer entitled to be

