
regarded as soldiers and that they have forfeited all claim to the benefits of the cartel existing between the Governments of the Confederate States and the United States for the exchange of prisoners of war; and further, in the event of their capture they shall be kept in close confinement and treated as felons until otherwise ordered by the President of the Confederate States.

III. And whereas, other officers of the U. S. Army yet unknown to the Confederate Government are represented and believed to have participated in the wrongs and outrages before referred to; therefore it is also ordered, that the provisions of the first paragraph of this order shall be applicable to any other officers of the Federal army in the State of Tennessee upon proof of their guilt deemed satisfactory by the commanding officer of the department in which they may be captured and held.

IV. And whereas, Major General John Pope has been removed from the Federal army operating in Virginia and the obnoxious order (Numbers 11) of July 23, 1862, issued by him, has been stated by the U. S. authorities to be inoperative and without effect; therefore it is ordered, that so much of General Orders, Numbers 54, of August 1, 1862, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, as applies to the said Major-General Pope and the officers serving under him in Virginia be, and is hereby, rescinded.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, November 12, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN GREGG, Jackson, Miss.:

Send the paroled Virginia prisoners to the camp here if their regiments are in the Eastern armies.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., November 12, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, Petersburg, Va.:

Major Ould, the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, has just informed me that the point for delivering paroled and exchanged prisoners is changed from Varina Landing to City Point. Make your dispositions to receive returned prisoners there on Saturday next, and provide a camp for them in the vicinity of Petersburg until they are exchanged and ordered to their regiments.

G. W. SMITH,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, November 12, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.

GENERAL: * * * I sent you a telegram to-day informing you that the place for delivering paroled prisoners was changed to City Point and directed the adjutant-general, Major Melton, to send a letter of instructions. The commissioner, Major Ould, will go over to-morrow, and I send an officer of my staff to confer with your officers in

