
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 72. Washington, June 28, 1862.

I. Whenever sick men, paroled prisoners or others, under circumstances entitling them to their descriptive lists and accounts of pay and clothing, &amp;c., are sent away from their regiments or being already separated from their regiments are discharged from any hospital or moved from point to point in a body, they will be put under charge of a trusty officer or non-commissioned officer--to be selected if possible from their own number--who will exercise command over the party and conduct it to its destination. And to this officer or non-commissioned officer will be confided the descriptive lists of all, for the safe-keeping of which until properly turned over with each soldier he will be held strictly accountable. Detailed instructions in writing for his guidance and government during the journey will in every case if possible be furnished to such officer by his last commander. And should he himself be compelled to make any detachments from his party he will in each case observe the same rules.

II. That paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 65, of June 12, 1862, which authorizes the discharge when requested by them of paroled prisoners is hereby rescinded.

III. No more furloughs will be granted to paroled prisoners. All furloughs heretofore given to them are hereby revoked, and all prisoners now at large on their parole or who may hereafter be paroled by the rebel authorities will immediately repair, if belonging to regiments raised in the New England and Middle States, to the Camp of Instruction established near Annapolis, Md. ; if belonging to regiments raised in the States of Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan to Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio; if belonging to regiments raised in the States of Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and Missouri to the camp near Jefferson Barracks, Mo., and report for such duty compatible with their parole as may be assigned to them by the officers in command of said camps. And all whether officers or soldiers who fail to comply with this order within the space of time necessary for them to do so will be accounted deserters and dealt with accordingly.

The attention of all commanding, mustering and recruiting officers is particularly directed to this order and they are required to use their utmost exertions not only to give it the widest circulation in their neighborhoods, but to see that it is faithfully carried out. And their Excellencies the Governors of the several States are respectfully solicited to lend their efforts to the same end.

IV. The transportation necessary to a compliance with this order can on application be procured from the Governors of the several States or from the U. S. mustering or commanding officers in the various cities within them.

V. The commanders of the different Camps of Instruction to which paroled men are sent will have them organized into companies and battalions, keeping those of the same regiment and of the same State as much together as possible, and will have correct muster-rolls of them made out and forwarded to this office, and on the 15th day of every muster month will furnish a list of them to the company commanders, from whom it return they will procure full and exact descriptive lists of each man and accounts of the pay, clothing, &c., due to or from him to the Government.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

