
as well as of the service, that every energy possible should be exerted to perfect the necessary arrangements at the earliest moment. It is to be regretted that earlier notice could not be given of this change. The major-general commanding trusts, however, that acting upon the intimation given you some time since of the proposed change, you are not entirely unprepared for it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, November 12, 1862.

Notice is hereby given that all prisoners captured and paroled in Virginia and Maryland before November 1 are exchanged, as are all delivered at Aiken's Bluff up to November 11. Such of these classes as are present with their commands will at once return to duty, and commanders will take steps to cause the return of those that may be absent awaiting exchange.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 86. Richmond, November 12, 1862.

I. The following notice of the officers and men who have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war is published for the information of all concerned:

EXCHANGE NOTICE, Numbers 3.] RICHMOND, VA., November 11 1862.

1. All Confederate officers and men who have been captured and paroled in Virginia or Maryland at any time from the beginning of hostilities to the 1st of November, 1862, have been duly exchanged and are hereby so declared.

2. All Confederate officers and men who have been delivered at Aiken's Lading, on James River, at any time previous to the 11th of November, 1862, have been duly exchanged and are hereby so declared.

3. All Confederate officers and men who have been delivered at Vicksburg, Miss., previous to the 1st of November, 1862, and including said date, have been duly exchanged and are hereby so declared.

ROBERT OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

II. All officers and men who have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war will without delay join their respective regiments and corps.

By order of

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, November 13, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

All Confederate officers and men who have been delivered at Vicksburg up to November 1, including that date, are exchanged.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

