HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va, November 13, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH,Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.

GENERAL: I sent you a telegram yesterday the moment Major Ould informed me that the point for delivering paroled prisoners had [been changed to] City Point. Anticipating that there might be some delay or misapprehension on account of your absence I sent over an officer of my staff with instructions to confer with and assist in preparing for the reception of prisoners on Saturday next with directions to see that everything was done that could be to enable us to receive and take proper care of the prisoners that may arrive on Saturday. From a letter received from him to-day it is fortunate that he went over. I hope that on your return you will be enabled to make such permanent arrangements as will enable you to accommodate and take care of all paroled prisoners who may arrive. Smallpox has several times broken out among them and your medical officers will have to take measures for preventing the spread of diseases of a contagious character. I have not yet been able to procure heavy guns for the obstructions at Hamilton, Kinston, &amp;c., but hope to be able to do so.

Your telegram of to-day from Rocky Mount is received. I infer from it that you have sent the four regiments to Wilmington. Write me fully on all points of interest as soon after your return as convenient.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,November 13, 1862.

Captain TURNER, Commanding Prisons.

SIR: Please inform me whether there is a man in your custody whom I can place in irons as a hostage for Mr. Smith, who was connected with the burning of the Alleghanian and since captured.

Respectfully,

J. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, November 13, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER.

SIR: In reply to yours in reference to a suitable person to be placed in irons as a hostage for Mr. Smith I have to reply that we have the following prisoners from the U. S. Navy: Paymaster of steamer Daylight and two ensigns belonging to the gun-boat Mount Vernon and the U. S. steamer Daylight. Either of the above I think would be suitable to be held as a hostage.

Your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

P. S. -There are also eighteen sailors belonging to these steamers, taken on the 6th of November at Fort Fisher, on the North Carolina coast.

RICHMOND, November 13, 1862.

Honorable G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to return herewith the letter of October 7, directing prisoners to be selected in return for those brought here from

