
transferred to the civil authority for speedy and proper proceedings under the process, and this shall be done without reference to the cause the person may espouse.

3. No marauding parties and no wanton or illegal interference with the property of citizens shall be tolerably by either party, and offenders against this article shall be brought to speedy justice.

Signed by William P. Wood and Sidney S. Baxter and to take effect when signed and ratified by Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War of the United States, and George W. Randolph, Secretary of War of the Confederate States.

S. S. BAXTER,

For George W. Randolph, Secretary.

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

For E. M. Stanton, U. S. Secretary of War.

[Inclosure D.]

Memorandum of agreement between W. P. Wood, agent of E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War of the United States, and S. S. Baxter, agent of George W. Randolph, Secretary of War of the Confederate States, in relation to certain citizen prisoners held by their respective Governments.

It is agreed the parties shall have lists made of the Kentucky, Tennessee and North Carolina prisoners held in Richmond and in Salisbury. Such of these prisoners as declare their adherence and loyalty to the Government of the United States shall be delivered to the agent of the United States when the articles signed this day by the said Wood and the said Baxter are ratified by their respective principals, subject to this rule, that for prisoners delivered from each State an equivalent is to be furnished in prisoners from that State. And as the said Wood believes that there has been released from custody by the Government of the United States eighteen or nineteen prisoners held from North Carolina for whom no equivalent has been given or received, on producing evidence of the unconditional release of that number of prisoners he shall be entitled to an equivalent therefor in North Carolinians professing fidelity and loyalty to the Government of the United States and against whom there is no charge of specified crimes other than loyalty to the Government of the United States, if there be so many confined under the charge of General Winder.

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

For the United States.

S. S. BAXTER,

Agent for Confederate States.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, November 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following facts to the general commanding and beg that they may be referred to the Secretary of War for his decision:

A few days since Captain Brailsford, of the Lamar Rangers, landed on Saint Catherine's Island and while there encountered six negroes in Federal uniforms with arms (muskets) in their hands. Captain B. killed two of them and captured the other four. One of these negroes,

60 R R-SERIES II, VOL IV

