
a boy named Manuel, is now in the possession of Messrs. Blount &amp; Dawson, negro brokers in this city, for sale, to prevent which I have just ordered one of my officers to take him out of their hands and to lodge him in jail, there to await the decision of Mr. Randolph.

It I may be permitted to express an opinion upon this subject I most earnestly request that these negroes be made an example of. They are slaves taken with arms in hand against their masters and wearing the abolition uniform. Some swift and terrible punishment should be inflicted that their fellows may be deterred from following their example.

This is by no means the first case that has arisen and I much fear unless something be done to prevent similar outrages it will not be the last.

Feeling assured that the commanding general will see the necessity of speedy action in the matter,

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, November 17, 1862.

The general instructions of the War Department respectfully requested for my guidance in such cases.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the President. With his concurrence my decision is that the negro be executed as an example.

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 17, 1862.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find a slip* from the Memphis Daily Appeal of the 3rd instant, containing an account purporting to be derived from the Palmyra (Missouri) Courier, a Federal journal, of the murder of ten Confederate citizens of Missouri by General McNeil, of the U. S. Army. You will communicate by flag of truce with the Federal officer commanding that department and ascertain if the facts are as stated. If they be so you will demand the surrender of General McNeil to the Confederate authorities and if this demand is not complied with you will inform said commanding officer that you are ordered to execute the first ten U. S. officers who may be captured and fall into your hands.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Abbeville, Miss., November 17, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES, near La Grange:

I have to reply, in answer to your communication relative to Captain Haywood's company of partisan rangers, I have made necessary in-

---------------

*See Holmes to Curtis, Series I, Vol. XXII, Part I, p. 816.

---------------

