
quiries relative to this company and find that he received full and proper authority to raise a battalion of cavalry and that they belong regularly to the Confederate service and are entitled to all the rights of Confederate troops.

I wish to inquire if Captain S. O. Silence, U. S. Army, recruiting officer First Tennessee Cavalry, has been accepted in exchange for Lieutenant C. Sulivane, my aide-de-camp, captured at Hatchie Bridge and paroled. Captain S. O. Silence, U. S. Army, was sent with Lieutenant-Colonel Ducat, U. S. Army, who bore a flag of truce to these headquarters from General Rosecrans about the 20th of October, 1862.

I have also the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Captain T. W. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain William Clark, assistant commissary of subsistence, captured at and near Holly Springs, who are received and acknowledged as prisoners of war, and their names will be sent as others to the proper authorities for exchange.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., November 17, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.

MAJOR: I have in custody six men captured as Yankee soldiers who are charged with enlisting in Alabama, being residents of that State. Shall I send them to Governor Shorter to be tried or shall they be exchanged? I will be glad to have this question answered by General Pemberton or by the Secretary of War.

Respectfully,

JOHN GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

RICHMOND, November 18, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I inclose a letter of Mr. Province McCormick, of Clarke County, Va., relative to the imprisonment of two citizens of that county imprisoned upon arrests made by the Federal troops. I know these citizens and ask the Government to take the necessary steps for their release. They are very respectable and loyal men and valuable as such to the region of country in which they live.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. TUCKER.

[Inclosure.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1862.

J. R. TUCKER, Esq.

MY DEAR SIR: Thomas H. Crow and William H. Carter, both of whom you know, were taken by the Federal soldiers some months ago as hostages for two men, Richmond and Stoll, who were arrested and taken to Richmond by our soldiers. Mr. Ryan, who will hand you this, can explain the facts touching these arrests. I understand Richmond was shot at Richmond in attempting to make his escape from prison; that Stoll has been recently release and is now at home. Crow and Carter are still in confinement at Fort McHenry, Baltimore. They

