
have suffered months of imprisonment without cause except as hostages. Will you do them and their families the favor of representing the subject-matter to the proper authorities at Richmond and asking prompt action thereon? I know you will at once and without delay.

Truly,

P. McCORMICK.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, November 19, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector-General.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit copies of correspondence through flag of truce between Major-General Butler,* U. S. Army, and myself, together with incomplete purported copy of proceedings of court-martial# held or said to have been held somewhere in Louisiana west of Mississippi River; also copy of my letter## to commanding general U. S. forces at Memphis, Tenn., in relation to the murder of W. H. White. No reply has as yet been received to this last communication.

I am just informed that Captain W. W. Faulkner, commanding Kentucky Battalion of Partisan Rangers, who was captured in West Tennessee with sixteen of his men, has been sent to the military prison at Alton, Ill., the men with him; also a Captain Meriwether, Lieutenant L. H. Johnson and Lieutenant Blakemore. General Grant U. S. Army, it is said refused to recognize them as entitled to the benefit of the late cartel for exchange of prisoners. These case of partisan corps are constantly arising. I shall demand their release on parole as other prisoners, but am of the opinion that this matter should be brought to the attention of United States Government. I have at present very few U. S. prisoners in my hands upon whom retaliation can be exercised. All I have, however, will be kept in close confinement until I shall receive instructions from War Department or until all our prisoners whom I know to be in their hands are paroled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., November 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General GREGG.

SIR: Upon examination of the books and papers in the provost[-marshal's] office I find that there are no Federal officers from Indiana regiments in confinement here. There is a Federal prisoner by the name of Spencer Kellogg confined in the penitentiary August 20, 1862, and charged with being a deserter and spy. He is represented by witnesses against him as having been in the Confederate service and was afterwards captured as a Federal naval officer. This is the only account that I can discover of Federal officers in confinement here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. D. GARDEN,

Lieutenant.

---------------

*Omitted here; Butler to Pemberton, November 13, p. 708; Pemberton to Butler, November 18, p. 725.

#For copy of the court-martial proceedings see p. 709.

##Omitted here; Pemberton to general commanding U. S. forces, &amp;c., November 12, p. 702.

---------------

