HEADQUARTERS, November 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MARMADUKE, Commanding Advance.

GENERAL: I directed you to parole the Federal sick left in hospital at Fayetteville. You report that before you could execute the order they were taken as prisoners by the provost-guard and sent below.

You will send a flag to General Blunt informing him of these facts and requesting a list of the names of these men. When that list is furnished these men will be paroled and sent to the nearest Federal post, Helena, they now being at Little Rock. I am desirous that the circumstances shall be properly represented to General Blunt because it is against the practice of the Confederate States or their officers to deal with sick men as unfortunately was done in this case.

General Blunt has I understand a number of citizens in custody as hostages for the paroling of the men referred to. Let him be informed that I am influenced by no threat of punishing those citizens, whose arrest is a great outrage, but by the sole consideration that the men left sick in hospital were taken as prisoners against my express orders and contrary to our custom.

Respectfully,T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, November 20, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States.

SIR: Having been so unfortunate as to fall a prisoner into the hands of the enemy near the Rappahannock on the 6th day of this month I have made use of every opportunity to get useful information for our generals while in their hands, which I had a good opportunity to do the first five days of my captivity as I was not confined closely.

In the first place I ascertained that General Burnside's army only consists of seven corps all told, and that their original number was much reduced by sickness, desertion, &amp;c. I was sent from Warrenton to Washington on the 13th instant after being paroled and then sent to the Old Capitol Prison and locked up and a guard placed at the door, all of which has been duly set out and forwarded to you through the Secretary of War for action. While running at large in their lines at Warrenton many of their privates came to me secretly and asked what disposition would be made with them when taken prisoners. I informed them that our Government would send them home, which gave great satisfaction to them. I find that their object is to get back home in some way and not go through the hands of their officers. I do not think their army will fight with confidence as there is much dissatisfaction at General McClellan's dismissal.

I was informed that eight-tenths of the citizens of Washington were as much opposed to Mr. Lincoln's Administration as ever. Two or three regiments laid down their arms when the news of General McClellan's dismissal came. Others were ordered to arrest and march them off and refused to obey, which was the secret of General Halleck's visit to camp. This is beyond question, as the officers were loud and open in my hearing to denounce Mr. Lincoln for the removal. I heard officers remark that they hoped the rebel army might cut them all to pieces, and similar other remarks.

I was also credibly informed that General Banks is soon to command a large fleet to sail in a few weeks from Fortress Monroe against our Southern ports. Did not ascertain the time or number. I was told

