
in Washington that Mr. Lincoln was shot at in the daytime last week while walking out but it was not ascertained by whom. The officials I conversed with about the war did not seem to have that confidence in their immediate success of subjugating us, but said it would and must eventually be done; that they would fill their work and machine shops with foreigners to send every man at the North against us but they would conquer us, and I think that project is being put on foot to bring out every man against us.

I am the same individual that wrote to you from Sumter County, Ala., last fall, one year ago, about General Burnside's fleet, which turned out to be exactly the programme I informed you of. I am now attached to General Longstreet's staff and have command of his (corps) provost-guard and have nearly broken up the straggling from the army. I will close by asking your assistance to have me exchanged as soon as possible as I am desirous to be present at the next battle.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. BLOUNT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Provost-Marshal First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

[First indorsement.]

Valuable information and request desiring attention.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

Preserve this letter and address Mr. Ould, requesting his attention to the closing passage.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 21, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: Upon the recommendation of S. S. Baxter, esq., you are directed to dispose of the following citizen prisoners in the manner indicated: M. Radcliffe, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and transportation home furnished him; Ballard Trent, Eli Mason, to be discharged and sent home under the care of M. Radcliffe, and transportation home be furnished; Charles Clinton, John Dressler, to be paroled and permitted to work at their trades; Pat. Tiernan, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; James Amsco (a boy), to be discharged; James Smith, John A. English, John Baxter, Alden Tucker, James Campbell, Thomas Mercer, A. Robinson, Charles Bibb, James Bibb, Albert Shanks, William Kenney, N. C. Hartman, Harvey Robinson, J. H. Kelley and Elias Rhea, to be held as citizen prisoners, who adhere to the United States, until they may be tried in Tennessee, or determine to give their allegiance to the Confederate States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 21, 1862.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Commanding, &c., Petersburg, Va.

GENERAL: The case of William H. Moore and the questions involved in it have been carefully reconsidered and I am instructed to say that

