
can be regarded by us. In General Orders, Numbers 64, paragraph 5, this Department said:

It is hereby announced that no oath of allegiance to the United States and no parole by a person not in military service pledging himself not to bear arms against the United States will be regarded as an exemption from service in the armies of the Confederate States, but persons liable to conscription taking such oath or giving such parole will be enrolled for service. If captured by the enemy they will be demanded as prisoners of war.

This order bears date in September last. It shows the settled opinion of the Department that Mr. Godfrey is not rightfully a prisoner and that we regard his parole as imposing no obligation upon this Department. The Department will not interfere to grant Mr. Godfrey a passport to cross our lines.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS WHITE'S BATTALION, November 24, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: In pursuance of advice received at the hands of General Robert E. Lee I address you this note of inquiry. On the 7th of March last I was arrested by the Federal troops and held as a prisoner, and being taken sick deemed it a duty to myself to get released from prison where I could have no comfort or care, and as I could only effect a release by taking the oath I did so. Now I desire to know whether the Confederate Government will protect me as it does other prisoners when taken, and if not will it force me to take up arms when the consequences of my capture would be certain death? I have identified myself with White's cavalry battalion and ask to be placed on the same footing with other prisoners should I be so unfortunate as to be captured, or if in conformity with the rules of the Confederate Government to be discharged from the service. I was taken prisoner because I was trying to raise a company for the Confederate service and because I was lieutenant-colonel of the militia that had been engaged on the fortifications erected by General D. H. Hill at Leesburg last winter. I do not desire to be released from the service if I can serve her nobly and fare as others fare when captured. Your speedy attention is requested to this note. Any communication addressed to me, care of Major E. V. White, White's cavalry battalion, will reach me.

Very respectfully,THOS. W. WHITE.

[Indorsement.]

Answer the letter that this Government does not recognize the paroles that were extorted from prisoners who were not engaged in hostilities between the Confederate States and the United States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. C.,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 25, 1862.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Commissioner, &amp;c.

SIR: The case of Major Jordan, of the Pennsylvania cavalry, a prisoner, has been considered by the Department. The testimony against Major Jordan convicts him merely of being a ruffian and a brute. He

