
has not committed any overt act of violation of the law of war which will deprive him of the privileges of that law. You will therefore deal with him as a proper subject for parole or exchange under the cartel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Peach Creek, Miss., November 25, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Jackson, Miss.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I wrote to the Federal authorities at Helena, Ark., as directed by you. They returned my letter saying to Lieutenant Musgrave, the bearer of the dispatches, that they could not recognize a communication from a captain, and if you wished to communicate with that department you could do so directly.

General, hoping you will take some steps to relieve Private Morris,I remain, your obedient servant,

W. C. MAXWELL,

Captain, Commanding Peach Creek Rangers.

RICHMOND, November 27, 1862.

General JOHN GREGG:

Refer to General Pemberton the case of prisoners mentioned in your dispatch. He will exercise a sound discretion in receiving and distributing them to different companies on their taking the oath of allegiance to the Confederacy. Our own citizens who enlist in the Federal service must when captured be regarded like other captives or prisoners of war.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, November 27, 1862.

Captain TURNER, Commanding C. S. Prisons.

SIR: You will call upon Major Griswold, Captain Warner and Captain Alexander to deliver to you all of the negro prisoners now in their possession and to give an account of all that have been delivered to them. You will please attend to this immediately.

By order of General Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 279. Richmond, November 28, 1862.

* * * *

VI. M. W. de Bolle is appointed an assistant agent for the exchange of prisoners at Vicksburg, Miss., and will receive out of the appropriation of contingencies for the army the pay of captain of infantry while so acting.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

