
Jefferson Barracks and Sisters'. Besides the places mentioned in your list east of the Mississippi there are a few prisoners of war sick at the Keokuk Hospital and the Mound City, Ill., Hospital. There is also according to report a number of sick prisoners left at Camp Randall, Madison, Wis.

Very respectfully,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ROLLA, MO., [June] 28, 1862.

Colonel BOYD.

COLONEL: By order of General Schofield I am under arrest and in close confinement, charged with the most heinous of crimes--outlaw and a murderer. If I could conceive that it was possible for me to be guilty of those crimes I should feel a remorse more stinging than the loss of confidence in me by the department, which is severe. I was never more astonished than when I read the order of my arrest. Severe and dangerous duties to perform and of the most unpleasant kind and that by positive order, and when I have done that conscientiously I find myself in arrest. It may be that I was injudicious in wording my report. I kept no copy. It was worded in view of facts known to you. I remember this sentence, "They will trouble us no more. " I had been five times after Moses Bradford and I suppose ten trips have been made by others. The trouble is over unless let loose by a commission.

I hope a speedy examination will be made in my case. I am ready to answer to any charge. I feel a consciousness in trying to do my duty to man and my Government. I have no revenge to gratify.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. TOMPKINS,

Major, Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Wheeling, June 28, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 25th instant. I inclose general orders on the subject of prisoners and the duties of provost-marshals, issued by Major General J. C. Fremont, commanding this department. All prisoners are forwarded to Wheeling and from Wheeling to Camp Chase. A few only are kept here. I can report daily to you the arrest and release of prisoners, with charges against them if desired. I am about to visit several posts in the department to insure as far as possible regularity in all matters appertaining to the duties of provost-marshals. I have endeavored to systematize my business as far as practicable and would be pleased to have you visit my office on your inspecting tour. All the evidence against prisoners is on file here. Every case comes under my personal supervision. Duplicate lists of prisoners of war and of citizen prisoners will be promptly forwarded when the rolls by express arrive. I shall be prepared at any moment to give all the information in my possession regarding prisoners that have passed through my hands. Many of the citizen prisoners sent from this department are held for safe-keeping until the civil authority is re-established in Western Virginia and they

