
can be indicted for aiding in this rebellion. No prisoner is released without taking the inclosed oath* of allegiance and frequently giving bond besides. I should be pleased to have an interview with you here, at Camp Chase or Detroit, as you may desire.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major, First West Virginia Cavalry, Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 21. Wheeling, April 30, 1862.

All arrests whatsoever by provost-marshals at posts, camps or other localities within this department will be immediately reported to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters, reports to be accompanied with full descriptions of prisoners taken and statement of charges upon which arrested, together with such other information touching case presented as may be necessary or useful for department files. Regular returns of all persons in custody or released within the month will be made monthly to the provost-marshal at department headquarters or at such other times as he may specially designate, having in view the interests of the service. Commanders of districts, posts and camps will exercise such supervision as shall insure the faithful carrying out of this order by provost-marshals appointed by them or under their control.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

HENRY THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,

Wheeling, Va., April 30, 1862.

The following instructions from the general commanding are transmitted for your government in the cases specified:

1. Prisoners will not be surrendered to the U. S. marshal until they are indicted.

2. When the major-general commanding is in the field and it is not convenient to communicate with him on urgent cases they shall be referred to the department judge-advocate, Major R. M. Corwine, for his opinion and direction.

3. Persons who are charged with disloyalty and sent to prison by the order of any commanding officer of a division, brigade, regiment or post shall be sent to Camp Chase to await the order of the Secretary of War.

4. Persons arrested who are charged with having served under the rebel Government, whether in the military, judicial, executive or legislative departments, will not be discharged, but will at once be committed to Camp Chase, with a statement embodying a history of their case, there to await the order of the War Department.

5. All persons taken with arms in their hands who shall have been actually engaged as guerrillas at the time of their capture shall be tried by military commission at the headquarters of the nearest brigade commander and the proceedings in each case submitted for final decision to the general commanding the department.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

7 R R--SERIES II, VOL IV

