
6. The arrest of all persons will be promptly reported to Major Joseph Darr, Jr., provost-marshal-general, headquarters Wheeling, Va., and particular care will be taken whenever practicable to forward with a descriptive list of the prisoners complete and sworn evidence against them. Prisoners will in no instance be sent out of this department without a report to the provost-marshal-general.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

H. THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, VA., June 26, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Chase.

SIR: All prisoners sent from this department to your post will be held until released by Secretary of War or by order of commander of this department. Any application or order from any other civil or military authority for release of prisoners sent from this department will be referred to Major R. M. Corwine, department judge-advocate, Cincinnati, Ohio, or to myself. In general all prisoners should be held subject only to the order of the Secretary of War and the commander of the department from which the prisoners are forwarded. In the case of the Kentucky prisoners General Boyle should direct the transfer to Lexington. Notify me of the release by Secretary of War of prisoners sent from here. Papers in case of Stover referred to Secretary of War. Prisoners sent from this department to your post will not be permitted to leave it on parole without orders from the Secretary of War or these headquarters, or Major R. M. Corwine, Cincinnati, Ohio, and the report will be made to this office. *

By order Major General J. C. Fremont:

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

Copy of forms used in Mountain Department, forwarded to office of Commissary-General of Prisoners by Major Joseph Darr, Jr., provost-marshal-general, June 28, 1862.

Form of descriptive list of prisoners.

No.	 Name. 	 Residence.	 Date of	 By whom	 Remarks.

 	 	 arrest. 	 arrested.

DESCRIPTION.

Height.

Comple-	 Hair. 	 Feet.	 In-	 Eyes. 	 Age. 	 Whiskers

xion. 	 	 	 ches.

---------------

*See foot-note at p. 85.

---------------

