
tain Henderson has not been in Wyoming Country since Floyd's retreat. The rebel Captain Cook was heard of some two of three weeks since in said country, but had left some time since. I am satisfied also that there are no rebel forced country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McMAHAN

Major Second West Va. Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel J. C. PAXTON, Second West Virginia Vol. Cav.

FEBRUARY 6, 1863.-Skirmish at or near Millwood, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES UPPER POTOMAC,Harper's Ferry, Va., February 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to report that information has been received that the stage-coach running between Martinsburg and Winchester was captured of Friday evening last near Bunker Hill by 8 or 10 guerrillas, and several officers and citizens taken prisoners. They were, however, subsequently retaken at or near Millwood by a force sent out by General Milroy, which attacked the capturing party, killed 1, and took 1 prisoner. This information is derived from once of the passengers who was captured, and is reliable. General Milroy has made no report of the circumstances.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. K. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH, Asst. Adjt. General, Baltimore, Md.

FEBRUARY 6, 1863.-Skirmish at Wiggenton's Mills, Aquia Creek, Va.

Reports of Major Reuben Reinhold, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.+
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,February 7, 1863.

Sir: I have the honor to report that 1 o'clock Friday morning the 6th, the picket post, consisting of 16 men, in command of Lieutenant English, at Wigenston's Mills, was attacked ba a force of about 35 men, 20 mounted and 15 dismounted; they killed 2 men, wounded Lieutenant English, and took 10 prisoners and 15 horses. Lieutenant English and 4 men effected their escape, aided by the darkness of the night and the thick undergrowth of pines adjoining the post. The following is a list of the killed and prisoners.++

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

REUBEN REINHOLD,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major H. BALDWIN, Jr.

Asst. Adjt. General, Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

---------------

* See Milroy to Schenck, February 10, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

+ See Butterfield to Meade, February 6, in "Correspondence, etc.,"

Part II

++ List, omitted, shows 2 killed and 10 prisoners.

---------------

