
pike, and had advanced from point to point until he had nearly reached the open ground. He pressed forward, and came to my assistance after the guns under my command had been engaged about half an hour. Major [R. A.] Hardaway was also with Major Braxton at these works with several rifled pieces. The fire from this line of some twenty-five guns was heavy and effective, forcing the enemy's batteries near Chancellor's ;house to retire in three' fourths of an hour. The guns were then advanced to the lane taken on the turnpike, and temporary works were constructed. Occasional firing was done on this line.

About 2 p. m. Colston's division was ordered to advance through the woods and attack the enemy . Captain [R. C. M.] Page's battery of Napoleuos went forward on the United States Ford road to assist this division. It was engaged from time for about three-fourths of an hour, when, the attack of the infantry having failed, General Stuart ordered it to return.

By order of General Lee, Major Hardaway took charge of twelve rifled pieces and moved to the vicinity of Banks' ford and opened fire upon their wagon train and the ford. He took with him four guns from my battalion-two under command of Captain [C. . W.] Fry and two under command of Captain Carter. He will doubtless give a detailed account of his operations on this occasion.

I desire to mention the admirable conduct of Captain Page's company and of two detachments under Captain Carrington, Jones' battalion; of two under Lieutenant [W. A.] Massie, Fry's battery, and one under Lieutenant [L. D.] Robinson, Carter's battery. [Captain William J.] Reese's battery served mostly with Colonel Jones.

Major Braxton speaks in terms of praise of Captains Carter's and Fry's companies, which served more especially under him than myself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. CARTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Colonel J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

P. S.- Loss in this battle, 9 killed and 37 wounded.

Numbers 396. Reports of Major General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S DIVISION,May 7, 1863.

MAJOR: About daylight on the 29 the ultimo, the enemy crossed a the mouth of Deep [Run] and latter near Pratt's house, below. On receiving information of the first movement, I immediately moved my division into line on the railroad, the right resting at Hamilton's Crossing and the left at Deep Run. I occupied the river road in front with three regiments, and thus kept the enemy from advancing to that road.

The residue of the troops having in the meantime been brought up, on the afternoon of the 30th, I received instructions from Lieutenant-General Jackson to remain behind with my division and one of McLaws' brigades (Barksdale's), to observe the enemy, while the residue of the troops, were removed to the left. General Pendleton, with a portion of his Reserve Artillery, and Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.] Andrew, with his

