
battle with a zeal and ability worthy of all praise, as did also Lieutenant Hinrichs, of the Engineers, who acted during the battle as aide-de-camp. Lieutenant James T. Tosh, my own aide-de-camp, behaved with a daring and bravery which cannot be surpassed, and aided me materially more than once in rallying and pushing forward some portions of the line momentarily wavering under the superior numbers and withering fire of the enemy.

I also wish to express my high appreciation of the skillful, zealous, and able manner in which Dr. R. T. Coleman, division surgeon, discharged the duties of his office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. COLSTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 398. Report of Lieutenant Oscar Hinrichs, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

HEADQUARTERS TRIMBLE'S DIVISION, May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: As requested by you, I have the honor to make the following report of what I have seen of the engagements of May 2 and 3:

Our line was formed first near and in rear of the Luckett house, on the dirt, road, about 5 miles from Chancellorsville, in the following order: Colonel [E. T. H.] Warren, commanding Third Brigade, with his left resting on the dirt road and stretching across a small piece of open and cleared land, his right resting in a piece of thick, scrubby woods; General Nicholls, commanding Fourth Brigade, was posted on Colonel Warren's right, in the woods just mentioned; General Jones, commanding Second Brigade, was posted on the left side of the dirt road, his right resting on Colonel Warren's left and stretching into the woods on the left. Soon after the formation was completed, a change was ordered to the following effect: Colonel Warren was to form on the left of General Ramscur's brigade, then occupying a portion of the second line; General Jones on the left of Colonel Warren; General Nicholls on the left of General Jones. This formation threw nearly the whole command on the left of the road, leaving only a fraction of a regiment on the right. Before this movement could be executed, owing to the difficulty of moving the troops through the woods, another formation was ordered, which threw the entire command on the left of the road. General Nicholls on coming up formed on the left of General Pender's brigade, by mistake, which threw him in the rear of our line.

In the meantime the advance was ordered at 6 p. m. precisely. Two pieces of Stuart's Horse Artillery occupied a position in the road, and opened simultaneously with our first line on the enemy. The first discharge was very heavy-so much so that General Rodes' men, who occupied the first line on our division front, apparently faltered and were overrun by our division, owing, first, to the eagerness of the men, and, secondly, to the probable fact of General Jackson's having ordered the attack to be vigorous. The men, now mixed up with those of General Rodes, pushed forward at a double-quick, which was only checked into a quick-step by the enemy and the natural difficulties of the ground.

64 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

