
movement in which they completely succeeded. The balance of the night passed in comparative quiet. The time of firing was probably between 11 and 12 p. m.

Sunday morning, May 3, opened with an order to form the division (now again organized into a compact command) on the right and left of the Plank road, Paxton's and Nicholls' brigades on the left, Warren and Jones on the right. Jones, owing to Pender occupying a portion of the breastworks captured from the enemy during the preceding evening, was held in reserve. The formation then stood: Pender and Warren in the breastworks, or near the same, on the right, with Jones in reserve; Paxton and Nicholls on the left. The attack commenced soon after broad daylight, by our driving the enemy from their line of intrenchments up and beyond the hill in our advance. Being heavily re-enforced, they reoccupied their line, driving Rodes like chaff, and forced our line until rallied by General Colston and staff. At this critical moment, Major [W. D.] McKim was sent for Paxton's brigade, and, finding the process of rallying the men succeeding, I started for the Second Brigade, which two brigades came just in time to preserve our line and drive the enemy before them. Assistance was now also rendered by about twenty pieces of artillery, posted in a cleared field on our right, and which assistance gave us complete command.

Major McKim was killed, Captain [Alfred] Hoffman and Lieutenant [Charles] Grogan, of the staff, severely wounded.

The fight had now changed from right to left, pressing Lane and Nicholls severely. Colquitt's brigade, which had been ordered by General Colston to assist in holding the breastworks on the right (but came too late), was transferred to the left, with such portions of our command as remained to us. Here, again, the day saved by the timely arrival of re-enforcements and the attention of General Colston. The Yankee lines were forced at all points, and firing had generally ceased. The position of the enemy near Chancellorsville was an exceedingly strong one, crowned by much artillery, intrenched, and supported unstintedly by infantry, and log works in rear, sometimes a double and triple line, with an abatis of trees cut down and interlocked in front.

Great credit is due to both officers and men for the great gallantry displayed in dispossessing the enemy of his position, for it virtually ended the battle of Chancellorsville.

The command was now withdrawn from its position, and directed to follow a certain division toward Chancellor's house, where it was again formed in line of battle across the road leading to United States and Ely's Fords, and parallel to the Plank road, the Third and Fourth Brigades on the left, First and Second on the right, supported on the extreme left (a large gap intervening) by Rodes. Upon the line being formed, I was ordered to go forward and reconnoiter the position held by the enemy. Proceeding down the road as far as I deemed advisable, I thought the position, intrenched as it was, might possibly be forced on the left. I desired two pieces of artillery, as much as could conveniently be used, to proceed down the road on line with our infantry, and, taking advantage of a hollow or sink in the ground which ran across the road, to unlimber while under cover, let the men push the pieces up the plain in front, and, by their fire of canister (there being no grape), to drive the enemy's cannoneers from their guns, and let the infantry advance on the left, withdrawing the two brigades on the right to support the left. After the first two discharges, made with considerable effect, I found it useless to continue there. The pieces were left in position, ready to open again.

