
officers and men during these brilliant operations. All alike seemed to be impelled by honor and duty, and sought the front and not the rear. We greatly deplore the loss of many gallant spirits, and sympathize with the wounded.

I would mention the names of Captain Henry K. Douglas, assistant inspector of the brigade, and Lieutenant Charles S. Arnall, acting assistant adjutant-general, for their gallant behavior and valuable assistance on this occasion. The former by his daring example caused the greatest enthusiasm among the men.

Casualties.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

2nd Virginia.	 8	 58

--------

66

4th Virginia.	 18	 148	 3	 169

5th Virginia.	 9	 111	 5	 125

27th Virginia.	 9	 63	 1	 73

33rd Virginia.	 10	 50

--------

60

Total*.	 54	 430	 9	 493

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. S. FUNK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain [W. CARVEL HALL,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VIRGINIA INFANTRY, March 16, 1864.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Army Northern Virginia:

DEAR GENERAL: I have noticed several communications in North Carolina papers from men in Ramseur's brigade charging the "Stonewall" with misbehavior at Chancellorsville on the 3rd of May. As I was in command of the brigade during most of the day, General Paxton having fallen before we were actually engaged, I feel it my duty to notice the charge. General Ramseur asserted on the field, as I have heard, "that his brigade had run over this one," but has since addressed me a communication in which he says he was mistaken. Being aware that the action of the brigade was under your eye during a greater part of the engagement, I am desirous, should it meet with your approval, of having your opinion as to its action, and, with your permission, to publish it in conjunction with General Ramseur's letter.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, General Paxton advanced toward the works on the right of the Plank roads, but fell before reaching them; a fact of which I was not aware. The brigade moved on over the works, behind which lay a line of troops, became hotly engaged upon reaching the brow of the hill about 100 yards in front of them, the enemy occupying the works near the frame house, and extending into the woods on our right, which enabled them to enfilade our whole line. As we had no support on our right, we were formed to retire to the works, when, while reforming my regiment, I was informed of General Paxton's death,

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

