
and placed in command of the brigade, with orders to move forward. This order was delivered by Colonel [A. S.] Pendleton. I at once put the brigade in motion, the Twelfth Georgia on my right, and carried the works near the frame house. The troops on our left gave way, when we were subjected again to an enfilade fire, and forced to retire. This is but a brief statement of facts. I know the brigade performed its part well, and regret that its conduct has been brought into question.

I hope you will pardon this trespass upon your time, and will favor me with an answer. I make this request at the suggestion of the officers of the brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. S. FUNK,

Colonel Fifth Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 400. Report of Colonel J. Q. A. Nadenbousch, Second Virginia Infantry.

MAY 12, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Regiment Virginia Infantry from April 28 to May 5:

The Second [Virginia], with the other regiments of Paxton's brigade, left camp at Moss Neck on the morning of April 28, and bivouacked near Hamilton's Crossing until 5 a. m., May 1, when it marched in the direction of Chancellorsville, halting for the night in an open field about a mile in rear of our front line.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, the regiment, leaving the Plank road, moved to the left, and accompanied the column which marched by the Furnace road to the rear of the enemy's position at Chancellorsville. As the day was very hot and the movement rapid, it is worthy of mention that not a man of the regiment straggled or fell to the rear.

On regaining the Plank road, Paxton's brigade was detached from the column and posted at the intersection of the Plank road and a dirt road leading from Germanna Mills, being the extreme right of our position. We remained here until 6 p. m., when we moved forward to effect a junction with the forces on our left, who had succeeded in driving the enemy before them in confusion.

The early part of the night was spent in changing position, first to the right, then along the Plank road, and afterward taking position on the left of the road, depriving the men of the rest so necessary to restore their strength after the wearisome march of the morning.

From sunrise until 8 o'clock the enemy kept up a terrific shelling upon our lines, by which some few of the regiment were wounded. The brigade was then marched by the right flank some 200 yards to the right of the Plank road, and advanced in line of battle through a swamp to within a short distance of the breastworks. The line occupied by the enemy ran perpendicular to ours, the left resting near the breastworks and about 100 yards to the right of the position occupied by my regiment.

At this point the regiment encountered a destructive musketry fire, by which upward of 60 officers and men fell, killed and wounded. Here, too, our gallant Brigadier-General Paxton fell, mortally wounded, near the head of the regiment. The enemy's fire was returned briskly

