
It is proper to state here that at these breastworks we recaptured from the enemy the battle-flag of the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment, and afterward restored it to the color sergeant and a lieutenant of said regiment, who recognized it as theirs. A member of my regiment captured also a small artillery flag, which he tore from a piece of artillery captured near the house on said hill. The flag-staff being shot nearly in two, nothing but the flag was brought off, and is now in possession of the captor.

Being again without the necessary supports, the men much worn out and exhausted, and the enemy flanking on our right and left, we were again compelled to fall back to the breastworks, the enemy, however, not daring to follow us.

We remained here until about 3 p. m., when, as a part of the brigade, my regiment was moved forward and filed into the woods north of Chancellorsville, advanced in line of battle, again exposed to the enemy's artillery. Finally retired, and slept on our arms by the main road east of Chancellorsville.

As the remaining movements of the regiment as a part of the brigade are known to the brigade commander, details are omitted.

During Monday and Tuesday details from the Fourth [Virginia] Regiment were frequently engaged, and some loss was sustained, but chiefly, I regret to say, from the fire of our own artillery.

Accompanying this will be found a statement of the killed and wounded and missing in the battle of Chancellorsville and the skirmishing incident thereto.

It affords me pleasure to bear testimony to the gallantry and courage of the men and officers of the Fourth [Virginia] Regiment. I would find it difficult to distinguish between the different officers for good conduct. Individual reference is, therefore, omitted, for fear of injustice. The conduct of Adjutant [William] Wade and Sergeant-Major [Joseph] McMurran meets my warmest indorsement.

Among the casualties I have to regret the death of two brave and worthy officers, who fell at the post of duty; Captain Milton Harmon, Company G, and Lieutenant M. G. W. Peterman, Company E; and among the wounded, Captain [John H.] Fulton, Company A; Lieutenant [James F.] Cecil, Company C; Lieutenant [William B.] Carder, Company D; Lieutenant [P.] Hogan, Company H, and Lieutenant [S. H.] Lyle, Company I.

Casualties: Killed, 18; wounded, 148; missing, 3. Total, 169.* Since the above report was made out, 4 have died from their wounds.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. TERRY,

Major, Commanding Fourth Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 402. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Williams, Fifth Virginia Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the report of the Fifth Virginia Regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, May 3, 1863.

The regiment left camp near Moss Neck, Caroline County, Va., on

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

