
April 29 (Wednesday), and marched to Hamilton's Cross-Roads, about 4 miles south of Fredericksburg, where we lay in sight of the enemy, who had crossed the Rappahannock at the mouth of Deep Run.

Here we remained until Friday morning, when we took up the line of march in the direction of Orange Court-House, and marched within 1 1/2 miles of Chancellorsville on the Plank road. Here we rested for the night.

Early Saturday morning (May 2), we again took up the line of march, and proceeded on the Plank road about 1 mile, when we left-it, taking a road leading to the left by a formace in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. Following this road some 5 or 6 miles, we came to another leading direct to the Plank road, intersecting the same about 4 miles from Chancellorsville, at the junction of the Culpeper road, which point we reached about 4 o'clock in the evening. We were then thrown in line of battle, the left of our regiment resting on the Plank road. After the engagement became general on our left, we were ordered to advance in line of battle. We marched in line of battle about half a mile, when we were ordered to march by the flank into the road, and following the same in the direction of Chancellorsville to the top of a hill at the junction of a road leading from Culpeper road, from which position the enemy had been driven. We were not engaged at any time, but were under shelling from the enemy's guns several times during the early part of the night.

Early in the morning (Sunday, May 3), we were drawn up in line of battle on the left of the Plank road, our right resting thereon, where we were under severe shelling from the enemy's guns for about half an hour. We were then ordered by the flank across the Plank road some distance to the right, then in line of battle until we reached the breastworks from which the enemy had been driven. Here we found a line of troops lying behind the works. Here we were halted for a few moments. The line which was in front of us did not advance. We were then ordered to advance, which we did, passing over the line which was in front of us. We advanced some 200 yards, and opened a heavy fire upon the enemy, which we continued for some minutes. The Fourth Virginia Infantry, being immediately on our right, and it having no support on its right, was compelled to fall back. Our regiment, conforming with the line on our right, as previously instructed, did the same in good order, during which time we lost many brave men, among them our gallant Paxton, who commanded our brigade. The command then devolved upon Colonel John H. S. Funk, of our regiment.

In a few moments we were ordered forward, thus passing over the same breastworks and the same line of troops a second time. As soon as we reached the top of the hill, we opened a deadly fire upon the enemy, causing them to fall back. At this time we were ordered by Colonel Funk to charge them, which was done with a loud yell from every man, which made the woods ring. The breastworks were charged and taken, and the enemy driven back without much resistance on their part, capturing many prisoners. We then charged over the breastworks and up the next hill. We held the hill for some time, and a brigade of South Carolinians came to our support, but this was after having fired about one volley, thus leaving our brigade alone and our left flank exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's flanking party at the Plank road, which compelled us to fall back to our former position, which was accomplished without the slightest confusion and in good order. Our men being nearly out of ammunition, were supplied from the ordnance wagons, and, after resting for some little time, we were moved in pur-

