
suit of the enemy on the road leading to the United States Ford, and were then thrown in line of battle at right angles with and on the right of the railroad, almost half a mile from the Chancellor house.

Having thrown forward our skirmishers, our line was ordered to advance.

Reaching the top of a hill, our skirmishers here became engaged with the enemy, whose batteries quickly opened a terrific fire of grape, canister, and shell upon our line, without doing much damage to our line. We were compelled to fall back behind the top of the hill and were placed in line behind a line of breastworks. There we remained until after dark. We were then marched by the right flank back to the old dirt road leading in the direction of Fredericksburg, where we were placed in line of battle parallel with the road, where we remained until morning. We were then advanced about 200 yards to the front and about 600 yards to the right, halted, and ordered to throw up breastworks, which was done. This was on Monday, the 4th.

We remained in that position until Wednesday morning, the 6th, without anything of importance transpiring. We were then ordered to move to the left, to a position near the Chancellor house, on the Plank road.

About 10 o'clock it was discovered that the enemy had disappeared from our front. We were then ordered to camp in the wood and send the men back on the Plank road about 3 miles for their knapsacks. We remained here all night.

On the morning of the 7th, we took up the line of march on the Fredericksburg road toward that place, and arrived in our present encampment about 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

It only remains for me to state that the conduct of the men and officers of the regiment was such as would excite the admiration of the bravest and most gallant men of this or any other age. Never did our brave men behave with more gallantry, coolness, and deliberation than on this occasion.

The casualties in this regiment were as follows: 9 killed, 111 wounded, and 5 missing.*

Very respectfully,

H. J. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

A. A. A. G., Paxton's Brigade.

Numbers 403. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel M. Shriver, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to make the following] report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Infantry, Paxton's brigade, in the action near Chancellorsville, Va., May 2 and 3, and subsequently:

This regiment was with the brigade during the march from Moss Neck, Caroline County, April 29 and 30, and May 1. On May 2 (Saturday), it was in position with the brigade at the forks of the Orange

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

