
and Fredericksburg and the Culpeper and Fredericksburg roads. We left this position with the brigade, accompanying it in line of battle. Advanced some distance, and moved by the left flank along the Orange and Fredericksburg road, and took position soon after dark in the woods from which the enemy had been driven that evening. We changed position frequently that night, and finally, toward morning, occupied position in the woods to the left of the Plank road.

Very soon after daylight the shelling commenced, to which we were exposed. About 6.30 a. m. we moved by the right flank at a double-quick across the Plank road, and took position in the rear of the works the enemy had occupied the day before, and from which they had been driven. We remained here long enough to form properly, and then moved forward in line of battle across these works to about the center of the woods, in which the enemy's intrenchments were placed, and commenced firing. We occupied this position without advancing for nearly an hour, during the whole of which time we were hotly engaging the enemy.

About half an hour after we advanced to this position, Colonel [James K.] Edmondson was severely wounded in the left arm while gallantly encouraging his men by his words and example.

Finding that the regiments on our right had fallen back, and having been previously ordered to be governed in our movements by the right or left of the brigade, we also fell back to the barricades. Soon forming, we the second time moved forward (finding that a brigade behind the intrenchments, to whose support we had been ordered, did not advance), passing over the barricade and the heads of hundreds of men who were crouching behind it, advancing through the woods, and driving the enemy from the hill and finally from their intrenchments. Being exposed to the fire of the enemy's batteries, not having any support, and not being strong enough to advance, we retired to the barricades thrown up by the enemy.

Reforming, we marched out to the Plank road, passing Chancellorsville, and, turning to the left into a road, marched a short distance on it, and again formed line of battle in the woods, being subjected in the meantime to a tremendous shelling from the enemy's batteries. We remained in this position until night, our skirmishers being closely engaged during this period with those of the enemy.

After dark, we moved out on the Plank road, and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 4th, and during the whole of the day, we were employed in throwing up breastworks.

We remained in line of battle behind these breastworks until the morning of the 7th, when the brigade received orders to return to Hamilton's Crossing.

Of the conduct of the officers and men too much cannot be spoken in praise. Each and all behaved with great gallantry and that coolness which is so essential to the accomplishment of decisive results. Conspicuous for gallant conduct, I would mention Captain Phil. F. Frazer, Color Corporal Howard Fisher, and Private William K. Kahle, Company H.

We deplore the loss of many brave soldiers. We deeply feel the loss of Lieutenant [George W.] Hall, Company D, and William Scanlan, first sergeant, Company C.

Color Sergeant Hutchison having been wounded, the colors were taken in turn by Corporal Boyd and Corporal Baker, who were successively wounded, the staff being shot in two in their hands.

