
Statement of the killed and wounded:

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Commissioned	 1	 3

--------

4

officers.

Non-commissioned	 1	 10

--------

11

officers.

Privates.	 7	 50	 1	 58

Total*.	 9	 63	 1	 73

Number engaged, 185.

DANL. M. SHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 27th Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Paxton's Brigade.

Numbers 404. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abraham Spengler, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

CAMP PAXTON, May 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the pleasure, through you, of furnishing the colonel commanding the First Virginia Brigade a brief statement respecting the part which the Thirty-third Virginia Regiment, under my command, took in the recent engagement at Chancellorsville.

On May 2, we moved from bivouac on the Plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Chancellorsville, and when we arrived at a point on said road about 2 miles distant from Chancellorsville, we turned abruptly to the left, following a circuitous road, which brought us, after a rapid and fatiguing march, to the Orange and Fredericksburg Plank road, near where said road is intersected by the Plank road running to Culpeper Court-House, about 2 p. m. Below the point of intersection of said roads, and to the right of the Orange and Fredericksburg, going toward Chancellorsville, we filed to the right, and, after the troops divested themselves of knapsacks, were formed in line of battle. In this position we remained for an hour or longer, and, when ordered, moved in line of battle for a quarter or a half mile directly to the front, and then, after a halt of some minutes, by the left flank to the Plank road, down which, toward Chancellorsville, we moved with considerable rapidity, and about nightfall reached the heights 1 or 1 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville. In pursuance to orders, I caused my command to conform strictly to the movements of the Twenty-seventh Virginia Regiment, which was immediately upon my right flank.

During the night of May 2, the position of my command was changed with that of the brigade from the left of the road last adverted to, to the right of the same, and thence again to the left of the same, and then several changes of position brought the command in close proximity to the lines of the enemy.

In the last position occupied we remained the residue of the night

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

