
and until about 9 or 10 a. m., May 3, and were subjected for an hour or two to a pretty heavy shelling, resulting in the wounding of several of my command. From this position by a flank movement we crossed the Plank road, and immediately filed to the left, and, when we halted, were confronting the enemy. In this position we remained about a quarter or a half hour, and then advanced directly to the front and engaged the enemy. I am proud to have it to say that in advancing upon the enemy under the fire of artillery and musketry, the officers and men of my command manifested no disposition whatever to shirk danger, but, on the contrary, a determination to do or die in the deadly conflict. In this position, engaged all the time, my command continued from a half hour to an hour, longer by ten or fifteen minutes than the three right regiments of the brigade, my instructions being to conform to the movements of the Twenty-seventh Virginia Regiment, still immediately on my right, which failed to retire with the regiments on its right, in consequence of the wounding of Colonel [James K.] Emondson, and Lieutenant-Colonel [D. M.] Shriver (who assumed the command) not having been made acquainted with the instructions previously imparted to Colonel Edmondson. As soon as I discovered that the right of the brigade, in pursuance of orders, had retired, I saw Lieutenant-Colonel Shriver, of the Twenty-seventh Virginia, and then our regiments retired.

My regiment suffered considerably in this first engagement with the enemy. After a rest of some half hour or more, which was improved by replenishing the ammunition of the troops, in obedience to orders, I moved forward again with brigade, and, when the hill in our front was gained, charged the enemy in his earthworks and fortifications in concert with the brigade. The enemy offered at first some resistance, but finally quit his fortifications, running pell-mell in every direction. A brisk fire was kept up on him from his own fortifications as he disorderly retired, and with considerable effect. Here a number of prisoners were taken, and started without guard to the rear. In this position remained from a quarter to a half hour, and the troops to the left giving way, and discovering from the firing as well as the appearance of the enemy that he had succeeded in turning our left flank with a heavy column, I ordered the troops under my command to fall back at once. If our flanks had been protected, the position would have been held. However, he was so promptly met on the left, that he never succeeded in regaining and occupying his fortifications.

In this charge upon the enemy, and particularly in retiring from their fortifications under a heavy my regiment suffered more than in the first engagement with him. was here that First Lieutenant James M. Hottel, Company C, and Second Lieutenant N. L. Powell, Company A, fell, mortally wounded-officers who for coolness and gallantry had distinguished themselves on many a hard-fought field; and here, too, Second Lieutenant Benjamin H. Engle, Company F, was severely wounded, besides many non-commissioned officers and privates which neither space nor time will permit me to enumerate. Remaining in the woods whither we retired for some time, we moved by the Plank road directly to Chancellorsville, near which, in getting a position, we were subjected to a heavy fire of grape and canister from the enemy. During the residue of the day, position after position was time and again taken, which I regard it unnecessary to notice particularly. Major George Huston, of this regiment, received a painful, though not serious, wound, dislocating his right wrist, shortly after the first engagement commenced.

A list of the casualties of this regiment has already been furnished

