
you-4 officers wounded, and 10 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, and 46 wounded in the regiment.*

I am, your, most respectfully,

A. SPENGLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 33rd Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 405. Report of Colonel A. S. Vandeventer, Fiftieth Virginia Infantry, commanding Jones' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, May 12, 1863.

SIR: In submitting this report, I have to regret that the gallant commanders who preceded me were not appeared to give more fully a detailed report of many interesting facts that I am compelled to omit. It was not until the gallant Colonel [Thomas S.] Garnett fell that I was ordered to take command of the brigade.

During the Saturday fight the brigade was commanded by General Jones, and, as I have not had an opportunity to confer with him, I cannot give a correct statement of the occurrences of that day. The brigade was formed on the left of the Plank road, to support the left of General Rodes' division, who occupied the advance. Orders to advance were received about 4 p. m., and, after making our way through a dense wilderness, we came in contact with the enemy. The brigade having marched by the left flank until it was unmasked by General Rodes' division, now occupied the advance. As we emerged from the woods into an open field, the enemy opened upon us with a heavy fire of musketry and artillery about 400 yards from our lines, being protected from our fire by earthworks which could only be carried by desperate valor. Orders were given to charge, which were responded to with a will by both officers and men. The enemy's works were carried at the first attempt, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. The result of this brilliant triumph seemed to inspire the troops with fresh hopes of victory. At this point the enemy's loss was heavy. A number of prisoners and two pieces of artillery fell into our hands.

During the engagement, the troops on our right and failed to dislodge the enemy in their front. Here the right wing of the brigade poured in a heavy fire upon the enemy's flank upon the right of the Plank road, which soon drove them in confusion to the woods. Our whole line again advanced in pursuit of the enemy, frequently coming in contact with him, but at each successive engagement he was routed with heavy loss. We continued [to drive] the enemy before us until within

-----

of Chancellorsville, when dark prevented further operations. The brigade was then withdrawn from the front, to reform and take position on the right of the Plank road. During the time the brigade was getting in position, the enemy kept up a heavy fire from his batteries on the Chancellorsville hills, which caused some confusion, as the shells occasionally raked our lines, killing and wounding several men.

After getting in position, we were exposed at intervals during the

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

65 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

