
night to a heavy fire of artillery, but we held our position until about dawn, Sunday morning, when we were ordered to the front to support the troops who were engaging the enemy on the Chancellorsville hills. We advanced, when about 400 yards of the enemy, on the right of the Plank road. Here we were halted, and, after engaging the enemy a short time until the troops on our right and left had given back, we were compelled to retire. The enemy's position gave him greatly the advantage, haying possession of the Chancellorsville heights, and being strongly fortified.

Our loss in the engagement was very heavy; many brave officers and men were killed and wounded. It was here that the gallant Colonel Garnett, while commanding the brigade, fell, mortally wounded. I was then ordered to take command of the brigade, being the senior officer.

Our lines had then fallen back some few hundred yards, and after being formed were again ordered to the front, and, after engaging the enemy at long range a short time, orders were received to charge. Here the gallant conduct of officers and men of this brigade deserves the attention of the commanding general. The strong position of the enemy on the Chancellorsville hill was carried, but having no support on our left we were soon flanked by a heavy force of the enemy, and were thus forced to give up the works. The brigade sustained a heavy loss in these engagements. Our line fell back about 300 yards, and was again ordered to advance. This was the third time the brigade had been called upon to assist in driving the enemy from his strong position. The third attempt was a desperate struggle, but the works were again carried and held, and the enemy driven from Chancellorsville. The brigade having participated in those several severe engagements, and having sustained a heavy loss in both officers and men, was then ordered to the rear, having been without rations for two days.

No other engagement was brought on during the day, except late on Sunday evening the brigade was ordered to Chancellorsville, and was there turned immediately to the left, and formed in line of battle on the left of the Plank road, and ordered to advance. After advancing a short distance, the brigade was halted, and remained under a heavy fire of shot and shell from the enemy's batteries until nearly night, when we were ordered to the right a short distance, where we were partially protected by the enemy's works that we had taken. Thus ended the bloody fight of Sunday.

I beg leave to call the attention of the commanding general to the regimental reports, in which will be found the names of those who were conspicuous for gallantry.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the officers commanding regiments during the time I had command of the brigade, viz: Lieutenant-Colonel [R. W.] Withers, Forty-second Virginia; Major [Oscar] White, Forty-eighth Virginia; Captain [Thomas R.] Buckner, Forty-fourth Virginia; Captain [John B.] Moseley, Twenty-first [Virginia], and Major [L. J.] Perkins and Captain [F. W.] Kelly, commanding Fiftieth Virginia. All of these officers deserve to be mentioned for gallant conduct.

Captain Samuel J. C. Moore, assistant adjutant-general, should be mentioned as a gallant and fearless officer in both Saturday and Sunday fights. He distinguished in the presence of the brigade by rushing to the most dangerous points and urging the men to go forward.

Sir, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. VANDEVENTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. CARVEL HALL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

