
Numbers 406. Report of Lieutenant Edmund E. England, Acting Adjutant, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to submit the following] report of position [part] borne by the Twenty-first Virginia Regiment during the recent engagements near Chancellorsville, from 10 a. m., Saturday, the 2nd, to Sunday evening, the 3rd instant:

The Twenty-first Virginia Regiment marched on Saturday morning from the camp it occupied the night previous in the center of Jones' brigade until near the Wilderness, where, with its brigade, it engaged the enemy, and continued in the action until about 7.30 p. m. The men slept on the battle ground Saturday night.

Sunday morning, with its brigade, it again engaged the enemy on the right of the Plank road near Chancellorsville until about 10 a. m., at about which time the action ceased.

EDMUND E. ENGLAND,

Lieutenant, Acting Adjutant.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 407. Report of Captain Thomas R. Buckner, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to submit the following] report of the part taken in the recent action at Chancellorsville by the Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, Major N. Cobb commanding:

FIRST DAY, MAY 2.

Ten a. m. May 2, found us on the march up the road leading by the old furnace, and the rapidity with which we were hurried along made it evident to all that we were on some important mission. Frequently we were compelled to double-quick, to close the intervals occasioned by passing numerous obstacles, making the march a fatiguing one, indeed, but the men with but few exceptions kept their places in ranks, all seeming desirous to participate in the important work before them.

About 4 p. m., after marching about 12 miles, we found ourselves in rear of the enemy's forces. Forming our line on the left of the road, we were advanced rapidly to the front, reaching the same about 5.30 p. m. Pressing on the enemy, firing rapidly as we advanced, we drove him from his intrenchments, and pursued his retreating columns until dark. In the advance we captured two pieces of artillery, one caisson, and 16 splendid horses attached, together with numerous prisoners.

On reaching the Plank road in the pursuit, the regiment by some means became separated, Major Cobb being on the right and Captain T. R. Buckner, commanding the left wing. The portion of the regiment commanded by Captain Buckner pursued the enemy on the right of the road to their fortification, and, passing over them, came somewhat unexpectedly upon about 300 or 400 of the enemy, and demanded their surrender, which they complied with somewhat reluctantly. The regiment

