
was then withdrawn to the small cabin on the right of the Plank road to reform, after which we were exposed to a most terrific fire from the enemy's batteries, but the regiment remained firm, not a man leaving the ranks. We occupied the second line of battle during the night, and were several times exposed to severe fire of artillery and musketry.

During the entire engagement of the first day our loss was comparatively insignificant.

SECOND DAY, MAY 3.

The line of battle the regiment occupied Saturday night was changed early Sunday morning. While occupying this line our regiment was much exposed, and Captain [John F.] Lacy, a very gallant officer, lost his leg from a shell, and one or two others were killed or wounded.

About 6 o'clock we advanced with the brigade to the breastworks which the enemy had thrown up a day or two before, and from which we had driven them the previous evening. Soon an order was given to advance upon the enemy, which was obeyed in as good order as the nature of the ground would admit of. After getting within 70 or 80 yards of the enemy's first line of infantry, posted behind breastworks, the brigade was brought to a halt, when we were exposed to the most terrific fire from both artillery and infantry, which we returned with a hearty will. It was here Lieutenant [N. D.] Walker (one of the most gallant and noble officers in the Confederate States Army) fell, carrying the colors some distance in front of the regiment, and Lieutenant [W. T.] Bailey, acting adjutant (brave even to rashness), was also killed.

Captain [William P.] Walker, Company G, a most efficient and gallant officer, was killed while advancing, and many other brave men and officers fell, either killed or wounded.

The brigade finally retired, being without support, using this line of the enemy's intrenchments, already mentioned, as a rallying point. In a short time we advanced again, and carried the enemy's stronghold by storm, the flag of the Forty-fourth [Virginia], tattered and torn, being the first to wave over the redoubts. Unfortunately, a regiment on our left being flanked, gave way, which compelled an abandonment of the position, which was soon afterward retaken with but little effort. After this the brigade acted as support to the batteries until the enemy had been shelled from Chancellorsville.

Where all, with very few exceptions, acted with such gallantry, it would be invidious to discriminate. Those who remained throughout the whole fight are each and every one heroes, and may be trusted in any position.

Respectfully,

T. R. BUCKNER,

Captain, Commanding Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 408. Report of Major Oscar White, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry.

SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY, VA., May 10, 1863.

SIR: Below is respectfully submitted a report of the part taken by my regiment in the recent battle of [Chancellorsville], beginning on

