
Saturday, the 2nd instant, and ending in the evening of the 3rd, with a revised and corrected list of casualties:

Upon Saturday, the 2nd instant, we, together with the rest of our brigade (J. R. Jones'), approached Chancellorsville from Hamilton's Crossing. When within about 2 miles of said place, we changed the direction of march to our left, passing to the southward and around the right flank of the enemy. After crossing both the Plank roads-one leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, the other to Culpeper Court-House-we arrived upon a pike road, unknown to me, and marched down it toward Chancellorsville a distance of about a mile, when we were deployed into a line of battle, our entire brigade being upon the left of said road, and my regiment being on the left of the brigade. Here our knapsacks were left under change of a small detail, and we began the advance. There was another line in front of us, but of what troops composed I know not. We advanced a distance of about 3 1/2 miles through very thick woods, which made it exceedingly toilsome upon officers and men, but I am pleased to say they bore up and pushed forward cheerfully. As last we came out upon an open field, where we first saw the enemy engaged by our advanced line. We soon overtook them, and joined in pursuit of the now retreating foe, marching, or rather running, a farther distance of about 2 miles, when, night coming on, we were obliged to desist, and attend to the collection and reorganization of our regiment, which had become quite scattered in their impetuous pursuit.

While lying in this position, we were subjected to a most terrific fire of shot and shell from the enemy's batteries. Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Dungan was struck in the breast by a solid shot, but, fortunately, so far spent that it broke no bones.

Early next morning we were formed in a new direction, and advanced to within about 200 yards of the enemy, intrenched behind a breastwork, and halted, by whose order and for what reason I cannot imagine, for I think that had we continued to charge we could have dislodged the enemy. Here we stood for about twenty minutes, receiving a most deadly fire, both from the intrenched infantry, and, I judge, several batteries. The trees near evidence of the tremendous rain of shell and bullets. Here fell our gallant and universally esteemed colonel, Thomas S. Garnett, and almost our whole loss was sustained at this point. Indeed, it was a most trying and exposed position. We were compelled to retire some 150 yards to a line of breastworks, where we waited about half an hour, and again advanced with a brigade, I believe, of General Rodes' division. This time we charged over the first breastwork of the enemy, and ascended a hill upon which the enemy's batteries and been planted, but from which they had now fled. I was upon the left of our brigade, and, while upon this hill, perceived that we were flanked by a considerable body of the enemy on my left. Just at this time there was a brigade arrived behind us, and I ran to the colonel commanding it, and asked him to throw his brigade into line to the left. He said he would, and gave some orders, but his men becoming confused, retreated, and ours, in spite of all efforts, followed. We fell back to our breastworks, where we rallied, and immediately advanced again to the top of the hill, and held it the rest of the day.

Our brigade being very much cut up and scattered, we were ordered a short distance to the rear to reorganize and draw our provisions. As soon as this was done, we marched forward and took our proper position in the line already formed. This line was in very thick woods, and being informed by Captain S. J. C. Moore, adjutant-general, that it was

