
impossible to ride through those woods, I, rendered unable to proceed on foot by a hit upon the leg, turned over the command to Captain John M. Vermillion, and retired to the hospital, where I slept, and rejoined my regiment and resumed command the next morning.

I cannot close this report without making particular mention of the gallantry displayed by Lieutenant John M. Preston, adjutant of the regiment, and expressing my entire satisfaction with the conduct of every officer, and, with the few disgraceful exceptions below given, of every man in the regiment.

The number of my regiment engaged was 28 commissioned officers and 317 enlisted men.

My loss was.*

Recapitulation.-Killed-officers, 2;+ enlisted men, 17. Wounded-officers, 10; enlisted men, 74. Missing-enlisted men, 9. Aggregate, 112. Shirks, 8.

I have the honor to be, sir, with greatest respect, your obedient servant,

OSCAR WHITE,

Major, Commanding Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 409. Report of Major L. J. Perkins, Fiftieth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the report of the part taken by this regiment in the several battles commencing on Saturday, May 2.

About 10 a. m., Saturday, this regiment, under the command of Colonel Alexander S. Vandeventer, moved from the United States Furnace [?] with the balance of Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson's command, and moved in rear of the enemy, about 5 miles from Chancellorsville, Va., about 4 p. m., when we formed in line of battle. The Fiftieth Virginia Regiment formed on the right of Brigadier General J. R. Jones' brigade, and were ordered to move upon the enemy, and soon came in contact with him, after marching through a dense wood, and opened fire upon him. Marching steadily forward, we drove him to his breastworks, where he made a stubborn resistance, but we continued forward, and he was soon put to flight, and at this point we captured a number of prisoners.

At this juncture I wish to commend particularly Captain William S. Hannah, Company G, and Color Sergeant Joseph H. Pickle, Company D, for their gallantry-and all, officers and men, moved forward in their country's defense. At this point Captain Hannah first laid his hands on the enemy's battery, and Sergeant Pickle planted his colors over it.

Still moving forward about 1 mile, and driving the enemy before us, darkness coming upon us, we were compelled to abandon our pursuit, and, while forming our men, were exposed to a severe shelling. We remained in line of battle during the night, but no demonstration was made upon our line by the enemy.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; but see Guild's report, p. 809.

+Colonel Thomas S. Garnett and Captain A. L. Bolen.

---------------

