
Early next morning our lines were again subjected to a heavy fire of grape, canister, and shell from the enemy's batteries planted on the hill at Chancellorsville, causing some casualties. Our men stood their ground unflinchingly for nearly two hours, when we were again ordered to the front, and were participants in the gallant charges made upon the almost impregnable works of the enemy on the Chancellor heights, each time driving him from his selected position, and the second time entirely dislodging him and driving him from his works.

In charging the heights, the brave Captain Hannah (mentioned before for his gallant conduct in the fight the evening previous) was no less conspicuous in the fight of to-day. While leading the regiment on the hill, he received three severe and dangerous wounds, and near the same time the brave Pickle received a wound, and was compelled to retire.

Frank W. Kelly, senior captain of the regiment, deserves a high compliment for his untiring energy and bravery in assisting in commanding the regiment in the terrible strife, and the officers and men deserve the highest praise for their coolness and undaunted courage.

L. J. PERKINS,

Major, Commanding Fiftieth Virginia Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL J. C. MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jones' brigade.

Numbers 410. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton A. Brown, First North Carolina Infantry, commanding Colston's brigade.

UNITED STATES FORD, May 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit that Colston's brigade, commanded by Colonel E. T. H. Warren, composed of the First and Third North Carolina Regiments, and the Tenth, Twenty third, and Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiments, and aggregating 2,125 for duty, took up the line of march at their camp in Skinker's Neck, Caroline County, Virginia, at 12 m. on Wednesday, the 29th ultimo, and proceeded in the direction of Hamilton's Crossing, a depot on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, where it arrived on the evening of the same day, and was formed in line of battle, forming the second line in support of the first line, which was commanded by General Rodes. The brigade was disposed on the east side of the railroad in semicircular shape, with its left resting about 400 yards from the Crossing.

We remained in this position till Friday, the 1st instant, when we were ordered to move at early dawn, but for some cause or other the march was not finally resumed till 8.30 a. m. About that hour, preceded by the Second Brigade, same division, we resumed the march in the direction of Chancellorsville, the intended point of attack, and bivouacked for the night within about 5 miles of Chancellorsville, on the right of the Orange and Fredericksburg Plank road. During this day's march we found the road almost impassable in many places, though arrived as above, having sustained as our only loss 2 horses, 1 belonging to the ordnance train and the other from one of the ambulances.

On Saturday morning, the 2nd instant, the march was again resumed, and, by a circuitous route, we arrived and were formed into line of battle

