
Numbers 411. Report of Lieutenant John A. Morgan, Acting Adjutant, First North Carolina Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to submit the following] report of the part borne by the First Regiment North Carolina Infantry in the engagements of May 2 and 3, 1863:

The regiment broke camp at Skinker's Neck on Wednesday, 29th ultimo, and took up the line of march for Fredericksburg, where it remained in line of battle supporting the front line until Friday morning, May 1, when we took up the line of march to flank the enemy's right.

Bivouacked Friday night on the Orange and Fredericksburg Plank road, about equidistant from Fredericksburg and the point of attack. Took up the line of march Saturday, and arrived about 4 miles west of Chancellorsville about 3 p. m., where it formed into line on the north side of the road leading from Chancellorsville westward, and supported for a short time the front line, but was soon ordered to the front, when it participated in the engagement of Saturday evening, with a very slight loss.

On Sunday morning the regiment was formed in line of battle on the south side of the road before mentioned, and was ordered to the front as soon as the engagement commenced, where it fought gallantly; but, being flanked, was ordered to retire, which was done in good order, but with heavy loss, including its gallant colonel wounded, besides many other officers and brave men.

On the same day, the enemy having been repulsed, it, with the other regiments of the brigade, was thrown forward and formed into line parallel to the road at Chancellorsville, where it remained under a terrific fire of shell and solid shot for more than an hour.

In the afternoon was again ordered to the front, where it encountered the enemy's sharpshooters and one of his batteries, which poured a deadly shower of grape and canister in our already decimated ranks, compelling it, with the brigade, to retire for a short distance. The advance, no matter for what purpose, only served to increase our already too large list of casualties.

Monday and Tuesday the regiment lay in the works east of Chancellorsville, supporting a battery.

Wednesday it was ordered to where we are now bivouacked; for what purpose I do not deem it necessary to say.

Its list of gallant dead and wounded will tell for themselves the part which the regiment bore.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Brown:

JNO. A. MORGAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

[Lieutenant JAMES T. TOSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Colston's Brigade.]

Numbers 412. Report of Colonel E. T. H. Warren, Tenth Virginia Infantry.

MAY 26, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with circular of the 19th, I have the honor to submit the following list of names of officers and men of the Tenth

