
Virginia Regiment who were conspicuous for their gallantry and good conduct at the late battles of Chancellorsville (Captain Kibler, Lieutenant Kemper, Lieutenant Miller, and Color-Bearer Shank are especially commenced for the manner in which they conducted themselves on the occasion):

Captain Jacob H. Kibler, Company F (killed May 2); Second Lieutenant William M. Kemper, Company B (killed May 3); Second Lieutenant R. R. Miller, Company A (killed May 3); Color Sergt. Gabriel Shank; Corpl. Nathan Stover, Company A (killed May 2); Private James Jordan Fultz, Company B (killed May 3); Private Charles D. McCrary, Company C (killed May 2); First Sergt. Peter Holland, Company D; Private Albert Critenberger, Company E (killed May 2); First Sergt. M. L. Anderson, Company F; First Sergt. Brown Miller, Company G (killed May 2); Private Isaac Keister, Company H; Private Alexander Wyant, Company I (killed May 3); First Sergt. R. T. Jacobs, Company L.

Respectfully,

E. T. H. WARREN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JAMES T. TOSH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Colston's Brigade.

Numbers 413. Report of Captain A. H. Smals, Tenth Virginia Infantry.

ON PICKET AT UNITED STATES FORD, May 7, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with the circular of the present date, I have the honor to make the following report of the part performed by the Tenth Virginia Regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville:

The regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [S. T.] Walker, was first formed in line of battle in the woods in rear of a battery, with the Third North Carolina on the left and the Twenty-third Virginia on its right flank. We were in this position but a short time when we were moved forward in this order with the brigade about half a mile in front of the batteries on the hill, where we were again placed in line of battle, the right resting on the old pike road leading to Fredericksburg, the Twenty-third Virginia occupying the opposite side of the road and the Third North Carolina joining on our left. The order to move forward was given about 5 p. m., when the regiment moved in quick time to the front, passing through a dense growth of bushes and trees, under fire of shell and musketry, for about three-fourths of a mile, when we entered an open field, where the enemy were posted in force. Here the fire from infantry and artillery was very severe. We continued the charge, well supported by the regiments on our flanks, and assisted in driving the enemy from his intrenchments on the hill. The enemy were driven from the field and fled through the woods, making a stand about three-fourths of a mile from this point, when the pursuit ended after sundown. The regiment lay during the night on their arms on the battle-field.

Our loss in this action was about 50 killed and wounded, including some valuable officers.

On the next morning the regiment, with the balance of the brigade, was ordered to the left of the front line of battle, where it remained

