
fire, three times being massed together and the last time having no protection. Our ammunition was soon exhausted, and the enemy having flanked us and in the act of taking many prisoners, we were ordered to retire across the marsh and reform. Here was our heaviest loss, many being killed and captured. We were not actively engaged afterward.

The officers and men generally behaved well, and to Captain [A. J.] Richardson, of Company A, and Captain [Samuel C.] Williams, of Company E, I am greatly indebted for valuable aid. Both acted with great gallantry.

I herewith inclose a list of casualties.*

In conclusion, captain, I must say for myself that, having been sick and not reported for duty for several days preceding the march from our old camp, and during the battles still very unwell, I sincerely regret that from this cause my own services were so much more inefficient than usual. I was on the field in opposition to the advice of my physicians.

Respectfully submitted.

S. T. WALTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Virginia Regiment.

Captain GEORGE G. GARRISON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Colston's Brigade.

Numbers 415. Report of Colonel J. M. Williams, Second Louisiana Infantry, commanding Nicholls' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS NICHOLLS' BRIGADE, May 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of Nicholls' brigade, Trimble's division, Second Army Corps, in the battle of Chancellorsville, on May 2 and 3 (Saturday and Sunday):

The brigade, while under command of General Nicholls, on the 2nd, was ordered to form line of battle in the rear, with the right resting near the Plank road, the whole line being perpendicular to the Plank road. In this position the line moved on under the fire of the enemy's artillery, though not under fire of musketry, until all the battle-lines in front had been passed through, and reached the Plank road at a point near the division commander's headquarters. Here the line continued to move to the front by the left flank toward Chancellorsville, and at 9.30 p. m. the head of the column, left in front, halted on the Plank road about half a mile from Chancellor's hotel. At this time the enemy opened a destructive artillery fire, sweeping the road and killing and wounding several of the brigade. Here the command was deprived of their eminent leader (General Nicholls) by a wound in his left leg, necessitating amputation. Being the senior colonel present, the command at this time devolved on me. After awaiting orders at this point for an hour, I was ordered by the general commanding division to move to the left, and take position perpendicular to and with the right resting 100 yards from the Plank road. This movement threw the brigade on the extreme left of the battle-line fronting Chancellorsville.

The command remained with arms in hand until sunrise on Sunday

---------------

*Not found; but see Brown's report, p. 1033.

---------------

