
2 miles from Chancellor house, where it was presumed the main body of the enemy had massed. Marched forward to support of first line of battle, but, although under a constant and terrific fire of artillery, did not actively participate. Halted about 1 mile from Chancellor's house. Lay on our arms under heavy fire greater part of night.

The morning of the 3rd, still in second line. Engagement opened about 6 a. m. Enemy driven out of first line of breastworks. Ordered forward. Moved to front in support of first line, which, after maintaining its ground against great odds for half an hour, fell back, thereby uncovering our front and precipitating us into a forced but brief contest. At this juncture it became evident that the enemy had succeeded in flanking our position, necessitating a retrograde movement on our part, which was accomplished without much loss. Rallied, and reformed in enemy's works which had been carried in the morning. Enemy failed to pursue his slight and momentary advantage. Remained in intrenchments but short while. Ordered to change front. Marched by left flank, filed left, and formed line of battle, affording protection to the flank of our position. Line of battle similar to an L. Retained this line until ammunition became exhausted, when this regiment, together with the Fourteenth Louisiana, was ordered to rear for ammunition and rations. Meantime balance of brigade (three regiments) moved off on Plank road, where we shortly joined them, having performed our mission to the rear. Marched down to and in rear of Chancellor's house, where we formed line parallel with road. Moved forward on enemy's position, but our force being inadequate, failed to dislodge him, and were, therefore, compelled to resume our original position previous to our aggressive movement. Changed front or position several times up to dark, but were not again actively engaged.

The losses of the regiment for the two days, viz, 2nd and 3rd, sum up as follows: Killed, 7; wounded, 29; missing, 10.* Carried into the engagement about 125 muskets.

Very respectfully,

E. D. WILLETT,

Captain, Commanding First Louisiana Regiment.

Captain ALEX. BOARMAN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 417. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Burke, Second Louisiana Infantry.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May --, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers --, I submit the following report of the operations of the Second Louisiana Regiment on May 2 and 3:

We were placed in line of battle with the other regiments of the brigade, and moved forward toward the Plank road, which we reached just after dark, being subjected to the enemy's artillery fire in passing through the fields in front of that road, by which we lost the color-bearer and several other men. We were halted near the road and ordered to lie down, our line of battle running parallel with the Plank road. After some time, moved in upon the road and marched up it toward the Chancellor house, halting at about 800 or 1,000 yards from the enemy's works. Soon after, the enemy opened with artillery, which swept the

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 809.

---------------

