
Numbers 418. Report of Captain A. Perrodin, Tenth Louisiana Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to make the following] report of the operations of the Tenth Louisiana Regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, May 2, 3, and 4, 1863:

On Saturday afternoon, May 2, the regiment was formed into line of battle to the left of a road running at right angles with the Plank road, and advanced in that manner as far as the Plank road, down which it moved by the flank about a quarter of a mile, where it was halted and formed into line of battle to the left of the said road. Here it remained all night, exposed to a heavy shelling.

At daylight it advanced under a heavy fire of artillery, and soon became engaged with the infantry of the enemy, but, being flanked by the enemy on its left, was compelled to fall back about 200 yards, where it was formed again at right angles with the old line, and engaged the enemy until its ammunition was exhausted and it was relieved by another brigade, when it moved to the Plank road to procure ammunition and rations. After resting about one hour, it moved down the said road as far as the Chancellor house, and formed into line of battle in the woods to the left of that house, and advanced to within 500 or 600 yards of a heavy battery of the enemy, when it was ordered to fall back into the woods. It fell back about 200 yards, and was then ordered to move to the right about 500 yards, where it was placed in breastworks. Here it remained until dusk, when it was ordered out as skirmishers into the woods just in front of the battery.

The regiment was engaged with the enemy's skirmishers during a greater [part] of Sunday night and Monday morning. Monday afternoon, at 5 o'clock, it was relieved, and joined the rest of the brigade, then it breastworks at the extreme right of our line.

A. PERRODIN,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Louisiana.

[Captain ALEX. BOARMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Nicholls' Brigade.]

Numbers 419. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. Zable, Fourteenth Louisiana Infantry.

[MAY] --, 1863.

SIR: [I have the honor to make the following] report of the operations of the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment, Nicholls' brigade, in the battle of Chancellorsville, on May 2 and 3, 1863:

On May 2, we constituted a portion of the second line of battle which attacked the enemy in the rear. The troops who preceded us had driven the enemy from their position along our whole front, and we were not exposed to any firing until their intrenchments were in our possession, when they opened on us with shell, but without effect. After the firing had ceased, we marched by a flank on the Plank road to within about a mile of the Chancellor house, when again the enemy opened, causing some confusion in the ranks. Order was, however, soon restored by forming line on the roadside next the enemy, this being the most secure

66 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

