
position which presented itself. At this point some 6 or 7 men were wounded. During a cessation of firing, the command was marched into the woods on the opposite side of the road, remaining there for the night.

Early next morning moved forward on the enemy. They had again been driven from their breastworks, which we passed over, and moved on at a double-quick, mingling in with other troops of our army, penetrating the enemy's lines so far as to find ourselves flanked both on the right and left, forcing us to fall back to the breastwork lately crossed, to protect which our line was formed to the rear and perpendicularly to them. The enemy here attacked us, but they were repulsed.

Having expended our ammunition, we were relieved, and fell back to replenish. Shortly after, ordered forward again, when we marched to the Chancellor house, formed line, moved forward on the enemy, and as we were about emerging from the woods they poured into us a most terrific fire of grape and canister. Our progress was stopped. An order came from some one to fall back, but who from it was impossible to learn. The position our troops had gained might have been held, as the nature of the ground was such as to afford a very good shelter from the artillery. The loss here might be said to be small, considering that the enemy had concentrated their fire upon the small strip of woods between the two roads. From here we were marched into another line of intrenchments, which we supposed to run perpendicular to the enemy's line, as we were expecting and attack from three sides. This position was occupied until about 8 p. m., when we marched about a mile down the Plank road, and rested for the remainder of the night.

D. ZABLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment.

[Memorandum.]
HEADQUARTERS NICHOLLS' BRIGADE, May 26, 1863.

The order to fall back, referred to in the above, in said to have been given by a private, and passed along the line. No officer within my knowledge gave any such order.

Very respectfully,J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain ALEX. BOARMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Nicholls' Brigade.]

Numbers 420. Report of Captain William C. Michie, Fifteenth Louisiana Infantry.

MAY 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment during the battle of Chancellorsville, May 2 and 3:

The Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment, one of the regiments composing Nicholls' brigade, was situated on the right of the Second Louisiana Regiment, which regiment was on the left of the brigade, and was formed in line of battle on the left of the Plank road on Saturday evening. The line was formed in a dense woods known as the Wilderness. The line

