
was advanced through this to an open field, the enemy from falling back. Our line was advanced until we halted on the Plank road. While going through the field, and while on the side of the Plank road, the regiment was subjected to a severe shelling from the enemy's guns. The regiment was moved by the left flank with the brigade down the Plank road toward the Chancellor house, and was halted very near the enemy's line, in consequence of the road being filled with troops moving up to form into new lines. While here, the enemy opened with a battery on the Plank road in the direction of Chancellorsville, and threw shell among the troops collected on

the road. After the firing ceased, the regiment moved with the brigade by the left flank into the woods on the left of the Plank road. The regiment remained during the night in the woods, being subjected to severe shelling during the night, and was once called out on the Plank road to meet an advance of the enemy on the right.

The regiment was advanced in line with the brigade early on Sunday morning, and became actively engaged about 7 o'clock, driving the enemy back, taking possession of his breastworks. The regiment moved with the brigade to the Plank road, in order to be supplied with ammunition; this was about 11 o'clock. After this, moved to the Chancellor house, and formed line of battle in the woods to the left of the road and in rear of the house. While formed in this line, was subjected to a very severe fire from the enemy's batteries. The regiment, with the brigade, was withdrawn, and bivouacked for the night.

Very respectfully,

WM. C. MICHIE,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment.

Captain ALEX. BOARMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Nicholls' Brigade.

Numbers 421. Report of Colonel H. P. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, March 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the artillery under my command in the battle of Chancellorsville:

The Napoleon guns of my battalion, except two of Tanner's battery, were sent very early in the morning of Sunday, May 2 [3], under the command of Captain [James McD.] Carrington and Lieutenant [Alexander H.] Fultz, commanding Staunton Artillery, to the right of the road about half a mile, and were for the time under the command of some other officer-Colonel [T. H.] Carter, I think. Captain [C.] Thompson, commanding Louisiana Guard Artillery, with a section of rifled guns, was placed near the road, under command of Major [D. G.] McIntosh. I was then ordered to take all the Napoleon guns unoccupied, and such other guns as would be of service, to a point farther down the road, and nearer to the enemy's breastworks. This I did, and placed the guns in position so as to have a front fire on their works and to enfilade the road. We immediately opened fire on the enemy, and succeeded in materially assisting to dislodge him from his works. During

