
the action, a charge having been made on the works by the infantry, the fire of the guns was directed upon a dense column of the enemy coming down the road in front of the Chancellor house to re-enforce those who held their line of works. Enfilading this column as we did, we very soon broke it and dispersed the men. I afterward found out from prisoners that this was Meagher's brigade.

In the meantime the enemy succeeded in turning the flank of a portion of a brigade of ours on the left of the road, and compelled it to fall back into the road a short distance in front of our guns. From the manner in which our men retired, I supposed that the enemy were close and would soon be in the road. I therefore ordered such guns as were in the road to be loaded with canister, and to fire at the word. As soon as the enemy appeared in the road, the order was given to fire, and the enemy were driven back in confusion. The batteries were then ordered forward to take position behind the works of the enemy, but before the movement could be executed entirely, the enemy reoccupied them, and we were compelled to retire to our former position.

Although very much exposed, the casualties were inconsiderable, owing to the wild fire of the enemy, caused by the destructive fire of our guns on the right, under Lieutenant-Colonel Carter.

After continuing in this position for two hours, hotly engaged, and occasionally directing the fire of some of the guns on the enemy advancing through the woods on our left, we were relieved by Major McIntosh; not, however, until the enemy had been driven from the plateau in front of the Chancellor house.

The following batteries and portions of batteries were engaged, making in all twelve guns under my command: From Colonel Carter's battalion, Captain [William P.] Carter, commanding battery, Captain [William J.] Reese, and Captain [C. W.] Fry; Captain [W. A.] Tanner, with a section of Napoleon guns of my own battalion, and Lieutenant [O. B.] Taylor, commanding a section of guns from Eubank's battery, Alexander's battalion.

My thanks are due to the officers and men for the coolness and gallantry they displayed in this trying and exposed position.

I have to regret that I have not the material at hand for a fuller and more accurate report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. JONES,

Colonel of Artillery.

[J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.]

Numbers 422. Report of Captain Willis J. Dance, First Virginia Artillery, Brown's battalion, Artillery Reserve, Second Corps.

CAMP, [May] --, 1863.

SIR: I am directed by Major [R. A.] Hardaway to make a duplicate report of the operations of the regiment while under my command at Chancellorsville.

After Colonel [S.] Crutchfield was wounded, and Colonel [J. T.] Brown took command of the artillery of the corps, that portion of the regiment with him was under command of Captain [David] Watson. Dur-

