
ing that time the hill at Chancellorsville was taken, but none of our guns were engaged. Afterward they were placed in position back of the Chancellor house, and opened on the enemy, to which they replied by a heavy fire of artillery. Soon after this, I came up with the balance of the regiment, and assumed command of the whole. We were then placed in position along the road, and remained in that position until the enemy retired, being under their fire several times, and returning it when they were thought to be advancing. Then were no casualties after I took command. In the advance upon Chancellorsville, there were several wounded, one of whom afterward died.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIS J. DANCE,

Captain, Commanding First Regiment Virginia Artillery.

Lieutenant [S. V.] SOUTHALL,

[Adjutant First Virginia Artillery.]

Numbers 423. Report of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, including the Stoneman Raid.*

HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VA., May 8, 1863.

GENERAL: In anticipation of the detailed reports, I have the honor to submit the following sketch of the operations of the cavalry immediately preceding and during the battles of the Wilderness and Chancellorsville:

The enemy had more than a week previously concentrated a large body of cavalry (two or three divisions) along the line of the Upper Rappahannock, whose attempts to hold a footing on the south bank of that river had been repulsed with loss by the two brigades with me, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier Gens. Fitzhugh and William H. F. Lee. Finally infantry appeared at Kelly's Ford and Rappahannock Bridge, but were so inactive that thus far there was nothing inconsistent with the supposition that their appearance was a feint. About dark, however, on Tuesday night, April 28, the enemy crossed below the bend of the river at Kelly's [Ford] in boats opposite our vedettes, and before the force posted to defend the ford could be sent to that point, had crossed in such numbers as to make any attempt at resistance futile. The party crossing at once threw over a pontoon bridge, and moved directly up the river, compelling our forces to abandon the ford at Kelly's, and severing our communication with the lower pickets. General W. H. F. Lee, near Brandy [Station], on receiving this intelligence, sent a regiment (Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry) at once to meet the advance of infantry, which was checked a mile above Kelly's [Ford]. I received information of this move about 9 p. m. at Culpeper, and made arrangements to have the entirely cavalry and artillery from in Culpeper on the ground at daylight the next morning, directing in the meantime that the enemy be so enveloped with pickets as to see what route he took from Kelly's [Ford] and keep him in check.

A Belgian officer of General Carl Schurz's staff was captured, who represented that the Eleventh Corps was certainly across; how much more was to follow he could not tell, but thought that the force alto-

---------------

*For joint resolution of thanks of Confederate Congress, approved February 17, 1864, to Major General J. E. B. Stuart and the officers and men under his command, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, page 712.

---------------

