
With the commanding general, who is aware of all the facts, we are content to rest our vindication, if the pursuit of the plain path of duty need vindication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 424. Report of Colonel W. C. Wickham, Fourth Virginia Cavalry.

MAY 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent movements of the Army of Northern Virginia:

At daylight on the morning of the 29th ultimo, my command was in the saddle, and proceeded to Brandy [Station], where, in conjunction with the rest of your brigade, I remained until we were ordered to Willis Madden's, sending out in the meantime scouts, who, returning, reported the enemy crossing at Germanna [Ford]. I participated in the attack on the enemy's rear at Madden's, taking a good many prisoners. From this point to Spotsylvania Court-House the duty was assigned me of protecting the rear of our artillery, which prevented me from participating in the cavalry engagement near Todd's Tavern, but a detachment which I threw into the woods took some prisoners.

On the morning of May 1, I was ordered to place myself on the left of our infantry line and protect that flank, which I did until some time after dark, when I was ordered to change my position, cover the right flank of our army before Chancellorsville, and guard the River road from Banks' Ford to Childs' house, where the enemy had heavy works. Here I remained engaged in this duty-in which I was assisted by a small detachment from the Third Cavalry, under Colonel [Thomas H.] Owen-until the enemy evacuated the position, and were followed by a small party of my men on the 6th instant, who found them in the act of removing their pontoons.

During the period specified, my command captured 251 prisoners and a large number of small-arms, including some few cavalry arms.

My loss was 1 man killed and 1 wounded and 4 men of a party left on picket on the Hazel River, who are still missing, and who, I fear, fell into the hands of the enemy.

Your obedient servant,

WILLIAMS C. WICKHAM,

Colonel Fourth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain J. D. FERGUSON, Asst. Adjt. General, Lee's Brigade.

Numbers 425. Report of Major R. F. Beckham, C. S. Artillery, commanding Stuart Horse Artillery.

MAY 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Stuart Horse Artillery previous to and during the recent battles in the vicinity of Chancellorsville:

On Friday (May 1), I had brought together at Welford's Old Furnace

