
had to be maneuvered and the obstructions encountered at various points along the road. I am glad, however, that I can report that we were able to keep up almost a continual fire upon the enemy from one or two guns from the very starting point up to the position where our lines halted for the night. The guns were rushed forward, and every slight eminence seized which served to bring a fire to bear upon the enemy. The enemy, being engaged in a retrograde movement, had every facility for choosing good ground for his artillery and impeding the progress of our men. Frequently our guns were advanced under a perfect hail-storm of canister, but the men moved on steadily, apparently unconscious of any danger. In every case our fire was directed against the batteries of the enemy, and at many points along the route were seen evidenced of our gunners' skill. When we reached a point about 1,200 yards from the intrenched position of the enemy on Chancellor's heights, our lines halted and the infantry fire ceased. A desultory fire from our artillery was kept up for a short time, which caused all of the enemy's batteries in front and to our right to open upon us. I was satisfied that no good could result from replying with two or three guns to at least twenty, and therefore directed the firing to be stopped.

It was now about 8 o'clock at night. My men and horses were completely exhausted, neither having been fed for forty-eight hours. I therefore withdrew from the position to give them some rest. Captain Moorman, with two pieces which had not been engaged, was left near the ground, ready to take part in the engagement which was to follow. All of the artillery of Colonel [S.] Crutchfield having come up, and he being supplied with guns of longer range and heavier caliber, Captain Moorman was not allowed the privilege of using his guns.

The Horse Artillery took no active part in Sunday's fight. It was placed in position to the left of the Plank road, to guard against a reported attempt of the enemy to turn our flank from the direction of the Ely's Ford road.

We remained here until ordered to join General Fitz. Lee, and moved with his brigade toward Ely's Ford, near which place we staid until we took up the march for Orange Court-House.

In the engagement of Saturday our losses were 2 men killed-1 belonging to Breathed's, the other to McGregor's, battery-both as good soldiers as could be found in the Confederacy. We had 5 horses disabled.

Officers and men did their duty well. Breathed was ever ahead, choosing the best ground for his guns.

Lieutenants [P. P.] Johnston, Wigfall, and Burwell are deserving of credit for the activity and skill displayed in bringing up and handling their pieces.

Captain Moorman's battery, though not actually engaged, was always close upon the advance and braving the same dangers as the others. Several of his men offered valuable assistance in voluntarily coming forward and relieving the exhausted and broken-down cannoneers of Breathed's and McGregor's batteries.

It is, I presume, proper to mention in this report that several of the pieces of the Horse Artillery had been detached previous to the battle. One of these had been left at Raccoon Ford, under Lieutenant [J. Wilmer] Brown, of McGregor's battery. The enemy made a bold attempt to capture this gun, having crossed the river above and come down in rear of it, but owing to the vigilance of Lieutenant Brown it was brought off safely. I am sorry to have to state that 8 of the cannoneers were taken prisoners-1 thought to have been mortally wounded. This gun had

