
staff officer of General Stuart while in command of a small party of foragers, and to Lieutenant [Thompson] Lennig, of the Lancers, for the gallant manner in which he acquitted himself in charging, with a few men, treble the number of the enemy, and routing him.

To the members of my staff I am under many obligations for their zeal and energy in the execution of their various functions, and for their assistance and valuable advice. They are officers of too much army reputation to require special notice at my hands.

My personal aides-de-camp, Captain [Frederick C.] Newhall and Lieutenants [Edwin V.] Sumner, jr., [L. S.] Elbert, [Frank] Furness, and [Walter C.] Hull, in carrying orders and dispatches at all times of night and day, and through a strange country filled with dangers, proved themselves at all times equal to the occasion. I cordially and cheerfully indorse every recommendation in regard to individual officers mad by subordinate commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

A.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Morrisville, Va., April 28, 1863.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the instructions communicated for your government on the 12th instant [following] are so far modified as to require you to cross the Rappahannock at such points as you may determine between Kelly's and Rappahannock Fords, and including them, and for a portion of your force to move in the direction of the Raccoon Ford and Louisa Court House, while the remainder is engaged in carrying into execution that part of your original instructions which relates to the enemy's force and position on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad and the line itself, the operations of this column to be considered as masking the column which is directed to move by forced marches to strike and destroy the line of the Aquia and Richmond Railroad.

You are further directed to determine on some point for the columns to unite, and it is recommended that it be on the Pamunkey and near that line, as you will there be in position with your full force to cut off the retreat of the enemy by his shortest line. In all other respects your instructions as before referred to will remain the same.

You will direct all your force to cross to night, or, if that should not be practicable, to be brought to the river and have it all thrown over before 8 o'clock tomorrow morning. If the fords should be too deep for your pack animals and artillery, they will be crossed over the bridge at Kelly's Ford. You will please furnish the officers in command of these two columns with a copy of this and of your original instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

