
of the most gallant since the opening of the war. Greenland Gap is a pass through the Knobley Mountains, only wide enough for the road and a small mountain stream. This gap was guarded by Captain Wallace, Twenty-third Illinois, with a detachment of Company G, Twenty-third Illinois Regiment, and a small detachment of Company A, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry (Captain Smith), in all between 70 and 80 men. Captain Wallace occupied a large church at the west end of and near the mouth of the gap, and Captain Smith held a log-house about 100 yards distant, both positions commanding the gap. Jones was compelled to capture or dislodge the little band before he could pass. His troops made three gallant charges, but were each time repulsed with great loss, especially of officers. The fight commenced at 5 p. m. and lasted till after dark. The rebels, availing themselves of the darkness, approached and fired the church, but the gallant Irish boys would not even then surrender till the burning roof fell in. The killed and wounded of the rebels outnumbered our whole force engaged. Five of the officers out of eight commanding the leading battalion which made the first charge were either killed or wounded, among the latter Colonel [R. H.] Dulany, commanding. Captains Wallace and Smith had only 2 men killed and 4 wounded. I counted to-day 18 dead horses within musket-range.

I most earnestly request the major-general commanding to apply to the Secretary of War to have every officer, non-commissioned officer, and private engaged in the fight presented with a medal, in recognition of the gallantry displayed.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md., April 29, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Halleck, General-in-Chief. The gallantry of the officers and men engaged in the defense herein described by General Kelley deserves special notice and commendation. I will hereafter obtain and forward the names. The result of this obstinate stand at Greenland Gap was a repulse of the enemy, and thus New Creek was protected.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Martin Wallace, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Greenland Gap.

NEW CREEK, VA., June 11, 1863.

ADJUTANT: In obedience to regimental order of April 21 last, I left camp at New Creek for Greenland Gap on the evening of the same day, with Lieutenant Fletcher and 52 men, and arrived there next morning.

About no on on April 25, I was informed by a citizen that the enemy were approaching in a large force, numbering several thousand, and were within a short distance and advancing upon New Creek. I immediately sent out mounted scouts to ascertain the facts.

