
agreeably to orders from the major-general commanding, I returned to Thompson's Four Corners, and the same evening to Yanceyville. That portion of my command which went to South Anna Bridge marched a distance of 106 miles in thirty eight hours.

On the 5th, Colonel Wyndham having rejoined me on the preceding day with four regiments and four pieces of artillery, I crossed the South Anna at Yanceyville, destroying the bridge behind me; crossed the railroad at Tolersville; marched the whole night in a drenching rain and great darkness. At about 10 o'clock passed near Orange Spring; continued the march, and at daylight on the 6th reached and crossed the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford. I left Raccoon Ford on the same day at noon, and reached Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, at 9 o'clock on the 7th.

On the morning of the 8th, I crossed at Kelly's Ford, which was swimming, with the loss of 1 man, drowned.

On the 10th, marched to Deep Run, and on the 11th to this camp.

The operations of this division were in every respect successful; nothing was undertaken which was not fully accomplished. The rations of the division were consumed on the 2nd, and we had to depend on the resources of the country traversed. When provisions could properly be taken, the men were supplied; if none could be procured, there was no complaint. Every officer and enlisted man of my command seemed to have but the single desire of inflicting the greatest amount of injury upon the enemy without violating any of the recognized rules of civilized warfare.

I cannot too highly commend all the officers and enlisted men of my command for their energy, endurance, and active desire to make all our operations successes.

It gives me great pleasure to mention in the most favorable terms the excellent conduct of the officers of my staff.

During much of this raid there was attached to the Third Division two sections of artillery, under Captain Robertson, Second Artillery, which were so well managed as always to be ready for any proposed operations. Accompanying this report will be found a list of the casualties in this command and a report of the horses and mules captured.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Division.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, May 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition sent out by order from your headquarters on the morning

of the 3rd to destroy the railroad bridge on the Chickahominy and inflict upon the enemy such damage as was possible:

I broke camp at 2 a.m. on the morning of the 3rd, made a forced

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

