
House, and marched down to within 7 miles of Richmond, where we bivouacked till 8 a.m. the next morning, when we marched for Williamsburg.

At Tunstall's Station, near the White House, on the Richmond and York River Railroad, a train of cars, filled with infantry and a battery of three guns, was run out to oppose us. I thought it best to make an effort to break through before the men could be got out of the cars or the battery in position. I therefore brought up my two foremost squadrons, and ordered a charge, which was executed by them, Captain Reans, with Companies D and F, taking the lead, and followed by Captain Shears, with Companies H and I. This charge was most gallantly made. The infantry filled the embankment of the railroad, and poured upon us a severe fire, but my men dashed up to the embankment in splendid style, and with carbines and pistols responded to the fire with at least equal effect. It was, however, impossible to break through; there were formidable rifle-pits to the left of the road, and the enemy soon filled them, and we were forced to retire, with a loss of 2 killed and several wounded; among the latter Lieutenant Marsh, who was among the foremost in the charge, and who received so severe a wound in the right arm that we were obliged to leave him in one of the neighboring houses.

Failing to penetrate the enemy's line at this point, I determined to cross the Pamunkey and Mattapony Rivers and make for Gloucester Point. In this movement I had nothing to guide me but a common map of the State of Virginia, and I was in entire ignorance of the position of the enemy's forces, except that the line before me was closed. My information was of that poor sort derived from contrabands. I selected Plunkett's Ferry, over the Pamunkey, and occupied it, after driving away a picket on the other side, with which we exchanged shots. We crossed here in a boat holding 15 or 18 men and horses, which was poled over the river. Our passage was not disputed. In the same manner we crossed the Mattapony at Walkerton, after driving away a picket, two of which we captured. Between these two ferries a portion of the command, under Major Bronson, became detached, and did not join us until the 7th instant. They captured 15 rebels and destroyed a quantity of saddles at King and Queen Court-House. From Walkerton we marched to Gloucester Point, having traveled a distance of over 200 miles, much of it through Southern homes never before disturbed by the presence of an enemy. Not far from Saluda we captured and destroyed a train of 18 wagons, loaded with corn and provisions.

Our total loss in the expedition has been 2 commissioned officers and 33 enlisted men. We brought with us 100 mules and 75 horses, captured from the enemy. We captured on the course of our march a much larger number, which we could not bring in. The amount of property destroyed is estimated at over &amp;1,000,000.

Respectfully submitted.

H. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, Commanding at Yorktown, Va.

No. 9. Report of Brigadier General John Buford, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Brigade.

HDQRS. CAVALRY RESERVE, Deep Run, May 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from corps headquarters, the brigade, composed of the First, Second,

