
Fifth, and Sixth U. S. Cavalry, left camp at Falmouth at 8 a.m. on April 13, and marched to Morrisville, 21 miles, where it encamped for the night. Elder's four gun battery joined the column at Hartwood.

On the 14th, at daylight, the brigade was in front of Kelly's Ford, where it remained till 4 p.m. The object in view at Kelly's Ford was to make a demonstration in favor of the portions of the corps that were to cross the river higher up. The demonstration was a success, as it had since been ascertained that all of the forces at or near Culpeper were hurried to Kelly's Ford. While at the ford, the enemy opened upon the brigade with two 10-pounder Parrotts; fired 13 shots. Lieutenant Elder replied from his four guns, firing 12 shots, and drove the rebel guns out of sight. The enemy occupied the rifle-pits on their side of the river and fired upon us, doing no damage, save wounding 3 horses of Captain Clary's squadron, of the Second Cavalry. The enemy had 5 men hit during the day about their rifle-pits. Not a man of the brigade was touched.

At 6.30 a.m. on the 15th, the brigade was at Rappahannock Bridge, ready to cross. Here orders were given to await further instructions.

At 11 a.m. the ford was swimming. At 10 a.m. Lieutenant Walker, of the Fifth, unaccompanied, crossed the river, in easy range of the enemy's picket guard, 35 strong.

At midnight of the 15th, the Sixth was ordered to Morrisville to guard the trains. The country at that hour was like a sea. The regiment reached Morrisville on the 16th, having had Marsh Run to swim.

The brigade bivouacked near the Rappahannock Bridge until the morning of the 18th, when it moved up the railroad to near Bealeton. The enemy threw a few shells into the bivouac just after the command had marched.

On the 20th, the brigade marched to near Fayetteville, and picketed the river.

On the 22nd, the brigade marched to Warrenton Junction; remained there until the 28th, then started for Kelly's Ford; was prevented from reaching Kelly's Ford by bad roads and fog.

Arrived at and crossed Kelly's Ford on the 29th, and marched about 4 miles, when the advance was fired into.

On the night of the 29th, Captain Drummond's and Lieutenant Walker's squadrons, of the Fifth, dashed off to Brandy Station to communicate with General Averell. At Brandy Station they found the Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry and a battery opposed to General Averell. No communication could be made with General Averell. The squadrons returned during the night, having accomplished their mission in a most handsome manner. The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry joined the brigade at Kelly's Ford, and served with it up to the present time. While halted at the forks of the road near Stevensburg, my pickets were fired upon on four different roads. They all behaved handsomely, and dispersed the foe opposed to them.

On the morning of the 30th, the packs were sent to General Slocum, and the column started to Mitchell's Ford, on the Rapidan. The leading squadron, Lieutenant Mason's, of the Fifth, swam the river at Mitchell's, and scoured the country up to Morton's and Raccoon Fords. Mitchell's Ford was found impracticable. The command moved up to Morton's, and there crossed the river, one squadron of the Sixth Pennsylvania taking the lead, and joining Mason's squadron on the south side of the river. These two squadrons scoured the country up to Somerville Ford, and drove off some of the enemy's forces, capturing some 15 prisoners. Lieutenant Peter Penn Gaskell drove the rebel pickets

