
No. 10. Report of Captain Richard S. C. Lord, First U. S. Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR MORRISVILLE, VA., May 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the duties performed by my regiment in the recent expedition of General Stoneman:

The regiment left Camp Allen, Va., April 13, with 20 officers and 547 men.

On the 14th, the regiment was under artillery fire at Kelly's Ford, and behaved with the greatest coolness.

On the 20th, 37 men and horses were sent back, by the orders of the corps commander, on account of being unable to perform the marches required of them. Lieutenant Benton was allowed by me to return with this party, in consequence of the statement that he was unable to accompany the expedition. The attending surgeon considered him equal to the duties required of him, and refused to give him a certificate of inability.

On the 28th, the regiment had the advance in crossing Kelly's Ford, and during that night was fired into by the picket of the enemy.

On May 2, the regiment was detached, with orders to destroy the road and public buildings of the Virginia Central Railroad between Louisa Court-House and Frederickshall, and, if possible, the bridge over the North Anna River, 6 miles north of Frederickshall. In obedience to this order, I marched with 251 men and 14 officers, the remainder of my horses being so much broken down as to be unable to accompany the expedition. I destroyed at Tolersville the railroad track, culverts, all the switches, three water-houses and water-tanks, cars, telegraph, depot, and store-houses, containing a large amount of public property, flour, potatoes, Confederate uniforms, &amp;c. At Frederickshall I destroyed the railroad track, water-tanks, culverts, telegraph line and instruments, rendering the line of the railroad impassable for a distance of 15 miles. I also burned the bridge on the North Anna River; this in the face of the enemy's pickets, thereby preventing the possibility of a pursuit by the enemy's cavalry, then said to be at Spotsylvania.

During this expedition the regiment captured 5 prisoners, and although the regiment was frequently fired at by the enemy's pickets, it rejoined General Stoneman's command, with the loss of 1 horse killed by the enemy, after an absence of twenty-four hours.

On the 5th, in the expedition under General Buford on Gordonsville, the regiment furnished 246 men and 16 officers. The regiment shared the hardships of the remainder of the expedition, and, although exposed to the most extreme fatigue, hunger, and cold, performed its duties in the most satisfactory and cheerful manner. I can but speak in terms of the highest praise of the coolness and gallantry of all the men of any command, both officers and men.

Changes in the regiment since the commencement of the expedition:

Discharged, 23; missing,18; captured and paroled, 3.

Respectfully submitted to Brigadier General J. Buford, commanding Regular Reserve Cavalry Brigade.

R. S. C. LORD,

Captain First U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Reserve Cavalry Brigade.

