
had 4 men wounded. Private [George W.] Burch, of Company A, had seven saber cuts, and Private [William L.] Troup, of Company I, shot through the shoulder. Captain Owens, returning to report the force of the enemy, seeing my force drawn up in line prepared to charge, joined with me in the attack, and was there captured.

It affords me great pleasure to recommend to the consideration of the general commanding the gallantry displayed by the following-named officers who participated in this affair with me: Captain Owens, Lieutenants Hastings [adjutant], Leib, Walker, Urban, Stoddard, and Buford, and Dr.[George L.] Porter, whose conduct, I am proud to state, would have merited the praise of any commanding officer during such an emergency.

On the afternoon of the 5th, left Yanceyville, and marched to within 4 miles of Gordonsville, on the Louisa Court-House and Gordonsville road, and then, returning a short distance, took another road, and marched until 4 o'clock on the morning of the 6th; halted two hours, allowing the men to make coffee and feed their horses. Captain Drummond, with the detachment of 200 men, rejoined the regiment at noon. We then proceeded on our march toward the Rapidan, and crossed at Raccoon Ford, at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 7th; bivouacked until 10.30 a.m. Continued the march toward Kelly's Ford, where we arrived at 9 p.m., and there the regiment was detailed for picket on the Culpeper road.

On the morning of the 8th, crossed Kelly's Ford at 9 o'clock, and, after the corps had crossed, proceeded as far as Rappahannock Station and encamped.

The regiment has been on picket near the Grove Church, picketing the Rappahannock River from Ellis' Ford to Mountain Run, since the 10th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. HARRISON,

Captain Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Commanding Reserve Brigade.

No. 12. Report of Captain Thomas Drummond, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

[MAY]-, 1863.

SIR: On the evening of the 3rd instant, I left camp at Thompson's Cross-Roads, with a detachment of 200 men and 4 officers of the Fifth Cavalry, taking the Richmond road, and examining all the fords of the South Anna above Allen's Creek. The first, or upper one, I found practicable for cavalry and artillery; the others impassable. The bridge on the Goochland Court-House road, near the mouth of Allen's Creek, had been partially but not successfully destroyed, and I refired it. A flat-boat and the bridge across the mill-race at this point were also destroyed.

After remaining in camp for a few hours at the Octagon Church, below Allen's Creek, I started about daylight next morning on the road to Goochland Court-House. The command was halted at Oakland Church, and two platoons sent forward, under command of Lieutenant Jones, who found the village nearly deserted by the inhabitants. None

