
of our forces had previously been there, nor did he hear of any above. Lieutenant Jones took 1 prisoner. As soon as he rejoined the command, I returned to Thompson's Cross-Roads, securing 15 serviceable horses and 3 mules on the way.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. DRUMMOND,

Captain Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

No. 13. Report of Captain James M. Robertson, Second U. S. Artillery, commanding Horse Artillery, including operations April 13-May 10.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of that portion of the brigade of Horse Artillery with me in the late raid in the rear of the enemy's army in the direction of Richmond:

I left camp near Aquia Creek, Va., at 7 a.m., April 13, with Battery E, Fourth Artillery, Lieutenant S. S. Elder commanding [four guns]: and Batteries B and L, Second Artillery, Lieutenant A. O. Vincent commanding [six guns], and marched to Hartwood Church. At this place Lieutenant Elder was detached with his battery, and assigned to duty under the orders of General Buford. At 9 p.m. I marched with the two remaining batteries, and reported to General Gregg, at Grove Church. The night being dark and the roads very difficult and muddy, and also obstructed with wagon trains, I did not reach that point till daylight on the 14th.

After resting two hours, I moved forward to Bealeton Station, arriving at 1 p.m. Lieutenant Clarke was here ordered forward to Rappahannock Bridge, where he was for a short time engaged with the enemy, Lieutenant Elder at the same time being engaged with him at Kelly's Ford. The reports of these officers I herewith inclose.*

On the 15th, the command moved forward to the ford above Rappahannock Bridge, but, owing to the severe rain-storm, it was found impracticable to cross. The batteries were recalled and went into bivouac, where we remained until the 18th, when we moved back to Bealeton Station.

On the 19th, by direction of General Stoneman, one section from each of the three batteries was selected to accompany the expedition, and the remainder under the command of Lieutenant Clarke, returned to Falmouth, with orders to report to the chief of artillery.

On the 20th, we moved forward to near White Sulphur Springs. The roads were in a most horrible condition.

On the 22nd, we marched to Warrenton Junction. The railroad having been repaired, we got full supplies of rations and forage, and remained till 5 p.m. of the 28th, when we again moved forward to Bealeton Station. The roads were very heavy, and the night so dark we did not reach Bealeton till 1 a.m.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

