
[Inclosure.]

[MAY]-, 1863.

SIR: Wednesday [April 29], Chambliss' Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, with one piece of artillery, was left at Kelly's [Ford]. [Lieutenant Colonel William H.] Payne, with 100 men of the Second North Carolina Cavalry, had gone to Germanna [Ford]. I, with the Ninth, went to Willis Madden's with General Stuart. Left him that night and went to Culpeper Court-House with the Ninth Virginia Cavalry. Chambliss joined me there that night.

Thursday [30th], marched from Culpeper to Rapidan Station with Ninth and Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry and one piece of artillery. Left one squadron in Culpeper, which fell back before the enemy and joined me at Rapidan; enemy appeared that evening.

Friday [May 1], engaged all day with one or two brigades of cavalry. One charge made by Colonel Beale with one squadron to draw them out took 30 prisoners, but could not bring them off; was pressed very hard; had orders from General Lee to burn the bridge and fall back to Gordonsville; burned the bridge, but held my position all day; enemy commenced moving toward night in force on my left; withdrew at night, and marched at night toward Gordonsville.

Saturday [2nd], reached Gordonsville at 11 a.m.; heard on my arrival that a large body of the enemy was at Trevilian's Depot and Louisa Court-House; sent the Ninth Virginia in that direction; their vedettes were driven in by the enemy; they charged and drove them 3 miles, killing and wounding a number and took 32 prisoners- 1 lieutenant. My loss was 3 or 4 wounded. Four prisoners taken represented three different regiments. Went to their assistance with Thirteenth Virginia and two pieces of artillery; met Colonel Beale falling back; took a position and awaited their approach; they did not advance; learned that General Stoneman, with his whole corps, was at Louisa Court-House, moving toward James River; supposed his object was to tear up railroad. They not coming on, my men and horses being worried out by four days' fighting and marching, left out my pickets and withdrew to Gordonsville.

Sunday [3rd], received information from my scouts that the enemy were leaving Louisa and moving in the direction of Columbia. Knowing their object was to destroy the aqueduct, I started after them; arrived there at night; heard they had left in a great hurry; pursued all night. At daybreak, having traveled 60 or 70 miles, and the enemy being three hours ahead of me, halted. My vedettes reported enemy about 1 mile in advance; had exchanged words, and they said they belonged to Fifth Regulars; the party I was pursuing was Wyndham's.

Monday [4th] started forward, and came upon him drawn up in road; one squadron of Ninth [Virginia] was ahead a few hundred yards; charged; enemy charged at same time; fought hand-to-hand four or five minutes; routed the party; killed 6, wounded a number, took 33 prisoners, among them Captain [Wesley] Owens and Lieutenant [Temple] Buford. Captain Owens reported that his regiment was not all present, but that he was on picket; that General [John] Buford was only 3 miles distant. My horses and men being jaded, and having only about 800 men, I determined not to pursue; continued back to Gordonsville, having traveled 70 or 80 miles.

Tuesday [5th], rested, having sent out scouting parties; heard by telegram from Richmond that the enemy were everywhere.

Wednesday [6th], having received information that the enemy were recrossing the railroad, moved down upon his left flank; came upon his

