
rear at North Anna River; took 17 or 18 prisoners. Their rear guard had crossed the river and torn up the bridge. It had been raining all day and river was past fording. Hearing that this was only one party, and that another column was moving lower down, went in that direction; found they had all crossed North Anna River and destroyed bridges behind them; moved that night in direction of Louisa Court-House; bivouacked within 3 miles of Court-House.

Thursday [7th], went to Trevilian's Depot; moved at 3 p.m. for Orange Court-House; scouts reported that the enemy had crossed the Rapidan.

W. H. F. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

General J. E. B. STUART.]

MAY 2, 1863.-Skirmish near Lewisburg, W. Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.

No. 2.- Lieutenant Colonel George M. Edgar, Twenty-sixth Virginia Battalion.

No. 3.- Itinerary of the Third Division, Eighth Army Corps, Arpil

30-May 5.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.

DUBLIN, VA., May 4, 1863.

SIR: Enemy's cavalry, reported over 800, attacked Lieutenant-Colonel [George M.] Edgar's small battalion at Lewisburg early on morning of 2nd. Edgar repulsed them without loss. At 5 p.m. the enemy had fallen back 5 miles. His loss 30 killed and wounded, and 7 prisoners. Indications are that the attack would be renewed with increased force. I have sent forward re-enforcements, and shall send all the Eighth Virginia Cavalry that are mounted, unless your order me to send them to General Lee. Please answer immediately, and give me the latest news of military operations in the east.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, Va., May 5, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar repulsed the enemy's cavalry at Lewisburg on the morning of the 2nd instant so effectually that they fell back beyond the Sewell Mountains, and had not renewed the attack up to 12 m. on the 3rd instant. By his judicious arrangements to receive the enemy, and the gallant and spirited conduct of his men, Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar repulsed the enemy, outnumbering him by about three to one; killed and wounded something over thirty; captured a number of arms and several horses, fully caparisoned, without the loss of a man. While vastly more important military operations

