
CAMP, Aquia Church, Va., February 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have carefully investigated the affair of the morning of February 6, 1863, concerning the capture of the picket under command of Lieutenant English, and can really find no grounds on which to base charges against him.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

REUBEN REINHOLD,

Major Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Brigadier-General STAHEL.

FEBRUARY 9, 1863.-Skirmish near Somerville, Va.

Report of Major Charles McLean Know, Ninth York Cavalry, commanding brigade.

ALLCOCL'S, February 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I received information last night that a party of the Back Horse Cavalry were in the neighborhood of Morrisville post-office. I sent Captain Dickson, of the Ninth New York Cavalry, out at daybreak this morning in command of a reconnoitering party, with orders to proceed to Morrisville, thence to Somerville, and return by the Somerville road. When near Somerville, he came upon a party of rebels concealed in a thick wood. They charged upon the advance guard under charge of Scout Cook, when Captain Dickinson rapidly advanced upon them, and after several volleys were fired, the rebels gave way, and Captain Dickson pursued them and scattered them completely. We had 2 men wounded. Lieutenant Schwartz, of the Fourth New York Cavalry, accompanied him with a party of the Fourth New York Cavalry, and behaved with great coolness.

I shall proceed to Stafford as soon as the wagons return. I may not be able to get very far to-day, as the roads are in a terrible condition, and the horses of our teams very much worn out, but I hope to get a couple of miles beyond Hartwood Church. I shall send out patrols and throw out strong pickets to-night if I halt, and be in constant readiness for any emergency.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

CHARLES McLEAN KNOX,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General STAHEL, Commanding First Div., 11th Army Corps.

FEBRUARY 10-12, 1863.-Expedition from Beverly into Pocahontas Country, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General August Moor, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN BRIGADE,Buckhannon, Va., February 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 10th instant I started an expedition from Beverly, consisting of 60 cavalry and 75 infantry, commanded by Captain {Chatham T.] Ewing, Second Regiments Virginia Volunteer Infantry, to capture rebel recruiting parties and stores in Pocahontas Country.

Captain Ewing was instructed to proceed with the mounted men that

