
It gives me great pleasure to bear testimony to the soldierly bearing and gallantry of the majority of the officers and men of my command during this engagement. All were aware of the disparity of numbers between our force and that of the enemy, and yet with but few exceptions both officers and men discharged their duties faithfully and bravely. Deeming it invidious to instance particular

officers among so many who discharged their whole duty, I will only mention those who were but temporarily connected with my command, viz: Lieutenant John A. Feamster, of the Greenbrier Cavalry, and Lieutenant [J. T.] Elmore, of the Engineer Corps. The former, who had charge of 28 mounted men, disposed his men to the best possible advantage, and acted himself throughout the engagement with distinguished gallantry. The latter served as my aide during the engagement, and behaved with marked coolness and bravery.

The number of men engaged on our side did not exceed 250. The strength of the enemy has been variously estimated by prisoners and citizens at from 500 to 700. The attack was made at 1 o'clock in the morning, and lasted fifteen or twenty minutes.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. EDGAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. H. CATLETT, Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

[Inclosures.]

[MAY] -, 1863.

To the Officer commanding at Lewisburg:

Mr. Tuckwiller consents to allow 2 men, seriously wounded, to remain at his house, as they cannot be moved. They, together with the sergeant who remains to nurse, will be your prisoners, of course, and I ask that you will use the humanity that you would have the right to expect from us.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

O. NELLIS,

First Asst. Surg. Second [West] Va. Regiment Vol. Cav.

P. S.-If you will do me the favor to supply a surgeon to assist in amputating a leg, it will be received as a kindness.

[MAY] -, 1863.

O. NELLIS, First Asst. Surg. Second [W.] Va. Cav., U. S. Army:

Your favor has been received. Any communication from your commanding officer will be received.

GEO. M. EDGAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

ON THE FIELD, May 2, 1863.

Commanding Officer of Confederate Forces before Lewisburg:

Your note received. I did not know that my surgeon had gone to the front with a flag. His and my wish is to take care of our dead and wounded. I ask for nothing except what the laws of war and humanity ask for.

J. C. PAXTON,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

