
May 1, at 1 a.m., reached that foot of Big. Sewell Mountain and bivouacked. Rested until 3 p.m., when he again marched, meeting scouts of the enemy at the foot of Little Sewell Mountain. Skirmished to within 4 miles of Lewisburg, where he found a detachment of the enemy intrenched, and, after a sharp skirmish, drove them from their works. Colonel Paxton then withdrew, having but 4 killed, 8 wounded, 4 missing, and 28 horses killed. Colonel Paxton reached camp May 5; distance traveled, 186 miles.

MAY 3, 1863.-Skirmish at Warrenton Junction, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Washington, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, commanding division.

Numbers 3.-Major Benjamin F. Chamberlain, First West Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Washington, with congratulatory orders.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd of May, between 8 and 9 a.m., Mosby, with his band of guerrillas, together with a portion of the Black Horse Cavalry and a portion of a North Carolina regiment, came suddenly through the woods upon 50 or our men of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, who were in camp feeding their horses, just having returned from a scout, the remainder of that regiment being out in different directions to scout the country on the right of the Warrenton and Alexandria Railroad, and toward the Rappahannock.

Our men being surprised and completely surrounded, rallied in a house close at hand, and where a sharp fight ensued. Our men defended themselves as long as their ammunition lasted, notwithstanding the rebels built a large fire about the house of hay and straw and brushwood. The flames reaching the house, and their ammunition being entirely expended, they were obliged to surrender. At this juncture, a portion of the Fifth Regiment New York Cavalry, which was posted in the rear, some distance from the First Virginia Cavalry, came to their rescue, making a very brilliant charge,which resulted in the complete annihilation of Mosby's command, and recapture of our men and property. Our men pursued the rebels in every direction, killing and wounding a large number, and had our horses been in better condition, and not tired out by the severe service of the last few days, Mosby, nor a single one of his men, would have escaped.

The rebel loss was very heavy, their killed being strewn along the road from Warrenton Junction to Warrenton, and, besides these, many were immediately removed from the fields and woods by the citizens in that vicinity.

The citizens report having seen a great many of Mosby's men, who were wounded in the beginning of the engagement, crawling through the woods, seeking shelter and hiding-places.

