
We have thus far captured over 30 prisoners and 40 horses; 16 of the prisoners were badly wounded, and were sent with the rest to the provost-marshal at Alexandria.

Among the killed of the rebels is Templeton, the notorious spy, and among the wounded and captured is Dick Moran, Mosby's leading man, Captain S. P. Dushane, and Lieutenant [T. M.] Grigsby and Sam. [L.] Underwood.

The loss on our side in killed is, 2 privates; in wounded, 5 officers and 10 privates, a list of which is inclosed.*

I take the liberty of recommending to your notice the officers and men who so gallantly repulsed and totally destroyed this rebel force, and particularly I would mention Colonel De Forest, Major Hammond, Captain Krom, Captain Penfield, Captain McMaster, and Lieutenants Munson and McBride, of the Fifth New York Cavalry; and Major Steele, Captain Harris, and Captain McCoy, of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, and Captain Bean of the First Vermont Cavalry.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

Captain C. H. POTTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Numbers 26. May 14, 1863.

The major-general commanding congratulates Colonel De Forest, of the Fifth New York Cavalry, his officers and men, for their gallant rescue of a detachment of the First [West] Virginia, surprised and overpowered by rebel guerrillas under Major Mosby, and for the thorough manner in which they defeated them.

Again the necessity is urged upon all troops, and especially parties on distant and detached service, to establish their guards and pickets on every occasion in such a manner as to render a surprise impossible.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

LEAVITT HUNT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS ABERCROMBIE'S DIVISION,Centreville, May 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following information, obtained from Colonel Blunt, Twelfth Vermont, commanding infantry on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, is respectfully submitted for the information of the major-general commanding:

Between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd ultimo, an outpost of the First Virginia (Union) Cavalry at Warrenton Junction, numbering about 100 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Krepps' command, were surprised and attacked by Major Mosby with his force

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

70 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

