
of about 125 men. The men of the First [West] Virginia were scattered about the station, their horses being for the most part unsaddled, in order to be groomed and fed. Mosby's force came in upon them from the direction of Warrenton, which place they left at daylight. Their front rank was dressed in the uniform of United States soldiers, and they were supposed to be a force of Union cavalry until within a short distance, when they charged and surrounded the house in and about which the Firs [West] Virginia lay. After a short fight, in which several of the rebels were killed and wounded, the men of the First [West] Virginia for the most part surrendered, and about 40 were being taken toward Warrenton by their captors, when a detachment of 70 men of the Fifth New York Cavalry, which was camped near by, under command of Major Hammond, came up, charged upon the rebels, and a running fight ensued, which was continued for 5 miles, in the course of which all the prisoners taken by Mosby were recaptured, with the exception of 2. Three rebels were killed on the spot, among them one shown by passes found on his person to be Templeton, a notorious scout and spy. Seventeen rebels were wounded and taken prisoners, among them 2 captains, 1 lieutenant, and Dick Moran, rebel spy. Six were taken uninjured, making 23 prisoners.

Moran and several others were mortally wounded. Our loss was, of the First [West] Virginia, Major Steele, mortally wounded; Captain McCoy, slightly wounded; 1 private killed, and 9 men wounded, of the Fifth New York. Captain Krom badly, and Lieutenants McBride and Munson slightly, wounded. Mosby is reported wounded in the shoulder.

His force was pursued through Warrenton, scattered with the exception of about 20 men, and a number now are supposed to have been wounded, who escaped capture.

About 30 of Mosby's horses were taken. Three men of the Twelfth Vermont were captured near their camp, but escaped. A party of the First Vermont Cavalry, Major Hall commanding, joined in the pursuit, but were not engaged in the skirmish. The prisoners were sent in by railroad this p.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain CARROLL H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. Washington.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Benjamin F. Chamberlain, First West Virginia Cavalry.

FAIRFAX STATION, May 3, 1863.

SIR: The Third Brigade of Major-General Stahel's Cavalry Division, on their return from Rappahannock Station, had encamped at Warrenton Junction for the night. This morning, about 7 o'clock, they were attacked by about 1,000 rebel cavalry. The First [West] Virginia met the attack, and were about being repulsed, but were sustained by the Fifth New York in routing them, and, with the First Vermont, followed in close pursuit, capturing some 30 prisoners, among whom was a Major [Dick] Moran, mortally wounded, 1 lieutenant, and 14 others, wounded. Our loss 2 killed, Corpl. Adam S. Nichols and Private Samuel Bauman, both Company C, First [West] Virginia Cavalry, and 12 wounded. Also

