
Major Steele and Captain McCoy, both wounded, Major Steele mortally; Captain Krom, Company G; Lieutenant Munson, Company L; Lieutenant McBride, Company B, of Fifth New York, wounded. Corpl. Adam S. Nichols was forced to surrender, after which he was shot with his own pistol. Among the enemy's killed was found a Mr. Templeton, upon whose person was found papers signed by General Lee; also papers showing that he had been in Washington not two days previous. At this writing Major Steele is in a dying condition.

B. F. CHAMBERLAIN,

Commanding First Virginia Cavalry.

Major VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 12-14, 1863.-Scout from Snicker's Ferry, and skirmish (13th) at Upperville, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Eighth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Andrew T. McReynolds, First New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Eighth Army Corps.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 15, 1863.

GENERAL: The First New York, under Captain Boyd, returned yesterday, bringing in 8 prisoners and 16 horses. Five of the prisoners were taken from Mosby's Cavalry, with whom he had a skirmish at Upperville, killing 1, wounding several. They occupied both Leesburg and Upperville; scoured the country thoroughly, and had several slight skirmishes. Lost but 1 man, mortally wounded. Their appearance in Leesburg and Upperville occasioned the report that Heintzelman sent of rebel cavalry in those two places.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General SCHENCK.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Andrew T. McReynolds, First New York Cavalry.

BERRYVILLE, VA.,

May 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Captain Boyd, with his command of 200, First New York Cavalry, has just returned to camp. My anxiety to communicate the result of the movements of the expedition would not admit of the delay incident to a formal report from the captain. I have just noted down from his lips the following:

On the morning of the 12th, left Snicker's Ferry at 9 o'clock; reached

