
Snickersville at 10 o'clock; moved on the Harper's Ferry road to Woodgrove, 5 miles distant; thence to Newville, 6 miles; thence to Bolington, 6 miles; thence to Purcellville, 6 miles. Captured 1 prisoner of First Virginia Cavalry. Here divided the command, sending Captain Hendricks with one portion to Wheatland and Waterford, with orders to proceed to Leesburg, Captain Boyd proceeding with the other party by the Leesburg pike, passing through Hamilton, to the small points to Leesburg, reaching there at 5 p.m. Captain Hendricks joined at 6 p.m., where the entire command remained for the night.

At 6 a.m., 13th, command moved to Goose Creek; crossed with difficulty, the water being high and current strong. There divided the command, sending Captain Jones, with four companies, through Mountville, Philomont, and Union, to Middleburg, 5 miles, where they captured 3 prisoners, Twelfth Virginia and First Virginia Cavalry; balance of command moved direct to Aldie, distant 12 miles; took pike to Middleburg, 5 miles, where the forces again united. Sent Captain Jones, with the four companies, through Bloomfield to the rear of Upperville, Boyd moving with the remainder direct to Upperville, joining Jones, and encamping for the night of the 13th between Upperville and Paris.

On the morning of the 14th, moved with the command at 7 o'clock; passed Upperville, halting about 2 miles from the village, sending different squads through the mountain. Mosby's force, some 40 men, were at Upperville, but scattered to the mountains on our approach. They charged some 20, on Piedmont road, 6 miles from Upperville; a number of shots fired, but no casualties. Moved at 11 o'clock (the squads having returned, skirmishing with small parties at long range, so distant that they could not get at them) from Bloomfield, Union, and Philomont to Snickersville; passed up to Shepherdstown, 3 miles from Snicker's Ferry, where the command forded the river, and returned to camp with 8 prisoners (5 of Mosby's), leaving 1 wounded so badly that he could not be moved, who was paroled; 16 horses captured.

In the various skirmishes we lost 3 horses, shot dead; 1 man, dangerously wounded, left at a farm-house near Upperville. He was shot or bushwhacked while straggling. No force of rebels in Loundon but Mosby's, [George R.] Gaither's, and a few of [E. V.] White's stragglers, not exceeding in all 200 men, and much scattered. Mosby had not been down toward Harper's Ferry, as reported, but a few of White's men had, not more than 12 in all. Mosby's men don't wear uniforms, but appear like citizens.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ANDREW T. McREYNOLDS,

Colonel First New York Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain JOHN O. CRAVENS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Eighth Army Corps.

P. S.-I was right in my conjectures that the rebel force reported General Schenck as being at Upperville and Leesburg were our men, 200 magnified into 900. This is about a nearly correct as we generally get it.

I would respectfully suggest that a concerted movement of the cavalry of General Stahel, with the First New York, crossing up near Berry's Ferry, and Captain [S. C.] Means' company, moving from the direction of Harper's Ferry, sweeping the whole country from the line of Fauquier to the Potomac, would, I think, clean that section pretty effectually, moving in parties of not less than 20 each.

