
of the bridge. They have driven the re-enforcements back, with a loss of 6 wounded. This is reliable, as a hand-car with the scouts left the train and brought the information. The train will re-enforcements has gone back toward bridge to pick up some skirmishers. Colonel Mulligan is in camp, about 1 miles from here.

G. W. E. DORSEY.

Colonel N. WILKINSON.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel George R. Latham, Second West Virginia Infantry, of skirmish at West Union.

WESTON, W. VA., May 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you that on May 4, being then in camp at Bridgeport, I received your order to proceed with my regiment on the railroad westward, for the purpose of protecting it from the incursions of the enemy. I immediately started, and leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Scott with three companies at Salem, 15 miles from Clarksburg, I proceeded with the other six companies to West Union, in Doddridge County, 14 miles farther, at which place I arrived about 3 a. m. the 5th instant.

During the morning of the same day a train arrived from Parkersburg, with one company of the Eleventh West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, having distributed the balance of that regiment at different points along the road.

Nothing of importance occurred here until about 6 p. m. on the 6th instant, when two regiments of rebel cavalry made their appearance, driving in our pickets on the Weston and Clarksburg roads at the same time. They approached to within about 600 yards, as though they would attack, but a volley from our long-range rifled muskets caused them to fall back, and night soon coming on, which was very dark, they drew off, having destroyed two small railroad bridges at Smithton, 3 miles east of West Union.

At this place the enemy captured 15 of my outside infantry pickets and 3 scouts, all of whom were informally paroled, and have been ordered to duty. We took 1 prisoner. No other loss known on either side.

I remained at West Union until the 11th instant, when I received your order to join the balance of the command at this place. I started immediately and reached here on the 13th instant.

I have the honor to report my regiment in good condition with regard both to health and spirits.

I am, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

G. R. LATHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Weston, W. Va.

Numbers 6. Itinerary of the First Division, Eighth Army Corps, April 1-30, 1863.*

April 1.-Brigadier-General Kelley assumed command, by formal order, of the First Division, Eighth Army Corps, under General Orders, Numbers 19, Department Headquarters, at Harper's Ferry.

---------------

*From "Record of Events," on division return.

---------------

