
MAY 18-20, 1863.-Skirmishes at and about Fayetteville, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Abstract from "Record of Events," Third Division, Eighth Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

FAYETTE COURT-HOUSE, W. VA.,

May 24, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the skirmishes which occurred on May 18, 19, and 20, in the vicinity of this post:

On the 18th, in obedience to orders from your headquarters, I sent four companies (A, F, E, and K), under command of Captain Robert Wilson, to drive back a force of the enemy that was menacing our pickets on the Raleigh and Paint Creek roads, on Blake's farm, 7 miles from Fayette, and then pushed on with a small force of cavalry 6 miles farther, when he found the enemy posted and ready to receive him. He drew their fire, and returned to the infantry post at Blake's.

On the morning of the 19th, the enemy advanced in force, and attacked the outposts at Blake's farm. As soon as the firing began in front, a considerable body of the enemy, who had marched around the position during the night, commenced a sharp attack upon Company K, posted some distance in the rear. The detachment was then marched by the flank into the woods, and retreated by the mountains, reaching camp in good order, with a loss of only 3 men wounded and 6 missing. The wounded have since been recovered.

For a more detailed account of this affair, I refer you to the statement of Captain Wilson, which is herewith respectfully transmitted.*

After passing Blake's farm, the enemy pressed forward, driving in our pickets. In obedience to orders, I placed the Twelfth [Ohio] Regiment in position on a line with the two front redans.

About noon the enemy opened fire from three pieces of artillery posted on a hill near the Raleigh road, distant about half a mile from the two redans occupied by the right and center of the Twelfth [Ohio] Regiment. His firing was kept up steadily until dark, and, though well directed, did but little injury. Two pieces from Captain J. R. McMullin's battery, in the front redan, replied to the enemy's position being much screened by timber and underbrush.

May 20.-Enemy opened fire at 3.30 a.m., his pieces posted nearly the same as the day before. His shots were quite rapid at first, but slackened toward noon, and ceased entirely about 2 p.m. On this day their fire did no damage.

At 4 p.m., I pushed out a small party to watch the enemy. They felt carefully forward through the timber on each side of the Raleigh road for 2 miles, and found no enemy. From citizens they learned that he was making a very rapid retreat.

Our loss from the command was 1 sergeant killed, 1 sergeant and 3 privates wounded-none dangerously.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

