
I beg leave to mention the coolness of both officers and men, and their patient endurance of fatigue and loss of sleep.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. D. HINES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 2. Abstract from "Record of Events," Third Division, Eighth Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.

The post at Fayetteville (garrisoned by the Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, two companies of the Second West Virginia Cavalry, and two sections of McMullin's battery, commanded by Colonel C. B. White) was attacked on the morning of May 19 by rebel forces under Colonel McCausland, consisting of three regiments of infantry, a battalion of cavalry, and a battery of six guns. The enemy opened with four guns upon our works, our guns replying, and continued to cannonade until noon of the 20th, when he withdrew. Meantime Colonel White, having been re-enforced by three regiments of infantry, pursued as far as Raleigh Court-House, 25 miles, with continued skirmishing. Our loss was 2 killed, 7 wounded, and 9 missing.

GENERAL ORDERS, CHARLESTON, W. VA.,

Numbers 4. May 26, 1863.

The general commanding congratulates Colonel White and the officers and men of the Second Brigade on the successful issue of their recent contest with the enemy. Perhaps no better expression can be given to his estimate of their conduct than by saying that the commander and his troops did precisely what was expected of them.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MAY 20-26, 1863.-Operations on the Northern Neck* and in Middlesex County, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Daniel Butterfield, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Captain George H. Thompson, Third Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Daniel Butterfield, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

MAY 26, 1863-10.45 a.m.

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, commanding cavalry expedition down the Neck, reports his return as far as Westmoreland Court-House

---------------

*King George, Westmoreland, Richmond, Northumberland, and Lancaster Counties.

---------------

