
yesterday. Had destroyed 50 boats; broken up the contraband trade as effectually as possible; destroyed $30,000 worth of goods in transit, escorted back 800 contrabands; quantity of mules captured; 40 or 50 prisoners, including 1 captain and 1 lieutenant; thinks the damage done the enemy-I presume by the destruction of supplies-nearly $1,000,000. He has 1 man severely wounded and 2 slightly. Please tell me when you will probably start to return.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Major-General HOOKER,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division, Army of the Potomac.

BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 26, 1863.

SIR: The Eighth Illinois Cavalry are coming from their raid. They destroyed 50 boats, and broke up the underground trade pretty effectually, having destroyed some $30,000 worth of goods in transit. They bring back with them 800 contrabands, innumerable mules, horses, &amp;c., and have captured between 40 and 50 prisoners, including a captain and lieutenant. The amount of damage done the enemy is thought to be nearly $1,000,000. One of our men is severely wounded and 2 slightly. Considering the force engaged and the results obtained, this is the greatest raid of the war. The regiment returns in good condition. Please answer.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HOOKER,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FITZHUGH'S CROSSING, VA.,

May 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the late expedition sent from the First Army Corps into King George and Westmoreland Counties, under my command:

The command consisted of the Nineteenth Indiana, Colonel Williams; Sixth Wisconsin, Colonel Bragg; Twenty-fourth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Flanigan, and the Second Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, numbering in the aggregate about 1,200 men.

The object of the expedition was to clear the Peninsula of any rebel troops which might have crossed the Rappahannock for the purpose of

