
MAY 30, 1863.-Skirmish near Greenwich, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Washington.

Numbers 2.-Colonel William D. Mann, Seventh Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division Department of Washington.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., June 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of official report from Colonel Mann of the recent engagement near Greenwich. He informs me that at 9 a.m. on the 30th ultimo, he heard from his camp artillery firing in the direction of Warrenton Junction. The train for Bealeton had just passed up, and believing it to have been attacked, he immediately went with a detachment of the Fifth New York, under command of Captain A. H. Hasbrouck, a detachment of the First Vermont, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Preston, and a small detachment of the Seventh Michigan. The detachment of the Fifth New York was sent directly across the country, in order to intercept the rebels, while the balance of the command went directly to the scene of action. The advance of the Fifth New York, led by Lieutenant Elmer Barker, came up with the enemy first, and found them with the howitzer posted on a hill, with the cavalry drawn up in line in the rear to support it.

Lieutenant Barker, with his small detachment of about 25 men, dashed up the hill, and, when within about 50 yards of the gun, received a charge of grape and canister, which killed 3 and wounded 7 of our men and several horses. The enemy then charged upon us, but were met with stubborn resistance by the lieutenant and his men, although the lieutenant had received two grape-shot in his thigh. We were, however, overpowered, and driven back a short distance. Just then Colonel Preston, of the First Vermont (Lieutenant Hazleton, with Companies H and C, being in advance), came up at a full charge upon their grape and canister. Our men pressed on, however, until they came to a hand-to-hand conflict, when the enemy gradually fell back. We took their howitzer, and they fled in every direction.

Colonel Mann pursued the rebels until his horses were completely tired out, he having been obliged to ride at full speed before overtaking them, and then, after collecting his dead and wounded, returned to camp.

Our loss was 4 killed and 15 wounded, the names of which please find inclosed.* We lost also 11 horses killed and several wounded. None of our men are missing. The force engaged on our side was 170. The rebels had, as nearly as can be ascertained, 200 men, besides his gun.

Captain B. S. Haskins, of the rebel army, formerly of the British army, and Lieutenant Chapman, formerly of the United States Regulars, who was in command of the howitzer, were so badly wounded that they could not be removed. They were consequently paroled. Captain Haskins has since died.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

