
The loss of the enemy was 6 killed and 20 wounded, besides many others severely wounded, who escaped in the woods.

We have 10 prisoners and many carbines and pistols; the number Colonel Mann did not state.

I desire again to recommend to the favorable consideration of the major-general commanding the officers and men engaged in this fight, in which they all displayed such great valor.

The dead and wounded have all been brought in to this place, and the wounded are doing well in the hospitals attached to their respective brigades.

Colonel Mann reports that had the guard on the train offered the slightest resistance, the train might have been saved. They could have detained the enemy until our cavalry came up, and also re-enforcements from the battalion of infantry which was at Catlett's Station.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Washington.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel William D. Mann, Seventh Michigan Cavalry.

NEAR GREENWICH, VA.,-2 p.m.

VIA UNION MILLS, VA., May 30, 1863-7.20 p.m.

SIR: Mosby, with 200 men and one howitzer, attacked our train near Catlett's; guard fled; Mosby burned train. Heard firing in camp, and went in search with First Vermont, Fifth New York, and a detachment of Seventh Michigan. Camp up with Mosby in strong position 2 miles southwest of Greenwich, and charged him. He gave us grape; boys never faltered; took his gun; captured Haskins, mortally wounded, and Lieutenant Chapman, severely wounded, and also several privates. Our loss, 4 killed, and 1 officer, Lieutenant Barker, and 7 enlisted men wounded. Several horses killed.

The rebels are scattered in the thickets and in the mountains. We shall return to camp as soon as the wounded and dead are cared for. The engine is not much damaged; train destroyed. A strong patrol from my command had passed up the very spot but one hour before, and were but 3 miles distant at the time, and came promptly up. No other news. Full report by mail.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. MANN,

Colonel Seventh Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry Force.

Major-General STAHEL,

Fairfax Court-House.

BRISTOE STATION, [May] 31, 1863-5 a.m.

SIR: Returned at dark, bringing in our cannon and all our dead and wounded. The wounded number 15 on our side. It was an extremely hot affair for a small one; many of the wounds very severe. Our cap-

