
April 6.-The enemy's cavalry attacked a forage train of the Fourth Brigade, Colonel Campbell, and captured five wagons. Pursuit was made, the enemy overtaken 18 miles from Romney, where a sharp skirmish ensued, and they drove back and followed to Moorefield, Va., their camp shelled, and the wagons recaptured.

April 20.-Alexander's battery of light artillery, of the First Brigade, ordered to Berryville, to report temporarily for duty to Major-General Milroy.

April 25 [?].-A rebel force, under General Imboden, having attacked and driven the forces of Brigadier-General Roberts at Beverly, the Twenty-third Illinois, One hundred and sixth New York, and Mulligan's battery, Colonel Mulligan commanding, were sent to Grafton, Va., and from thence marched to Philippi, Va., to the relief of Colonel Latham, of Brigadier-General Roberts' command. Engaged the advance guard of the enemy, drove it back, and afterward, at 1 a. m. of the 27th, marched from Philippi to Grafton for the re-enforcement of that place.

April 25.-Captain Smith, Fourteenth [West] Virginia Infantry, and 30 men left New Creek, and proceeded to Greenland Gap, Hardy County, distant 25 miles, to relieve Captain Wallace, Twenty-third Illinois, on duty at the gap with his company (G), numbering 49 men. Arriving at 5 p. m., they found Captain Wallace assailed by a large force of the enemy, supposed to be 1,500 strong, under Brigadier-General Jones, C. S. Army. Captain Wallace took up position in a church and Captain Smith in a log-house, about 100 yards distant. They gallantry repulsed three attacks of the enemy, and surrendered only after the rebels, under cover of the darkness, had approached from the rear and fired the church, rendering further resistance impracticable. Union loss, 2 killed and about 12 wounded. Rebel loss supposed to be about 35 in killed and wounded.

April 26.-A portion of the rebel forces approached the railroad at Rowlesburg, and attacked Major Showalter, Sixth [West] Virginia Infantry, in command of about 250 men, but were driven off. Company O, Sixth [West] Virginia Infantry, Captain Godwin, on duty at Oakland, was surprised, captured, and paroled by the enemy, who then crossed the railroad at different points, and proceeded to Morgantown, Va., where they concentrated the different portions of their force, which moved against the railroad at different points; from thence to Fairmont, at which place was doing guard duty only a force of about 275, composed of parts of two companies of the One hundred and sixth New York, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, Sixth [West] Virginia, and a number of armed militia.

April 29.-An attack was made by the enemy, numbering over 3,000, and after a stubborn resistance the Federal force was captured and the bridge at that point destroyed. The enemy then retreated via Shinnston and Bridgeport (at which latter place they captured 14 men of the Sixth [West] Virginia Infantry), to effect a junction with Generals Imboden and Jackson at Buckhannon. A detachment sent by Colonel Mulligan from Grafton to Fairmont, to relieve the garrison there, arrived a short time after the surrender, and, after some protracted and desultory fighting, was compelled to fall back to Grafton.

Also on the 26th, Colonel Smith, commanding brigade, moved from Martinsburg, Va., with the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio and Maulsby's battery, to New Creek, and on the 27th from thence to Greenland Gap, and on the 28th to Camp Storm, near the junction of the Moorefield and Alleghany turnpike and the Northwestern Virginia turn-pike.

