
April 27.-The Fourth and Seventh Regiments Maryland Infantry, of Brigadier-General Kenly's command, were ordered to move westward. They were stationed-one regiment at Oakland, the other at Rowlesburg.

April 30.-The First and Eighth Maryland and Miner's [Indiana] battery, also of General Kenly's brigade, moved to Grafton, Va., then threatened by a superior force of the enemy.

Numbers 7. Report of Major Alonzo W. Adams, First New York Cavalry.

MOOREFIELD, April 27, 1863-4 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I occupy Moorefield. The enemy left here 10 o'clock this morning in the direction of Petersburg. This is unquestionably so, for the information comes from all quarters. I send you also a prisoner who deserted the enemy. He gives the same information.

General Jones left here two or three days ago, on Saturday morning, with the main body of his force, comprising cavalry, infantry, and artillery, the exact number I cannot ascertain. The last heard of him he was at Greenland, and on his way to New Creek or Oakland. He has not yet returned.

The force which left here this morning consisted of 350 infantry, "Maryland Line," five 6-pounder rifled guns, and four regiments of cavalry, numbering not more than 2,100 in all, 1,600 of which are cavalry. This latter force left this morning; has gone to Petersburg, 11 miles southwest of Moorefield, but for what destination I cannot ascertain. Some of the citizens seem to think General Jones will return here to-night or to-morrow. I shall endeavor to hold Moorefield until I hear from you, in accordance with your instructions.

I am informed just a moment since that Imboden forms a junction with the force which left under General Jones on Saturday at some point on the railroad west of this, for the purpose of destroying it. In my conversation with a citizen it was hinted that he (Jones) "would take care of General Milroy while we are up here." This, however, I attach very little importance to. It may have been said to save Jones. I hold this place till I hear from you.

I have the honor to be, in haste, your obedient servant,

A. W. ADAMS,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT.

Numbers 8. Reports of Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST VIRGINIA, Weston, Va., May 4, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from your headquarters, on the 21st ultimo I left my camp at Lacey Spring, Rockingham County, with all my available strength in cavalry, infantry, and artillery, for the

8 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

