
purpose of co-operating with General Imboden in Northwest Virginia. The men and horses unfit for a hard campaign were left, under Lieutenant-Colonel Funsten, near Harrisonburg, to repress marauding from toward Winchester and to afford protection to the people of the Valley. Close communications were formed with Brigadier General Fitz. Lee to secure timely succor in case of need. Unfavorable weather and the condition of the roads made the first three days to Moorefield exceedingly arduous. We found the South Branch past fording, and were compelled to make a detour by Petersburg to get over. Here the ford was rough and dangerous from the swiftness of the stream. When but a small portion of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry had passed, 1 man and horse were drowned and the others narrowly escaped. Citizens of Petersburg, whose names I will ascertain and report to you, came manfully to our assistance, recklessly plunging to the assistance of all in peril, and remaining for hours in the cold water until all were safe over. It was my intention to have packed from the old fields forage for our horses while engaged in the destruction of the trestling at Cheat River. The forage could not be had, so on the 25th we were compelled to start with our sacks empty, trusting to fortune.

The pass at Greenland, contrary to information we had received, was found occupied by the enemy. Finding a loss of time must be incurred by attempting to turn this post, and fearing our plans might in the mean time be discovered, I determined to attempt a surprise, and, failing in that, to carry the place by assault. Colonel Dulany, with the Seventh Virginia Cavalry, charged the place gallantly, but failed to prevent the garrison from securing buildings which completely defended the pass. Colonel Dulany had his horse killed and was himself wounded through the arm. The battalions of White and Brown were dismounted and ordered to assault the place at dusk. They did the work assigned to them in the most handsome manner. Under their protection, Lieutenant Williamson, of the engineers, succeeded in firing the building in which the main body were posted. This soon led to a surrender. We took 75 prisoners, 4 wagons, and 1 ambulance, with their teams. Our loss was 6 killed and about 20 wounded. We experienced an unfortunate detention of four hours here, depriving us of important captures afterward.

Arriving at the northwestern grade, Colonel Harman and Major Brown were sent on Oakland, and a squadron of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, under Captain [E. H.] McDonald, on Altamont. Both succeeded, and but for the delay at Greenland would have captured a train of officers belonging to Mulligan's command. With the residue of my cavalry I attacked Rowlesburg. From the feebleness with which my orders were executed here, the attack failed. Being late in the day, and my horses having been on a forced march of thirty-six hours, without food, it was necessary to go for forage. About dark I moved on to feed and to join Colonel Harman and Captain McDonald, who had moved on Morgantown by the way of Kingwood.

On the evening of the 27th, having no tidings of General Imboden, I left Evansville in search of Harman, destroying a two-span bridge on the railroad at Independence. I met Colonel Harman about 12 miles south of Morgantown, turned him back, and, with my whole command, crossed the Monongahela on the bridge at that town, resting until dark to prevent knowledge of our route reaching the enemy. We marched on Fairmont, where we arrived early next day. Here we found about 400 infantry, which we attacked vigorously, and soon succeeded in capturing 260 and in securing the railroad bridge across the river there.

