
This we destroyed completely, throwing the whole magnificent structure into the water. Two years were spent in its construction, and six months was required to build the centers on which to erect the super-structure. At dark we again marched for Clarksburg, resting a part of the night.

On the 30th, we moved on toward Clarksburg, but finding the place occupied by Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, we turned on Bridgeport, where Major Brown captured 46 prisoners. Here we fired a bridge and tall trestling, and captured a train, which we destroyed. In passing Philippi, my led horses and cattle were sent on to Beverly, while the remainder of my force joined General Imboden to Buckhannon.

We have destroyed nine railroad bridges, captured two trains, one piece of artillery, over 500 prisoners, and secured for the Government from 1,200 to 1,500 horses and nearly 1,000 cattle.

Our losses in men and horses will be small. When time and circumstances will admit, a more detailed report will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, May 12, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department. General Jones and his command deserve much credit for what they have accomplished.

R. E. LEE,General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Near Harrisonburg, Va., May 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit the reports of the commanders of the different regiments and battalions that accompanied my late expedition into Western Virginia. Having already rendered a brief report of operations up to my arrival at Weston, Lewis County, I beg leave now to enter more into detail, and to include all worthy of your notice until my command reached this point. My authority to undertake and expedition into Western Virginia is in your letter of April 7,* replying to mine of March 31.+ In compliance with this authority, and arrangements made with General J. D. Imboden for a concert of action on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, I left my camp at Lacey Spring, Rockingham County, Virginia, with all my available strength in cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The infantry and artillery were taken with the hope of an encounter with the enemy on the South Branch of the Potomac. In this we were disappointed. The men and horses unfit for a hard campaign were left, under Lieutenant Colonel O. R. Funsten, of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, near Harrisonburg, to repress marauding from toward Winchester and to afford protection to the people of the Valley. Major S. B. Myers, of the Seventh Virginia Cavalry, an

experienced and efficient outpost commander, was posted on picket duty near Strasburg,

---------------

*See Lee to Jones and Imboden, April 7, in "Correspondence, etc," Part II.

+Not found.

---------------

