
night to the summit of Cheat Mountain, the infantry to ge as far as Huttonsville; that mounted men to proceed to Greenback the next day, and the infantry to follow as a reserve to Greenbier River, and there to await the return of the mounted men.

Captain Ewing, minding instructions, succeeded is surprising everything. He secured 13 prisoners from the Thirty-first and Third Virginia (rebel) regiments, 152 head of cattle, 15 horses and mules, and a large number of arms, which he had to destroy for want of transportation, without any loss or accident on our side.

Captain Ewing deserves praise for his perseverance. He put a damper on the rebel rejoicing over the disgraceful conduct of Major [Henry C.] Flesher.

I also received reliable information that, as soon as the condition of the roads permit, two more regiments from Staunton will join Imboden, to invade loyal counties of West Virginia, and take all the horses out, after driving in our outposts; therefore I ought to have more cavalry and one battery in the brigade, in time to be ready to meet any force at any place along my front. The uncertainty as to what forces really belong to my command is a great embarrassment to me. I hope soon to be relieved of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. M. BASCOM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 3, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army, for the information of the General-in-Chief, and his attention invited to the remarks regarding the embarrassment arising from the uncertainty as to whom the command of certain regiments belongs. As before recommended, this question should be definitely settled, through I have no doubt those regiment properly belong to the West Virginia force, and not to the present command of General Kelley.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 10-16, 1863.-Operations in Westmoreland and Richmond Counties, Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major William H. Medill, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Craing W. Wadsworth, Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 1. Report of Major William H. Medill, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

ON PICKET, Near Ridge Hill, Va., February 13, 1863.

COLONEL: The practical results of my three days' scout into Westmoreland and Richmond Counties are briefly these:

I reached Westmoreland Court-House on Tuesday [10th] at 10 a. m.; ascertained that I was too late, the meeting I was sent to preside

---------------

* See also Hooker to Kelton, February 19, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

---------------

