
gleaning a precarious subsistence from a country desolated by two years of oppressive and brutal war that would have won the admiration of the most approved Cossack. With such troops the country of the enemy can be reached at almost any point.

The attention of the general commanding is respectfully called to the gallant conduct of Private Thomas E. Tippett, of Company A, White's battalion, mentioned in the report of his commanding officer describing the affair at Greenland.

At the same place Private W. Alexander Buck, Company E, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, a mere youth, charged up to the church occupied by the enemy, fired all the loads of his pistol through the crevices of a barricaded window, holding his position until his pony was twice shot and bayoneted and killed. He is deemed every way worthy of a commission in our Regular Army.

If any one officer or man deserves especial mention it is Major Ridgely Brown, of the [First Battalion] Maryland Cavalry. He was shot in the leg at Greenland, there being two inches between the entrance and exit of the ball, yet he continued on duty, not even examining the wound until he arrived at Buckhannon, a distance of 168 miles, and then started home on the earnest solicitation of Dr. [R. P.] Johnson.

To my personal staff-Captain W. K. Martin, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. M. Hopkins, aide-de-camp, and Mr. A. E. Richards, volunteer aide-de-camp-my thanks are especially due for their efficient services in the prompt transmission of all orders and general attention to business under most trying circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General. The expedition under General Jones appears to have been conducted with commendable skill and vigor, and was productive of beneficial results. The injury inflicted on the enemy was serious, and he will doubtless be induced to keep troops to guard the railroad who might be otherwise employed against us. General Jones displayed sagacity and boldness in his plans, and was well supported by the courage and fortitude of his officers and men.

R. E. LEE,General.

[Inclosure.]

Table of Casualties in Brigadier General W. E. Jones' command during expedition to Northwest Virginia, April 20-May 20, 1863.

Skirmish at Greenland Gap, W. Va., April 25.

Wounded.

First Maryland Cavalry (2 mortally) ......................... 15

White's Battalion Virginia cavalry (1 mortally) ............. 8

Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry (3 mortally) .............. 13

Twelfth Regiment Virginia Cavalry (1 mortally) .............. 5

Sixth Regiment Virginia Cavalry ............................. 1

