
Action at Fairmont, W. Va., April 29.

Wounded.

First Maryland Cavalry Battalion (2 mortally) ................ 3

Sixth Virginia Cavalry ....................................... 3

Twelfth Regiment Virginia Cavalry ............................ 1

Skirmish at Bridgeport, W. Va., April 30.

First Maryland Cavalry Battalion (mortally) .................. 1

Eleventh Virginia Cavalry (mortally) ......................... 1

RICHARD P. JOHNSON,

Chief Surgeon Valley District.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant W. G. Williamson, C. S. Engineers.

HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DIVISION, May 26, 1863.

GENERAL: The following is a report of my operations during your recent campaign in Western Virginia:

I left camp near Lacey Spring with yourself and staff on April 21, having receipted to Lieutenant [A. W.] McDonald [jr.] for ordnance stores suitable for the work I was to undertake.

On April 25, opposite Moorefield, I took charge of the pack-mules, and attended to their being packed, and succeeded in getting them started. About the middle of the day I asked for a commissioned officer to be detailed to take charge of these pack-mules. Lieutenant [J. A.] Mohler, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, with a small number of pioneers, was ordered to report to me, and I put him in command. On reaching Greenland, where there was a small force of the enemy making a gallant stand in a long church, I went off on the right of the turnpike, where Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher's battalion was stationed as sharpshooters, and reconnoitered the enemy's position. Came back, and reported to you that I thought I could, with the pioneers, assist you in dislodging the enemy. You then ordered me to be ready, and made the detail of pioneers. You assigned me to position behind Major White's battalion. As soon as everything was ready, we advanced, fording a small creek twice; closed with the battalion on the church, knocked most of the windows out and some of the chinking, and set the church on fire. Soon after this the enemy surrendered. Most of the pioneers behaved very well and came up to their work boldly. I was next called on at Evansville to go to Independence, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to destroy a small bridge across Raccoon Creek. I took with me Lieutenant Mohler and 4 or 5 of his men, and went with Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, to within half a mile of Independence. There Colonel Marshall detailed Lieutenant [J. G.] Neff, with a detachment of his company, to go with me to the bridge, about a mile above Independence. We destroyed this bridge so as to render it entirely useless and require rebuilding.

On April 29, your ordered me to destroy two railroad bridges at Barrackville. These bridges were wooden, and I burned them. One was only 30 or 40 feet long; the other upward of 100. The same day-after you had captured a force of the enemy (268 in number) at Fairmont-I

