
was ordered up to destroy the iron bridge over the Monongahela. Captain [John] Henderson, a civil engineer of considerable experience, was with me, and the pioneers not getting up as soon as we could have wished, and re-enforcements having come from Grafton to the enemy, we concluded to set fire to three kegs of powder placed under the iron piers, which we did, and we also set fire to the bridge in three different places. The three kegs of powder exploded, but did not do the slightest damage. After the detachment sent to re-enforce the enemy retired, I told you I thought the most that could be done now with the time we had was to burn up all the wood-work of the bridge. You then ordered details, and said we would try both to burn it up and blow it down. I took charge of the men, who were covering the bridge with rails and timber, while Captain Henderson and yourself went to work with the powder. The second experiment with the powder failed to throw the bridge, which was then on fire from one end to the other, so that I thought it almost impossible to work with a large amount of powder any longer. I then returned to town, where I soon joined you. About dark we heard several reports, and afterward heard that Captain Henderson had succeeded in blowing down the entire bridge.

On the 30th, by your order, I took a company from the Sixth Cavalry (Captain [W. T.] Mitchell) and set fire to some trestling about half a mile above Bridgeport.

On May 1, I repaired the bridge across the Tygart's Valley River at Philippi, the enemy having ripped up the flooring and cut some of the flooring joist.

On May 7, after you had taken Cairo Station, I was sent with a detachment of Major White's battalion to burn the bridges on the North Fork of Hughes River, above Cairo. I burned two, and told the men they might set fire to the centering of a tunnel near by, though I did not think it would do much damage. The destruction of these last bridges wound up my operations. Most of the powder was used up or thrown away through necessity, the mules' backs being very sore and the sacks wearing out from the constant jostling of the kegs. The iron tools that I carried out with me were thrown away by your orders, it being almost impossible to carry them.

With great respect, I am, your most obedient servant,

W. G. WILLIAMSON,

Second Lieutenant Engrs., Prov. Army Confederate States.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James R. Herbert, First Maryland Infantry (Confederate).

MAY 24, 1863.

SIR: Having been left in command at Moorefield by the general, April 24, with orders to move when I got ready via Franklin to this place, I collected upward of 350 stragglers, formed them in a battalion, had 350 bushels of wheat ground into chop, and on the morning of the 27th left for this place in the following order: Advance guard (infantry), battalion of infantry, [R. P.] Chew's battery, Baltimore Light Artillery; wagon-train, each regiment to itself, under its quartermaster or commis-

