
sary, the whole train under the especial care of Captain [P. H.] Woodward, whose services were invaluable to me in having the train parked at night and move at sun-up in the promptest manner. Next came a guard of cavalry, to prevent any one on horseback getting in the way of the train, the rear being brought up by battalion of cavalry, under Lieutenant [J. C.] Allen, followed by rear guard with myself.

The prisoners sent from Greenland to me were (after my arrival here) sent on to Richmond, with the exception of one-a man by name of Shreve, said to be a noted bushwhacker-I ordered to be heavily ironed and left in jail at Staunton, subject to the general's order. The Jews I returned to Richmond.

The morning we left Moorefield I rode into the town to see that all the men were out. Just as I left the place and had got half-way to the toll-gate, about half a mile from town, I heard a dozen shots fired, citizens running, and a man rode up and reported the Yankees as having run him into town, and they were going up on the other side of the river to cut us off. The command was at least 4 miles ahead. I had 20 men with me. I dispatched a courier to Major [William W.] Goldsborough, First Maryland Battalion, to halt and send me one company of infantry back. I stopped on the hill where our camp was, but could see or hear no more of the Yankees. They came into Moorefield that evening about 3 o'clock.

I reached Harrisonburg the evening of the 30th, and reported at once to Lieutenant-Colonel Funsten.

To Major George H. Kyle I was under the greatest obligations for his zeal and activity in the double capacity of quartermaster and commissary. Having my command unexpectedly increased by the prisoners, guard, and 450 to 500 men, stragglers, for whom no provision had been made, through his aid I was enabled through a scarce country to bring everything through safely. Thinking the general would like to have it, I make this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. HERBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.

Numbers 11. Report of Captain Frank A. Bond, First Battalion Maryland Cavalry (Confederate).

MAY 25, 1863.

I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the late expedition through Northwestern Virginia:

The battalion numbered about 230 men, all told, when we left camp on April 21. The first obstacle which presented any serious difficulty was the fording of the South Branch at Petersburg. This was overcome without much delay, and all crossed safely with the exception of 5 men. Three of these were not allowed to cross, owing to the weakness of their horses, and the other two attempted it, but were obliged to return with a thorough wetting.

On Saturday (the 25th) we came upon the enemy at Greenland. The Seventh Regiment had the advance, followed by our battalion. The Seventh promptly charged and took the pickets, but owing to the reserve

