
taking refuge in a strongly built log church, they failed to capture them, and retired with some loss. Upon this being discovered, Company B, Lieutenant [A.] Cooke commanding, was sent out upon the New Creek road to guard against any surprise, and Companies E, Captain [W. I.] Rasin commanding, and D, Lieutenant [W. H. B.] Dorsey commanding, were dismounted to open fire with their long-range guns upon the house. This they did, but with little effect, and being deceived by the flag of truce sent by order of the commanding general by the hands of one of the prisoners, they rushed upon the house, thinking the enemy had surrendered, and only discovered their error when a well-directed volley was poured into them at a distance of 20 yards. By this mistake, Company D lost Private Swamley, killed, and Private [Charles] Lambden, wounded; Company E lost Private Spencer, killed.

Affairs remained in this position until dark, when the remaining two companies of the battalion (Company C, Captain [R. C.] Smith commanding, and Company A, commanded by myself) were dismounted to storm the house, Major Brown taking command of the two companies. The necessary arrangements being made, the advance was ordered about 9 p. m. Advancing cautiously until by the enemy's opening a heavy and well-directed fire upon us we knew they had discovered our intention, we then plunged into a mountain stream, and, crossing it, surrounded the house and houses held by the enemy as soon as possible. A brief delay was now inevitable, owing to the pioneers not being up, during which time we were enveloped in a heavy fire, not only from the enemy but from Companies D and E of our battalion and from a portion of the Seventh Regiment and Thirty-fourth Battalion (who were in entire ignorance of our presence, and thought the enemy were attempting a sortie), and from an advancing fire from White's battalion, which wounded one man by my side after we had been at the house some time.

I feel it my duty to say that, as far as I could see, the men generally behaved with great coolness and courage, going round the house and firing in wherever they could discover a crack large enough to admit the muzzle of a pistol.

Almost immediately upon the arrival of the pioneers, the windows and doors were knocked open, the house set on fire, and the enemy to a man either killed or captured.

Color-Corporal Carvill, of Company B, was here killed, as also was Private Samuel Dorsey, of Company C. Major Brown was slightly wounded, Adjutant [G. W.] Booth and Captain Smith severely.

Private [K.] Grogan, of White's battalion, had left his command and went into the fight by the side of his brother [Robert R. Grogan], who was in Company C, of our battalion. He was instantly killed and his brother severely wounded.

Our loss has been previously reported, and I will not enumerate it here any more than to say that by our losses and the men left to take care of the wounded the battalion was reduced to 180 men, and only 6 commissioned officers to the five companies.

Company C was commanded by Second Sergt. Thomas [J.] Green from this time to our return to the Valley, and he is deserving of much credit for the manner in which he did his duty.

Major Brown's wound, though painful, did not disable him, and as soon as possible we took the road again for Oakland, Md., under command of Colonel Harman, the larger portion of the brigade having gone to Rowlesburg. The night being very cold (ice making freely), and all who were in the fight at the house being wet to the waist, the suffering was intense.

