
We reached Oakland about noon the next day (Sunday), and assisted in the charge there, which resulted in the capture of the place and about 40 Yankees, without any loss to us.

Encamping that night on the Cheat River, we the next day (Monday) advanced toward Morgantown, distant 30 miles, our battalion being in front. My company was sent ahead to charge Kingwood, which we did, but found no enemy. Here all halted to feed but our battalion, which kept directly on to Morgantown. Learning that several hundred citizens and armed themselves and collected here, prepared to offer resistance to our entrance, and feeling sure of the loss of life and destruction of property which would follow upon our being fired upon by citizens, I offered to carry a flag of truce into the town to demand its unconditional surrender, which was allowed by Major Brown, and, being carried out, was agreed to by the citizens, who deposited their arms in the court-house and retired to their homes. Taking possession of the town, we destroyed the above-named arms, and placed guards to prevent surprise and suppress any rioting or unmilitary conduct.

The remainder of the command coming up in about two hours, at 5 p. m. we took the road to Independence, and encamped about 7 miles from the town. Starting at 2 a. m., we met General Jones with the portion of the brigade which left us near Greenland, and, retracing our steps, came back to Morgantown and encamped near the town, but on the opposite side of the river. It was when returning to the town that, being in command of the advance guard, we were fired upon by three bush-whackers, killing Captain Rasin's horse. We succeeded in capturing them after a chase down a steep mountain, and, giving them a short trial, I had them shot on the spot where they were taken.

On the morning of the 29th we arrived at Fairmont, held by about 300 infantry. Company E was here dismounted, and acted under Colonel Harman's orders during the fight. The battalion made a charge here which was only prevented from being entirely successful by the character of the ground and the fence, which prevented our coming to close quarters with the enemy, but, passing under a heavy fire, we effectually cut off all retreat, and the enemy immediately surrendered. We here lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded.

The next day (Thursday) our battalion, being in front, was ordered to charge Bridgeport. This was well executed, under the command of Major Brown, and nearly the entire garrison, which consisted of one company of cavalry and one of infantry, were captured or killed, with a loss of 1 man killed upon our part.

I have neglected to state that, when within 4 miles of Bridgeport, Company B was sent on picket on the Clarksburg road. They were soon after attacked by what seemed to be a body of mounted infantry, numbering about 200. They retreated before them to the ford, and there made a stand, which checked the enemy until our object was accomplished. Owing to the small number of long-range guns in Company B, they had to reply to the infantry with their pistols, which, while keeping them in check, prevented our inflicting much or any loss upon them.

We now proceeded by easy marches to Buckhannon, at which place Major Brown's wound was so much worse as to force him to give it some attention, and the command devolved upon myself. It was at this place that I learned that the led horses had gone back to the Valley, and that my command was only 120 men.

Passing on through Weston and resting our horses for a few days there, we arrived with the brigade at Cairo Station on Wednesday evening, May 7. This place was held by a small force only. Company E

