
was again dismounted, and it being left to my own discretion what to do with the rest of the battalion, I moved around to the rear of the town, and throwing them into single rank, to magnify our numbers, I advanced in full view. Soon after I saw the white flag, and, going down to the town, assisted in destroying the bridge.

At Oiltown, where we arrived on the 9th, we assisted in firing the oil-works.

It was not our good fortune to have the opportunity of doing anything else worthy of mention during the expedition.

I do not think the command is as well mounted as before starting out, even where the men are using the captured horses, but they are in high spirits, with great confidence in themselves and their leaders, and anxious to be again led against the enemy.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANK A. BOND,

Captain Commanding [First] Maryland Battalion.

Captain [WALTER K.] MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Shac Green, Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP ASHBY, May 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Under instructions from your headquarters, I respectfully submit herewith a report of the part taken by the Sixth Virginia Cavalry in the recent expedition to Northwestern Virginia.

On Tuesday, April 21 last, the regiment left camp, under the command of Major C. E. Flournoy, and proceeded to Brock's Gap, the place of rendezvous for the different regiments of the brigade.

On the following day, under order from General Jones, I joined it at that place, and took the command. We marched on with the brigade until the 24th instant, when, crossing the South Branch of the Potomac at Petersburg over a ford that was very rocky and swift, we had the misfortune to have three of our horses and their riders swept down the stream. One, William Evans, of Company F, was drowned.

Nothing of interest occurred in which we participated until the 26th, when we arrived within a short distance of Rowlesburg, a point where the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad crosses the Cheat River. The Sixth was there ordered by the commanding general to the front, with instructions to make demonstrations upon the place, and in certain contingencies to charge and take it and get possession of the bridge. On approaching within a mile or less of the place, and after having captured the pickets at two posts, it was ascertained that the enemy could not be surprised, and that they occupied the heights commanding the road, which was very narrow. It was found necessary to send the sharpshooters around and above them to dislodge them from their strong position. This was done in part, driving them from positions nearest us, but they took others farther back and still commanding the road, and from which, with a re-enforcement of sharpshooters from the Seventh and Eleventh Regiments, they could not be driven that evening. In this skirmish one man of Company F, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, was severely wounded through the lungs. I was ordered by General Jones,

