
who came up and was present during part of the skirmishing, to hold my position until dusk, and then to recall the sharpshooters and move back, following other regiments on the Evansville road, where we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 29th, we arrived at Fairmont. In advancing upon the place I was ordered to move with my regiment around the town and across a small stream to take possession of the bridge. We found the principal part of the enemy's force in charge of the bridge. After some skirmishing, they were charged by the sharpshooters of the Sixth and a few of the Seventh, and pressed most gallantly by them until their surrender. An order for a charge of the cavalry had been given by General Jones, but circumstances prevented its being made in the manner in which it was expected. After the surrender of the enemy, and before we left the field, they were re-enforced by way of the railroad with some sharpshooters and a piece of artillery. While we were crowded together in rather a confused mass around the prisoners, they opened upon us with artillery. I immediately moved my regiment off a few hundred yards (out of range) and formed it. In a short time I was ordered to dismount the regiment and moved down to aid or relieve the Seventh, who, under Colonel Marshall, was gallantly holding them in check with the guns of the prisoners just captured. We relieved the Seventh, and, with the assistance of the Twelfth, which was on the other side of the river (the same side with the enemy), succeeded in driving them nearly a mile, and finally entirely off. The regiment was then detailed to destroy the bridge, which they aided Captain [John] Henderson in doing, and by dusk it was thrown entirely into the river.

In this action we had 3 of the Sixth slightly wounded; none killed. Much praise is due to the gallant sharpshooters and their leaders, to whom, I think, we are mainly indebted for our success with so little loss of life.

After dark we marched toward Bridgeport, which place was captured on the 30th, we only participating by throwing out sharpshooters and picketing the roads. At Philippi my regiment was detached and ordered to escort the led horse train back to the Valley. When rear Huttonsville, was ordered to rejoin the brigade at Weston and to leave one company to picket at Beverly. After joining the brigade, we marched with it to Cairo, where we assisted in the destruction of the railroad bridge and timbers and a tunnel near by. We proceeded thence to the oil-works in [Wirt] County, which were destroyed, together with a large quantity of oil; from thence to our present locality, at which place we arrived on the 22nd.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SHAC GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Marshall, Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

NEAR JAMES CITY, VA., June 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry in the recent scout to Northwest Virginia.

