
We left our camp near Timberville on April 21, with an aggregate (according to company reports) of about 500. Encamped that night at Brock's Gap; next night stopped at Matthias'. Reached Moorefield about 3 or 4 o'clock, and remained in its vicinity that night.

On the next day moved up the river to the ford near Petersburg, where we found the river very full, current swift, and crossing rough and dangerous. A good many of our men were here deterred by faintheartedness or weak horses. At various points on the route, up to this included, by sickness, breaking down of feeble horses, &amp;c., our numbers were diminished sensibly-not less than 50 men. Having effected the crossing at Petersburg, we moved down the South Branch in the direction of Moorefield, and encamped for the night at Mr. Whiting's, nearly opposite to said place.

On Saturday, the 25th, we marched in the morning somewhat in the direction of an intermediate point between New Creek and Romney. Halted early in the day and fed, and then abruptly diverged from our course and moved on toward Greenland Pass. When within 3 or 4 miles of the entrance of the pass, hearing the enemy still held it in some force, at my suggestion Colonel Dulany (our regiment being in front) gave me charge of selected sharpshooters and a portion of Company A. I learned that there was certainly one and perhaps two companies in the pass, but not probably any piece of artillery. I ascertained also, to some extent, the character of the pass and the former position of the pickets, which afterward we found somewhat changed. By the time I had gained this information, our regiment had closed, and understanding the orders to be that we must force our way, I ordered, with Colonel Dulany's approbation, the sharpshooters to their several companies. The regiment then moved up at a rapid charge, but having to go a considerable distance, and the way being rough and narrow, we could not keep well closed up. We drove in, wounded, and captured the pickets, and then pressed on upon their reserve, charging through the town (so called). We had thus far (such had been the rapidity of the movement) effectually surprised the force in reserve, and could we have been well closed in column of fours I am satisfied we could have overwhelmed the enemy with scarce any loss of life on our side. We were, unfortunately, however, a good deal strung out. The enemy seeking the houses, commenced a fire, which checked for a time our advance and left to others the completion of the work. The intensity of the fire will appear when it is stated that of 16 or 17 horses in Company E, which charged upon the town, 14 were either killed or wounded.

The portion of the regiment remaining took part in the conclusion of the fight.

Our loss* in men was 3 killed and 10 wounded, among the latter our highly esteemed colonel, severely, in the arm. Lieutenant [P. P.] Kennon, of Company B, was also among the wounded.

Of horses we had 13 killed and 9 wounded.

I desire to say that I never saw men stand up to their work better than that portion of the regiment with which I happened to be thrown, and I would especially note the gallantry of the officers, of whom a very large proportion passed through in the charge.

Company F had been detached from us for some days on picket, and Company C left in the Valley.

After the capture of Greenland, we marched all night, and on Sunday (26th) went to Rowlesburg. The Seventh Regiment was ordered to

---------------

*Nominal list on file.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

