
support the Sixth. Nothing having been accomplished at this point, we moved on, and encamped 6 miles east of Evansville.

Monday (27th) marched on, and having halted some hours at Evansville, two scouting parties, severally under Lieutenants [C. H.] Vandiver and [J. G.] Shoup, were sent out by order of General Jones, and in consequence of information received from them the Seventh was ordered to a station on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, called Independence, to destroy a bridge, and also some buildings at another station not far distant (name now forgotten), which being accomplished, we moved on in rear of some other regiments, and encamped west of Independence several miles.

The strength of the command had been considerably diminished by the affair at Greenland and hard marching. Our column was decreased by killed and wounded-men and horses, and horses broken down and men sent in charge of prisoners-about 75.

Tuesday, the 28th, rejoined the Twelfth, Eleventh, and Maryland Battalion, which had been on detached service, and, passing through Morgantown, crossed the Monongahela River, and halted until nightfall within a mile of the town. Leaving camp about 8 p. m., we marched some miles in the direction of Fairmont, halted about 11 or 12 o'clock, took a few hours' sleep, and resuming the march an hour or two before day, we avoided the direct road to the town, and came upon it by a flank movement on Wednesday morning, April 29. My regiment having been ordered to bring up the rear of the line of march, was later getting into action than some others. I received an order to follow the regiments (Twelfth and Sixth). On arriving upon the ground, I failed to find immediately the regiments indicated. By a subsequent order of General Jones, a portion of the sharpshooters of the Seventh were dismounted and ordered to report to the colonel of the Eleventh. The rest of the column was afterward ordered to charge obliquely across the hills upon the enemy's lines, being required to throw down several fences in front of the column. The order was only partially obeyed by me. Upon gaining the brow of the hill, I found the enemy posted behind a fence, with several others intervening. We then moved on the flank down the road leading to the bridge, becoming a good deal mixed with the Maryland Battalion. By this movement the enemy's retreat was cut off. After having thrown my men into line, I moved in column of eights on the flank of the enemy, and commenced tearing down a strong post and rail fence, preparatory to a charge, meanwhile causing a few sharpshooters, who were near, to annoy them. A moment afterward the white flag was raised by them.

By the order of the general, nearly one-half of the Seventh then present was detailed to guard the prisoners off the field. Their arms had just been stacked, and they handed over to us, when the ominous whizzing of a cannon-ball told that a force sent to the relief of the enemy was attacking us. Our men dismounted, seized the long-range guns of the prisoners, and opened upon the train and infantry force which was endeavoring to gain the railroad bridge, and succeeded in checking their advance. The enemy subsequently retired from the field, being very glad, no doubt, to make his escape.

The regiment remained at Fairmont until about 10 p. m., when it took up the line of march with the column on the Clarksburg road, stopping next morning about 9 o'clock near Shinnston to feed. Passed through Shinnston about noon, thence toward Clarksburg, and when within about 4 or 5 miles of the town changed our direction to the left, and crossed the Parkersburg Branch at Bridgeport, about 6 miles from

