
Clarksburg; thence moved in the direction of Philippi and encamped for the night.

Friday, May 1, approaching Philippi, our column was divided, the second part being sent toward Beverly. The general giving all who desired it permission to go home, the strength of the command was again materially weakened. The portion of the regiment remaining with me proceeded in the direction of Buckhannon and encamped for the night.

On Saturday, May 2, we moved on toward Buckhannon, and when within a few miles of that place were directed to countermarch, which we did for a short distance, afterward taking the road to Weston, and encamped for the night not many miles off.

Pursued our line of march next day, and halted for the night within 2 or 3 miles of Weston.

Moved the next morning through the town, and encamped on the Parkersburg road about a mile beyond the town.

On Tuesday, moved a mile or two farther on the Parkersburg road.

Wednesday (6th), moved on the Parkersburg road and encamped in a meadow.

Thursday (7th), left the pike at Smithville and marched north 16 miles to Cairo, on the Parkersburg Branch of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Assisted in taking the place, burning the bridge, &amp;c., and returned the same evening some 3 or 4 miles upon the road we had marched over in the morning.

Friday (8th), moved on the pike, and encamped near Webb & Prince's store.

Saturday (9th), moved for a short distance on the Parkersburg road, and then diverged to the left, and moved on to the oil-wells in Wirt County, which we reached in the evening, and in the vicinity of which we encamped. Leaving said camp about 2 o'clock that night, we passed up north of the Little Kanawha River, and encamped on Holt's farm.

Monday (11th), passed through Glenville.

Tuesday (12th), crossed the Elk River at Sutton, and encamped 5 or 6 miles beyond it.

Wednesday (13th), destroyed, by order of the general, a Yankee stockade for (a pretty hard job) near Birch River, and, passing on, encamped for the night on Hill's farm.

Thursday (14th), passed through Summerville, crossed the Gauley, and encamped at Dorsey's, 15 or 20 miles from Summerville, on the Wilderness road. Passed through the mountains in Nicholas [County] to Meadow Bluff, and encamped on McFarland's farm.

Saturday (16th), encamped 1 mile west of Lewisburg.

Sunday afternoon, moved to White Sulphur Springs, and encamped for the night.

Monday (18th), encamped 7 miles east of Calahan's.

Tuesday (19th), crossed Jackson's River, and encamped at the Warm Springs. Staid at Glendie's Wednesday, 20th.

Thursday (21st), encamped at Hogshead's, in the Valley.

Friday (22nd), arrived in camp, 1 mile west of Dayton, Rockingham County, about 12 o'clock.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

