
Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Lunsford L. Lomax, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry.

MAY 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late expedition into Western Virginia:

In compliance with circular of April 20, I moved from camp, near Crotzer's Springs, on the morning of the 21st, having with me about 400 men, one company (Captain [Joseph T.] Hess) being detached, under Major [S. B.] Myers, and remained in the Valley during the time we were absent. I joined the brigade at Brock's Gap, and moved the following morning toward Moorefield, encamping on Lost River, and reaching the neighborhood of Moorefield the next day.

The day following we crossed the north fork of the South Branch at Petersburg, leaving about 100 men on this side of the river, who were unable to cross on account of the depth and rapidly of the current. After several days' marching we reached the top of the Alleghany, where Captains McDonald and [F. A.] Daingerfield were detached with their companies, with instructions from the general commanding. This squadron proceeded on the Northwestern road in the direction of New Creek Depot, and struck the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Wilson's Station, 15 miles west of Piedmont, cutting the telegraph wires at this point. They followed the railroad in the direction of Oakland, destroying the railroad in several places and burning some small bridges and a water station. At Altamont, 9 miles west of Oakland, they captured an engine and train, which, in order to destroy it, was steamed up, and, through mistake on the part of one of the men, was started up the road, but was subsequently recaptured by Colonel Harman. Moving on through Kingwood and Morgantown, they joined the command on the 28th. The brigade meantime had moved in the direction of Rowlesburg, near which place (at Cheat River Bridge) a detachment of men, with long-range guns from this regiment, were dismounted and placed under Captain Weems. (No report has been received from Captain Weems.) The regiment was halted beyond the bridge, and remained until evening, when we withdrew, and marched in the direction of Evansville, encamping beyond Independence the second day after, when joined by Captains McDonald and Daingerfield.

The day following we passed through Morgantown, and moved that night toward Fairmont. Upon reaching the railroad, was ordered by the general commanding to take position on the Fairmont road, between Fairmont and Barrackville, and hold it, which I did. Dismounting the men with long-range guns of my regiment and the Maryland Battalion, and placing a detachment under Captain [M. D.] Ball, ordered him to push forward on the right and dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters, who occupied the hills on the right of the road, and ordering Captain McDonald to move with the regiment down the road into the town, I took the remaining men with long-range guns of this regiment and the Maryland Battalion, and with Captain Daingerfield's squadron, moved forward on the left. I entered the town on the left, the enemy giving way rapidly before our line of dismounted men, and pushing on to the bridge met Captain Ball, who had entered on the right, followed by Colonel Harman with the remaining regiments and battalions, and Captain McDonald with my own regiment. The enemy having surrendered at this point, I moved my regiment to the hill opposite the railroad suspension bridge, passing under a hot fire from the enemy's infantry, covered by fences on the side of the road, without injury. Having formed the regiment, I was

