
compelled in a short time to move out of range of a small piece of artillery with the enemy had opened upon us, the shells falling among the horses and wounding some of them. Remaining here until after dark, the entire command moved into camp beyond, on the Clarksburg road. In the attack made upon the rear of the column next day by the enemy's cavalry, Private [Peter] Armstrong, Company G, was killed. We struck the railroad at Bridgeport about 3.30 p. m. A squadron of this regiment, under Captain Weems, was detached, and burned the bridge and a large freight engine and car and a full set of Government carpenter tools. From this place we moved through Philippi and Buckhannon to Weston, when this regiment, with the Twelfth, were sent under Colonel Harman in a northwest direction. Within a few miles of West Union, Captain Daingerfield was sent off to the right toward the Northwest Branch Railroad. The column moved on, an advance guard under Lieutenant [Edmund] Pendleton charging and capturing the enemy's picket, whom we found expecting us. We approached the town through a narrow gorge; precipitous and rocky on our right and low and swampy on our left. We found the enemy, 350 to 400 strong, drawn up in line on either side of the town. After occupying them in front until Captain Daingerfield had accomplished his object on the right, we withdrew, and were joined by Captain Daingerfield, who reported the destruction of the railroad bridges. Striking the West Union and Harrisville road, we moved toward Harrisville, when Colonel Harman captured this picket and drove the enemy from the town. Encamping a few miles from here, we rejoined the brigade and proceeded to Wirt Country. Captain McDonald, being sent ahead, captured several wagons and teams. The column reached the oil-wells, and, having destroyed the works, moved the same night from there. By order of the general commanding, I crossed the Little Kanawha about 21 miles from Glenville, and moved with White's battalion to Calhoun Court-House, where we encamped, and marched the day following toward Glenville, when I received orders from you to move up Steer Creek and proceed to Sutton. I reached Sutton on the evening of the second day, and was directed by the general commanding to take the most direct route from that place to the Warm Springs. I accordingly moved up Elk River, crossing its various tributaries; reached Back Creek after three days' severe marching, and the Warm Springs the morning of the fifth day, having laid by one day to recruit our horses. The day following, the brigade reached there. Moving next morning, we reached this camp on the third day.

During the thirty days of severe and uninterrupted marching, I was compelled to abandon many horses from disease and fatigue that were unable to be brought on. I brought out 72 horses, bought and impressed by those whose horses and given out. The casualties in the regiment during the time absent were small-1 man killed, 1 wounded, several captured.

Throughout the whole of this long and arduous march, characterized by the severest duties and exhausting privations, the spirit of officers and men never flagged. Every service that was demanded of them, every danger that was to be met, was encountered with a zeal and alacrity that baffled opposition and insured success. Hardships even endured without murmuring and dangers without shrinking. While the conduct of all has afforded the highest satisfaction, I cannot forbear commending Captains Ball, Daingerfield, and McDonald for the eminent services they rendered.

L. L. LOMAX,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN.

