
Numbers 15. Report of Colonel A. W. Harman, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry.

MAY 26, 1863.

GENERAL: On April 21, I moved my regiment to Brock's Gap, with eight days' rations and 40 rounds of ammunition.

On the night of the 26th, with Major Brown's battalion and Captain [John H.] McNeill's company, I moved in the direction of Oakland, destroyed the turnpike bridge over the North Branch of the Potomac, and reached Oakland at 11 a. m.; surprised and captured a company of 57 men, with 2 commissioned officers, and paroled them. Destroyed a railroad bridge east of the town and the railroad and turnpike bridges over the Youghiogheny River; also a train of cars. At Cranberry Summit I captured the guard (15 men) and paroled them, with 20 citizens, and destroyed the railroad property.

From here I moved to Kingwood and Morgantown, which places I took without opposition. The suspension bridge over Cheat River was destroyed on the turnpike.

I rejoined the command near Independence on the morning of April 28.

At Fairmont, on April 29, the Twelfth Regiment, under Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Massie (I having taken charge of the skirmishers from the Eleventh Regiment and Brown's battalion), supported the skirmishers and drove the enemy from the town, crossed the suspension bridge, and drove the enemy from Palatine, and cut off their retreat by the railroad bridge.

In this movement, Major White, with the dismounted men of his battalion, supported the Twelfth, and when the enemy's re-enforcements arrived I dismounted my men, and with pistols alone drove the enemy off, and enabled the force on the North Branch of the river to destroy the bridge.

From Fairmont we covered the rear of the command until it reached Philippi.

I had Captain [A. C.] Swindler, Lieutenants [J. W.] Kratzer and [William F.] Anderson, with 4 privates, wounded near Clarksburg. At Fairmont I had 1 man wounded and left there, and 5 men taken prisoners from straggling.

From Weston, on May 6, with the Eleventh Regiment and Witcher's battalion, I moved to West Union. Found the enemy too strong to capture the town, but employed him in front until the bridge (two in number) were destroyed east of the town. Captured and paroled 19 prisoners.

Next day proceeded to Harrisville, captured and paroled 75 Home Guards, and rejoined the command on the same night. My regiment continued with you to the Valley.

I left Harrisonburg with 405 men, rank and file, and returned with 415. Only 3 men of my command left improperly.

Officers and men bore the hardships of the arduous trip with cheerfulness and fortitude. I cannot discriminate between them. The men who returned to camp were either sent back by the surgeon or on duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HARMAN,

Colonel Twelfth Virginia Cavalry.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District.

