
On the morning of the 28th, moved on to Morgantown, leaving this place late in the evening. We moved on the road to Fairmont about 10 miles and encamped for the night.

Started on the 29th, at 3 a. m., for Fairmont. When we had reached the outside picket (which was captured by Company E, under the command of Captain [J. H.] Grabill), I, in accordance with your order, dismounted my sharpshooters, and deployed them as skirmishers to the left of the road leading from Barnesville to Fairmont. The enemy appeared in front some 400 or 500 yards off. Receiving orders from you to drive the enemy in and charge the town, I ordered an advance, drove the enemy from the hill through the town and across the bridge which spans the West Branch of the Monongahela River. This force I still pursued and compelled to recross the river on the railroad bridge, three-quarters of a mile above the town. I then took up a position directly opposite the enemy, and continued to fire on them until they surrendered. I had none either killed or wounded. Lieutenant [B. F.] Conard, of Company A, with 4 men, drove 4 of the enemy from a piece of artillery and took possession of it. This piece was afterward spiked and thrown into the river. After the surrender of the enemy, we moved out on the Clarksburg road and encamped for the night.

On the 30th, we continued on this road to within 4 miles of Clarksburg, when, suddenly turning to the left, we crossed the Monongahela River and took the road to Bridgeport. When within 2 miles of this place, I received orders from you to move up the railroad and protect the men who were destroying a railroad bridge, which order I executed. While remaining there, I tore up a portion of the track. I then returned, passed through Bridgeport (which place had been previously captured by a portion of your command), and encamped for the night on the road to Philippi.

May 1, moved on to Philippi. Turing to the right, before reaching this place, we took the road leading the Buckhannon.

The next day, moving on, we took the Weston road, which place we reached on the 4th, without anything worthy of note occurring. From this place we went to Cairo, where we arrived May 7, when, in accordance with your orders, I dismounted my sharpshooters, and moved them to the right of the road on which we were traveling, taking possession of a high bluff south of the town, and opposite to the house in and around which the enemy were stationed. The rest of my command were formed into a squadron for the purpose of charging the town. The enemy, however, surrendered without firing a gun.

Starting the next morning (the 8th), we went on to Oiltown, which we reached on the 9th. From this point we went to Arnoldsville, separating from the command at the river, and now being under Colonel Lomax, of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry.

On the 12th, we reached Sutton, where we rejoined the brigade.

On the 14th, we arrived at Summerville, and on the 16th encamped for the night within 2 miles of Lewisburg, without anything worthy of note occurring.

Left our camp near Lewisburg on the 17th, and arrived safely in camp near Mount Crawford on May 21, after an absence of thirty-one days.

Before closing this report, I only pay a just tribute to my men when I say that the promptness and alacrity with which they obeyed orders, their cheerfulness and fortitude under trials, dangers, and fatigue, the patience with, which they bore all manner of hardships, and their general good conduct, was truly gratifying, and I am proud of them.

I forgot to mention that a part of my command at Cairo, under the

