
upon by bushwhackers, without effect, who escaped, though the country was scoured in every direction.

I reached here at 12 m. to-day, with trains, artillery, and regiments, and without loss. The horses of the train and artillery were, however, so much overworked that they were brought in with great difficulty; the horses of my regiment also suffered severely from the work and exposure.

My duty will not allow me to close this report without mention of the conduct of the First New York Cavalry. All my attempts to keep them in order were ineffectual, and the regiment seemed entirely undisciplined, and beyond the control of its own officers. At no time was more than half the regiment together, but they straggled in all directions, and I am informed stole about 15 horses, which were taken with them, and for which the various [owners] are now demanding restitution.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. GALLIGHER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Michael Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations about Buck's and Front Royal Fords, Va.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to the general commanding the following report of the expedition under my command, consisting of 140 men of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and a detachment of 40 men of the Third Virginia Cavalry:

I proceeded on the 12th instant, by way of Middletown, to Buck's Ford, on the Shenandoah River, a distance of 17 miles, where I learned a party of rebel cavalry had crossed on the night previous and were then encamped on the opposite side of the river. I concluded not to cross at this point, as it would enable them to ascertain the strength of my force and give them an opportunity to escape. I them moved down to the Front Royal road, a distance of 4 miles, when the Virginia Cavalry, who had marched by way of White Post, were to join me. They arrived that night about 12 o'clock, when, after feeding the horses and allowing the men time to refresh themselves, we moved to the river, and crossed at the Front Royal Ford. We then moved by a back road, which brought us on the rear of the rebel camp; their camping-ground lay between two fords, so that they might be able to escape by either of them in case of a surprise. I divided my force so as to come on them at both sides, and place them between us and the river, which I succeeded in doing. About 1 mile from camp we met and drove in their pickets, following them up rapidly; they had just time enough to get "to horse" and take to the woods, after an ineffectual attempt to drive back our advance guard. I immediately sent a party through the woods to force them on the detachment I had sent to the upper ford, while I placed another party on a road that led inland, which the guides told me they would take in case both fords were cut off. The balance of my command I deployed around the woods, thus completely hemming them in the smallest possible space, where I felt assured of capturing

