
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md., May 26, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief, and his attention called to this report of a very handsome achievement by 16 men of the First New York Cavalry, of Colonel McReynolds' brigade, who attacked 22 rebel cavalry, and killed 2 of them, wounded 5, and captured 10, leaving only 5, who escaped.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 5. Itinerary of the Second Division, Eighth Army Corps, April 4-May 28.*

Cavalry employed constantly, either by regiment, battalion, company, or detachment.

Infantry employed at fatigue duty on the fortifications and repairing the Martinsburg turnpike, by regiment and detachment.

April 12-Colonel J. W. Keifer, with the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and a battalion of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Kerwin commanding, west upon a scout up Cedar Creek Valley. Distance marched by infantry, 50 miles; by cavalry, 80 miles.

April 13.-Returned.

April 17.-Colonel W. H. Ball, in command of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with two guns of Battery D, First West Virginia Artillery, Lieutenant Chalfant commanding, marched to Stump's tannery, and returned to Winchester next day. Distance marched, 40 miles. Captured a lot of leather from rebel owners.

April 22.-Brigadier-General Elliott, with One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Washburn commanding; One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Wilson commanding; Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Moss commanding; Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Galligher commanding, and two guns of Battery D, First [West] Virginia Artillery, went on a scout to Strasburg, with infantry and artillery, and with cavalry, beyond Woodstock.

April 23.-Returned. Distance marched by infantry and artillery, 36 miles; by cavalry, 67 miles. Captured 13 prisoners and considerable rebel property.

April 25.-Brigadier-General Elliott, commanding, went on a scout to Wardensville, Strasburg, &amp;c., and was absent five days. He took with him the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Washburn; One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Wilson; Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Moss; Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Galligher, of First Brigade, and a detachment of Second Brigade, consisting of Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Ninth [West] Virginia Volunteers. At Fisher's Hill, near Strasburg, Va., had a skirmish with the rebels, Colonel Galligher, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding the force engaged, with

---------------

*From "Record of Events," on division and brigade returns.

---------------

