
loss of 6 killed, 7 wounded, and 14 missing, of Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. At Harper's Mills, Va., captured a rebel lieutenant and six privates. Distance marched during expedition-by infantry, 101 miles; cavalry, 150 miles.

April 4.-Cavalry pickets on the Millwood road captured 2 of Twelfth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry. They were dismounted and without arms, having left everything on the east side of the Shenandoah River.

April 8.-Cavalry picket on the Millwood road was attacked about 10 p. m. and 2 of the men captured, 1 of whom was severely wounded in the arm. Five horses were taken. The men were subsequently released.

April 9.-It was rumored that Berryville would be attacked. A section of artillery arrived from Winchester as re-enforcement.

April 10.-At 3 a. m. whole force under arms.

April 13.-Scouting party to Snicker's Ferry, consisting of 1 lieutenant and 10 men, were attacked by 37 rebel cavalry (dismounted), formed in ambuscade, under Lieutenant [William R.] Smith, Fourth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry. One of our men, Charles Young, of Company F, was killed, and 1 taken; since released. Several horses were wounded, but none rendered unserviceable.

April 22.-Lieutenant Wyckoff, First New York Cavalry, Lieutenants Powell and Means, and 40 men of the Twelfth [West] Virginia Infantry, crossed the Shenandoah by twos, in a skiff at midnight, and captured the chief "Leopold" and 6 of his confederates.

April 27.-The two sections of Battery B, First [West] Virginia Light Artillery, were relieved by Captain Alexander's Independent Battery, Baltimore Light Artillery.

May 1.-The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry and (May 7 and 9) the entire Second Brigade (except detachments of the First and Third [West] Virginia Cavalry and Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery), were ordered by Major-General Schenck to re-enforce General Kelley in Western Virginia, and temporarily detached from the division.

May 21.-The Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry returned to the division; the Ninth, Tenth, and Twelfth [West] Virginia Infantry Regiments are still in Western Virginia. The Ninth and Tenth Regiments have been permanently detached by order of General Schenck. Battery B, First [West] Virginia Artillery, has also been detached.

May 4.-Colonel Galligher, with the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and two pieces of Battery D, First [West] Virginia Artillery, with a detachment of First New York Cavalry, went on scout to Moorefield, via Wardensville. Returned to Winchester, Va., via Romney, May 9.

May 5.-Brigadier-General Elliott, with One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Tenth [West] Virginia Infantry, went on scout up the Valley, proceeding as far as New Market, Va., and returned to Winchester May 9. Captured 9 prisoners and lost 5 men of Company G, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, captured near Edenburg.

May 15.-Captain James R. Utt, Third [West] Virginia Cavalry, with Companies D and E, Third West Virginia Cavalry, and a detachment of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, went on scout to Front Royal, and the next day attacked and routed a party of rebel cavalry at Piedmont, Va., recapturing 55 prisoners of the Second Maryland Cavalry. Captain Ult, of Third [West] Virginia Cavalry, and Sergeant Graham, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, were killed in the charge.

