
May 25.-The Eighteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteer Infantry reported for duty with the division, and now form a part of the command.

May 5.-Four hundred men of Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry and 30 men of First New York Cavalry, from Berryville, crossed the Shenandoah at Snicker's Ferry, under Colonel Staunton, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry. The infantry fired into the cavalry, suppossing them to be rebels, killing 2 and wounding 3 of our men. The expedition captured 2 prisoners and 21 horses.

May 16.-At 8.30 a. m., 150 of the First New York Cavalry crossed the Shenandoah at Snicker's Ferry. In the afternoon of the same day came upon a party of 22 rebels near Berry's Ferry, and had a sharp skirmish. We had 2 men and several horses wounded; captured 10 rebels and killed 1, and several horses. Returned to camp same evening, having gone as far as Paris, Va.

May 27.-Captain Boyd, with 100 men of the First New York Cavalry, crossed the Shenandoah with three days' rations; went via Aldie to Fairfax Court-House, and returned via Leesburg, capturing on his way 1 captain and 2 privates; saw no other enemy.

May 28.-Captain [Daniel H.] Harkins, with 40 men, captured a rebel lieutenant near Upperville.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel O. R. Fusten, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry.

HARRISONBURG, VA., May 31, 1863.

GENERAL: As commanding officer of that portion of your command which remained in the Valley during your recent expedition to Western Virginia, consisting mostly of dismounted cavalry, I have the honor to make the following report:

On April 22, about 500 of the enemy's cavalry advanced up the Valley as far as Woodstock. Major S. B. Myers, Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry, who was in command of the picket on the line of Fisher's Hill, bravely disputed their advance with his little command. His loss was 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 12 taken prisoners, of whom 2 were afterward killed by the enemy in could blood after they had been several hours in their hands as prisoners of war. The conduct of the enemy during this expedition was marked by acts of brutality and fiendishness unknown in civilized warfare, such as the murder of prisoners of war, firing into a funeral procession, and burning the dwellings of unoffending citizens, &amp;c.

Immediately after this raid, I re-enforced Major Myers with 150 dismounted cavalry, armed with long-range guns, and under the command of Captain [Joseph L.] McAleer, of the Maryland Battalion of Infantry.

On April 28, two regiments of the enemy's cavalry, four regiments of infantry, and some artillery came in sight of our picket post at Fisher's Hill from the direction of Wardensville, supposed to be a part of the force from Winchester, which had advanced a few days previously toward you in Hardy County. Major Myers, with a great deal of skill, drew their cavalry (Twelfth and Thirteenth Pennsylvania) into an ambus-

