
cade, in which the 150 dismounted men opened upon them from a secure position a very effective fire, at a distance of from 30 to 40 yards. They were routed in a few minutes, with a loss of at least 70 in killed, wounded, and prisoners.

Our only loss was the mortally, wounding of 1 man.

All of this occurred in sight of the enemy's whole force, which was soon advanced, and our handful of men were moved back in perfect order to a position of safety across the river, and the next morning, the enemy having retired toward Winchester, we resumed the picket line.

Much credit is due to Major Myers, Captain McAleer, and other officers for the skill and bravery which they displayed in this affair.

On May 6, Major Myers reported that the enemy were advancing up the Valley with one regiment of cavalry, one brigade of infantry, and nine pieces of artillery. I re-enforced him with nearly all of the cavalry I had.

On the morning of the 8th, they had advanced above New Market, and I moved up the Maryland Battalion of infantry and all the dismounted cavalry who had guns, with the artillery, below Harrisonburg, and prepared to give them battle.

We remained in this position until about 8 o'clock the next morning, when I was informed that the enemy were falling back toward Winchester.

Major Myers, by his skill in checking the advance of the enemy, enabled the citizens to drive off all of their stock, of which an immense quantity came up the road, and the raid was consequently entirely fruitless to the enemy.

On the night of May 16, a party of 45 men, under Captain [R. Preston] Chew and Lieutenant [John W.] Carter, of Chew's battery, and Lieutenant [G. B.] Philpot, of the Seventh Regiment, was sent down to attack a cavalry company which was stationed in Charlestown. Jefferson County, which numbered about 93 men. The expedition was entirely successful in the beginning. The enemy was surprised about 1 o'clock at night, and, besides several who were killed and wounded and left behind, Captain Chew brought out 56 prisoners and 75 horses. Unfortunately, they were attacked the next day at 2 p. m., after having marched 35 miles on their return, at Piedmont, in Fauquier County, by about 120 of the enemy's cavalry, and after a firm resistance (in which the captain commanding the enemy's cavalry was killed, besides several of his command), they were obliged to abandon the prisoners and captured horses.

Our loss in this whole affair was only 5 men wounded and 2 or 3 taken prisoners.

The officers and men deserve a great deal of credit for this affair, which was one of the boldest of the war.

Several other incursions were made by smaller parties within the enemy's lines, generally resulting in the capture of prisoners and horses.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

O. R. FUNSTEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District, Army of Northern Virginia.

10 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

