
Great deal of stock, bacon, and grain has been and is now being sent across the Rappahannock from the upper counties. There is still a large quantity on hand, especially bacon and grain. I understand but little has been sent from the lower counties.

The enemy are in the habit of sending small parties of cavalry across two or three times a week to patrol the counties. They are granting a great many furloughs, and there are a large number of soldiers home on the Nect.

A conscription is advertised at Warsaw Court-House on Friday and Saturday of this week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CRAIG W. WADSWORTH,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 12, 1863.-Skirmishes near Smithfield and Charlestown, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

February 13, 1863-2.40 p. m.

I have received the following dispatch from Brigadier General Kelley:

Yesterday about 1 p. m. a squad of [R. W.] Baylor's rebel cavalry attacked a small scouting party of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, from Kearnesville, of 12 men near Smithfield, killing 1, wounding 2, and capturing 4 men and several horses. About 4 p. m. my scouts from here fell in with the same party a few miles south of Charlestown, and, after a running fight of several miles, recaptured our men and and horses, and captured Lieutenant [George] Baylor, two of his men, and several horses.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FEBRUARY 12-14, 1863.-Expedition from Belle Plain to Mattox Creek, Currioman and Nomini Bays, Va.

Report of Colonel James Gavin, Seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIRST. ARMY CORPS,February 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have honor to report that, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, I embarked 350 men of the Seventh Indiana Volunteers on board the steamer Edwin Lewis, on the evening of the 12th instant.

Arrived near the mouth of Mattox Creek on the morning of the 13 th,

about daylight. Found no landing or wharf near that place, except

