
we arrived at 10 a. m. on the 13th, disembarked and marched rapidly to Heathsville, arresting and detaining as prisoners all citizens living on the line of march, to prevent information of our approach reaching that place. the town was completely surprised. From all the information I could gain, I am convinced there is no depot of supplies in that neighborhood; none were found. I seized all mail-matter found in the place, which is herewith transmitted.

I seized 43 horses and mules, 28 of which I sent under charge of Lieutenant Daily, Secret Wisconsin Volunteers, with 27 men, by land, instructing him to seize any stock he could on the way, in accordance with general orders. Lieutenant Dailey will probably reach our lines to-day. Fifteen horses and mules I shipped on board the steamer. I seized about 10,000 pounds of bacon, 1 box of shoes, 1 bale of cotton, 1 part bale cotton, 2 anchors, 1 cable chain, 1 wagon, 2 sets harness. Having no transportation for any more property, I embarked my command on the 14th, steamed to Nomini Bay, and from there to Mattox River, looking after Colonel Gravin's expedition, to co-operate with him, but did not find him.

I arrested James Smith, of Coan River, on the charge of being engaged with persons in running the blockade. He acknowledged that he has hauled smuggled goods to the Rappahannock River. I thin he can give valuable information as to the names of persons engaged in smuggling.

I arrested F. Dowing, on the charge of being one of the leaders of a party who arrested and to Richmond 8 men from two coal-barges which went ashore near Cod River about the middle of November last. Both prisoners were delivered at your headquarters last evening.

In Coan River I destroyed three small vessels; in Cod River two-all sunken, but could be raised with little trouble. The had all run the blockade, and could have been raised again for the same purpose.

No considerable force of the enemy could heard of.

The commissioners of conscription were to have met, as you will see by the posted herewith inclosed, but they were notified that our cavalry were marching in that direction, and field on the evening of the 12th.

About 70 contrabands were given transportation on board of the steamer.

The officers and men behaved most excellently. Lieutenant-Colonel Bragg, of the Sixth, and Major Mansfield, of the Second Wisconsin Volunteers, rendered me valuable aid and assistance.

The property I will turn over to the quartermaster. Forage can be had in large quantities in the neighborhood of Heathsville, if gathered in from the plantations round about.

I arrived at Belle Plain, and disembarked at 5 p. m. on the 15th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS FAIRCHILD,

Colonel Second Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain T. E. ELLSWORTH,

Asst. Adjt. General., First Division, First Army Corps.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

JAS. S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

2 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

