
FEBRUARY 25, 1863.-Skirmish at Hardwood Church, Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Benajah P. Bailey, Eighty-sixth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 4.-Itinerary of the Second Division, Cavalry Corps, commanded by Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,February 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following information from Colonel Bailey, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, general officer of my outposts:

About 2 o'clock the enemy's cavalry in force drove in our vedettes and approached within 20 yards of my infantry sentinels. Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York, opened fire on the assailants, and drove them back with loss. The attack was not renowned. Considerable firing was heard on the right of Colonel Bailey. It was reported that a detachment of our cavalry, estimated from 60 to 100, was cut off by the enemy and made prisoners.

General Whipple informs me that Colonel Bailey has taken a prisoner who states that he belongs to Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry, five regiments of which crossed the river this morning and made this attack. This man will be sent immediately to headquarters as soon as he arrives. Shall I go out with a brigade or so, to support my line?

I am, general,very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Benajah P. bailey, Eight-sixth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Thirt Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE PICKET,February 25, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Our cavalry picket at the Warrenton road were field into at about 2 o'clock, the enemy being from 500 to 1,000 strong. Our cavalry passed through our lines, the enemy within 20 yards, firing with pistols at the

---------------

* See "Correspondence, etc.," February 25 and 26, Part II. See also General Orders, Numbers 29, Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, February 28, 1863, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

---------------

