
H.] Morgan, chief of staff, Second Corps, to ration my men and forage my horses for eight days, and to hold my detachment ready for service at any moment. I did as directed, and was ready.

April 27, I received the following order:

I am instructed by the commanding general to direct that your detachment be in readiness to move at sunrise to-morrow, April 28.

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The same day I received a verbal order from you directing me to remain at the Phillips house to make observations of the movements of the enemy and report the same to you at general headquarters.

April 28, 29, and 30, your orders were complied with, but May 1 I ceased to report to you or communicate through you, in consequence of the following order, to wit:
HEADQUARTERS,May 1, 1863.

Captain HALL, Signal Officer:

Telegraph direct to me reports of what you observe.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

May 1, was directed by you to open communication with Tyler's battery station, which was done at once. At 4 p. m. was ordered to take the large telescope, and reconnoiter the enemy's position in front of General Sedgwick, south of Tyler's Hill. I did so, and reported my observations to General Sedgwick.

May 2, after reviewing the position of the enemy at that point and reporting it to General Sedgwick, I returned to my own station, as per telegram to Captain Babcock. Was directed by General Butterfield to make triplicate reports of observation. We reported to General Sedgwick, General Gibbon, and to General Butterfield.

May 3, opened communication with General Sedgwick from court-house steeple and brown church steeple. As soon as troops advanced, opened communication with Lieutenants Hill and Brooks to the left of Telegraph road, and right of Plank road with Captain Gloskoski and Lieutenant Marston. Lieutenant Briggs was sent to assist us at this station.

May 4, opened with General Sedgwick through Captains Babcock and Gloskoski, when all other communication was cut off, and the most intense excitement prevailed in officials in consequence thereof. Our success in this respect was marked, and everybody seemed to breathe more freely. In this instance we signally triumphed over the enemies of our corps, and those who had ordered the signals not to be used were the first to avail themselves of our ready means of communication.

The labors of Lieutenant Taylor and myself were incessant and arduous. In addition to our observations and the sending and receiving of dispatches by signals and by telegraph, Major-General Butterfield ordered me to make consolidated reports of our hourly reports in the evening of each day. The importance of our position was evident from the solicitude with which Generals Butterfield, Sedgwick, Gibbon, and others sought and obtained information from this point. In order to make our dispatches certain in case of accident to our telegraph, General Butterfield furnished me with mounted orderlies, who were sent in such force as to enable me to report every five minutes, if necessary, and I find by referring to my reports that less than five minutes intervened in sending of some.

