
During the different days of the movement we communicated with eight different stations, and, by referring to the number of dispatches and reports sent and received, you will discover that no previous labor of a single set can compare with it. We feel confident that we have done more actual signal labor than all the other officers in this movement.

The indefatigable labors of First Lieutenant P. A. Taylor, and his dispatches and correctness in sending and receiving messages, challenge our admiration.

It would be gross injustice did I fail to acknowledge the good conduct of three of my men - Acting Sergeant Chamberlin, Corpl. L. H. Goodenough, and Private G. W. Smith. They were always present, ready for duty, and did it. We have no better flagmen in the corps. Of my own exertions in carrying out the desires of the chief signal officer and yourself for the welfare of the corps I have nothing to say, save that I endeavored to do my duty.

Accompanying this report, please find the messages* sent and received from the 28th of April till the 5th of May, inclosed by myself.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Set F.

Captain SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Peter A. Taylor, Forty-ninth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

PHILLIPS HOUSE, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty performed by me during the recent engagements at Fredericksburg and vicinity:

April 28. - Received verbal orders from you to remain at the Phillips house station, make observations of the enemy's movements, and open communications with stations to be established.

April 29. - Opened communication with Captain Kendall and Lieutenant Fortescue at General Sedgwick's headquarters on hill opposite first bridge below the city.

April 30. - Received verbal orders from you to report observations to General Sedgwick and yourself.

May 1. - In accordance with orders received by Captain Hall, commanding Set F, from Major-General Butterfield, chief of staff, reports of observations were made direct to him, and copies of same sent by signals to Major-General Sedgwick and by telegraph to General Gibbon.

May 2. - Making and reporting observations to Generals Butterfield, Sedgwick, and Gibbon.

May 3. - Opened communication with station established in the city of Fredericksburg, with Lieutenants Brooks and Hill in the court-house steeple, and Captain E. C. Pierce in a church steeple, communicating through them with Generals Sedgwick and Gibbon. Our forces on this day captured the heights in rear of the city; the stations in the city were

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

15 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

