
immediately advanced; opened with Lieutenants Brooks and Hill, on second range of hills near the Telegraph road, and with Captain Gloskoski near the Dahlman house.

May 4, 6.45 a. m. - Discovered the advance of the enemy upon the heights in rear of the city, and in the rear of General Sedgwick, and immediately reported to Generals Butterfield and Gibbon. By this movement of the enemy, all communication with General Sedgwick was cut off. At 8.15 a. m., opened communication with General Sedgwick through Captains Babcock and Gloskoski at station established about 10 miles from the city, sending and receiving messages over the heads of the enemy in intrenchments near the city. Communicated to General Sedgwick the movement and force of enemy in his rear, and sent, by signal, to him orders from general headquarters. Reported observations made during the day to Generals Butterfield, Sedgwick, and Gibbon. With the day, closed all signal communication with the other side of the river.

May 5, 6, and 7. - Communication kept up with Captain Kendall, and Lieutenant Fortescue, at station of observation below the city, and myself, observing and reporting movements of the enemy.

For copies of messages sent and received, I respectfully refer you to the accompanying parcel.* Some of the observations made by me were taken down and dispatched by Captain Hall, and will appear in his report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Fountain Wilson, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserves, Acting Signal Officer.

SIGNAL TELEGRAPH TRAIN, May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations in this department from the 28th ultimo to the 6th instant:

By orders from Captain Samuel T. Cushing, the train in my charge was run down to Franklin's Crossing, and communication opened with Major-General Sedgwick. I reported to General Sedgwick on the evening of the 28th ultimo. The line worked remarkably well, scarcely any interruption occurring. On the 30th, by order of Captain Cushing, the wire was extended to General Reynolds' headquarters, about 2 miles below. This line was taken in on the 1st instant, after General Reynolds had moved to our right.

On the 3rd instant, General Sedgwick having advanced and taken possession of Frederisksburg, Captain Cushing ordered communication to be established with him by running the wire into Fredericksburg from the Phillips house. A station was consequently established in Fredericksburg, but, owing to General Sedgwick's advance on the Orange road, but little communication was had with him.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

