
crossed the river the next morning, taking all but three-quarters of a mile of wire, which was broken in many places, and the roads being so crowded I was unable to take it up. I would particularly mention Privates C. H. Davy and H. W. Fulton, who were with me at United States Ford. Being called from Banks' Ford, they did their duty nobly, and sent messages rapidly and correctly. All the men in the whole detachment did their duty well, and I have no complaints to make, except in the case of Braun, who refused to carry an important message when the line was broken, and positively refused to obey my orders; he is now under charges. I am happy to say he was not one of the old party, but reported with Lieutenant Jerome a short time since.

On the 7th instant, the United States Ford line was taken up. The Banks' Ford line was taken up on the 2nd instant, as the regular telegraph had put up a line to that point that day. At present, the only line up is from headquarters to the Phillips house.

Great deal of trouble was occasioned by careless teamsters and soldiers breaking the line, and, although a guard was placed along the whole line from headquarters to United States Ford, the line was frequently broken.

I would respectfully recommend that 3 or 4 pack-mules, or 1 to every train, be used, as they would be very useful to take wire and rations to distant stations, as was the case at United States Ford, when no wagons were allowed to go up there. I would also recommend that the six old instruments we have here be used at the camp of instruction, Georgetown, D. C., and six new instruments, with bell attachments, be sent here in their place. The sic old instruments referred to work every way as well as they ever did, but the new instruments are so much better made that they would work much better here in the field, while the old instruments would be well adapted to the use of new beginners.

For the working of the lines on the center and left, at Banks' Ford and the left wing, I respectfully refer you to the reports of Lieutenants Jerome, Wilson, and Stone.*

The number of messages sent on the various stations were: Headquarters, 107 - 91 of which were returned to Generals Williams and Butterfield, at their request; Banks' Ford, 120; United States Ford, 109; General Sedgwick's headquarters, 216; General Reynolds' headquarters, 47 - from April 28 to May 6, 1863. Total, 599. All the officers with me deserve great credit for the good working of the various stations, as it was a duty entirely new to them, and there is no fault to find with their management.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. BEARDSLEE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Detachment.

First. Lieutenant WM. S. STRYKER, Adjutant, Signal Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Davis E. Castle, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty performed by me during the late movement:

I received orders Sunday, April 26, from General Howard, command

---------------

* Reports of Jerome and Stone not found.

---------------

