
ing Eleventh Corps, to prepare for an early march the ensuing morning. I prepared the party, consisting of 1 lieutenant, myself, and 4 flagmen, with full equipments, ready for immediate service, both by day and night signals. The march commenced at 5 a. m. the 27th of April, the head of the column camping at night 2 miles southwest of Hartwood Church. On the 28th, marched to Kelly's Ford. At 4 p. m. was ordered by General Howard to reconnoiter with my glass the country opposite, and report all movements, if any, of the enemy, and all that could be seen on the south side of the river. Reported nothing but a few cavalry pickets in view. Kept a watch until dark. The pontoon bridges were then placed, and I crossed at head of column, leaving an officer with flagmen on north side to communicate with other corps (Twelfth and Fifth), if necessary.

At the Rapidan River, Germanna Ford, Generals Slocum and Howard asked my assistance in establishing communication across the river whenever our troops secured a crossing. Finding General Slocum's chief signal officer near the ford, stated the wishes of Generals Slocum and Howard, when he immediately crossed the river, and in a few minutes communication was opened 1 mile back from the banks of the river. Communication by this line was kept open until both corps (Twelfth and Eleventh) had crossed, which was not accomplished until after midnight.

April 30. - Arrived at Locust Grove, on Fredericksburg and Culpeper Plank road, 1 3/4 miles west of Chancellorsville, at 4 p. m. I tried immediately to open communication by signal to Chancellorsville, General Hooker's headquarters, but as the only line that could be opened was in the road, and that constantly filled with troops, was obliged to abandon it.

Saturday, May 2. - Early this a. m. established a station on the Chancellorsville road, and 1 mile from General Howard's headquarters, with the intention of opening communication to General Hooker's headquarters, but as the Eleventh Corps received orders about this time to move to the left, withdrew the station, after using it about one hour.

On arriving at Chancellorsville the corps was sent back to their old position. About 11 a. m., was sent by General Howard toward turnpike crossing, to watch the movements of the enemy, who were moving westerly on road running parallel with Plank road, and some 2 miles south of same. I immediately established a station at Little Wilderness, our extreme right, communicating with General Howard at Locust Grove, receiving all orders and reporting constantly all movements of the enemy as I could see them from my position. At 4.30 p. m. the rebel vedettes or patrol made their appearance, and were fired at by our advance pickets, which I reported to General Howard. At 5 p. m. the main force of the enemy swept down upon us en masse. My station was in direct line of their guns; moved it a little, but impossible to get out of range. In less than a quarter of an hour after they made their first appearance in force, they were within 40 rods of my station. A shell exploded at this time at our feet by the station, wounding Private McCollin. My flagman was obliged to abandon the station, but not until I had reported the movements of the enemy as far as I knew them. Collecting my equipments, returned to Lieutenant Keen's station, at Locust Grove. The enemy pursued so close that Lieutenant [Charles W.] Keen [jr.] had barely time to secure his equipments ere they were upon us. In Sunday's battle I was unable to do any signaling, but acted as staff officer.

On Monday, sent Lieutenant Keen down the river to a position oppo-

