
site, where the enemy opened a battery upon the wagon train and hospital on the north side of river, to report movements of the enemy at brick hospital, south side, by signal, if possible; also tried to open communication with our extreme left, from General Howard's right, but was unable to do so. Tuesday, did no signaling, but remained where could by found in case was needed. Of the flagmen of this party, would say they behaved well. Alexander McCollin, a brave and good man, always ready to do the duty assigned him, I am grieved to say, lost a leg early in the engagement of Saturday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. CASTLE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant John E. Holland, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

FALMOUTH, VA., May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On Saturday, May 2, 1863, I was ordered to open a station at chestnut tree, near Mrs. Burton's house, to communicate with the left of our army. I remained there until I received orders from Captain Fisher to leave the place.

On Sunday, May 3, I opened communication with Lieutenant Tuckerman, at the brick house on opposite side of river, near United States Ford, which was kept up until our army recrossed the river, when it was broken up by order of Captain Fisher.

The following are some of the most important messages transmitted and received by me:

MAY 5, 1863 - 9 p. m.

Generals COUCH, SLOCUM, or MEADE:

Suspend movements for an hour or two. Trouble at the bridges. Acknowledge.

HOOKER.

General.

MAY 5, 1863 - 10.30 p. m.

General HOOKER:

Received dispatch to suspend movements.

GEO. G. MEADE.

MAY 5, 1863 - 10.40 p. m.

General HOOKER:

My artillery has all gone. No infantry move on my line or Reynolds'. We will wait further orders. I will communicate with Sickles, and try to find Couch and Slocum.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MAY 6, 1863 - 1.20 a. m.

General COUCH:

The general desires to know the position and condition of affairs now.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

