
Hoping that this may meet with your approval, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. E. HOLLAND,

First Lieutenant Thirty-sixth Indiana Vols. and Actg. Signal Officer.

Captain SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieuts. John C. Wiggins, Third New Jersey Infantry,, and N. Henry Camp, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, Acting Signal Officers.

SIGNAL STATION,

Near Fitzhugh House, May 9, 1863.

SIR: We have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty performed by us since the 4th ultimo:

On Saturday, April 4, we reported by your orders to Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds, commanding First Army Corps, then in camp near Belle Plain.

Sunday, 12th, we received the cipher code from you, and on Monday, 13th, our set was inspected by Captain Cushing.

On Thursday, 16th, Private O'Hara reported to Lieutenant Camp in place of Ludlow, a two years' man.

On Friday, 17th, Private Ludlow reported to depot camp.

April 28, broke up camp and moved down in the neighborhood of the Fitzhugh house, preparatory to crossing next day.

April 29, established communication from General Reynolds' headquarters, on a hill near Wolcutt's Mills, to General Sedgwick's headquarters, where they (?) connected with the signal telegraph trains; transmitted some messages of importance. In the a. m. General Wadsworth's division crossed the river.

April 30, the line was still more effective, and in the afternoon was run under a heavy fire. A rebel signal torch was visible in the evening, but could not see their foot-lights; consequently took no messages.

May 1, the signal telegraph arrived at our station at 1 p. m., when we broke up our flag station. An order from General Hooker, dated Chancellorsville, 11.30 a. m., not received until 5 p. m.

May 2, moved to Chancellorsville, via United States Ford. Arrived there late in the afternoon, and attempted, by Captain Fisher's orders, to establish communication with the front. Lieutenant Camp, going out as far as possible, reported the line impracticable.

May 3, we spent in reconnoitering as far as possible, reporting to General Reynolds; the densely wooded character of the country rendering this station of observation a very unsatisfactory one.

May 4, we tried it again in front of General Robinson's command, taking our glasses and going outside of our lines, but nothing satisfactory could be discovered.

May 5, in the evening, we were ordered by General Reynolds to discover the extent and direction of the enemy's fires, and in the deepest darkness we went out until we could plainly see their picket fires, and accomplished our object to the satisfaction of the general. We commenced the movement to recross the Rappahannock River at 2 a. m. on 6th of May, pitching our tents at the Wallace mansion about 5 p. m.

