
the same to Lieutenant-Colonel [Louis] Shirmer, chief of artillery, Eleventh Army Corps.

May 5, remained at signal station, at United States Ford, with Captain Castle, in readiness, if wanted.

May 6, the army having recrossed the river, I returned to camp headquarters, Eleventh Corps.

Yours, very respectfully,

CHARLES W. KEEN, JR.,

Lieutenant Co. H, Twenty-sixth Regiment Pa. Vols., and Actg. Sig. Off.

CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Martin Denicke, One hundred and Thirty-second New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of services rendered by me from April 30 to the 6th instant, having left camp of instruction, Georgetown, D. C., on the 30th of April, by order of Captain Nicodemus, commanding camp, with instructions to report to Captain Samuel T. Cushing, chief signal officer, Army of Potomac, for duty:

Falmouth, Va., May 2, 1863, 2 a. m. - Arrived at 4 a. m., yesterday; Lieutenants Miner, Lyon, and myself received orders to proceed to Banks' Ford, and report to General Benham, commanding at the ford, arriving there at 4 a. m., and opened several points of observation, the results of which were reported to Generals Benham and Tyler and Colonel Stuart. The following are some of the observations reported:

Heard occasional cannonading in the direction of United States Ford all day. Heavy volumes of smoke over woods in same direction.

Three lines of rifle-pits on hills opposite Banks' Ford, with about 500 rebel infantry.

Enemy's rifle-pits and redoubts constructed along the hills facing the river, for at least a mile. Their rifle pits were heavily picketed.

Banks' Ford, May 3, 1863, 6 a. m. - Heavy musketry and artillery [firing] in direction of United States Ford.

11 a. m. - Heavy cannonading in direction of Fredericksburg.

11.30 a. m. - Firing in rear of Fredericksburg approaching; nothing to be seen on account of dense smoke.

1.30 p. m. - A rebel force, consisting of from 5,000 to 6,000 infantry, a section of artillery, and two squadrons of cavalry, marching at double-quick in direction of Chancellorsville. Enemy's vedettes in sight.

5 p. m. - Our infantry coming from Fredericksburg, driving the enemy out of their rifle-pits.

5.30 p. m. - Our infantry again move forward, driving in the enemy's pickets.

6 p. m. - Our engineers just commencing to throw a pontoon bridge across the river below the ford.

While at this station I had occasion to give information to commander of a battery of eight pieces regarding position of the enemy.

6 p. m. - Received orders from General Benham to report for duty to Major-General Sedgwick on field of battle. The bridge not being fin

