
General Hooker not advancing as was anticipated; yet observations of rebel pickets and movements of detached bodies of the enemy were made.

On the following morning (May 3), I proceeded to and established a station at Ballard's house, 3 miles farther up the river, so as to form complete signal communication between Banks' Ford and General Hooker's headquarters. This same evening I returned to Banks' Ford. Next morning, accompanied by Lieutenant Denicke, I proceeded across the river, and established communication between General Sedgwick's extreme front and Lieutenant Miner, at Banks' Ford, near to which were General Tyler's forces. At this station several very important messages were exchanged, among which are the following:

General BENHAM:

General Sedgwick wishes another bridge thrown across the river near the one already down.

General HOOKER:

The enemy are pressing me. I am taking position to cross the river whenever necessary.

SEDGWICK,

General.

I remained on this station, or on one near by, which overlooked very much of the surrounding country, till the forces of General Sedgwick retired across the river, when I returned to the station at Banks' Ford.

Being hotly shelled at this point in the evening, our party of three retired one-half a mile to the rear, from whence we reported to headquarters of Signal Corps, near Fredericksburg, on the morning of May 6, 1863.

During this march and service, no public property under my charge was lost or destroyed.

I am, dear sir, your obedient servant,

I. S. LYON,

Second Lieutenant Eleventh Conn. Vols. and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain Paul Babcock, jr., Seventh New Jersey Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

CAMP OF RESERVE PARTY,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty during the late movement of the Army of the Potomac:

At 6 a. m., April 29, I received an order from Captain Cushing, chief signal officer, to proceed to the left, and ascertain what was being done and what needed. I immediately went to Tyler's Hill, where I found Lieutenant Wilson with the signal telegraph in working order, connecting headquarters of the army with headquarters of the left wing. At 9 a. m. I found Captain Kendall on hill to left of Tyler's battery, connecting by signals the Phillips house with the Fitzhugh house, and through it with the Seddon house and a station near Buckner's Neck. All these stations having been established by Captain Cushing the day before, and being in working order, making a line of communications,

