
Numbers 20. Report of Captain Edward C. Pierce, Third Maine Infantry, and Lieutenant George J. Clarke, Sixty-second New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following result of my operations as an acting signal officer, Sixth Army Corps, during the late movement:

April 28. - The Sixth Corps left its camp and moved to the river, about 3 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

April 29. - Effected a crossing at Franklin's Crossing, and General Brooks' division was sent over to hold the opposite bank until the pontoon bridges were laid.

April 30. - Opened communication between General Brooks' headquarters and General Sedgwick's, but the distance being so short, I concluded that Set K could be of more use by making observations of the enemy's movements from the bluffs on this side of the river and reporting to the general commanding Sixth Corps; therefore recalled Lieutenant Clarke from General Brooks' headquarters.

May 1. - Remained in the same position, and continued making reports to General Sedgwick.

May 2. - Remained in the same position. At 11 p. m. the Sixth Corps was ordered to join General Hooke and Chancellorsville, via Plank road and Fredericksburg. Soon after reaching, I opened communication with the Phillips house, by order of General Sedgwick. We remained on the Church station, in Fredericksburg, until nearly dark, when we abandoned station and proceeded to join General Sedgwick in front.

May 3. - Discovered the enemy massing troops on our left, and reported the fact to the general, which was the first intimation he had of the fact. By order of General Sedgwick, we remained in the same position during the day, making reports of every movement of the enemy. About 6 p. m. the enemy made their attack, and the Sixth Corps fell back to Banks' Ford. Lieutenant Clarke, and myself reported to General Sedgwick, and, by his request, acted as aides during the continuance of the movement until the eve of the 8th, when we went into camp near our old camps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. PIERCE,

Captain Third Maine Vols. and Acting Signal Officer.

GEO. J. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant Sixty-second New York Vols. Acting Signal Officer.

Lieutenant WM. S. STRYKER,

Adjutant, Signal Corps.

Numbers 21. Report of Lieutenant Frank W. Marston, Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

RESERVE CAMP, May 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty performed by myself, in connection with Captain Gloskoski, up to the

