
get to the front, but in so doing ran into the skirmishers, and was forced to fall back to the town. I could find no commanding officer in the place. One of General Gibbon's aides was equally unsuccessful. Every one seemed in consternation at the sudden appearance of the enemy. I crossed the river and reported to Captain Cushing, asking him for new men, one of my flagmen having been sent with the wagon in the morning, and the other crossed the river by my order, when we fell back to the town. Captain Cushing ordered me to report to General Butterfield what I had seen, which I did. I found Captain Babcock's wagon, and discovered that a portion of my kit, which had been placed in it, had fallen out and was lost. My valise also was missing. I mention the loss of my valise because it involves another loss, which I report with much mortification. Having a full kit in my possession, I did not take out my star flags, which I had kept with my private baggage; consequently, when that was lost, my flags fell into the hands of the enemy. I would respectfully submit that this loss occurred through no fault or neglect of mine, or of any one else, and was entirely unavoidable. The valise was placed in the wagon, and was seen to fall out when the enemy was close upon it. I did not leave there until forced to, being in danger of capture or death. I brought off the signal telescopes and two marine glasses, with my ordinary signal flag and poles. I asked permission to join Captain Gloskoski on the south side of the river, which Captain Cushing granted, and then almost immediately countermanded, and ordered me to remain on duty at the Phillips house. While there, I sent and received the following messages to General Sedgwick, commanding:

Lieutenant-Colonel MCMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shall I send out supplies ot the corps to-day; if so, by what road?

C. W. TOLLES,

Quartermaster, Sixth Corps.

General BUTTERFIELD:

Enemy attacked General Howe's left this a. m. He repulsed them, and took 200 prisoners.

I was afterward ordered to report to General Gibbon at the Lacy house, which I did, and remained with him until the next morning, when he moved up to the Phillips house; then I was relieved and ordered into camp.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Acting Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 22. Report of Captain William H. Hill, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of services rendered by me as acting signal officer during eight days' active military

