
operations in the Army of the Potomac, from April 29 to May 6, inclusive:

On the 29th April, I remained in company with Lieutenant Brooks, from which point the following messages were transmitted.*

At 3 p. m., by order of Captain Cushing, the Seddon house station was broken up, and I was ordered to report to Captain Babcock, at Tyler's Hill. I remained with that officer, assisting at his station, till May 2, 9 p. m., when, in company with Lieutenant Brooks, I was ordered to cross to the south side of the Rappahannock River and report to General Brooks, who, it was thought, would engage the enemy early the following morning. At midnight, however, General Sedgwick with his whole corps crossed, when we were ordered to report to Captain Pierce, and accompany that officer with the Sixth Corps.

May 3, at 2 a. m., we moved with the corps to Fredericksburg, and at 10 a. m. established a station in the church tower in the town, from which point the following messages were received and transmitted.*

At 12 m., in company with Lieutenant Brooks, I was ordered farther to the front, leaving Captain Pierce and Lieutenant Clarke in the tower. Ascending the heights, we took our position on the crest of the second ridge, and opened communication with headquarters station, and then reported to General Neill, commanding forces in our front. From this station the following messages were transmitted.*

At 5 p. m. the troops in our front took the Bowling road and moved off to the right, leaving our station exposed, without leaving even a picket guard in front of it. Reporting the fact to Captain Cushing, we received orders to abandon the station, and were preparing to leave, when a squad of the enemy, with one gun, advanced to within 300 yards of the station and opened fire upon us, which had no other effect upon us than to somewhat accelerate the movement of our departure. Returning to headquarters, I reported the fact of the enemy's presence on our left, with no troops of ours near to resist their advance.

May 4, at 6 a. m., I recrossed the river to the south side, and took the Plank road to rejoin General Sedgwick. Upon reaching the first range of hills beyond the town, I came in contact with the enemy's skirmishers, who were without any opposition repossessing [themselves] of the heights and fortifications; I retired to the town, and, with Lieutenant Marston, who had also been driven back, assisted in allaying the excitement and confusion prevailing among the teamsters and soldiers. We collected together a large number of stragglers that were in the town, and disposed of them to the best advantage, so as to check the enemy should he advance on the town, and prevent crowding and over-haste at the bridges. We remained in the town until all the trains and ambulances had gotten safely across, when I reported to Captain Cushing, at Captain Hall's station, and received orders to remain and assist that officer until I received further instructions. At this station received and sent the following messages.*

At 2 p. m. I was ordered to report, with Lieutenant Marston, to General Gibbon, at the Lacy house. We remained with the general until May 5, 6 a. m., when he withdrew his troops from the town and took up the bridge. General Gibbon having no further use for us, I was ordered to report to Captain Babcock, and accompanied that officer to Banks' Ford. Here, as with General Gibbon, there occurred no opportunity of performing signal duty.

May 6, at 11 a. m., the whole army having recrossed to the north side

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

