
from Port Royal, compelled them to make a wide detour and pass round by the hill roads.

For an account of the further operations of the batteries at the crossings, I respectfully refer you to the reports of Colonels Wainwright and Tompkins, chiefs of artillery of the First and Sixth Corps.

On the 30th, I received orders to accompany you to Chancellorsville, which place we reached that night. The troops having crossed at United States Ford, the artillery was withdrawn from Banks', and ordered to join their proper commands, with the exception of Brooker's 4 1/2-inch battery, which crossed at the United States Ford.

May 1. - Soon after General Sykes became engaged, he sent to me for two batteries, one of rifles and one of 12-pounders. Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of artillery Second Corps, kindly furnished m e with a battery of rifles (Arnold's, A, First Rhode Island, six 3-inch guns), and I also ordered Crosby's (F, Fourth United States, six 12-pounders), which I found near the Chancellor house, placing both under command of Major Alexander Doull, inspector of artillery, to report to General Sykes. Crosby's battery was soon after recalled, and sent to report to its own corps commander, General Slocum, who needed it. I could find no other to replace it.

At 1.30 p. m. I received verbal instructions from you to return to headquarters camp, near Falmouth, collect the disposable artillery, move it to Banks' Ford, and to prevent any attempt of the enemy to cross at that point. In obedience to these instructions, I directed Captain Brooker to recross the river with his siege guns (B, First Connecticut, four 4 1/2-inch guns) and resume his position at Banks' [Ford]. From the telegraph station at the United States Ford I sent a message to Major-General Butterfield, chief of staff, requesting him to send to Banks' Ford the disposable batteries near headquarters camp, and proceeded myself to reconnoiter the ford and select positions for them. In conformity with my request for infantry, the remainder of General Owen's brigade, a portion of which was on duty at the ford, under the orders of General Benham, reported to me that night.

At 7.30 p. m. the batteries which had reported (Pennington's, M, Second United States, ten 3-inch guns, and two attached sections, and Graham's, K, First United States, six 3-inch guns) were placed in position, sixteen guns, and these arriving during the night (Meinell's, C, Third United States, six 3-inch guns; Hart's, Fifteenth New York, six 3-inch guns; Kinzie's, K, Fifth United States, four 12-pounders, and Brooker's, B, First Connecticut, four 4 1/2-inch guns) went into part, with the exception of Brooker's, which was placed in position commanding the enemy's work on the hill. No demonstrations were made by the enemy.

On the afternoon of the 3rd, he abandoned his rifle-pits opposite us. Major-General Sedgwick having carried the heights above Fredericksburg, and being then on the advance along the Chancellorsville road, I sent Major Doull across (swimming his horse) to communicate with General Sedgwick and report his progress. In the meantime General Benham laid the bridges, and I crossed to inspect the different works of the enemy. The firing between General Sedgwick and the enemy growing into the sounds of a battle, I immediately returned to the north side of the river, in order to send support to Sedgwick. On reaching the bridge, I found Brigadier-General Owen crossing, and directed him to connect with Sedgwick's right, so as to keep up communication with the bridges. I also sent word to General Sedgwick that two horse batteries were at his disposal and more artillery if the required it.

