
Toward the close of this affair, Lieutenant F. B. Crosby, commanding Battery F, Fourth [U. S.] Artillery, a young officer of high character and great promise, was killed by a musket ball.

In the meantime Sedgwick had crossed the river with his corps; occupied Fredericksburg on the 3rd, and assaulted and carried the enemy's works above the town; captured a number of guns, and advanced on the Chancellorsville road to the vicinity of Salem Heights, where the enemy were found in strong force. Here a furious struggle took place, in which the artillery played a conspicuous and important part. On this day and the succeeding one the batteries of the corps were engaged in the desperate struggle maintained by Sedgwick against a largely superior force. Colonel Tompkins, commanding the artillery of the corps, makes special mention of the services of each, and to his report for more extended information, and to that of General Sedgwick for his estimate of the value of the service rendered by the artillery on that occasion, I would respectfully refer you. In the meantime it is but just that the names of the batteries and their commanders be presented: Harn's, Third New York, six 10-pounders; McCartney's, A, First Massachusetts, six 12-pounders; Butler's, G, Second United States, six 12-pounders; Martin's, F, Fifth United States, six 10-pounders; Cowan's First New York, six 3-inch guns; McCarthy's, C and D, First Pennsylvania, six 3-inch guns; Williston's, D, Second United States, six 12-pounders; Rigby's, A, First Maryland, six 3-inch guns, and Parsons', A, First New Jersey, six 10-pounders.

At Banks' Ford. General Tyler, upon taking command, communicated with General Sedgwick, and placed such of his batteries of the Reserve Artillery as might be needed at General Sedgwick's disposal. The batteries, placed in position to command the crossing places and cover the bridges, engaged with such of those of the enemy as came within their range. In this service 1 man was wounded and a few horses killed, and Sedgwick's corps now crossed, under protection of their fire.

On my arrival at general headquarters, at 10 p. m. of May 3, I was directed by you to take charge of all the artillery, relieving Colonel Wainwright, who had been placed in command of it the day before. Colonel Wainwright informed me that he had made the best practicable arrangement for the lines of defense, but that in the general confusion, from the want of a commander of the artillery, the batteries of the corps had become scattered and mixed with each other.

On examination, I found the line commencing on our left, which rested on the Rappahannock and extended to Hunting Creek, had three large batteries, viz: One of thirty guns, twenty rifles and ten light 12-pounders (Waterman's, C, First Rhode Island, two sections, four 3-inch guns; Barnes', C, First New York, four 3-inch guns; Phillips', E, First Massachusetts, six 3-inch guns; Hazlett's, D, Fifth Artillery, six 10-pounders; Randol's, E, First United States, four 12-pounders, and Martin's, C, First Massachusetts, six 12-pounders), under command of Captain Randol, First Artillery, on the left of the line; one of forty-eight guns, twenty-four light 12-pounders and twenty-four 3-inch guns (Kirby's, I, First [U. S.] Artillery, six 12-pounders; Ames', G, First New York, six 12-pounders; Gibbs', L, First Ohio, six 12-pounders; Bruen's Tenth New York, six 12-pounders; Fitzhugh's, K, First New York, four 3-inch guns; Ricketts', F, First Pennsylvania, four 3-inch guns; Martin's, F, Fifth United States, four 3-inch guns; Waterman's, C, First Rhode Island, one section, two 3-inch guns; Edgell's, A, First New Hampshire, six 3-inch guns, and Amsden's, G, First Pennsylvania, four 3-inch guns), under command of Captain Weed, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding the artillery of

