
commanded them, that they did so well. Fourteen guns were lost, but the most of these losses (eight) occurred in the rout of the Eleventh Corps, and all of them before Colonel Wainwright or myself was placed in command of the whole artillery.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 24. Report of Major General John F. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, with Itinerary of the Corps, April 19-May 26.
HDQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Pollock's Mill, Va., May --, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Corps from the 28th ultimo to the 7th instant:

The troops left their camp about noon on April 28, and were assembled by nightfall in the position designated for them, in rear of the point of crossing, the mouth of Pollock's Mill Creek.

At 10 o'clock the details called for to assist the engineer officer, Colonel Petters, in carrying the boats by hand to the river, were furnished, viz, 75 men to each of the forty-four boats, and a brigade of 3,000 men were in readiness to be thrown across in whem when they reached the river, to cover the construction of the bridges. These details were under the direction of General Wadsworth, from whose division they were made.

Owing to the distance which the boats had to be carried, and the condition of the road, they did not all reach the river until daylight of the 29th, twenty boats only being in the water when the enemy's pickets, in their rifle-pits, opened with musketry and drove the working parties away. Our sharpshooters, disposed under cover along the bank of the river, were insufficient to dislodge the enemy, who were soon re-enforced in their pits by another regiment. As soon as the fog cleared, and the force of the enemy could be discerned to be only that occupying the pits, General Wadsworth was directed to get the boats below them, and throw over two regiments, so as to flank the pits and clear them. The Twenty-fourth Michigan and Sixth Wisconsin Regiments (Colonels Morrow and Bragg), selected for this purpose, moved down to the river bank at double-quick, were rapidly thrown across in the boats, ascended the bank, and drove off the enemy, capturing some 90 men of the Sixth Louisiana and Twenty third Georgia, including several officers. General Wadsworth crossed with the regiments and directed their movements in person. The remaining regiments of this brigade were then crossed in the boats, after which the bridges were constructed, under the direction of General Benham, who arrived from the upper crossing shortly after daylight.

By 10.30 o'clock the bridges were reported completed, and the other brigades of General Wadsworth's division were crossed and put in position to cover the bridge head. It was necessary, in order to do this completely, to extend the left well toward the mouth of the Massaponax, to occupy the high bluff on the right bank of the river. Our

