
loss reported in this operation was about 60 in killed and wounded. The other two divisions of the corps were then brought down to the vicinity of the crossing and sheltered in the ravines of the creek. The enemy commenced moving into position in great strength from below about the time the bridges were completed, occupying the Bowling Green road with his skirmishers, and in the railroad cut and rifle pits just behind the crest (which was our line of battle on that part of the field December 13, 1862) he was apparently formed in two lines, with reserves in the woods.

The One hundred and thirty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was detailed in the morning to support the batteries (Taft's) on the extreme left, near Mrs. Gray's, where it remained until the corps recrossed the river on the 2nd instant, when it rejoined its brigade.

On April 30, the troops remained in position, the division across the river throwing up some light defenses, rifle-pits, &amp;c., and during the day two batteries (Ransom's and Stewart's) were crossed, and placed so as to cover the bridges.

About 5 p. m. the enemy opened fire from their battery on the hill, near Captain Hamilton's, on our working parties and the bridges, which was replied to by our batteries on the north side of the river. The fire was kept up until nearly dark, during which time it became necessary to move the Second Division (massed in the ravines, where it sustained some loss) to the shelter of the river road. One boat of the bridge was struck and disabled. It was, however, promptly replaced. The engineers received orders to take up one of the bridges at dark and move it to Banks' Ford. The One hundred and thirty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was placed at the disposal of the engineer officer for this purpose, and accompanied the train to the ford, returning about noon the next day. At dark, Ransom's battery was replaced by Reynolds', of rifled guns.

May 1 was passed with the troops occupying the same position. The enemy's force opposite us was very much diminished, though still strong on their extreme right, where their battery was posted. Their pickets along the Bowling Green road showed the same. The order for the demonstration at 1 o'clock did not reach me until 6 p. m. The troops were at once put under arms, and a division of the Sixth Corps moved down in the direction of the lower bridge, the skirmishers on the left being advanced to the Massaponax, in which position they remained until dark.

At 7 a. m. on May 2, I received orders to withdraw the forces from the right bank of the river, take up the bridge, and proceed, with my command, to report to the commanding general, near Chancellorsville. The divisions of Doubleday and Robinson were at once put in motion up the river, while General Wadsworth was ordered to withdraw his to the left bank and follow the route of the other divisions. During the withdrawal of this division, the enemy opened fire from the battery on the right of this line, again striking and disabling a boat of the bridge while the troops were passing, which made it necessary to suspend the crossing for a short time to replace the boat. This was speedily effected, and the passage of the troops continued. Our batteries replied from both sides of the river, Captain Reynolds' battery doing effective service on the south side. The enemy soon ceased firing. I left General Wadsworth at this juncture and proceeded to the head of the column, by way of Banks' Ford, on intimation that probably I might find that the shortest line by which to communicate with the commanding general. On arriving at the ford, and finding there was no bridge thrown across,

