
the vicinity of the ford about daylight, when, finding the bridges occupied by the troops of other corps in their passage, I drew up such portions of my corps as had not crossed-the entire First Division, the pickets, which had been withdrawn, under the direction of a staff officer from each division, and two batteries of artillery, Ransom's and Stewart's, detained when the bridges were reported as interrupted the night previous, and remained with them until all the troops had crossed, save the Fifth Corps, under Major-General Meade, to whom had been assigned the duty of covering the passage of the army. As soon as the bridges were clear, the passage of the troops continued.

The divisions of Generals Doubleday and Robinson were ordered to encamp for the night near the Wallace house, on the Falmouth and Belle Plain road, the division of General Wadsworth at Hamet's, on the Warrenton road.

The next day the corps was assembled in rear of the place where we had thrown our bridge, near Pollock's Mill.*

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Report of killed, wounded, and missing during the operations of the First Corps, from April 29 to May 5, inclusive.

Killed Wounded

Command	Officers	Men 	Officers	Men

First

Division	 2	 19	 9	 114

Second

Division	 3	 9	 4	 53

Third

Division		 1	 2	 22

Total	 5	 29	 15 	 189

Missing Total

Command	Officers	Men	Officers	Men	Aggre-gate

First

Division	 1	 9	 12	 142	 154

Second

Division		 6	 7	 68	 75

Third

Division	 1	 37	 3	 60	 63

Total	 2	 52	 22	 270	 292

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Itinerary of the First Army Corps, April 19-May 26, 1863.+

On April 19, the Third Division, General Doubleday, marched to Port Royal, returning the p. m. of the 22nd.

On the 22nd, the Twenty-fourth Michigan and Fourteenth New York State Militia Regiments left camp, near Belle Plain, at 2 p. m., under command of Colonel Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, and marched to Port Royal, on the Rappahannock River.

At daybreak on the 23rd, crossed the river, and entered Port Conway, capturing and destroying rebel property and mail. Recrossed river and marched back to camp same day.

---------------

*The foregoing is the only report of the operations of the First Corps on file in the War Department, and although there is no signature attached, there can be no doubt of the fact that it is the original unfinished report of Major General John F. Reynolds, commanding the corps.

---------------

+From returns for April and May.

