
April 28, broke camp and moved to mouth of White Oak Creek, near Pollock's Mill, where bridges were thrown across the Rappahannock River during the night.

On morning of the 29th, First Division crossed bridge, Second and Third Divisions remaining in position on north side of river.

April 30, position the same.

May 1, the First Division remained on the south side of the Rappahannock River, below Fredericksburg. The Second and Third Divisions lay on the road, on north side of the river, near the lower pontoon bridges, at Pollock's Mill Crossing.

May 2, First Division recrossed and marched to United States Ford, a distance of 26 miles, leaving about 9 a. m., the enemy shelling as it was leaving. Crossed the river at that point on the pontoons, and about 11 p. m. the remaining divisions (Second and Third) reached the scene of action.

May 3, about 1 a. m., took position in line of battle on the extreme right of the army and on road leading to Ely's Ford. The First Division, having come up at daylight, during the day constructed breastworks.

May 4 and 5, remained in same position. A part of the Third Division made a reconnaissance.

May 6, marched back to United States Ford, and recrossed the river at same place; thence to near Berea Church, and bivouacked for the night.

May 7, marched to the present camp.

May 21, at daylight, the Second and Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, Nineteenth Indiana, and Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers marched down the Northern Neck as a support to the Eighth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, then scouting in the lower part of that section of the country. Bivouacked for the night at Millville.

May 22, marched to Mattox Creek and rebuilt the bridge over that stream; thence to Leesville, and bivouacked for the night.

May 23, marched back to Oak Grove and in the direction of Westmoreland Court-House.

May 24, marched to Westmoreland Court-House, where the command joined the Eighth Illinois Cavalry on their return.

May 25 and 26, marched back to camp, arriving there at 12 m. of the latter day.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA.,

May 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries of the First Corps in the late operations around Fredericksburg:

In accordance with orders, the corps broke camp about noon on the 28th ultimo, and proceeded down the White Oak Church road, where the batteries were parked together, about half-way to the river road, for the night.

By daylight on the 29th, the following batteries were posted on the heights above and below Pollock's Mill by Lieutenant-Colonel Warner

17 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

