
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIVISION, 1ST ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 40. May 9, 1863.

The general commanding, availing himself of the temporary repose now enjoyed by his command to review the operations of the past few days, deems it proper to express his thanks to Colonel Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, and the gallant men under their command, for the heroic manner in which they crossed the Rappahannock and seized the heights on the opposite shore on the 29th of April; and likewise to Brigadier-General Meredith and the whole of the Fourth Brigade for the promptness with which they followed in this daring enterprise. The skill and courage with which Captain Reynold' Battery L, First New York Artillery, returned the enemy's fire, the boldness exhibited by the Fourteenth New York State Militia as skirmishers, and the steadiness of the whole command during the advance and retreat, have afforded the general commanding the highest gratification and inspired him with entire confidence in the troops of this division.

By command of Brigadier-General Wadsworth:

JOHN A. KRESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Walter Phelps, jr., Twenty-second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

NEAR FITZHUGH'S HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade during the late operation of the division in the passage of the Rappahannock at the Fitzhugh Crossing, Wednesday, April 29, and its subsequent crossing at the United States Ford Saturday, May 2, and its operations on the right:

Tuesday, April 28, the command left Belle Plain, having the advance of the column, and bivouacked at 5.30 p. m. of that day about a mile from the Rappahannock, near the Fitzhugh Crossing. At 10.30 p. m. I received orders to move my brigade to the river, accompanying the pontoon train, which was then in motion. Three eighths of a mile from the river the pontoon train halted, and the boats having been unloaded, by order of General Wadsworth, commanding the division, I detailed the Twenty-second, Twenty-fourth, and Thirtieth Regiments New York Volunteers to carry them by hand to the crossing. The Fourteenth New York State Militia was detached temporarily to act as skirmishers. Several of the boats were transported to the river by the men. It was found impracticable to transport all in this manner, however, and the Thirtieth was relieved from this duty, the Fourteenth New York State Militia and the Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth New York Volunteers being detailed on the duty specified. The Thirtieth Regiment was unemployed during the morning, remaining in position about a quarter of a mile from the river bank. The Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth Regiments assisted in unloading the boats that reached the river between 3 and 4 a. m. of the 29th, and in launching them. While employed on this duty they were subjected to the continuous fire of the enemy, posted in rifle-pits on the opposite side of the river. At this

