
FEBRUARY 25-26, 1863.-Skirmishes near Winchester, Strasburg, and Woodstock, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding division Eighth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Major Alonzo W. Adams, First New York Cavalry, of skirmish near Strasburg.

Numbers 3.-Colonel James A. Galligher, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of skirmishes near Strasburg.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General W. E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District.

Numbers 5.-Colonel R. H. Dulany, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, of skirmishes near Strasburg and Middletown.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel O. R. Funsten, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, of skirmishes near Woodstock and Strasburg.

Numbers 7.-Major R. Brown Battalion Maryland Cavalry, of skirmishes near Winchester and Strasburg.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Robert H milroy, U. S. Army, commanding division Eighth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS MILROY'S DIVISION

Winchester, Va., February 26, 1863.

GENERAL: At 4 o'clock this morning a small body of rebel cavalry, variously estimated from 40 to 150, approached by way of, and attacked my infantry picket on, the Cedar Creek road. This picket received and repulsed the enemy, capturing 1 and wounding 2 others. The rebel cavalry then passed out on the Valley pike, and captured 6 of my cavalry picket on that road, who were posted near Kernstown.

I received the intelligence of this cavalry dash about 4.30 this a. m., and immediately sent orders for the whole of the Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry and one company of the First New York Volunteer Cavalry to pursue the enemy with all possible speed, but it was 6 a. m. before were fairly on the move. My cavalry force was in command of Major Byrne, of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, assisted by Major Kerwin, of the same regiment. They pursued the enemy with energy, in pursuance of my orders, which were to go as far as the cavalry camp on Strawberry Hill, 2 1\2 miles beyond Strasburg and then to return, after learning as fully as possible the position and strength of the enemy.

At Strawberry Hill they found the enemy, attacked and drove them, recoining my captured men and taking 11 prisoners from the enemy. With this the officer in command of my cavalry was not content, but imprudently, and in violation of orders, continued the pursuit of the fugitives to within 2 miles of Woodstock. At a distance of 2 miles beyond Strasburg, the New York company and of the Pennsylvania companies took the road leading to the right, routed a small body of the enemy's cavalry, and returned to camp without any loss except 1 or 2 scouts. Whether these were captured or not yet known. The other portion of the force composing the expedition was suddenly attacked by re-enforcements from the enemy's cavalry, stationed near Woodstock. my force immediately began a hasty and confused retreat, which only became the more confounded the longer it was con-

