
men kept closed up on the march, and the assistance rendered me by my officers, was all a commander could ask.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. WILLIAMS,

Colonel Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain J. D. WOOD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Lucius Fairchild, Second Wisconsin Infantry.

NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the movements of this regiment, under my command, during the late engagements:

I marched from the winter camp, near Belle Plain, at 12 m., April 28; bivouacked between White Oak Church and the Rappahannock River; turned out at 11.30 o'clock the same night and moved to the river, where we arrived at daylight. The engineers, in their attempt to lay the pontoon bridge, having been driven away, I was ordered to man the pontoon wagons and run them to the river, for which purpose I detailed Companies B, E, and D, which gallantly rushed the boats to the river bank, under a sharp fire from the enemy, posted in rifle-pits on the other side. At the same time, by order, the balance of the regiment moved at double-quick to the bank of the river, to assist in covering the crossing of the Sixth Wisconsin and Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, who were embarking in pontoon boats. At the bank a brisk fire was opened on the enemy, who were pouring a sharp fire from the pits on those attempting to cross. As soon as the leading regiments were well embarked, I ordered my men into boats, and crossed as quickly as possible; formed a line on the crest of the bank, and threw out one company as skirmishers in line with orders of the brigade. In this position the regiment remained until the pontoon bridges were put down, when the whole division crossed. The regiment was then posted on the left of the bridge with the brigade, and proceeded to intrench the position.

During April 29 and 30 and May 1, we lay in the entrenchments, under the occasional fire of the enemy.

On the morning of the 2nd, we recrossed the river, and with the brigade marched toward the United States Ford, near which we bivouacked until 2 o'clock the following morning, when we resumed the march; crossed the river on the pontoon bridge at the United States Ford, and moved toward the battle-field at Chancellorsville. Soon after crossing the river, I was ordered on duty on the staff of Brigadier-General Wadsworth, commanding the division, leaving the regiment under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, to whose report I refer for the movements of the regiment since that time.

During all these movements the officers and men of my regiment behaved in their usual soldierly manner, obeying promptly all orders, and ready at all times to meet the enemy in a proper manner. The casualties have been heretofore reported.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS FAIRCHILD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. D. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

