
Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George H. Stevens, Second Wisconsin Infantry.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of this regiments while under my command:

On the morning of the 3rd instant, Colonel Fairchild being assigned to duty on General Wadsworth's staff, I assumed command of the regiment while on the march toward the battle-field near Chancellorsville, where we arrived at 6 a. m., forming line of battle on the Ely's Ford road and on the right of the Seventh Wisconsin. At 7 a. m. the brigade was massed in the woods on the left of our previous position, my regiment forming the rear line of the column. At 9 a. m. we again occupied the position first taken, which we strengthened by throwing up breastworks covering my entire front. This was continued along the left.

We remained in this position until 3 a. m. of the 6th instant. At that hour I received orders to march, and, taking the position assigned to me as rear guard, moved forward in that order. We reached the vicinity of the United States Ford about daylight, where we formed line of battle, to secure the passage over the river of the troops in our advance. About 8 a. m., the bridges being clear, we again formed column, and crossed to this side of the river, encamping the same night on the Falmouth road, near Hartwood Church.

At 8.30 a. m. next day we resumed our march toward our present camp. Colonel Fairchild resumed command same day. The regiment not being engaged with the enemy, met with no loss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STEVENS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. D. WOOD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Brigadier, First Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 34. Report of Colonel Edward S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry.

IN THE FIELD,

May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the part taken by my command in the recent engagements along the line of the Rappahannock.

On the night of April 28 (ultimo), I received orders to move my command from its encampment near the Fitzhugh house to the crossing of the Rappahannock in front of the house and between Deep Run and the Massaponax, and, in conjunction with the Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, supported by the Second and Seventh Wisconsin and Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers, force a passage of the river at that point, seize the enemy's rifle-pits on the opposite bank of the river, and hold the brick house on the right, to cover the construction of a bridge and the passage of the troops.

The command was in motion about 11 p. m., and advanced under the cover of the night near to the bank of the river, but was delayed by the tardiness of the pontoon train until daylight, when the enemy discovered our position, and opened a sharp fire of musketry upon the

