
thereby rendering him unable for duty, he persisted in remaining at his piece, and when by me ordered to go to the rear went to the bank, and in about a quarter of an hour I again found him at his post. This time I positively ordered him to the rear and to remain there. Sergt. William Henry Shelton is also deserving of special mention. He was as cool as on ordinary drill, and by his example inspired his detachment with courage and coolness. The earthworks thrown up in front of the pieces afforded great protection to the men, who would undoubtedly have suffered much more had they been entirely exposed, as several shots struck directly in front of the works and many pieces lodges in them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Captain Battery L, First New York [Artillery].

Captain T. E. ELLSWORTH,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: This division left its encampment near Fletcher Chapel about 1 p. m. on the 28th ultimo, and bivouacked that night at the edge of the woods in rear of the Fitzhugh mansion.

The next morning it marched to the bridges which were laid at the mouth of Pollock's Mill Creek. During the afternoon the enemy shelled this position, killing and wounding several officers and enlisted men, when I moved the division back to the cover of the River road, where it rested in safety.

On Saturday morning, I received orders to march to the United States Ford, which I crossed about sunset, and proceeded in the direction of Chancellorsville, driving back hundreds of the fugitives of the Eleventh Corps. I was then directed to take up a position on and covering the Hunting Creek road. Arriving at that point at 1 o'clock on Sunday morning, I immediately deployed one regiment of each brigade, and pushed them forward (two in front and one on the right) to feel the enemy and establish them as pickets. The Second Brigade (Baxter's) and the Third Brigade (Leonard's) were then established in line of battle to the left of the road. The First Brigade (Root's) was formed with its left on the road and extending its right down the creek. I then directed breastworks to be built, and, although the men were greatly fatigued, they went cheerfully to work, and in the course of the day completed a formidable line of rifle-pits.

At an early hour on Sunday morning, a German battery, of light 12-pounder guns, was sent to me and placed in position, with orders to hold it at all hazards.

When the heavy firing commenced on my left, and while I was for a few moments absent from the right, this battery was withdrawn from its position, and in the most cowardly manner fled, with the horses upon a run, in the direction of our bridges at the United States Ford. I regret I do not know the commander's name, that he might meet the

