
reward which his dastardly and treacherous conduct deserves. Fortunately our own batteries arrived soon after. Ransom's (Company C, Fifth U. S. Artillery) light 12-pounders were put in position on the right to sweep the sloping ground, and Hall's (Second Maine Battery) 3-inch rifled guns to reach the heights beyond. Stewart, with his battery (B, Fourth U. S. Artillery) of light 12-pounders, was placed in position toward the left of my line.

My command now felt perfectly secure in its position, and awaited the arrival of the enemy with impatience. Leppien's (Fifth Maine Battery), attached to this division, was engaged in another part of the field, and suffered very severely. Thompon's (Independent Pennsylvania) was also detached. About 100 prisoners were taken and sent in by my pickets.

On Monday, I was directed to make a reconnaissance on the road leading to Ely's Ford. For this I selected the Twelfth and Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers and a section of Hall's battery. After proceeding about 3 miles, I received the fire of the enemy's skirmishers to the left of the road, and had some of my skirmishers wounded. I proceeded cautiously to the forks of the road, when, becoming satisfied the enemy was in force on the left, I directed the command to return to camp.

During the night of the 5th instant the division was withdrawn from its position and recrossed the river in good order, arriving at its present camp yesterday.

The following is a list of casualties:

Killed Wounded

Command	Officers	Men	Officers	Men

First Brigade	.....	.....	 1	 4

Second Brigade	 1 	 2	.....	 14

Third Brigade	 2	.....	.....	 13

5th Maine

Battery	.....	 6	 3	 19

Thompson's

battery	.....	 1	.....	 3

Total	 3	 9	 4	 53

Missing

Command	Officers	Men	Aggregate

First Brigade	.....	.....	 5

Second Brigade	.....	 5	 22

Third Brigade	.....	 1	 16

5th Maine Battery	.....	.....	 28

Thompson's battery	.....	.....	 4

Total	.....	 6 	 75

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

Numbers 38. Report of Captain Charles H. Hovey, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

ON HAY'S FARM, VA.,

May 10, 1863.

The division broke camp near Fletcher Chapel, Va., Tuesday, April 28, and marched at noon toward the Rappahannock, near Pollock's Mill Creek; 6 miles.

