
April 29.-Marched to the river, where the First Division crossed. The Second Division bivouacked on the north bank of the river.

On the next day (April 30), the enemy's batteries opened upon the division, causing the loss as stated in the report as of this date, and obliging the division to retire to a safer position.

May 1.-Lay still all day.

May 2.-Marched to the United States Ford and crossed the Rappahannock to Chancellorsville; 22 miles.

May 3, 4, and 5.-Lay under arms within the earthworks with the exception of a few companies, which were sent upon a reconnaissance, causing the losses of these dates.

May 6.- Marched at 3 a. m. to the river, crossed at the United States Ford, and marched to camp near Falmouth; 17 miles.

May 7.-Marched at noon to the present camp; 5 miles.

It rained six of the ten days mentioned above, but the men have not suffered much from exposure, the health of the division being generally good.

CHAS. H. HOVEY,

Captain and Act. Asst. Insp. General, Second Div., First Corps.

Numbers 39. Report of Colonel Adrian R. Root, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry commanding First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA.,

Monday, May 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command (First Brigade, Second Division, First Army Corps) during the recent operations of the Army of the Potomac:

Pursuant to orders from division headquarters, the First Brigade, consisting of Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, and the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers (consolidated with the One hundred and fifth New York Volunteers, March 20, 1863), broke camp near Fletcher Chapel at 12 m. on Tuesday, April 28, 1863. The men were supplied with eight days' rations and 60 rounds of cartridges upon their persons. Marched via the White Oak Church road, about 8 miles in a rain-storm, and bivouacked for the night in a wood about 3 miles below the city of Fredericksburg. At daylight the following morning (Wednesday, April 20), marched to the Rappahannock River in support of Wadsworth's (First) division, which crossed the river on pontoons, took the enemy's rifle-pits and a number of prisoners. I massed the brigade by battalions in line, in readiness for crossing.

Remained in this position "en bivouac" during the remainder of the day and the following night. On Thursday, April 30, it being the "National Fast Day" as proclaimed by President Lincoln, I formed the brigade in a hollow square, and observed the occasion with suitable services, conducted by the regimental chaplains. At about 4 p. m. the enemy, having obtained an accurate range of our position, threw several shells into the division, killing and wounding a number of officers and men, the First Brigade escaping with but trifling loss of wounded. The fire from the enemy's batteries increasing in amount and accuracy, the

