
brigade was withdrawn (by order of the division commander, General John. C. Robinson) about 400 yards, to the protection of the ditches and hedges bordering the River road, where it remained under fire during the night.

Friday, May 1.-The brigade remained in the same position, under an artillery fire. In the afternoon, the men were supplied with a ration of spirits, by order of the division commander.

Saturday, May 2.-At 9 a. m. the brigade was relieved by a portion of the Sixth Corps, and, under the fire of the enemy's batteries, marched up the River road. Arrived at the United States Ford, a distance of about 20 miles, at 5.30 p. m., and crossed the Rappahannock River upon a pontoon bridge. Halted, stacked arms, and the men, wearied with their march, partook of needed refreshments.

At about 7 p. m. I was ordered to move rapidly to the front, to occupy the position vacated by a portion of the Eleventh Corps, which had been defeated and driven in fragments to the rear.

The movement to the front in the darkness through a heavy forest was quite difficult, the woods having been set on fire by the enemy's shells, and being thronged with fugitives from the disorganized Eleventh Corps. I deployed the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, and drove several thousand of these fugitives to the front. The heavy firing had ceased on our arrival in position, and shortly afterward the brigade was ordered to move to the right, on the Ely's Ford road, and finally took position on the right of the army at about midnight, turning an angle to the right and rear.

While taking our position, a severe action prevailed upon our left. I threw out a line of pickets and an advanced guard, the One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers being detailed for the purpose.

The pickets became engaged in a noisy skirmish with the enemy, and sent in several prisoners, who stated that our right would be attacked in the morning. The entire brigade passed the night in throwing up breastworks, which by daylight acquired considerable strength, and justified my belief in a successful defense against the expected assault.

Sunday, May 3.-At daylight the battle opened on our left, and continued furiously until about noon, with desultory firing of musketry and artillery during the day. Continued to strengthen our works by details, the balance of the brigade being under arms. The pickets sent in several prisoners. During a picket skirmish a German battery stationed near my lines became panic-stricken, limbered up, and disappeared to the rear. Prisoners reported the death of General Jackson.

Monday, May 4.-Under arms all day, and strengthened our works. Relieved the One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers (on picket duty) with the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. By invitation of the corps commander (General Reynolds), I accompanied him upon a reconnaissance to the right and front of our position, developing the enemy's pickets in close proximity to our own.

Tuesday, May 5.-Under arms, in momentary expectation of an assault. A heavy rain fell, flooding the entrenchments, drenching the men, and seriously incommoding the command. Picket firing continued.

At midnight I received orders to evacuate our position, leaving the picket line on duty, and march to the United States Ford of the Rappahannock River. After proceeding to the rear about 1 mile, I received orders to retrace our march and hasten back to our former position, the pontoon bridge having been carried away by the flood. The brigade reoccupied its position at the front.

Wednesday, May 6.-At 4 a. m., by orders from the division com-

