
mander, called in the pickets (One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) and deployed them to the right and left as a rear guard. Evacuated the works; marched to the United States Ford; crossed a pontoon bridge, and continued the march about 20 miles to the neighborhood of Falmouth, Va., where I halted the brigade, in a heavy rain, and bivouacked for the night.

Thursday, May 7.-Marched at noon in the direction of White Oak Church. Bivouacked for the night in a wood near the Fitzhugh house, and, by order of the division commander, remained until Sunday, May 10, when the brigade [moved] about half a mile to its present location.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the cheerfulness and alacrity with which the officers and men of my command, without exception, executed every order, and endured the extreme discomforts incident to the recent operations.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain W. L. KIDDER,

A. A. G., Second Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 40. Report of Colonel Charles W. Tilden, Sixteenth Maine Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, May 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I herewith respectfully submit to you my report of the part taken by my command in the recent movement near Fredericksburg.

In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, my command broke camp at 12 m. on the 28th ultimo, and marched some 5 miles and encamped near White Oak Church.

On the morning of the 29th ultimo, we formed line of battle some half mile from where we bivouacked the night previous. Took up our line of march in the p. m., and proceeded to the banks of the Rappahannock, about 5 miles below Falmouth, where we remained until Saturday, the 2nd instant.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, I moved with my command, with the balance of the brigade, some 22 miles up the river, crossing the river at United States Ford, and formed the extreme right of the line, in which position we remained until the morning of the 6th instant, and recrossed the river without meeting with any loss.

I remain, very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,CHAS. W. TILDEN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant E. CHARLES PARKER,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 41. Report of Captain Samuel A. Moffett, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLS., May 9, 1863.

SIR: On the 28th day of April, 1863, at 12 m., we struck tents and marched a distance of about 5 miles, when we encamped for the night

