
near the Rappahannock River. At 3 a. m., 29th, my command was called to "attention," and at 5 o'clock we marched from the woods into an open field, where we remained until noon, when we marched to the bank of the Rappahannock River, near the crossing. We remained in this position until 4 p. m. of the 30th, when we were forced to retire a short distance to the rear, in consequence of the enemy having obtained an accurate range in shelling our troops.

We remained here inactive until 7 a. m. of May 2, when we commenced a march, which was continued through the day, crossing the Rappahannock River at United States Ford, and reached our position on the right late in the night.

May 3.-The men were busily employed in throwing up entrenchments. We remained in this position until the 6th. Three companies were sent out as skirmishers, of which one man was wounded. At 3 a. m. on the 6th, we again resumed our march, recrossed the river at about 6 o'clock, and continued our march until arriving opposite Fredericksburg, where we encamped for the night. The next morning we marched to the place in which we are now encamped.

The men and their arms and ammunition are in as good condition as could be expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MOFFETT,

Captain, Commanding Ninety-fourth Regiment N. Y. Vols.

Colonel A. R. ROOT,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 42. Report of Colonel Gilbert G. Prey, One hundred and fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 104TH REGIMENT, NEW YORK VOLS.,May 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that this regiment marched with the First Brigade from its winter camp on the 28th ultimo, and remained with the brigade until after it had reached the extreme right of the army on the night of the 3rd instant. It was then sent forward 1 mile. Skirmishers were deployed in front during the march and vedettes were thrown out as soon as the halt was ordered. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 4th instant, it was recalled to join the brigade. At 2 p. m. on the 5th instant it again took place in front, to relieve the Sixteenth Maine Volunteers. After doing picket duty one day, it was relieved by the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

I have the honor to state that while on picket duty (as per report), Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Tuthill and 2 men were slightly wounded.

On the morning of the 5th instant, this regiment marched with the brigade to the vicinity of Fredericksburg, recrossing the Rappahannock River at United States Ford, and on the 7th instant came to its present camp.

Very respectfully,

GILBERT G. PREY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. CHARLES PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

