
Numbers 43. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 107TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,May 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders just issued from Colonel A. R. Root, commanding First Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, in the late operations of the Army of the Potomac:

At 12 o'clock noon on the 28th day of April, 1863, we broke up our camp near Fletcher Chapel, where we had been in winter quarters since early in January last. The line was soon formed, and our march directed toward General Hooker's headquarters, by way of the White Oak Church. My men started out on this march each provided with eight days' rations and 60 rounds of cartridges, all of which they were required to carry on their person. We encamped this evening, after having marched about 8 miles (greater part of the time in a rain-storm), in a wood near the Rappahannock, some 3 miles below the city of Fredericksburg.

At 2.30 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, we were aroused from our bivouac for the march, but did not move until daylight, and by this time the firing had commenced at the river, and the First Division of the corps was pressing over, and had already taken the rifle-pits of the enemy, with over 100 prisoners. We, with the other division of the corps, marched to support the movement of the First Division, and were massed near the river, in full view of all the operations, ready to cross when it might be necessary. Here we bivouacked for the night.

On the 30th, we remained in the same position, while more or less fighting was going on in our front. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the regiment, with the others composing the brigade, was drawn up in square, in order to have appropriate religious observance of this day, in compliance with the proclamation of the President of the United States. These services were appropriate, interesting, and deeply impressive. About 5 o'clock, the enemy opened his batteries on us, and continued to throw shot and shell at and into our massed troops until after night, during which, for better protection, we were placed along the road, farther in the rear. During this warm artillery fire, quite a number were killed and wounded in other regiments, but I have the pleasure, thanks to a kind Providence, of having it in my power to report no serious casualties, as only 1 soldier was slightly wounded in my regiment.

During May 1, we remained in the same position, being in constant readiness to move at a moment's notice.

On the morning of the 2nd, the enemy again opened his batteries opposite, and about the same time, our division being relieved by part of the Sixth Corps, we took up the line of march toward and beyond Fredericksburg, and continued in this direction until we reached the United States Ford, where the greater part of the army had crossed to attack the enemy on their left flank. Having crossed the river, and in the act of preparing to encamp for the night, it being after dark, and our men excessively wearied, having already marched about 20 miles, we were ordered under arms immediately, to move to the front, to take position occupied by the Eleventh Army Corps, it having been defeated and

