
driven by the enemy. The march was, therefore, continued for 3 or 4 miles to the front of the line, where the battle had then been raging for several days. The First Army Corps, of which we form a part, was placed on the right of the army, and on the road leading from Fredericksburg to Gordonsville. At the time we were taking up our position, a most terrific battle was raging on our immediate left and front, then near 12 o'clock at night, but moonlight. An attack was hourly expected on the position we occupied, and our wearied men at once began to fortify, and continued to labor during the night and the next day.

At the dawn of the 3rd (Sunday), the battle again opened on our left, and raged with terrible fury until nearly noon. Desultory firing was continued during the day and night, we being held ready for the conflict momentarily expected on our part of the line. During this time we continued to strengthen our works, in doing which we were frequently directed personally by Brigadier General J. C. Robinson, commanding the division, and Colonel A. R. Root, commanding the brigade. This day (May 4), at 2 p. m., my regiment was ordered out to the front and left, to relieve the One hundred and fourth Regiment New York Volunteers on the picket line. This was the most dangerous and arduous picket duty that wee had ever been called upon to perform, and it taxed the powers of endurance of officers and men to the utmost degree, and the exigency was such that the regiment was continued on this duty for two nights and the greater part of two days, one half of the sentinels having no relief, and the last night a drenching rain fell, adding to its horrors. We were occasionally fired on by the enemy's pickets and scouts during the second evening and night. The many incidents and movements, and everything of any moment that occurred, were at once reported by telegraph to the general commanding the division, who returned such instructions and advice as were deemed necessary.

At the dawn of day on the morning of the 6th, Major Lee, of the division staff, came out to the lines, and communicated to me the fact that our army had evacuated our works three hours before, and were now recrossing the Rappahannock, and that I was immediately to withdraw the pickets, fall back quietly to the fortifications, and aid in covering the movement by deploying my men to the rear and right flank. I fully realized the danger involved in this movement, and at once proceeded to carry out the instructions received. Arriving at the fortifications, I was joined by Colonel R. Coulter, with his regiment, the Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had been on similar duty, connecting with the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left. We lost no time in moving toward the ford, reached it safely, crossed the river on the upper pontoon bridge, and continued our march toward Falmouth, without finding any part of the division, and until the men becoming much exhausted, we encamped for the night. The men could not have refreshing rest on account of the heavy rains in the night. The next morning we continued the march in direction of General Hooker's headquarters, near where we found the other regiments of the brigade and the division. After a short rest, and during the same afternoon, we marched to and encamped in our present position. I am happy to have it in my power to say that, during these nine days' arduous services, the officers and men of my regiment conducted themselves with their usual zeal and courage. The commanders of the division and the brigade know from personal observation how well and faithfully they served the good cause of our country in this important crisis, and, I feel assured, will do them full justice.

I would embrace the occasion of this report to express my apprecia-

