
tion of the services of Captains Whitman, of Twelfth Massachusetts Volunteers; Parsons and Whiteside, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, and their respective companies, the first two of which performed outpost and vedette duty in front of the center of the picket line on the road, while the latter performed good service on the picket reserve. I would also express my sense of the faithful and efficient services rendered, while on this duty, by Lieutenant James B. Thomas, the acting adjutant of my regiment, to whom I feel much indebted for the prompt assistance he rendered in the varied and responsible duties devolving upon me during the operations of which the foregoing is but a very brief account.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. MCCOY,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant E. CHARLES PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Captain James A. Hall, Second Maine Battery.

WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we marched from our encampment near Fletcher Chapel, Va., by order of General Robinson, at 12, Monday, the 28th of April, and arrived at the bank of the Rappahannock, 3 miles below Fredericksburg, at 2 a. m. on the 29th. We took up our position, covering the bridge, and fired 11 rounds at the enemy's infantry, all of the shots doing well. We remained in this position until May 2, when we moved, at 11.30 a. m., up the river, and crossed it at United States Ford, and bivouacked for the night in the woods, 1 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville, Va. May 3, at 7 a. m., marched to the heights, taking position on the right of the line of battle of the Army of the Potomac.

We occupied this position until the 6th, when we marched, by order of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, to the United States Ford. May 6, crossed the Rappahannock, and went into camp at Berea Church, 5 miles from Falmouth, Va.

May 7, marched from Berea Church, and arrived at White Oak Church at 4 p. m. same date, and went into camp.

JAMES A. HALL,

Captain, Commanding Second Mounted Battery, Maine Volunteers.

Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps.

Numbers 45. Report of Lieutenant Greenleaf T. Stevens, Fifth Maine Battery.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On Sunday, May 3, at 8 o'clock, orders were received from Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery, First Army Corps, to move our battery to the front and report to General Reynolds, commanding First

