
Army Corps. Subsequently, while on our way to the front, orders were received from General Hooker that the batteries in reserves should move along to Chancellorsville, which was near the center of our lines, and report to the chief of artillery there. On arriving and reporting, we were ordered into position on the northerly side of a circular field, some 500 or 600 yards across. The enemy's line of infantry extended across the field and into the woods, at a distance of not more than 450 or 500 yards. As soon as our battery emerged from the woods and made its appearance upon the field, the enemy's line of infantry divided in center, and marched by the right and left flank at a double quick to the woods. This movement disclosed their artillery, which was posted in the rear of their infantry, and partially covered by a slight elevation. Having our exact range, they immediately opened a most galling fire from their artillery, which appeared to consist of two light batteries. Our men and horses began to fall before we got into position. Their artillery was served with great vigor and remarkable precision, opening with canister, spherical case, and shell.

The ground being hard, and affording no cover, their projectiles ricocheted, causing the loss of a large number of horses, and inflicting many severe wounds upon the cannoneers and drivers. Our guns were served deliberately, so that the ammunition in the limber might not become exhausted, and the effect of our fire might be noticed; the right half of the battery engaged the enemy's artillery, the left half holding in check a large body of infantry massing on our left. The ammunition in the limbers of the right section was expended; that in the center section, with the exception of 4 or 5 rounds, which were ignited by an exploding shell and the limber destroyed; that in the left section was expended, and a few rounds served from a caisson near by, when, by the direction of General Hancock, there being but one limber which could be moved, and the remaining cannoneers completely exhausted, the prolongs were attached, and the guns moved by the infantry support to the rear. The caissons were previously moved from the field.

Notwithstanding the disadvantages under which we labored, our men behaved in the most gallant manner, continuing to work their pieces until their ammunition was exhausted and the enemy's skirmishers had approached within the distance of 150 yards.

Our loss in killed and wounded is as follows: Killed, 6; wounded, 22. It is with the deepest regret that I mention the names of Sergt. William F. Locke and Corpl. Benjamin F. Grover among the killed, as they were the best of soldiers, and showed themselves at the battles of Bull Run, Fredericksburg, and Chancellorsville as the bravest of men.

I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

G. T. STEVENS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain D. R. RANSOM,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 46. Report of Captain James Thompson, Battery C, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: At 12 m. on the 28th ultimo, with division, marched from old encampment to the Fitzhugh farm. At 2 a. m. on the 29th, moved

