
forward, and by daylight took a position on second bank from the river Rappahannock, near Purdy's [Pollock's?] dam, for the purpose of protecting our pontoniers and to cover the crossing of our troops. The fog was dense, but at 7 a. m. I fired some 12 rounds at parties of the enemy at a range of from 1,300 to 1,400 yards; we sustained no loss whatever.

The 30th was ushered in with a steady rain, but otherwise perfectly quiet until 5.20 p. m., when we replied to a rebel battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns, which opened on our infantry from the heights on our left front. We were soon subjected to a cross-fire also, but continued firing until dark, with no loss; threw 60 rounds, at a range of about 3,700 yards.

Still in same position on the 1st of May. Fog heavy until 9.25 a. m.; had no firing. The morning of the 2nd opened up clear; engaged with the enemy's batteries from 8 to 9.30 a. m., at a range of 3,700 yards; no loss. At 11 a. m., with division, marched for United States Ford, and arrived at the front at 2 a. m. on the 3rd instant.

Ordered into position on the right with the First Corps at 6 a. m., and was relieved by Captain Stewart's battery of light 12-pounders at 11 a. m., and ordered to join reserve batteries.

Was, on the morning of the 4th instant, ordered to report to General Slocum, commanding Twelfth Corps, at sunrise; when proceeding to the position assigned, was ordered to recross the river and take a position lower dow, so as to prevent the enemy firing upon our bridges.

At daylight, 6th, observed the enemy throwing up earthworks for guns upon the heights opposite to and across the river from us, at a range of from 1,300 to 1,400 yards, when my battery opened on them, so as to prevent their further progress, while I was at the same time hotly engaged with a battery of two 24-pounder howitzers and a 12-pounder on our right and from rifled guns on our front, when, with the assistance of Captain Knap's Pennsylvania Battery, blew up the enemy's caissons, silenced their guns, and obliged them to run for the woods and leave their guns upon the field. Continued to fire occasionally, so as to prevent their occupying the works, until about 3 p. m., at which time the bridges having all been taken up, we were ordered to retire, having sustained the following loss, viz, Private David Chase, killed; Sergt. R. Parcell, wounded in face, slightly; Private Lyman Ellithorp, wounded in legs and groin, dangerously; Private M. Lynch, wounded in arm, slightly; also 3 horses killed.

Very respectfully submitted, captain, by your obedient servant,

JAMES THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding 4th Pa. Batty, 2nd Div., First Army Corps.

Captain D. R. RANSOM,

Commanding Artillery, Second Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 47. Report of Captain Dunbar R. Ransom, Third U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this battery marched from camp near Fletcher Chapel, Va., by order of General Robinson, at 12

