
m. on the 28th day of April, and arrived at the Rappahannock River, 3 miles below Fredericksburg, at daylight on the 29th instant, having 3 horses shot while going into position to cover the crossing; fired three case shots at the enemy's skirmishers. On the 30th instant, by order of General Reynolds, we moved across the river and took a position on the right of Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Stewart, and near the bridge, where we remained until the following day, May 1, a portion of the time under fire; did not reply, as the enemy was out of range of our guns. We were then relieved by Battery L, First New York Artillery, Captain Reynolds, recrossed the river, and parked on the flat in front of the Fitzhugh house. We remained here until the morning of the 2nd, when, by order of General Reynolds, we took a position near the river to cover the recrossing of the troops, where we remained until the bridge was removed. By order of General Reynolds, we marched to United States Ford, and crossed the river at sunset with the division.

On the morning of the 3rd, we marched to the front, and took a position with Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery and Second Maine Volunteers, on the front and right of the Army of the Potomac, and covering a road leading to the Rapidan River, where we remained until the night of the 5th instant, when, by order of General Reynolds, we moved back nearly to the river, when we were halted and ordered to return to our former position by General Hunt, where we remained until 3 a. m. of the 6th instant, when we moved back to the river and took a position to cover the recrossing of the troops; after which we moved to the left bank of the river and took a position by order of General Meade, where we remained until the bridge was removed. Then marched to Berea Church and camped for the night. On the 7th instant, marched to White Oak Church.

D. R. RANSOM,

Captain Third Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps.

Numbers 48. Report of Major General Abner Doubleday, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

CAMP BELOW FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 11, 1863.

LIEUTENANT-COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on April 28 my command left its encampment, in the vicinity of Belle Plain, and marched to within 1 1/2 miles of Pollock's Mill, where we halted for the night.

At this point the One hundred and thirty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Porter, were detached to guard some batteries under Captain Taft, stationed on the bank of the river, at Mrs. Gray's house, called the Traveler's Rest. The One hundred and thirty-fifth remained in position, engaged with the rebel sharpshooters, until we marched to the United States Ford.

About noon on the 29th, this division marched toward the river, and halted in the ravine of Pollock's Mill Creek, in order to be in a posi-

