
tion to support General Wadswoth's division, to which was assigned the duty of placing the pontoon bridges and guarding the bridge-head on the other side. Here my men underwent a severe shelling from the enemy's batteries, but were so skillfully sheltered that no casualties took place.

On the morning of May 2, we took up our line of march for the United States Ford. We reached there about sundown, and immediately on crossing the river I made preparations to go into camp, under the supposition that we were to remain there until the next morning. The Eleventh Corps, however, having given way, and the communications of the army being endangered, we were ordered forward to take position on the right flank. We reached the Ely's Ford road about 2 a. m., and were placed on the right of Sykes' Regulars, General Robinson being on my right and General Wadsworth in a second line in rear. As we approached through the woods, a midnight battle appeared to be raging in our front, and the road was filled with fugitives, but our men pressed gallantly forward, cheering from time to time, and showed a firm determination to do their duty at all hazards. The command occupied and entrenched the position assigned them, throwing out pickets to their front until the withdrawal of the army, which took place on May 6.

Previous to this withdrawal, on May 4, Colonel Stone's brigade made a handsome reconnaissance on our extreme right, along the Ridge road, which developed the location of the enemy's lines in that direction. The brigade returned, bringing much useful information, obtained at considerable risk.

The men behaved admirably throughout these various operations, marching 22 1/2 miles to reach the battle-field, loaded down with eight days' provisions, blankets, shelter-tents, and 60 rounds of ammunition. They came in in excellent order, without straggling. It gives me pleasure to state that there were no false alarms on our front.

Small patrols from Colonel Stone's brigade brought in 132 prisoners. General Rowley's brigade also brought in more than 100 prisoners, besides killing and wounding some 15 or 20 by their fire. The scouts of Colonel Stone's brigade report 3 rebels killed and 7 wounded. When it became necessary for some one to undertake the difficult and dangerous duty of bringing off the picket line, both Captain [Eminel P.] Halstead and Captain [Edward C.] Baird, of the adjutant-general's department, volunteered to accomplish it. I detailed Captain Baird, who was assisted by Lieutenant Row, of the One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding the sharpshooters of the Second Brigade. All the pickets were successfully withdrawn, but I regret to say Lieutenant Reinhold, of the One hundred and thirty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with 27 men of that regiment, have not been heard from since the withdrawal. It is feared he and his party missed the road indicated to them, and fell into the hands of the enemy. As the artillery was not under my direction during these operations, I inclose a copy of Major Matthews' report, which will show what was accomplished by that arm of the service. I also inclose herewith a list of killed and wounded.*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Major General of Vols., Commanding Third Division, First Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 175, 176.

---------------

