
Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Livingston, Seventy-sixth New York Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,May 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of the movements of this division:

On April 28, we left our camp near Belle Plain, and marched to Pollock's Mill, where we remained until the morning of May 2, when we marched to the United States Ford; crossed, and were placed in position on the night of the same day. We threw up breastworks, and during the 3rd our men took 132 prisoners.

On the 5th, the Second Brigade made a reconnaissance to the enemy's lines through the woods about three-quarters of a mile beyond our outside lines.

On the morning of the 6th, we recrossed the river, and that evening encamped where owe now lie. The Second Brigade, however, marched to Belle Plain by mistake, and did not rejoin us until the 8th instant. The men were very tired and hungry, but have now got into good shape again. Full reports have been sent in.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

CHAS. E. LIVINGSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Third Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. BANKHEAD,

Assistant Inspector-General, First Army Corps.

Numbers 50. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 1ST ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of my command, consisting of the One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and thirty-fifth, One hundred and forty-second, and One hundred and fifty-first Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, and its movements since leaving camp, near Belle Plain, on the 28th ultimo:

The brigade marched, as ordered, on that day, following the Second Brigade, under Colonel Stone, and halted for the night with the division, within 1 mile of the Rappahannock River, and opposite the ground on which this division was engaged on December 13 last.

At an early hour the next morning, the brigade was marched to the edge of the woods, where it remained a few minutes, and was then sent back to the encampment of the previous night. The One hundred and thirty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Porter, rested for the night (the 28th) on the bank of the river, in a position it took after dark, to support some batteries ranged along the bank, on Mrs. Gray's farm.

At noon on the 29th, this brigade, with other troops of this division, marched toward the river, and halted in the vicinity of [White Oak] Run, a few rods from the pontoon bridge.

On the 30th the men were mustered for pay. In the evening of the

19 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

