
other troops of this corps, recrossed at the United States Ford and marched to the present encampment. The return march was very orderly, and attended with little straggling.

I take pleasure in adding here that to Captain [Charles H.] Flagg, brigade inspector, and to Lieuts. G. A. Heberton and [William L.] Wilson, of my staff, I am indebted for the promptitude and energy displayed by them in assisting me to carry out orders received from division headquarters and the attention given by them during the entire march to matters connected with my command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 1ST ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In my report of the operations of this brigade during the late battles, I accidentally omitted to make mention of Lieutenant Robert M. Kellogg, One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding the sharpshooters, whose conduct while on picket was such as to entitle him to special notice.

On Sunday morning, under the direction of an officer of my staff, he led his body of sharpshooters, numbering 30 men, 1 1/2 miles to the front of our lines, and deployed them at close intervals on the left of the pickets of the Twelfth Massachusetts. After posting the last man, he started for the right of his line, and in passing had to cross a road leading through the tangled woods, when he was surprised by a squad of 7 of the enemy, who overpowered him, and, taking his pistol from him, marched him toward their lines. They had proceeded but a short distance when the whistling of bullets among them revealed the fact that they were pursued, and, while it hastened the steps of the enemy, it somewhat delayed the lieutenant's, who, watching a favorable opportunity, jumped behind a tree to escape the bullets of the rebels, and in a moment was rescued by his own men.

In the course of the day this body of men, 30 in number, captured over 50 prisoners, killed and wounded 15, and lost but 1 man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Colonel Chapman Biddle, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 121ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,May 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Tuesday, April 28, 1863, this regiment broke camp near Belle Plain, Va., and, together with the rest of the First Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, marched, via White Oak Church, to a wood near Pollock's Mill, where it encamped for the night.

