
the river to the left, to watch the movements of the enemy's cavalry, and remained there on that and skirmishing duty along the river bank until the morning of May 2, when it was withdrawn.

The remainder of the regiments was stationed with the batteries supporting the same until the morning of May 2, when I took up the line of march for the United States Ford, on the Rappahannock, some 12 miles to the right of Fredericksburg, and halted for the night near the ford or crossing.

The following morning (May 3), I resumed the march to rejoin the brigade, but, in consequence of the guide taking sick the night previous, and failing to return with directions whereby the regiment could proceed earlier, I did not reach the brigade until afternoon, on the road near Chancellorsville, where it was placed in the breastworks, and remained until the morning of the 6th, when it was ordered to evacuate the works and march with the brigade.

On Monday (the 4th), two companies, A and C, were detailed for picket duty. They remained on picket until the 6th, and assisted in covering the retreat.

On the afternoon of the 5th instant, Lieutenant Henry S. Reinhold and 27 men, of Company E, were sent out as skirmishers to support the pickets in case of an attack, and have not been heard from. They are supposed to have been captured by the enemy. The subjoined is a correct list of the names of the missing of Company E.*

On the morning of the 6th, we recrossed the Rappahannock, at the United States Ford, at daylight, and marched all day. We arrived opposite Fredericksburg about 5 p. m., where we encamped for the night.

On the 7th instant, we marched to our present camp.

The following named members of my regiment are reported wounded, and in hospital at Washington, D. C.: Privates Abraham Shockey, Daniel M. Peer, and John Suiter, Company F. Sergt. E. H. Baum was wounded slightly in hand while skirmishing with the enemy at the Gray farm.

Since making out the above report, I have been informed that Major R. W. Shenk, of my regiment, was sent back from the brigade on the 3rd, with orders and instructions where the brigade could be found, but he did not report to me until 11 a. m. of the same day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. PORTER,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and thirty-fifth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Brigadier General T. A. ROWLEY,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 53. Report of Colonel Robert P. Cummins, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS, May 10, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this regiment since leaving the camp near Belle Plain Landing:

On Tuesday, April 28, this regiment marched, with the Third Divis-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

