
campment was very orderly and attended with less straggling than on any previous occasion. I am happy to add that my regiment sustained no loss in killed and wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. CUMMINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM L. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Harrison Allen, One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 151ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS, May 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of my command and movements since leaving camp near Belle Plain, Va., on April 28:

We left camp at noon, and marched toward the Rappahannock River. When within 1 mile of the river, we encamped for the night. In the morning we marched to the river, where the pontoon bridges had been constructed. Here we lay in reserve, while skirmishing was going on upon the opposite side of the river.

On the 30th, about 6 p. m., the enemy opened upon us with a battery from the heights opposite us, throwing shell with great rapidity, but none of my command were injured.

May 1.-Nothing of note occurred in my regiment.

May 2.-The same batteries were opened about 6 a. m., with shell, on the heights, but no one of my regiment was hurt, as it lay under cover of a high bank. At 8 a. m. we withdrew, under fire, and took up our march with the whole of the First Corps to re-enforce the army then fighting near the United States Ford. Crossing the river about 10.30 a. m., we proceeded immediately to the field of operations, near Chancellorsville. Upon arriving there, the First Corps was stationed in front, on the right of the line, where we threw up fortifications to hold our position. I immediately sent a part of my regiment to skirmish in front of our lines.

During the 3rd and 4th we took 61 prisoners and killed 12 of the enemy. We occupied the same position during the 5th.

On the morning of the 6th, my regiment, with the whole corps, marched back; recrossed the river at the United States Ford, and marched to where we encamped for the night, about 2 miles northeast of Fredericksburg. Leaving there, we marched to our present camp on May 7, where everything has been quiet since. The men in my command behaved under fire and during the whole march with coolness and bravery.

The loss in killed, wounded, and missing of my regiment is as follows:*

Respectfully submitted.

H. ALLEN,Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

General T. A. ROWLEY,

Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 man killed, 1 officer (accidentally) and 5 men wounded, and 9 men missing.

---------------

