
past ten days are of that high character that always secures the admiration and esteem of those with whom they may be immediately connected. I cannot speak in terms of praise of any particular individual over another when all performed so well all the duties assigned them; however, I must call your attention to Captain Bassler, Company C, and First Lieutenant Fish, of Company A. The service they rendered the command in ascertaining the true position of the enemy was of too high an order to pass by unmentioned.

Very respectfully submitted.

WALTON DWIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding One hundred and forty-ninth Pa. Vols.

Colonel ROY STONE,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., First Army Corps.

Numbers 58. Report of Colonel Langhorne Wister, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 150TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which I have the honor of Commanding, in obedience to orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, First Army Corps, broke camp near Belle Plain Landing, Va., at 2 p. m. on April 28, and marched to the vicinity of Pollock's Mill, Va., a distance of about 7 miles, halting by the way for a short time near White Oak Church. The regiment reached the woods, when it was ordered to halt about three-quarters of a mile from the Rappahannock at about 5.30 p. m.

It remained during the night and the greater part of the ensuing day in said woods. At about 1 p. m. it was ordered to advance nearer to the river, and was halted in a hollow about 1 furlong distant from the river and a little above the point of crossing.

In this hollow and immediately near it the regiment lay still from the afternoon of April 29 until the morning of May 2, at about 8.30 a. m. of which day, in obedience to orders, it moved farther up the river.

During the stay of the regiment at Pollock's Mill, the enemy on two occasions attempted to throw shells into its position. First, on April 30, at about 6 p. m., and secondly, on May 2, just as the regiment was moving out of the hollow aforesaid to take up its line of march up the river. On neither occasion did the regiment suffer any damage.

When the regiment, as aforesaid, moved on May 2, it proceeded past Falmouth to the United States Ford, on the Rappahannock, a distance of about 18 miles. There the river was crossed on a pontoon bridge. A great delay was caused just before crossing by the passing of artillery and ammunition trains, so that it was 8 p. m. and very dark when the regiment reached the high land on the other side. Here orders were received to move on immediately to the battle-field. The regiment accordingly moved with great difficulty, the road being blocked with ambulances, ammunition wagons, &amp;c., and very much cut up.

The regiment reached the road in the rear of the first line of battle

