
at about 11.30 p. m., and was moved toward the left, but was halted and again moved toward the right of the line.

The position desired was reached at about 1.30 a. m. on the morning of May 3. The regiment was, from the road, moved forward in line into a thick and very extensive forest, where it bivouacked.

An abatis having first been hastily constructed and a line of pickets thrown forward, immediately after daylight the work of intrenching was begun, and a formidable rifle-pit was constructed by noon of May 3. The regiment remained in its entrenchments during May 3, throwing out heavy pickets and scouting parties, who captured a considerable number of prisoners.

On the afternoon of May 4, the regiment, with the brigade of which it forms a part, was ordered to make a reconnaissance in advance of the right of our position. The regiment was in the advance of the reconnaissance, which proceeded about halt a mile beyond the picket line of our forces. During this little expedition the scouting parties of the regiment captured 2 prisoners and made some important discoveries of the enemy's movements.

On May 5, the regiment lay quiet in its entrenchments until 7 p. m., when it received orders to march at once toward the river. The regiment was moved out into the road and lay there until 9 p. m., when it was ordered to return to its position.

At 2 a. m. on the morning of May 6, the regiment was again ordered to move, and marched to the bridge, recrossed the Rappahannock, which it reached, after a march of about 5 miles over a very difficult road, at about daylight. The crossing was accomplished without trouble. The march was continued until about 12.30 p. m., when the regiment was halted about 2 miles above Falmouth, having marched about 13 miles. During the day it had been raining heavily at times. At about 4 p. m. the column was again put in motion. At about 5 p. m. a terrible storm of hail and rain came on, which made the roads almost impassable, and nearly overwhelmed men and horses by its violence. Darkness came on while this command was still about 2 miles from White Oak Church. That point was, however, at last reached, after a march of about 21 miles. The regiment bivouacked, as did the rest of the command, in the vacated camps of the Sixth Corps, lying near.

Early in the morning of the 7th, the regiments was again moved forward,a nd reached its former camp near Belle Plain, Va., at about 10 a. m., a distance of 4 miles. It was allowed to remain here until about 7 a. m. on the morning of the 8th, when it was again moved to Pollock's Mill, reaching the woods back of that place at about 11 a. m. on said morning, a distance of about 7 miles, and went into camp.

During all the marches hereinbefore described, some of which were extremely arduous, there was little or no straggling from the regiment, and very few men wee compelled to fall out by reason of illness. Two men of the regiment have been wounded, 1 detached with Battery B, of this command, the other, having fallen out of the regiment during the march from the United States Ford to Chancellorsville, was placed in one of the regiments actively engaged in the battle of May 3, and received a slight wound.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LANGHORNE WISTER,

Colonel One hundred and Fiftieth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Lieutenant JOHN E. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

