
Numbers 59. Report of Major Ezra W. Matthews, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, THIRD DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the reports of the operations of Batteries B, F and G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, from April 29 to may 6.

While in position at the lower crossing of the Rappahannock, opposite the Fitzhugh house, they were engaged, on April 29 and 30, and may 1 and 2, in shelling the rifle-pits and in replying to the enemy's heavy guns (20-pounder Parrotts) at long range; no loss at this point.

On the 2nd instant, they marched with the First Corps to and across the United States Ford.

On the 3rd, Captain Amsden, commanding Battery G, took position in the front line of the Second Army Corps, near the white house, at one time occupied as headquarters by General Hooker. Here he was constantly annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters, and during the several engagements lost 2 men severely wounded, 1 officer and 4 men slightly wounded, and 3 horses killed. On the afternoon of the 3rd, Captain Ricketts took position in front of General Meade's headquarters, on the left of the Fifth Corps and on the right of the Second. This position was attacked several times, and was exposed to the constant fire of the sharpshooters of the enemy, but, by removing his horses to the rear and throwing up earth works in front, Captain Ricketts suffered no loss whatever. General Whipple was standing near this position when shot by one of the enemy's sharpshooters.

Captain Cooper did not move to the front, but on the 5th recrossed the river and took position on the left bank below the ford, where he threw a few shells at the enemy's batteries at long range; he suffered no loss.

On the 6th instant, the batteries returned to camp near their present position at White Oak Church. Officers and men behaved well, with one exception, an attached infantryman, of Battery F, who feigned sickness and did not cross the river; he will be brought to trial. The batteries are ready for further operations.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. W. MATTHEWS,

Major, Commanding Artillery, Third Division, First Army Corps.

Major General A. DOUBLEDAY,

Commanding Third Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Captain James H. Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

___ __, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of Battery B, First Pennsylvania Artillery, from April 29 to May 7:

The battery was ordered into position on the morning of April 29 on the left bank of the Rappahannock, a short distance below the Bernard

