
being so great, and several batteries firing at the same time, it was impossible to determine with any degree of certainty what execution was done. i was able to ascertain, however, the proper elevation to be 14 degrees, and length of fuse fifteen seconds.

On Saturday morning, May 2, the enemy opened again from the same battery. During the forenoon I fired 30 shell (Hotchkiss), 27 percussion (Schenkl), and 18 case-shot (Schenkl), all at an elevation of 14 degrees. On Saturday afternoon, I marched with my command up the river, and crossed at the United States Ford. On Sunday evening, I was ordered to the front, to relieve Captain Seeley's battery, and was placed in position on the extreme left of the Fifth Army Corps. The enemy made several attacks on this position, but every time were repulsed. The woods in front were but 250 yards distant, and were occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters, who kept up a continued firing, compelling me to remove the horses to the rear and to throw up earthworks for the protection of the men. Not a man or horse was hit during all the operations. While in this position, I fired 4 rounds of canister and 2 case-shot (Schenkl), with one and a half second's fuse.

On Tuesday evening, May 5, I received orders to retire across the river, and reached our present camp, near white Oak Church, on Thursday, May 7.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BRUCE RICKETTS,

Captain, Commanding Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

Major E. W. MATTHEWS,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 62. Report of Captain Frank P. Amsden, Battery G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP BATTERY G, FIRST PENNSYLVANIA ART., May 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the participation of Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, in the late engagement:

Left camp April 28, about 10 a. m.; took up line of march for the heights in the rear of Pollock's Mill; reached the heights and went into position about daylight on the morning of the 29th. Fired 8 rounds of shrapnel during the morning.

Left this position at 4 p. m. May 1; took position near Traveler's Rest, on Widow Gray's farm, about 10 a. m.

On the 2nd instant, took up line of march to the United States Ford; crossed the United States Ford about midnight, and encamped in the woods about 2 miles beyond the ford.

About 10 a. m. ont he 3rd instant, I received orders from Captain Candler, aide to General Hooker, to report at General hooker's headquarters with the battery; found General Meade at headquarters, who ordered me to report to General Couch, on the road toward Chancellorsville; reported to General Couch, who ordered me to report to Captain Weed, commanding the artillery. Was assigned a position in the line of artillery, upon the ground recently occupied as General Hooker's headquarters; maintained this position until 8 a. m. of the 5th instant.

