
On the 3rd instant, fired 90 shrapnel, 23 shell, and 46 canister.

On the 4th instant, fired 32 shrapnel, 44 shell, and 20 canister.

On the 3rd instant, First Lieutenant Beldin Spence slightly wounded, 2 men severely and 4 slightly wounded, and 3 horses killed.

On the 4th instant, 2 men severely wounded.

On the 5th instant, at 8 p. m., I took up line of march and recrossed the river at the United States Ford, and encamped on the heights for the night.

On the 6th instant, took up line of march for old camp, and encamped on the night of the 6th at the white house, near headquarters Army of the Potomac.

On the morning of the 7th instant, I received orders from Colonel Wain wright to report to General Doubleday, commanding Third Division, First Army Corps; marched with the division to the heights, near Pollock's Mill.

On the 8th instant, I received orders from Colonel Wainwright to join artillery park of the First Corps, in camp near White Oak Church; joined the same at 4 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. P. AMSDEN,

Captain, Commanding Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

Major E. W. MATTHEWS,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 63. Reports of Major General Darius N. Couch, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.

FALMOUTH, VA., May 9, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the order of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following memoranda of the part taken by the Second Corps int he recent movement across the Rappahannock:

On the morning of the 28th of April, Hancock's and French's divisions marched to Banks' Ford, Gibbon's division remaining in position near Falmouth. Laid out works at the ford, and worked that night; also put large working parties on the road to United States Ford. Carroll's brigade, French's division, sent to United States Ford in the morning.

April 29.-Completed the road to United States Ford, and marched the two divisions to that point. Worked all night to get up the bridge trains.

April 30.-Large working parties under General Warren repairing road to get the pontoons to the river. Received a dispatch from General Meade at 9.30 a. m., saying the enemy were in force at United States Ford. Saw but few men after daylight. At 10.15 a. n. commenced moving down the bridge train. At 3.30 p. m. the bridge was ready. Received a dispatch from General Hooker, saying he expected the bridge to be down by night. Marched to Chancellorsville, arriving about 9 p. m.

May 1.-At 1 p. m. went with Hancock's division to support Sykes, who was withdrawn behind Hancock's division. Hancock in line for the night between Sykes and Griffin. French ordered to Todd's Tavern but withdrawn and placed in reserve.

20 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

