
May 2.-The corps in line between Meade and Slocum. A strong picket, on the road leading to Fredericksburg, held its position under Colonel Miles, Hancock's division, after repeated assaults. The enemy felt our lines. toward evening Hays' brigade, French's division, ordered to support Berry. My whole line intrenched.

May 3.-Part of French's division attacked and drove the enemy from the woods, capturing 300 prisoners, and retaking a Zouave regiment of the Third Corps, previously captured by the enemy. A battery and ammunition train were taken, but could not be brought off.

hancock's division held the advance at Chancellorsville, in connection with a part of Slocum's corps, until ordered to fall back, at 10 a. m., which was done in good order, Hancock's division covering. Got into new position between Howard and Sickles at 12 m.

May 4.-Quiet on my front.

May 5.-Orders for the withdrawal of the army. At midnight the bridges were reported unserviceable. Telegraphic communication being cut off with General Hooker, the movement was suspended by my order.

May 6.-At 2 a. m. communication was reopened with General Hooker, the bridges were reported serviceable, and he ordered the movement to proceed. It was safely accomplished on the morning of the 6th.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE, May 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, on the morning of April 28, the divisions of Major-Generals Hancock and French marched at sunrise to Banks' Ford, Brigadier-General Gibbon, with his division, being retained in camp opposite Fredericksburg, subject to order direct from the major-general commanding the army. According to instructions, the crossing at Banks' Ford was threatened by throwing up works, &amp;c., while the road to the United States Ford was repaired.

At 2 p. m. on the 29th, the two divisions marched to that place, which had been occupied the day previous by Colonel Carroll's brigade, of French's division. Every effort was made that night to get up the pontoons. Brigadier-General Warren, of General Hooker's staff, joined, and gave his valuable assistance. The rifle-pits were held by part of a rebel brigade, most of which fell back at daylight of the 30th.

At 10. 15 a. m. the difficult descent to the ford having been made practicable by General Warren, the pontoons, under Major Spaulding, were taken down to the ford, and at 3.15 p. m. one bridge was ready and the corps commenced crossing. A second bridge was also directed to be thrown over, and at 9 o'clock that evening we got into bivouac near Chancellorsville, where were already the Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps.

On the morning of the 1st instant, I was directed to send a division and a battery to Todd's Tavern, a junction of roads some 6 miles distant, in the direction of Spotsylvania Court-House. Major-General French started with his division and Arnold's battery. The order for this movement was countermanded at the same time that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, which had moved out ont he Plank road, toward Fredericksburg, were ordered to return to camp.

Arnold's battery was sent to report to Major-General Sykes at 1 p. m.,

