
who was out on the turnpike leading to Fredericksburg. Soon after, instruction were given me by Major-General Hooker to support Sykes with a division. Hancock marched out and took up a strong position, while the former, with his command, drew in behind him. At this time there was considerable skirmishing and some artillery used. hancock's position was held after the Twelfth Corps, on my right, had retired to Chancellorsville, and positive orders were received to fall back to the position held in the morning. Afterward instructions came to hold on until 5 p. m., connecting with Meade on my left and Slocum on the right, which was impossible, seeing that the enemy, by following up Slocum, menaced my right and rear. Hancock took up a new line to the left of Sykes. The enemy commanded this line. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker was seriously wounded at night by a shell. Major-General French, with his division, was held in reserve.

By morning of the 3rd, Hancock got into a new position, his right connecting with Slocum's left at Chancellorsville. Colonel Miles, of the Sixty-first New York, with a strong body of skirmisher, held some rifle-pits in the forest to the front, and was attacked by the enemy, but unsuccessfully. I succeeded that day in intrenching my entire line. Major-General French connected with Hancock's left, and at sunset sent Brigadier-General hays, with his brigade, to support Major-General Berry.

At 5 a. m. on Sunday, the 3rd, the battle opened with great fury. In the course of the morning the corps on my right was pushed in so as to enable the enemy to concentrate their artillery fire on Chancellorsville with great effect. Major-General French moved into the forest on the right of the Plank road, looking west; Carroll's brigade in front. he drove the enemy, taking about 300 prisoners and recapturing a regiment of one of the corps int he hands of the rebels. Brigadier-General Caldwell's brigade, of Hancock's division, also went in creditably. General Hays' brigade was severely engaged, that fine officer being wounded and taken prisoner. meager, with his brigde, that had been covering a point to the right and rear of our whole line, was ordered up.

By 9 a. m. the only point contested by the two armies was the salient, Chancellorsville. On our side the woods in front were held by a part of the Twelfth Corps, under Geary; the open ground by as few regiments of Hancock's division and about eighteen pieces of artillery. The enemy succeeded in planting their batteries, most of them well covered, to the west, on our right; to the east, on our left, and southerly, on our front, concentrating their fire fell with such terrible effect upon A. P. Hill's division as to enable Geary to draw off his men, when ordered, at his leisure, and holding them with stubborn courage. Leppien's battery, of the First Corps, was badly cut up, the officers having been, all of them, it her killed or wounded. I placed the brave Lieutenant Kirby in command, who held it until severely, if not mortally, wounded. Pettit, with his rifled guns, fought nobly, and so did O'Donohue, of Thomas' battery, who was mortally wounded. The gallant Colonel Cross, of the Fifth New Hampshire, and his command claim my admiration.

About 9.45 a. m. I was called to the Chandler house to briefly take command of the army, simply acting as executive officer to General Hooker in fulfilling his instruction, which were to draw int he front and make some new dispositions. On leaving Chancellorsville to see General Hooker, General Hancock was left in command at that place, withdrawing successfully upon receiving the orders. I express my thanks to this officer for his gallantry, energy, and his example of

