
In accordance with his orders, he proceeded on the Strasburg road to a point some 3 miles from Strasburg, where he found the enemy's pickets, and, immediately charging on them, drove them back nearly 2 miles, to their reserve, a force estimated at 150 to 200. This force immediately formed, and made an attempt to surround Lieutenants Passenger's command. Seeing this, and re-enforcements coming to aid the rebels, Lieutenant Passagger boldly charged them, and cut his way through to a road running nearly parallel with the Strasburg pike, known as the Cedar Creek road, killing and wounding many and recapturing all of our men who had been taken prisoners that morning while on picket.

Having accomplished the object of the expedition, and seeing a vastly superior force forming on the hills beyond, he continued on down the Cedar road, and by a circuitous route brought his men back to camp in good order, where he arrived at a late hour last night.

Our loss was Lieutenant Weiss (probably taken prisoner), Sergeant [William] Emment, and 10 men.

At 5 p. m. I received an order from you to proceeded with my available force, on the Strasburg road, to the assistance of the Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, who had been repulsed by a superior force of the enemy. Within fifteen minutes I was on the road with my command. Along the road for 3 miles from Winchester small parties of the Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry were met coming into town in complete disorder. I halted and turned them back, and, upon meeting the major commanding, I ordered him to rally his men and fall in my rear as a support. He made a partially turned back, in direct violation of my orders, on the plea that he could not keep up with the First New York.

I proceeded at a rapid pace up the pike, passing through Newtown, Middletown, and Strasburg, up the Woodstock road, beyond the scene of action, but not being able to overhaul the enemy, and being then near the main body of the rebel forces, I halted my command, where a few minutes after I received your order to return at once to Winchester, which I did in good order, arriving in camp at an early hour this morning.

The highest commendation are due Lieutenant Passenger for the ability and courage with which he engaged a far superior force and rescued the men taken from us in the morning. My whole command, both officers and men, behaved most admirably.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

A. W. ADAMS,

Major, Commanding First Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel James A. Galligher, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of skirmishes near Strasburg.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Winchester, Va., February 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of yesterday's action, according to your orders:

The two battalions, under command of Majs. M. J. BYRNE and M.

