
and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. These troops were ably assisted on the right of the road by Colonel Blaisdell's fine regiment (Eleventh massachusetts Volunteers), of General Berry's division.

Toward evening, after the enemy had driven in the Eleventh Corps, the shot from the enemy's artillery fell over my lines from both rear and front. During the sharp contest of that day, the enemy was never able to reach my principal line of battle, so stoutly and successfully did Colonel Miles contest the ground. The action in the rear continued until after midnight, the Twelfth Corps, on my immediate right, having been heavily engaged during the day.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, the battle was renewed at 5.30 a. m. Previous to this time, expecting to meet the enemy on my main line of battle, I had not held a very heavy force on my first line, but now, knowing the danger and confusion that would arise from the musket-balls of the enemy crossing our line of communication at Chancellorsville from that direction, I strengthened the advanced position, believing, from the experience of the previous day and the well-known ability and gallantry of Colonel Miles, that it could be held. That line was frequently assaulted during the morning with great gallantry, the enemy marching their regiments up into the abatis. The Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers behaved with great distinction, repulsing regiment after regiment. The same may be said of the Sixty-first and Sixty-sixth new York Volunteers, the detachments from the Fifty-third Pennsylvania, Second Delaware, One hundred and fortieth, One hundred and forty-fifth, and One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania, and the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Later in the morning I was directed by Major-General Couch to face to the rear with the men on the second line, excepting Colonel Cross' command, and march to the road running between Chancellor's house and the United States Ford, and to be ready to advance against the enemy, who were then threatening that line of communication from my rear.

having arrive at that point, General Hooker directed me to leave one brigade there, subject to his orders (I left Brigadier-General Caldwell's command, consisting of the Sixty-first, Fifty-second, and Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, and four companies of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, numbering between 500 and 600 men), and to return to my troops. I obeyed the order, closing the regiments to the right to connect again with Colonel Cross, on the turnpike leading toward Fredericksburg. The enemy threatening General Geary's right, I was directed to face Colon I Cross' command about, establishing a line of battle to protect that point. Shortly afterward Colonel Cross was ordered back, by General Couch, to occupy his original line.

General Sickles' command had now retired from the position west of Chancellorsville, and, seeing the enemy advancing in line of battle in the open plain toward the Chancellor house, I immediately faced my line about, and took position on the Plank road, in line with Colonel Cross' command, his right resting on the turnpike and the other porion of his command on the same prolongation on his right, supporting Pettit's battery, a half battery of Thomas', on its left, in Colonel Cross' front, and Leppien's battery, on the right of Chancellor's house.

The enemy, who had threatened to advance, was soon dispersed by the fire of the artillery. He, however, immediately planted several batteries in the open plain, about 900 yards to my front, and, with the batteries

