
not able to speak of the service of Caldwell's command more particularly nor of General Meagher's while they were engaged with the enemy, as they were detached, and under the immediate orders of General Hooker.

The reports of these commanders will be found inclosed, as well as those of Brigadier Ge. S. K. Zook,* commanding Third Brigade; Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade; Colonel N. A. Miles, commanding the advanced line of skirmishers; Colonel E. E. Cross,* Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, commanding the right of my line; Captain R. D. Pettit, Battery B, First New York Artillery, commanding artillery, and the reports of subordinate commanders.

We awaited the attack of the enemy in our new position until 3.30 a. m. on the morning of the 6th instant, when the movement to the roar toward the United States Ford commenced by a road which had ben cut through the Wilderness for that purpose. We crossed the pontoon bridges at the United States Ford, and marched to our original camp, near Falmouth, where we arrived at 2 p. m.

The commanders of brigades-Brigadier Gens. T. F. Meagher, Caldwell, and Zook-performed their duties faithfully and we.. Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, was of great assistance to me by his promptness and efficiency. Colonel N. A. Miles, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, had great opportunity for distinction, and availed himself thereof, performing brilliant services. Colonel E. E. Cross, Fifth new Hampshire Volunteers, performed distinguished services.

The artillery was generally detached from my command. however, Pettit's battery (B, First New York Artillery) and one-half of thomas' (C, Fourth U. S. Artillery), under the command of First Lieutenant William O'Donohue, until he was mortally wounded, and subsequently under command of Second Lieutenant Edward Field, performed excellent service while under my command.

The following of my staff officers were active in carrying orders on the field, and performed their duties faithfully and well, behaving with great gallantry: Major John Hancock, assistant adjutant-general; Major G. W. Scott, Sixty-first New York volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain H. H. Bingham, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, judge-advocate of the division; First Lieuts. W. G. Mitchell, J. B. Parker, and W. D. H. Miller, aides-de-camp; First Lieutenant James M. Rorty, ordnance officer, and First Lieutenant W. P. Wilson, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commissary of musters.

Lieutenant Mitchell, in carrying a message to General Geary's troops at a critical period of the battle, with a view of saving time, rode in front of a battery of nine guns, a few yards from the muzzles, running the gauntlet of the fire in order to save a considerable detour; and Lieutenant Parker personally and alone took prisoners 2 of the enemy in front of our picket-line, and brought them in with him.

Captain C. H. Hoyt, chief assistant quartermaster; Captain A. C. Voris, commissary of subsistence, and Major R. C. Stiles, surgeon in chief of the division, were actively employed int he operations of their respective departments.

First Lieutenant George C. Anderson, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of the division ambulance corps, together with his assistant, performed their duty faithfully. the ambulances and stretcher-carriers were employed on the field under fire, and the duties

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

