
in finding General Zook, I feared the order would arrive too late, and communicated it to Colonel Miles, and then informed General Zook that I had so communicated it.

On Saturday night, May 2, by request of Colonel Brooke, I reported to the general that the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers had fallen back from the picket line, and was coming in over the breastworks commanded by Colonel Brooke, commanding Fourth Brigade, and he wished to know if it was falling back in accordance with orders. The general ordered that the Sixty-fourth should immediately be sent to their posts on the picket line. Upon returning, I found them almost at the picket front, going at a double-quick.

On Sunday morning, May 3, I delivered, in accordance with the general's orders, 4,500 rounds of ammunition on the picket line. This was turned over by me to a lieutenant, who had bee detailed to receive and distribute it.

On Sunday, about noon, I was ordered to the picket line to notify the commanding officer that we had relinquished our position at the Chancellor house, and that the picket should fall back steadily and keep on the line with our division breastworks. When I arrived on the line, I found it falling back in good order. No one could inform me of the whereabouts of Colonel Morris, but stated that the order had been given to fall back, and that the whole line was in retreat. I informed several officers who had command of portions of the picket falling back to follow the line of our breastworks. I saw no pickets to my right, and concluded, in accordance with the information, that the whole line was safely retreating.

I also communicated at various times with the picket lines to ascertain the cause of certain firings.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Captain and Judge-Advocate, First Div., Second Army Corps.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 67. Report of Lieutenant William D. W. Miller, Sixty-sixth new York Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding the division, I have the honor to make the following report of the order from him, communicated through me to the commander of the picket line of the division during the action of the 2nd and 3rd instant:

About 9 p. m. of the 2nd instant, I was ordered to take the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers to the picket line and report it to Colonel Miles. This I did without delay.

About 9.30 a. m. of the 3rd instant, in obedience to orders, I instructed Colonel Morris, of the Sixty-sixth new York Volunteers, commanding the picket line (Colonel Miles having been wounded), to have his command well in hand, and to be ready to carry out without delay any further orders he might receive.

