
Kerwin, started from Winchester as follows: The battalion under command of Major Kerwin about 7.30 a. m., and the battalion under command of Major M. J. Byrne about 9 a. m. We proceeded, according to your orders, as Strasburg, Va., without any interruption, where an orderly sergeant was in waiting, who reported that a battalion of the First New York Cavalry, and a company of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Captain Jacob H. Dewees, had been attacked about 6 miles beyond Strasburg. We immediately went to their assistance, where we found, on our arrival at the place of the attack, that the rebels had fallen back along by-road which struck the pike about 3 miles ahead. We moved up in order to intercept them and found that we were too late, they having taken the turnpike and were about a mile ahead. We pursued but a short distance on account of the enemy being in force. We them fell back, and running fight took place, which continued until we reached, and then repulsed them. The exhausted condition of our horses rendered any pursuit unavailing.

Our whole force being apprehensive that the rebels were sustained by infantry and artillery, which had assailed us beyond Strasburg, the retreat was kept up, holding the enemy in check several points. The retreat was kept up, holding the enemy in check at several points. The superior number of the enemy and the scattered condition of our forces rendered further attempt to drive them back ineffectual. We fought, while in a retreating condition, until we reached Middletown, where the enemy stopped.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. GALLIGHER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Commanding Milroy's Division.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General W. E. Jones, C. S. Army,* commanding Valley District.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Edenburg, Va., February 26, 1863.

GENERAL: The First New York Cavalry and the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry attacked my pickets this morning and drove them into Woodstock. I fell on them with the Eleventh and Seventh Virginia regiments of cavalry; cut them up badly. We have about 200 prisoners, and killed and wounded many more. We carried them at a charge of full speed from 5 miles below Woodstock to Newtown. Lieutenant-Colonel [O. R.] Funsten and his regiment behaved with conspicuous gallantry. If you will exercise your influence in having him promoted to the vacant colonelcy of this regiment, in my opinion you will do justice to the man and promote the public welfare. After a ride of 44 miles at rapid gait, write you fully of our success to-day and other matters is a task to which I fell hardly adequate. I will write you fully to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 29, Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, February 28 1863, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

---------------

