
conduct of Colonel Miles in every battle in which the brigade has been engaged. His merits as a military man seem to me of the very highest order. I know of no terms of praise to exaggerated to characterize his masterly ability. If ever a soldier earned promotion, Colonel Miles had one so. Providence should spare his life, and I earnestly recommend that he be promoted and intrusted with a command commensurate with his abilities.

Colonel McKeen, of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded by fragment of a shell while supporting a battery near Chancellor's house. He has always behaved with the greatest gallantry, and on this occasion added to his high reputation for bravery and skill. Though severely wounded,, he remained with his regiment, and would not got to the rear until peremptorily ordered to do so.

Colonel Cross was separated from me for a large portion of the time, but when present behaved with his usual bravery.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hapgood, commanding the Fifth new Hampshire Volunteers, while under my eye behaved with coolness and decision, which gave abundant promise of future distinction.

Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, commanding the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, behaved on every occasion with he utmost bravery, and in the action in the woods ont he 3rd kept his men to their work in a manner to merit the highest commendation.

Colonel Beaver, of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, deserves the highest praise of r the discipline and efficiency which he has secured in his regiment. To him belongs almost exclusively the praise that his men, in their first battle, did their work so handsomely. He was, unfortunately, wounded severely at the first fire, and was borne from the field before he could see the heroism of his men. The command, however, devolved on worthy shoulders. major Fairlamb rallied and fought the regiment int he nobles manner. Greater coolness and bravery could not be displayed by any man than was shown by him. It inspirited the men, and in a measure compensated for the loss of their beloved colonel.

To Lieutenant [Daniel K.] Cross, of my staff, something more than a word of passing praise is due. He was indefatigable, and seconded me int eh noblest manner. It was he that reported to General Hancock that the picket line was flanked; that brought to the notice of General Hooker the disgraceful flight on the left of the road, which the commanding general at once caused to be checked by cavalry. He also reported to General Meade for re-enforcements, and brought back his order. Whatever praise should be awarded to a gallant, intelligent, and indefatigable staff officer is due to him. At Antietam and Fredericksburg he distinguished himself, and has richly earned promotion.

The other remembers of my staff behaved to my entire satisfaction. Captain [George H.] Caldwell was early wounded and taken to the rear. Lieutenant [Corydon A.] Alvord behaved with his accustomed bravery, and his gallant bearing was highly encouraging to the men. Lieutenant [John H.] Root was present in the hottest of the fight, and rendered efficient service.

I cannot pass over in silence the service of my orderly, Corpl. Uriah N. Parmelee, Company D, Sixth New York Cavalry. In the fight of the 3rd, when the One hundred and forty-eighth was staggered by the first volley of the rebels, he rendered most efficient service in rallying them and urging them on. I think him worthy promotion, both for his gallantry and other high qualities.

The Fifty-second and Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, from

21 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

