
General Zook's brigade, behaved admirably, both before and after he wounding of their commander, Colonel Frank.

I respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders for mention of officers of the line who distinguished themselves.

A nominal list and tabular statement of the killed, wounded, and missing has already been forwarded.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel Nelson A. Miles. Sixty-first New York Infantry.

LACY HOUSE HOSPITAL,

Falmouth, Va., May 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On Friday, the 1st instant, as the Second Army Corps was advancing from Chancellorsville toward Fredericksburg, my regiment being in advance, I was ordered to move forward and deploy as skirmisher son the right of the road. After advancing through the woods some 500 yards, I came to an open field, where I found the enemy,a nd also a brigade belonging to the Twelfth Army Cops, which was retreating double-quick, without rear guard or flankers. here I was ordered to halt, and I remained in this position about half an hour, when I was informed by Lieutenant Alvord, of General Caldwell's staff, that the division was falling back, and ordered me to protect the rear. The enemy was then advancing in column, with a very strong skirmish line, which was different from any I had ever seen, being much stronger and in four ranks. Part filed to the front, keeping up a continued fire. We were also exposed to the fire of their artillery, but without much loss. I fell back until I passed the troops of the Third Corps, when I reformed the line, and was soon ordered forward with the rest of the brigade, and took up a new position on the left of the road, my right connecting with the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania and my left with that of the Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, General Barnes' division. I was then ordered by Lieutenant Mitchell, of General Hancock's staff, to take charge of the line of skirmishers in front of the entire division.

During the fore part of the night I received instructions from General Hancock that the division was to withdraw to another line some distance to the rear and ordered me to establish my line ont he most favorable ground in its front.

At 3 a. m. of the 2nd, I withdrew the picket line to the rear of an abatis, which had been formed during the night by some regiments of the division. Here I remained during the day. The force on this line consisted of the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel [A. B. Chapman]; two companies of the Fifty-second New York, four companies of the Second Delaware, and six companies of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania, together with the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Blaisdell, which was ordered there by General Carr for the purpose of feeling the enemy with their sharpshooters.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

