
We were constantly engaged skirmishing with the enemy during the day, and at about 3 p. m. the enemy commenced massing his troops in two columns, one on each side of the road, flanked by a line of battle about 800 yards in front, in the woods. Their orders could be distinctly heard. They soon advanced with a tremendous yell, and were met with a sure and deadly fire of one simple line. A very sharp engagement continued about an hour, when the enemy fell back in disorder. Their charge was impetuous and determined, advancing to within 20 yards of my abatis, but were hurled back with fearful loss, and made no further demonstrations.

During the night, the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers was relieved by the Sixty-sixth New York, the companies of the Fifty-second New York and Second Delaware Volunteers by the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, who worked nearly all night, strengthening the abatis and digging a rifle-pit.

About 9 a. m. of the 3rd instant, I received a detachment of 250 men, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary, of the One hundred and forty-fifth pennsylvania, as a support. Soon after, my line was vigorously attacked by the enemy on the left, and engaged the entire line. This continued for about half an hour, when I deployed about one-third of my reserve on the left, and was about to order up the remainder when I received a severe wound in the abdomen, and was obliged to leave the field. I sent word to Colonel Morris, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, that the command devolved upon him.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel Sixty-first New York Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70. Report of Lieutenant Colonel K. Oscar Broady, Sixty-first New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of transmitting to you the following report:

During the night of the 27th ultimo, the Sixty-first Regiment, under the command of Colonel N. A. Miles, was relieved by the Forty-second Regiment New York Volunteers from its detached service at Camp Mars, where it had bee supporting a Connecticut battery, and after a march of about 4 miles reported at the headquarters of the brigade, at about 5 o'clock on the morning of the 28th. A little later on the same day the regiment joined the rest of the brigade, and marched until it reached a place near Banks' Ford, about 2 p. m., when it was ordered by the general commanding the brigade to halt and rest.

At daybreak of the 29th, the regiment was ordered out by General Caldwell on fatigue duty, laying corduroy roads about 2 miles in front, where our troops were encamping. It returned from this duty about 1 p. m. and two hours later marched, with the rest of the brigade to a place near the United States Ford, where it halted about 7 p. m., and encamped over night.

At 11 a. m. of the 30th, the regiment resumed its march, and crossed the Rappahannock, at the United States Ford, about 6 p. m., and continued

