
that leads from Chancellorsville to the white house, toward the United States Ford. The brigade formed in line of battle, facing the woods to the left, the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania on our right and the Fifty-second New York on our left. A few minutes later and the line advanced into the woods until we came to the opening beyond, where we saw a heavy column of the enemy marching by the right flank and toward our left at a quick step; one of their batteries planted right before our center, where was also moving a squadron of their cavalry, and another heavy column marching by the left flank toward our right.

Seeing the enemy was trying to outflank us on the left, General Caldwell ordered the line to fall back about 12 yards, moving it the same time a little farther to the right. Soon the enemy opened a sudden and severe fire upon our line, which was vigorously responded to. My command behaved well. The enemy was soon repulsed. After about two hours' fighting, we were ordered to march off by the right flank until we reached the opening where our batteries were planted. There we formed into line, faced to the rear, and halted, facing the woods out of which we had just entered. Shortly afterward we marched, with the rest of the brigade, by the right flank, across the opening to the woods ont he left of the white house, where we ordered to halt and throw up breastworks. We lay inside of these breastworks, occasionally shelled by the enemy, though without any damage to us, until the night between the 5th and 6th, when we received orders to fall back; crossed the Rappahannock, with the rest of the Second Corps, at the United States Ford, and arrived at the old camp of the brigade on the afternoon of May 6. During the engagement on the 3rd, our loss was 2 killed and 3 wounded; all enlisted men.

i would especially recommend, for their excellent conduct and good soldierly qualities, Capts. Willard Keech and T. G. Morrison. Lieutenant F. W. Grannis, adjutant, deserves much praise for the energy, bravery, and usefulness he everywhere and on all occasions manifested.

The rank and file of my command has maintained faithfully its wellearned and well known reputation, always doing and always ready to do its duty to the last.

We all, officers and men, fell the loss and deplore deeply the sad fate of our beloved and highly esteemed colonel, N. A. Miles, who was severely wounded on the morning of the 3rd, but our hopes and prayers are that he soon may be restored to us again and to usefulness in the service of his country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. O. BROADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Caldwell's Brigade.

Numbers 71. Report of Lieutenant William H. Gordon, Sixty first New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor of submitting the following report:

On the afternoon of the 2nd instant, the Fifth and Sixth companies of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers were ordered out on picket in front

