
of the abatis occupied by the First Brigade, First Division, Second Corps, near Chancellorsville, under command of Captain Bain. On arriving on the ground, I was ordered to take command of the detachment, with directions to connect on the right with the pickets of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment, and on the left with the pickets of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Regiment.

During the night, the enemy kept up a constant fire of artillery and musketry on our lines, with but little effect. We picked up a great number of stragglers, mostly from the Eleventh Corps, who attempted to cross our lines.

At daylight the pickets of the One hundred and forty-fifth disappeared, for what reason I do not know. The regiments in the rifle-pits on the right gave way and passed by us in disorder. About 11.30 o'clock the Sixty-sixth New York broke and fled in dismay. At this time I went to the left of my detachment, and on returning found that Lieutenant Williams had taken about 15 men and gone to the extreme right of the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment. After considerable effort, I succeeded in finding them, and again posted them in their original positions. Said Lieutenant Williams was unable to say by what authority he abandoned his post. At this time the detachments of the Sixty-first New York and the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiments were all that remained of the entire picket line.

Discovering that our troops had abandoned the rifle-pits to our rear, and that they were occupied by the rebels, we concluded that it was about time to withdraw. I then ordered Lieutenants Hallenbeck and Owens to draw in the left of the line, which was done promptly. By this time the rebels were close enough to challenge them, and, on refusing to halt, sent a volley after them, without injury. We formed our detachments ont he road, the One hundred and forty-eighth joining on our left. I then marched them off, by the right flank, through the woods. After making a circuit of about 2 1/2 miles, we came into the field which divided the woods occupied by the rebels and those occupied by our own troops. I here met Lieutenant [D. K.] Cross, who directed me to the regiment.

I would remark that Lieutenants Hallenbeck and Owens and Orderly Sergeant [John] Kelly were of great assistance to me, and behaved bravely, and had it not been for them I could not have kept my position as long as I did. I lost nearly half of the men with me.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

W. H. GORDON,

First Lieutenant Company I, Sixty-first New York Vols.

Lieutenant F. W. GRANNIS,

Adjutant, Sixty-first New York Volunteers.

Numbers 72. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Francis Meagher, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

BANKS' FORD, NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 28, 1863-1.30 p. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding the division that, in accordance with instructions received from him, I

