
proceeded to this ford on yesterday forenoon, to relieve Colonel Kelly and take command of the brigade.

On arriving at the ford (where I found the Sixty-third encamped), I learned that Colonel Kelly had, an hour previous, proceeded to the United States Ford, at which place, I was advised by the major-general, two regiments of the brigade were to be stationed. Accordingly, I set out at once to the United States Ford, taking the corduroy road leading up from Banks' Ford to the Warrenton pike, being ignorant of the River road, not having either a map or guide to direct me. I proceeded along the Warrenton pike until I reached Hartwood Church, when I took the road leading to the United States Ford, at which I arrived some time about 5 p. m., and found everything perfectly quiet, and the Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixteenth posted there int he best order. Colonel Kelly had left something more than an hour before to return to Banks' Ford. I concluded, therefore, on remaining at the United States Ford until this morning, it being too late for me to return to the lower one by the only route (that of the Warrenton pike) with which i was acquainted.

This morning, a little before 9 o'clock, the Twenty-eight massachusetts Volunteers came in, having remained over night at Hartwood Church. As I was ont he point of leaving for Banks' Ford, orders arrived for the regiments of the brigade stationed at the United States Ford to proceed to the former one. These orders were immediately put into execution, General Carroll's brigade, which reached the ground about the same time as the orders did, more than supplying their place. The Sixty-ninth, One hundred and sixteenth, and Twenty-eighth are expected very soon. I have relieved Colonel Kelly from the command, and have received from him all the instruction communicated to him as guidance for the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hancock's Division.

Numbers 73. Report of Lieutenant Edward Whiteford, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from General Meagher, I have the honor to report as follows:

During the heat of the action, personal order were received from General Couch to advance the brigade (then supporting the Fifth Maine Battery) through the woods in their front, but were immediately countermanded by him, and skirmishers order to be thrown out. I received orders then from General Meagher to throw out 50 men of the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, under command of Captain Lawler, to be deployed to the right and left of a wood, passing through the wood on our extreme right, the men to be deployed so as to cover the front of the brigade.

On returning, i found that the fire which the enemy concentrated on

