
the above battery compelled the men to desert the guns, the horses at the time being either all killed or wounded. On reporting the fact to General Meagher, I was ordered by him to tell Major Mulholland, of the One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to save the guns with his men, at any risk, and too much praise cannot be bestowed on him for his own cool bravery, and that of the men under his command, having to take them out of stiff yellow clay, where the guns were stuck, and under a galling fire of the enemy, by which some 4 or 5 of his men were either killed or wounded; but he succeeded, most fortunately, in obeying orders, and drawing the guns, five in number, to within 1 miles of the pontoon bridge, where limbers were sent up, from the chief of artillery, to draw them to the extreme rear.

I have the honor to be, captain, most respectfully,

E. WHITEFORD,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Captain M. W. WALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 74, Report of Major St. Clair A. Mulholland, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 4, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders just received, I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to certain guns that were taken off the field of action by the men of my command, on the morning of Sunday, May 3, 1863:

The Irish Brigade was engaged in supporting the Fifth Maine Battery, commanded by Captain Leppien. When the battery had been engaged with the enemy about one hour, all the officers and [men] belonging to it had either been killed, wounded, or had abandoned their pieces, with the exception of one man (Corpl. James H. Lebroke), and all the guns were silenced except one. About this time, Major Scott, of General Hancock's staff, rode up to me, and requested me to bring out a sufficient number of men to haul the abandoned guns off the field, as they were in great danger of being captured by the enemy. My regiment at this time occupied the left of the brigade line, and was nearest the battery. I at once, at the request of Major Scott, led my men toward the abandoned battery, and ordered them to haul the guns off the filed, and to the rear. After taking off the last piece, I followed my men up the road, and found another gun in possession of one of my lieutenants (L. J. Sacriste, of Company D). This piece he had taken off without my knowledge, and made, in all, four pieces saved by my command. The fifth piece taken to the rear was taken off the field by some men of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and was by them taken up the road about 100 yards. There they were forced to halt, not having enough men to move the piece farther. I at once sent some men of my command to assist them, and the piece was brought off successfully. I found it necessary, in removing the guns, to order the men to leave their muskets, as they could to work with them in their hands. Seventy-three of my men did so. When the last

