
gun was brought off, I went back to the left, to ascertain whether any more remained. I then found 8 or 10 of my men coming up the road, and ordered them back to gather up as many muskets as they could carry off. I do not think they succeeded in saving any. I was greatly assisted in bringing off the guns by Lieutenant Wilson, of General Hancock's staff, who acted with great bravery and personally assisted in removing the pieces. The following men of the Sixty-third New York Volunteers assisted in removing the guns: Sergt. James Dwyer, John Murray, John Coghlin, and Corpl. John Harvey. The following men of the Sixty-ninth also assisted: Sergt. Thomas Neelan, Privates William Lennon, Martin Morgan, James Quagly, and James Sheehan. The only man with the battery when we were ordered to remove the pieces off the field was Corpl. James H. Lebroke. He remained with his gun and assisted in bringing it off. This man acted with great bravery, and fired the last shot.

Respectfully submitted.

ST. CLAIR A. MULHOLLAND,

Major, Commanding One hundred and sixteenth Pa. Vols.

Captain M. W. WALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Irish Brigade.

Numbers 75. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alford B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry, Third Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment int he late movement of the army:

On the morning of the 28th ultimo, we broke camp at this place, took up the line of march, and crossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford on the evening of the 30th; arrived at or near Chancellorsville late the same night.

On the 1st instant, this brigade having been thrown forward ont he Plank road to a position about a mile beyond the Chancellor house, formed in two lines to the right of the road, this regiment taking position on the left of the second line, in double column. Shortly afterward, I was ordered by the general commanding the brigade to form in line of battle on the right of, and nearly perpendicular to, the first lien, pending which movement I received orders to withdraw from the woods, which was done, and, with the rest of the brigade, retired to, and formed line in front of, the Chancellor mansion, shortly afterward changing front, and forming line in the woods beyond and to the left of that house.

On the morning of the 2nd, the regiment was detailed to picket the angular line forming the connection between the Second and Twelfth Corps. During this day the enemy made repeated attacks in heavy force on this line, which were successfully resisted in every instance. Having been relieved in the evening by Colonel Morris, with the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, and a small detail of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania, I withdrew the regiment to the intrenched line and formed on the left of the Fifty-second New York Volunteers, which position the regiment occupied on the morning of the 3rd instant. On

