
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department, in anticipation of a full report, and as an evidence of the merit of Lieutenant-Colonel Funsten and his regiment.

R. E. LEE,

General.

LACEY SPRING, VA.,

March 27, 1863.

GENERAL: Inclosed please find reports of Colonels Dulany and Funsten and Major Brown relative to the parts taken by their respective regiments in the affair of the 26th ultimo on the Valley pike, from Maurytown to Newtown. But for the participation of the Maryland troops, these, with my partial report already submitted, wound suffice. Captain [F. A.] Bond, of Major Brown's battalion of Maryland cavalry, on picket near Strasburg, learned from a returning scout that the picket of the enemy near Kernstown could be surprised and captured. On his own responsibility, and without warning to headquarters, he went and was successful.

Five hundred hostile cavalry pursued him up the Valley, driving in my pickets, when Major Brown was near at hand with the remainder of his battalion going as a relief to the part that had been on duty. He sent me a courier, and followed with his command that part of the enemy's force, pursuing the pickets up the back road.

In the meantime the courier, passing the camp of the Maryland infantry, gave information, and Colonel [J. R.] Herbert and his noble men, without waiting for orders, seized their arms and flew to the protection of our trains in quest of forage about Woodstock. Their conduct on this occasion is worthy of the highest praise.

Major Brown, following up the enemy, fell in rear of the Eleventh and Seventh Regiments, which made the attack soon after the enemy returned from the back road, to the pike. I his pursuit he captured 6 or 8 prisoners, making in all, including the picket taken in the morning, from 15 to 20 prisoners.

The promptness of the Eleventh and Seventh Regiment in moving to the scene of action, and the impetuosity of their attacks, are more fully set forth in the results that they could be in my works. The willingness of the men and the strength of the horses are a whole volume in praise of the sound judgment and untiring industry, during the past rigorous winter, of Colonels Funsten and Dulany, and on this occasion both gallantly led what they had so well prepared.

To my personal staff-Lieuts. W. M. Hopkins, aide-de-camp, A. E. Richard and J. N. Jones, volunteer aides-de camp-my thanks are especially due. They were conspicuous in the front of the fight, seizing and using on the enemy his own small arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

3 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

