
this morning I received orders to withdraw rapidly and report my regiment to General Caldwell, which I did, and formed on the left of the troops then under his command. This provisional brigade was then advanced through the woods in front of the position afterward occupied by the Third Corps, under a heavy fire, and succeeded in checking the advance of the enemy in that direction. It was then withdrawn from the woods, and I was directed to rejoin my brigade, which formed the second line in the position occupied by this division until the withdrawal of the army from the south side of the Rappahannock.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. M. FAVILLE,

Acting Assistant-General.

Numbers 76. Report of Colonel Orlando H. Morris, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command in the recent movements of the army on the Rappahannock:

April 28, at about 7 a. m. the regiment broke camp and marched with the brigade, General Zook commanding, about 4 miles to the right of Falmouth, where the brigade bivouacked for the night. This regiment was ordered on picket near Banks' Ford, the line connecting on the left with the picket of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, extending along the bank of the Rappahannock about 2 miles, and uniting with the pickets of the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, Irish Brigade, near Banks' Ford.

In compliance with orders, immediately upon arriving on the picket ground I placed a strong guard upon two houses known as the England and Rawdon houses, with orders to allow no person to enter or leave either. The regiment picketed this line until about 12 midnight of the 29th, when, pursuant to orders, the picket and the guards on the Rawdon house were drawn in, the guards at the England house being left. The regiment then marched about 7 miles, and joined the brigade, about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 30th, near the United States Ford.

About 12 m. of the same day the brigade crossed the ford on pontoons, this regiment having been assigned the right of the line. The regiment then moved forward with the brigade about 6 miles the other side of the river, and, about 7 o'clock in the evening, came up with the Fifth Army Corps, where it bivouacked for the night.

About noon the next next day, May 1, heavy firing being heard in front, the regiment moved forward with the division about 4 miles, to a point near Chancellorsville, when the regiment advanced through the woods, having thrown out the right flank company, Captain Bartholf, as skirmishers; formed line of battle, and moved forward to a clearing ont he crest of a hill, behind a dense woods. Here the regiment took up position, and the left-flank company, Captain Davis, was sent out as skirmishes, with instructions to connect with the left of Captain Bartholf's company, for the purpose of covering our front. The line of

