
skirmishers of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, on our left, and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania, on our right, having subsequently connected with our own line, the entire line of skirmisher was moved forward to the edge of the woods at the foot of the hill, and to the brow of another hill immediately in front of the woods. Here the enemy opened a heavy fire of artillery upon our skirmishers, when, in compliance with orders from General Zook, they fell back to the edge of the woods, where they remained for about half and hour, when the enemy advanced upon them in line of battle, with a heavy line of skirmishers in front. Our line of skirmishers, according to orders, slowly retired in good order, firing as they withdrew.

The line of skirmishers having been withdrawn, I brought off my command in good order, by the right of companies to the rear, and rejoined the brigade, which formed line of battle supporting a battery in front of the Chancellor house. The enemy being driven back by the fire of our artillery, we were moved, with the brigade, to a woods on the left of the Chancellor house, where we formed line of battle, under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, in which position we remained until heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, in which position we remained until about 3 o'clock the next morning, May 2, when, pursuant to orders, we were moved, with the brigade, to our former position in front of the Chancellor house.

bout daylight we were ordered, with the rest of the brigade, to the left, when we took up position in the woods in the first lien of battle, and Company D, Captain McNeill, was thrown forward as skirmishers. About 10 a. m. of the same day,this command was detached to take up position on the Fredericksburg road and throw up entrenchments, connecting the line of works on the left of the Chancellor house, having the Eighty-eighth New York on our right and the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania on our left. Our position here was protected in front by a slight skirting of woods, and intended to secure a flank fire upon he enemy in case of an attack.

These intenchments were completed in the face of a severe artillery fire from the enemy on our left flank. About 9 o'clock the same evening General Hancock ordered me to report with my command to Colonel Miles, in charge of the picket line, which I immediately did, marching the regiment outside of the entrenchments down the Fredericksburg road to the picket line, where we relieved the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-second New York Volunteers. I established my line parallel with and a few paces beyond the road, fronting a woods occupied by the enemy's pickets, y left connecting and forming right angles with the Sixty-fourth, my right extending, in conjunction with two companies of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania, placed under may command, to the open field in front of the breastworks, where it connected at right angles with the Fifth New Hamsphire. The men, under my directions, threw up temporary entrenchments during the night.

At daybreak the next morning (May 3), the enemy opened a brisk fire of musketry along the whole line in front and on the left flank. The firing was maintained for upward of four hours, during which the enemy made repeated and determined assaults upon our lines; and was each time gallantly repulsed by our men, with severe loss.

At about 9 a. m., all his efforts to break our lines with infantry alone having proved futile, the enemy opened upon them with a terrific fire of artillery, but with no better result, every volley from the enemy's musketry and every discharge from his cannon seeming to give renewed energy to our brave men and to increase their determination to maintain their position at all hazards and against any assaults the enemy

