
Of the conduct in action of both officers and men, I cannot speak in terms of too high commendation; it was all that could be asked of the bravest. Cool, steady, and unflinching, even when knowing that fearful odds were against them, they showed a determination to hold their position to the last man. Where all did so well, it would be unjust to select any for special encomium.

From Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell and Major Nelson I received valuable assistance on every occasion. Their courage and services deserve my special acknowledgments.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ORLANDO H. MORRIS,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. M. FAVILLE,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.
HDQRS. 66TH Regiment NEW YORK., 3rd Brigadier, 1 ST DIV.,May 18, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with instruction received from the major-general commanding the division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations on the advanced line of eh division at Chancellorsville after Colonel Miles had been wounded:

I had, on the evening of the 2nd instant, reported with my regiment to Colonel miles, commanding the picket line, and established my line parallel with and a few paces beyond the Fredericksburg road fronting a woods occupied by the enemy's pickets, my left connecting and forming right angles with the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, my right extending, in conjunction with two companies of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, placed under my command, tot he open field in front of the breastworks, on the left of the Chancellor house, where it connected at right angles with a detachment of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers. During the night the men, under my directions, had thrown up temporary entrenchments.

At daybreak the next morning (May 3), the enemy opened a brisk fire of musketry along the whole line in front and on the left flank. The firing was maintained for upward of four hours, during which the enemy made repeated and determined assaults upon our lines, and was each time gallantly repulsed by our men with severe loss. About 9 a. m. Captain Davis, commanding the left-flank company of my regiment, sent word to me that the enemy were massing troops in front of him, and asking to be re-enforced. i immediately went to the point indicated, which I knew to be the weakest part of my line, and found the enemy evidently designing an attack, with a view to penetrate our lines at that point. At this moment I saw Colonel Miles riding down the road toward me and I stepped out to request that the left of my line should be strengthened. When within a few feet of me, this gallant officer was wounded by one the enemy's sharpshooters, and suddenly turning his horse, galloped back to the breastworks. I immediately assumed the responsibility of ordering to the support of Captain Davis one company of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, a detachment of three companies of which regiment I found placed in the woods, apparently as a support for my line, and subsequently, the firing being very heavy at that point, another company from the same detachment. The attack at this point was successfully repulsed, and, soon after, these two companies moved farther to the left and supported the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. Word was now

