
of the division, and reached Chancellorsville about 12 midnight, when we bivouacked in line of battle for the night.

On the following day, may 1, at about 11 a. m., I received the order of march from the general commanding, and, forming the rear of the column, marched down the Fredericksburg road to the hill beyond Chancellorsville, where by his direction, I formed on the left of the batteries, then firing, in the following order: The Twenty-seventh Connecticut and One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania in the first line, the Twenty-seventh Connecticut on the right, and the Fifty-third Pennsylvania and Second Delaware in the second line, the Sixty-fourth New York having been sent, by direction of the general commanding, to strengthen General Caldwell's brigade, on the right. After standing thus for about one hour, I received orders to retire to Chancellorsville by the road we came, which was accomplished in good order.

At about 2 p. m. I received the order to move down the Fredericksburg road at a double-quick, and form on the left of the road, which movement was accomplished quickly. My line extended into the woods on the right, two regiments forming the second line (the Fifth-third Pennsylvania and Second Delaware). I here, at the suggestion of the commanding general, felled trees and formed an abatis, which I afterward strengthened by a rifle-pit.

An hour before daybreak on the following day (May 2), I received the order from the general commanding to fall back from this position. I immediately marched to the rear,w hen I was ordered to form on the left of General Caldwell (this was about 150 yards in the woods ont he left of Chancellorsville). Here also I felled an abatis and threw up a rifle pit, and, with skirmishers well to the front, awaited the attack. The enemy was engaged feeling our lines all day, but could make no impression.

At about 4 p. m., the attack commenced ont he right (the Eleventh Corps), when our front was comparatively relieved from any vigorous assault by the enemy. At about 7 p. m., the general commanding directed me to send the Sixty-fourth new York to report to Colonel Miles, who was in command of the pickets.

During the night, heavy firing occurred, and, early on the morning of May 3, the attack on the right was reopened with great vigor. A large detail of officers and men from the One hundred and forty-fifth and Fifty-third Pennsylvania, and Second Delaware (271), under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary, was, by direction of the general commanding, sent to re-enforce the pickets. Up to this time my loss was very slight, although we were under a heavy artillery fire. This detail, with few exceptions, was either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners on the outposts. I have no knowledge of them, nor can I ascertain the true facts of the case from those who came off in safety. The detail, I understand, was divided by the commander of the pickets, and part sent to one point and part to another.

At about 8 a. m. the general commanding directed me to send the Twenty-seventh Connecticut to re-enforce the pickets. I sent eight companies, the other two companies being on duty at that time, and not available. This regiment was also lost, as I have heard nothing from available. This regiment was also lost, as I have heard nothing from them since. At about 9 a. m., our right was evidently beaten back. I received the order of the general commanding to move directly to my rear and meet the enemy. When I arrived upon the ground, General Caldwell's brigade was interposed, and I was ordered to occupy his old place in the rifle-pits. I remained there until 1 p. m. During this time the whole or a large part of the Twelfth Corps passed tot he rear, when,

