
by direction of the general commanding, I moved up tot he plain, near Chancellor's house, and formed line between two batteries-Pettit's on my left, and a brass battery on my right. Here we experienced a most destructive fire of artillery, many officers being killed and wounded; but the presence of Generals Couch and Hancock seemed to add to the veteran bravery of the troops; none wavered. While lying in this position, Chancellor's house took fire. It was filled with wounded, and, after strenuous exertions, the wounded were removed by a company of the Second Delaware Volunteers, Lieutenant Wilson, of General Hancock's staff, having charge of the party. It was in the execution of this duty that the veteran Captain McCullough was dangerously, and the gallant Lieutenant Jordan (both of the Second Delaware Volunteers), mortally, wounded. Major Patton, of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, was also dangerously wounded while occupying this position.

At about 11 a. m., I was directed to move off to the rear and form int he open field occupied on the night of April 30 as a camp for the division. While moving, the general commanding directed that I should send men and draw off the pieces of the Fifth Maine Battery, which were abandoned by the men of the battery. I sent a party of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, who drew off two of the pieces. They also drew one other as far as the road in rear of the position of the battery, when some men of another regiment took hold and drew it to the rear. After reaching the open field, I was shown by a staff officer the position wee were to occupy. I immediately took up the position. Soon after, the enemy opened upon us with a terrific fire of artillery, which soon ceased.

Nothing of importance occurred after this until the retreat of the army, which commenced ont he night of the retreat of the army, which commenced on the night of the 5th. I had the honor to cover the retreat of the Second Corps as it moved to the river. As to the conduct of the officers and men, I cannot particularize, as all the regimental commanders and their officers behaved extremely well and bravely.

Of my staff I can say that officers could not behave better; cool and efficient, they deserve the honorable notice of the general commanding. I have the honor to refer to the reports of the regiments for those details which are not here mentioned. i also forward herewith the list of casualties.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BROCKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 78. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David L. Stricker, Second Delaware Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Delaware Volunteers the late action at

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

22 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

