
and near Chancellorsville. Va., from the crossing of the Rappahannock to the return of the regiment to camp, near Falmouth, Va.:

On Thursday, April 30, nearly all the regiment was detailed to assist in laying the pontoon bridge, which work occupied them until 6 p. m. The detail was under charge of Captain C. H. Christman. I started with 60 men about 5 p. m. to cross the river, which I did about sunset. I then marched until 11.30 p. m., when I was ordered to halt and bivouac, the fatigue detail coming up soon after.

On the morning of May 1, I received orders to follow in the rear of the One hundred and forty-fifth pennsylvania Volunteers, and marched to the main road, along which we proceeded until we had passed the large brick house, when we filed to the left, and, after marching about half a mile, we took position ont he left of the road in the field; the battalion was then closed in column by division. We occupied this position for about two hours, when we were ordered to fall back near our first position, which we did, and formed line of battle on the left of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the edge of the woods, and remained there about an hour, when I was ordered to return by the same road, and took position in the woods, under directions of Colonel Brooke, supporting the pickets. In this position we sustained a heavy fire of shot and shell. At 11 p. m., I received orders from Colonel Brooke, detailing the regiment to dig rifle-pits ont he front line, which works was accomplished by 3 a. m. I was then ordered to take my former position supporting the pickets. At 4 o'clock, the regiment formed tot he rear and to the left, under the direction of Colonel Brooke, on the left of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Regiment. Company A was then, by orders of Colonel Brooke, deployed as skirmishers about 200 yards to the front. We then proceeded to throw up breastworks along the whole front of our position, joining the works of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers on our right and Brigadier General Zook's works on our left. At 11 a. m. I received orders to detail 135 men for picket duty. They were placed under the charge of Captains McCullough, Simpers, and Bird. The detail took position in the rifle-pits ont he left of the road.

At 1 o'clock, it was attacked by a strong force of the enemy, who were gallantly and severely repulsed, our detail sustaining the loss of 1 man wounded. The enemy continued his attacks at intervals during the day, but was repulsed each time. At 8 p. m. it was relieved, its pieces being fouled and ammunition expended. We remained behind our works during the night.

At daylight, I received orders to detail 75 men and 3 officers for picket duty. They were soon engaged with the enemy, losing 1 officer, Lieutenant E. Jordan, mortally wounded (since dead), and several men. At 7 a. m. the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers left its position on our right, and I was ordered by Major-General Hancock to move to the right and occupy the position lately vacated by the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers, detaching the companies and placing them at the most important points. At 8 o'clock, I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to move to the right and take position in the angle of the entrenchments where we sustained a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery from three points. I was then ordered by Colonel Brooke to move to the right about a quarter of a mile,w here I took position in rear of a large brick house, used as a hospital. Here also we were exposed to a very severe fire of shot and shell. Our loss at this point was 3 officers wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and a number wounded.

I detailed a company to remove the wounded from the hospital, which

