
had taken fire from the enemy's shells. At 10 a. m., conducted by Colonel Brooke, we moved into the woods in our rear, where we remained until 3 a. m. May 6, when I received orders to march to the river, which we crossed at 7 a. m., and reached our camp about 3 p. m.

My loss in the whole engagement was 4 officers wounded and 2 missing; 2 enlisted men killed, 18 wounded, and 34 missing.*

In conclusion, I would remark that the officers and men that I had the honor to command acquitted themselves with great gallantry and coolness during the entire action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. L. STRICKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Delaware Vols.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 79. Report of Colonel Daniel G. Bingham, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 10, 1863.

SIR: Concerning the operations of the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers from April 27 to May 6, I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders from Major-General Hancock, the regiment broke its camp below the Lacy house, where it had been supporting Battery D, Eighth [?] New York Artillery, and marched at 2 a. m. April 28, having been relieved by the Forty-second New York. Arrived at headquarters First Division at daylight, and was formed into the Fourth Brigade, in close column, by regiment, in front of the Second Fourth Brigade, in close column, by regiment, in front of the Second Delaware Regiment. The regiment marched at 7 a. m. with the brigade; halted at 11 a. m. in the vicinity of Banks' Ford. The Sixty-fourth was moved to a new position, and encamped for the night in a pine woods, the Sixty-fourth in front of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, and in rear of the Second Delaware, its right resting on a road. Two hundred men were detailed from the Sixty-fourth for fatigue, and were sent out, under command of Captain Glenny, to build a corduroy road toward Banks' Ford. The detail came in late at night.

April 28, at daylight, by order of Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding Forth Brigade, the whole regiment reported to headquarter First Division, as a fatigue party, and was conducted to the work by the engineer in charge, with the detail from the whole division (900 in all); finished the work assigned it, building a part of the corduroy road to Banks' Ford in a good, workmanlike manner, the logs being cut and brought by hand from a considerable distance. The Sixty-fourth reached its camp again at 1 p. m., and I was immediately ordered by Colonel J. R. Brooke to report with the Sixty-fourth Regiment to Major-General Couch. I did so, and was ordered by Major-General Couch to march direct to Hamet's Cross-Roads, hold that position until the rear of the wagon and ambulance train of the Second Corps should pass that point, then follow on toward the United States Ford, and go into camp with the Fourth Brigade, which order was executed. The rear of the Second Corps train passed Hamet's Cross-Roads at 5 p. m., and the

