
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of Maryland troops commanded by Brigadier General W. E. Jones, C. S. Army, for February, 1863.*

On the 14th and 16th, this command charged camp from the vicinity of New Market to within about 1 mile north of Edenburg; distance marched, about 17 miles.

On the 23d, companies A and D [First Maryland Cavalry] were placed on picket near Strasburg.

On the 25th, detachments of these companies, under command of Captain F. A. Bond, made a dash into the enemy's lines to within 1 mile of Winchester, charging and dispersing an infantry and capturing a cavalry picket of 7 men, besides killing and wounding several, an returning to their picket post about 8 o'clock.

On the morning of the 26th, the outposts were driven in by the enemy, who had pursued them from Winchester, and who then advanced up the turnpike as far as Maurytown, and to within 1 mile of Woodstock, by the back road. On being apprised of this movement, Companies B and C [First Maryland Cavalry] were ordered out, and the entire squadron pursued the enemy, on the back road, to Round Hill, where they took the turnpike and joined the other forces [Seventh and Eleventh Virginia Cavalry] in pursuit of the enemy to Middletown. The infantry [First Maryland] and the battery [Baltimore Light Artillery] were also ordered under arms, and advanced a short distance beyond Woodstock.

On the 28th, the enemy again drove in our pickets, and Companies A and D were immediately sent to the support of the other two companies. The infantry and artillery again advanced beyond Woodstock, but returned to camp at nightfall.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel R. H. Dulany, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, of skirmishes near Strasburg and Middletown.

CAMP MYERS, VA., March 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On returning to my camp from Endenburg, on February 26, I found my regiment had been ordered to mount and move down the Valley turnpike to meet the enemy, who were said to be near Woodstock in considerable force and coming up the pike. Lieutenant-Colonel [Thomas] Marshall had taken command, and had left, with 220 men, about fifteen or twenty minutes before I returned. I immediately starter to overtake the regiment, and, after a gallop of 12 miles, reached the head of the column, 4 miles below Woodstock. Here I met a courier from General Jones, ordering me to press forward, as he, with Colonel Funsten, had attacked the enemy, routed him, and was driving him toward Strasburg. After a forced march of 19 miles, we came up with General Jones Funsten at Strasburg, where the Eleventh, or rather what remained of it-the larger portion of it having gone back with prisoners as they were captured-had halted from sheer exhaustion. General Jones here ordered me to move forward rapidly, as the Yankees had halted and reformed on the hill beyond the town. When

---------------

* From the monthly return.

---------------

