
Sixty-fourth went into camp, with its brigade, at midnight. The heavy hospital wagons frequently struck fast in the mud, and it was necessary to lift them out by hand, causing great delays in moving the train.

Thursday, April 30, the regiment formed line, and was ordered to march at 8.20 a. m.; marched, with the Fourth Brigade, toward the United States Ford, the Sixty-fourth following the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; halted at noon with the brigade and division, where I mustered the regiment, by direction of Colonel J. R. Brooke-the order detailing Captain P. McCullough, Second Delaware, to muster the Sixty-fourth having ben countermanded; marched with the brigade and division again at 5 p. m. in the same order as in the morning, and reached the Rappahannock River form a steep, rocky bluff at 6 p. m.; crossed the river on the pontoon bridge to entrenchments on the opposite bank, and halted a short time with the brigade and division in the open field beyond; marched again a little before dark until 10 p. m. along a main road, the general course of which was south 5 degrees to 10 degrees east, and encamped with the Fourth Brigade on the left of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania, at Chancellorsville, fronting easterly, the right of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania resting on the main road.

May 1, in the forenoon I had inspection of ammunition, by order of Colonel J. R. Brooke. The regiment marched with the brigade at 1 p. m. the Sixty-fourth leading about 1 mile beyond the brick house, to the top of the hill along the road running northeasterly. The Sixty-fourth formed in the front line, at a right angle to the rad, the right of the regiment resting on the road. Immediately Major-General Hancock detached the Sixty-fourth, and ordered me to march the regiment across the road, deployed one-half of it as skirmisher, the remainder to form the reserve, and advance the line of skirmishers, the left to rest ont he road and the right to connect with Colonel Miles, of the Sixty-first New York.

I marched the regiment across the road, as ordered, and receiving additional directions from Major-General Couch and Brigadier-General Caldwell as to the position of Colonel Miles, and the point at which to commence the deployment of skirmishers. I was further directed to keep the reserve well sheltered behind a hill indicated. I deployed the right wing of the regiment as skirmishers, by the right and left flanks, ont he right of the right-center company, at a point indicated by Lieutenant Cross, of General Caldwell's staff, leaving the left wing of the battalion as a reserve, in close column by division, under command of Major Bradley, and advanced the line of skirmishers, in the expectation of striking the left of the Sixty-first with my right.

After advancing the line for a considerable distance into the woods, we came upon a line of skirmishers of the Sixth U. S. Infantry, of whose position or presence in that vicinity I had received no intimation. The Sixth Infantry fell back as we approached, and my line advanced a little beyond that occupied by the Sixth when first seen. I discovered that the road upon which my left must rest bore away to the left at an obtuse angle to my front, and I was obliged either to continually oblique my line to the left, as I advanced, or send a detachment to the left from the reserve. Not having discovered the Sixty-first yet, I sent a platoon to the left, to fill the opening next the road, as they should advance.

I sent Lieutenant Chace to the right and front, in quest of the Sixty-first. After being gone half an hour or more, he returned and reported that the had been over half a mile to the right and front, and could find nothing of the Sixty-first or the enemy. I then sent First Sergeant

