
[Edward T.] McCutchen, of Company A, to the rear and right, who soon found the Sixty-first some distance in our rear.

Colonel Miles brought up the Sixty-first as soon as he learned my position, his left considerable overlapping my right, by soon brought them into position on the right of the Sixty-fourth, so that the skirmishers of the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-first formed a single line. Our position was shelled at this time by the enemy, endangering the reserve, who were moved forward by Major Bradley so that the plunging shot fell in their rear. The left of my line of skirmishers had passed over the ground where there had been a skirmish; several off the dead lay in the woods, and the ground was strewn with knapsacks of friends and foes.

After remaining some time in this position, the line of skirmishers of the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-first and the reserves, by an order from Major-General Couch, were retired tot he edge of the woods, where the Sixty-fourth had deployed, and the battalion reformed and marched toward the brick house, conducted by an aide-de-camp.

As soon at the regiment was reformed at the edge of the woods, Colonel Miles detached two companies (A and C) from the Sixty-fourth to operate in rear as skirmishers. The Sixty-fourth was conducted as far as the open field, in front and to the right of the brick house, where it was left without orders. I halted the regiment; was soon joined by Companies A and C, and was then informed that Colonel Miles had also detached Company G. After waiting some time, with some anxiety, Company G came safely up. At this time an action was commencing in the open field, on the edge of which the Sixty-fourth was halted. i marched the regiment with as much celerity as possible, amid the confusion of retreating wagons, droves of cattle, and regiments moving to form in line, and joined by brigade as it was coming on to the open field.

The Sixty-fourth was then formed with its brigade int he second line of battle, where it remained but a short time, and was marched off by the left flank down the road we had lately come up, past part of General Sykes' command, to the foot of the hill; filed to the left, out of the road, into the wood, and were formed into line of battle, fronting north-easterly, on the left of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, and on the right of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, the right of the Sixty-fourth resting about 12 rods from the road.

By order of Colonel Brooke, I sent Companies I, D, K, E, and a part of G, under command of Major Bradley, to deploy as skirmishers, cover the front of the brigade, and advance through the woods to the front, to the top of the hill beyond, the right to rest ont he road and the left to connect with the skirmishers of General Caldwell's brigade. The line of skirmishers got into position a little before dusk. Major Bradley sent frequent reports as to the movements of the enemy in his front, which reports were promptly communicated to Colonel Brooke, commanding brigade. The enemy were in force in our front, moving at first to our left and afterward back tot he right.

We were shelled after dark, but without injury tot he regiment. one charge of grape or canister was thrown through the line of skirmishers of the Sixty-fourth. Picket firing commenced on our right, beyond the limits of the First Division, and passed around our front to the left of the Fourth Brigade. Although quite sharp, and the line of pickets or skirmishers well advanced, none of the Sixty-fourth came in. The skirmishers of the One hundred and forty eighth Pennsylvania, who connected with the left of the Sixty-fourth, broke and retreated, obliquing

