
behind the left of Company I (Sixty-fourth) until their right was nearly behind the center of Company I, and about 10 rods in rear. In this position, they fired at least two rounds to the front. Sergeant [James] Smith, of Company I, was sent to rally them and bring them up, but failed. After about an hour, Lieutenant-Colonel Broady, of the Sixty-first New York, brought them up to their former position.

About 8 p. m., I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to cut trees in front of the regiment and form an abatis; but the trees being scattering, a good abatis could not be made without cutting and bringing trees from a distance. The order was given to build a breastwork of logs and dig a ditch inside. Some intrenching tools were furnished, and the work in front of the Sixty-fourth was finished a little after midnight. An opening was left between the left of the Sixty-fourth and the right of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut for the skirmishers to come in if driven back. Logs were cut and laid alongside the aperture, so that it could be closed after the skirmishers should come in. In these preparations Colonel Bostwick, of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, and myself acted in concert.

May 2, at 3 a. m., I received from Colonel Brooke orders to march with the greatest secrecy and quite-no orders to be given above a whisper-which order was duly executed, the Sixty-fourth following the Twenty-seventh Connecticut. The skirmishers were not called in, the command of the picket line being under Colonel Miles, of the Sixty-first New York. The regiment was marched back to near the brick house, and turned to the right through the woods, and was formed into line on the top and behind the crest of a hill on the left of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania and one the right of the Fifty-third Pennsylvania, the Second Delaware being tot he left of the Fifty-third. The position of the Sixty-fourth was northeasterly from the brick house, fronting northeasterly. By order of Colonel Brooke, Company A, Captain Darby, was deployed as skirmishers in front of the regiment along the crest of the hill. We constructed breastworks and an abatis similar to that made the night before. This new line of defense was in rear of, and approximately parallel to, the other. The new works were complected by 7 a. m.

Companies I, D, K, and E, being relieved by a part of the Second Delaware, were assigned the space int he pits left vacant by that part of the Second Delaware sent to relieve them.

About dusk, Colonel Brooke ordered me to deploy the whole regiment as skirmishers in front of his brigade and parallel to the front of the new entrenchments, and advance about 600 yards to the front, and connect with Colonel Miles on the right. The regiment deployed by the right and left flanks on the right of the left-center company, and after the deployment was finished advanced straight forward, Adjutant Pettit being on the extreme right, to give notice when we should connect with Colonel Miles. The line was halted, by notice sent up from the right, and word was passed that the line was 30 paces to of ar advanced, and must be so far retired. i faced the line to the rear, and had marched it about 10 paces, when the order came from the right, "Sixty-fourth, double quick," several times repeated, which hurried the whole line back ont he entrenchments, which movement at the time was entirely inexplicable

