
to me. Colonel Brooke ordered me to deploy the regiment as before, and report to Colonel Miles.

The regiment having been deployed again, I went to the extreme right to find Colonel Miles, and found that the three right companies of my regiment (C, E, and F) were gone. I met Major Scott, of General Hancock's staff, who informed me that by General Hancock's order the Sixty-fourth was to march out of the woods to the right and down the road tot eh rifle pits in front; that he had taken part of the regiment down there already. As soon as I was satisfied that this change in the orders to the Sixty-fourth emanated from General Hancock, I marched the line of skirmishers out by the right flank and down the road to the front rifle-pits; was joined by Companies C, E, and F, and formed into the pit, in a single deployed line, the men 3 feet apart, the right of the Sixty-fourth resting on the road and the left connecting with a detachment of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania, fronting northeasterly. Company A, which had been thrown out as skirmishers in the early part of the day in front of the second line of entrenchments, did not follow the regiment.

I subsequently learned that Major Scott, while moving off Companies C, E, and F, without notifying me, and giving order to double-quick at the moment the center and left of the regiment were retiring, which was also in accordance with his order,w as the cause of our coming back on the entrenchments. no order to halt and face by the right flank was given or passed up. The regiment, through the whole, moved precisely according to orders passed along the line. There would not have been the slightest confusion had Major Scott notified me what he wanted the regiment to do. The regiment lay in the pits through the night, keeping a sharp lookout to the front, the line being under the superintendence of Colonel Miles, who made frequent visits along the line during the night, exercising the greatest vigilance. The enemy were busy in our front all night, moving artillery and troops. Orders to troops were plainly heard, and sounds of chopping and falling trees and owl signals were passed along their line in our front.

Sunday, May 3, a little before sunrise, we heard the order from the enemy, "Prepare for an advance," and immediately after a line of skirmishers appeared in our front, and, advancing with their peculiar yell, commenced the attack, and, after a sharp struggle of about half an hour, retired.

We were next attacked by a regular line of battle, extending along our whole front, with closed ranks. This line held their ground with the greatest stubbornness, advancing to within 5 or 6 rods of our breastworks. The men of the Sixty-fourth worked coolly and steadily, taking good aim, and but few shots were thrown away. After an hour's hard fighting, the enemy gave way and retired in confusion, followed by the cheers of our men.

Another line of the same character took their place, and the contest kept on. Our ammunition was being rapidly expended, and, as I believe, expended to the best advantage. i sent an urgent request to Major-General Hancock for more ammunition, expressing the belief that we could hold the work while we had ammunition. My men began to fall, killed and wounded, and it became quite hazardous for a man to show his head above the parapet long enough to aim with certainty. The line of the enemy last mentioned held its ground for about one hour, when it broke and ran, which called out another cheer from our side; but the respite was short. After a few minutes, the enemy advanced against us again in double column, closed in mass (for

