
the colors were in the center of the front sub-division of the masses.). One of the regiments int his line was the Sixteenth Georgia, whose battle-flag was brought up to within 2 rods of our breastwork and nearly in front of the opening left for the skirmishers to come in, here in before mentioned. This opening had been filled with logs, but no earth had been thrown against them, and no ditch had been dug. The abatis was also light, and no men behind it. This was our weak point. I was stationed at this point, which was to the left of the center of the regiment. The enemy evidently had discovered the place, and made a strong push to carry it. I ordered the two companies on the right and left to right and left oblique their fire, and enfilade the front of the opening, which checked the advance, but did not drive the enemy back. The colors of the Sixteenth Georgia fell twice, and were afterward places against a tree, when our men ceased to fire upon it. It was the regular Confederate flag-stars and bars.

Our ammunition was nearly exhausted. Some had fired their last round, and some had reserved the last cartridge for the assault. A few men from the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania now came to strengthen us. I scattered them along the line, and directed them to share their ammunition with us. They used the buck-and-ball cart-ridge. The ball being too large for the Austrian rifle, used by the Sixty-fourth, I directed the men to tear off the ball and use the buck-shot, which was efficient for such short range. A small amount of ammunition was brought to us by the pioneers of the Sixty-fourth, and Lieutenant W. W. Roller was badly wounded while serving it out to the men. Our fire slackened on account of the scarcity of ammunition; the men fixed bayonets, and were awaiting the assault which was momentarily expected, when, to the surprise of every one, the enemy rapidly fell back. One man of Company G, Charles E. Bingham, sprang upon the parapet, and, seeing 6 men outside, ordered them in as prisoners. They came over immediately and delivered themselves up. They were from the Sixteenth Georgia, and said that their colonel had fallen at the first volley received by the regiment, and was supposed to be killed. I dispatched Sergeant [Albert F.] Peterson and 2 men to the rear with the prisoners.

At this time (9 a. m.), the Sixty-fourth was relieved by the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, conducted by Colonel Morris, of the Sixty-sixth New York. After the Twenty-seventh had entered the ditch, I ordered the word to be passed to the right and left for the Sixty-fourth to fall directly back. The order passed readily to the left, but was not passed to the right, as I afterward learned.

The left wing soon came together, and, not being joined by the right, I marched back toward the second line of entrenchments, supposing that the right wing had filed out of the pit to the right and gone up the road. Lieutenant Miller, of General Hancock's staff, me us, and conducted us back to the second line of entrenchments, where I was ordered by General Hancock to pass on to the left, not having ammunition. I sent Sergeant [Simeon M.] Ingraham, of Company K (Sixty-fourth), back to find the right wing of the regiment and conduct it. I halted the regiment in the open field at Chancellorsville, and was then joined by the remainder of the regiment at 10 a. m., under the command of Captain Glenny, in good order. The regiment joined the brigade in the p. m., and was formed in the third line of battle, fronting southerly on the left of what was left of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut.

The casualties during the day were 15 instantly killed and 18 wounded. Among the wounded were Captain Darby, of Company A,

