
from crossing the river until the artillery had passed, i withdrew the regiment to a secluded ravine, and sheltered the men from the cold wind.

May 5.-Marched at 3.30 a. m. and crossed the bridge, between two brigades of the First Corps, by permission of a commander of a brigade. When we reached the top of the bluff ont he left bank of the Rappahannock, I was directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, of major-General Couch's staff, to follow a detachment of General French's division, the passing. Having definitely learned on the march that the troops were to proceed to their old camps, I conducted the Sixty-fourth to the old camp of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, and took possession of half of it (the Sixty-fourth not having and old camp, the Forty-second New York having taken our camp April 27). I then reported to Colonel J. R. Brooke, commanding the Fourth Brigade.

During the whole march, from the morning of April 28 to the p. m. of May 6, the commands of companies of this regiment deserve much praise for keeping their commands well closed up, having no stragglers on the march, and permitting no stragglers from other regiments to mingle in our ranks. This was particularly noticeable on the return from Chancellorsville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. BINGHAM,

Colonel Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

A. A. A. G., 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 80. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richards McMichael, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of this regiment in the late engagement on the other side of the river:

The first night after crossing the river (April 30) we encamped a short distance from a white house, afterward used as a hospital.

The next day (May 1), I received orders to move forward in rear of Thomas' battery, following it until we came near the brow of a hill on a road leading to our left from a certain brick house, used as a hospital, when I was ordered to pass the battery, and from my regiment in column of divisions on the right of the Second Delaware Volunteers and in the rear of the one hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. I remained in this position a short time, when I was ordered to move forward to the left and in rear of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers, and from line of battle along the edge of certain wood near a ravine along the left of the line. During all this time we were exposed to the shells from the enemy's batteries, but received no injury.

I remained in this position a short time, when I was ordered by Colonel Brooke to march by the flank to the rear, and was conducted to the camping-ground I occupied the previous night. I remained there but a short time, when I received orders to again move forward. My regiment immediately got into line, and we started for the front, conducted by Lieutenant C. P. Hatch, acting assistant adjutant-general of the

