
On the morning of April 28, pursuant to orders received the night previous, I joined the brigade at sunrise ont he parade ground near division headquarters, and marched dup the rive about 6 miles, when my command was ordered forward to build roads, working until dark. I then rejoined the brigade and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of April 29, I detailed 58 men, with 2 commissioned officers, under charge of Captain Reynolds, for a picket guard,by your order; also a fatigue party of 80 men and 6 officers, in charge of Captain Oliver.

At 2 p. m. the fatigue party under Captain Oliver having returned we moved forward with the brigade, marching until dark and halting in the woods for the night.

April 30, the picket detail, under Captain Reynolds, rejoined me. I receive an order from you to proceed with my command, together with 30 men from the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and 176 men from the Second Delaware Volunteers, to lay the pontoon bridges across the river. i reported to Major-General Couch, and received an additional detail of about 200 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Shreve, of the One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

I finished laying one bridge about 2 p. m., completing the work without opposition, and rejoined the brigade ont eh other side of the river about 11 p. m.

May 1, the command fell in, and, after remaining under arms about one hour, moved forward to Richmond Cross-Roads, filed to the left about half a mile, and formed line of battle. We then moved t the left into the woods, throwing out one company, under Captain Reynolds, as skirmishes to cover the front. After holding this position an hour, I moved to the right and relieved the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers, falling back soon after to Richmond Cross-Roads, where we formed line of battle at night angles with the road, with one company out as skirmishes, and awaited the approach of the enemy.

During the night the men were employed felling trees to form an abatis and building breastworks for the protection of the troops. The enemy threw a few shell, without doing any injury.

At 3.30 a. m. I received an order to fall back, which we did quietly and in order, forming line of battle a short distance in rear of our former position, with skirmishers out as before. We again intrenched and remained during the following day and night. Hard fighting commenced on our right about 3 p. m., and continued at intervals during the night.

May 3, I received an order from you to detail 166 men and 10 officers, in charge of a field officer, to report to Colonel Miles, Sixty-first New York Volunteers, for picket duty. I sent the detail, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCreary. In the evening of the same day, 61 men and 4 officers of this detail reported back, having been forced from their position by the advance of the enemy. They remainder of the detail during the action of that day. I also had 1 man killed, 1 lieutenant and 6 men wounded, and Major Patton received a severe wound in the left arm from a shell in the engagement.

About 9 a. m. I moved to the right, forming line of battle, with the left resting on the Richmond Cross-Roads, and supporting Pettit's and Kirby's batteries with the brigade. The regiment remained in this position, under a severe fire from the enemy, about two hours, and then fell back to the position occupied by it on the nigh of April 30. At dark I detailed 50 men and 2 offices for picket duty, and 15 men for guard duty at headquarters.

