
May 4, furnished a detail of 36 men for fatigue duty. During the day Captain McCreary, of Company G, was wounded by a cannon-ball. The regiment remained in position until the afternoon of Tuesday, May 5, and then moved forward with the brigade tot he line held by the Third Brigade.

At 3.30 a. m. of May 6, we moved with the brigade, recrossing the river in safety, and reached our present camp about 2 p. m.

I cannot close this report without referring to the gallant conduct of Private Erastus A. Allen, of Company I, who, while engaged in the fight on Sunday,, volunteered to carry cartridges to the men of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, who were destitute of ammunition and could not procure any. A box had been brought by some one and left at a distance from their lines. Private Allen, hearing the men call for ammunition, offered to take the contents of the box to them, and succeeded in doing so, although exposed to a heavy fire int he undertaking.

Reports of the casualties* and loss of arms, accouterments, &amp;c., in the regiment have been already furnished.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding 145th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN R. BROOKE,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 82. Report of Captain Rufus D. Pettit, Battery B, First New York Light Artillery.

FALMOUTH VA.,

May 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the late battle near Chancellorsville:

By direction of Major-General Couch, I reported to Major-General French, at 12 a. m. May 1, and followed the brigade of General Hays to a point on the Plank road, about 1 1/2 miles south of Chancellorsville, when the command returned to its previous position near the headquarters of General Couch.

On the morning of May 2, first section was detached by Colonel Morgan and sent in charge of First Lieutenant Sheldon to Scott's Mills, to report to the commander of the Irish Brigade; the remaining section wee placed in position near the headquarters of General French.

About 2 p. m. I was directed to relieve Knap's Pennsylvania battery, near General Hooker's headquarters, when I engaged a section of the enemy's artillery at about 2,700 yards, and obliged it to withdraw, expending 40 rounds of shell and case. Remained in this position until 9 a. m. May 3, when I was directed by Colonel Morgan to occupy a position in an open field near General Couch's headquarters, when Lieutenant Sheldon reported with his section from Scott's Mills.

At 10 a. m. I was placed in position by Colonel Morgan, at Chancellorsville, to engage a battery of the enemy, which at the time was enfilading our line of infantry. Within a very few moments the enemy

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

