
we reached the high ground Strasburg, we found the enemy had retire, and again formed 300 yards south of Ceder Creek. About 130 had crossed the creek, and, as near as I could estimate, about 250 had formed to meet us. As we came in sight of each other, they seemed to advance slowly toward us, but when we got within 200 yards, our sabers drawn, and the charge ordered, their hearts failed them, and, wheeling in beautiful order, they went at full speed to the brigade, crossed, and again formed to received us. As but 2 men could cross the brigade abreast, they could easily here prevented our crossing with their longrange guns, as their position was very strong and higher that the bridge. Changing the direction of our column, we crossed the creek at the ford, some 200 yards below the bridge. As soon as a portion of my command had crossed, the enemy again broke, not waiting for us to close with them.

Having rested their horses some ten minutes, and the advantage of a start of a long and steep hill, we could not overtake them until near Middletown. The race now became truly exciting. It was a helterskelter chase, the fastest horses in our column taking the lead. As we came up with the rear, not a man that I saw offered to surrender until driven back by the sabers of my men or shot. Some, finding we were overtaking them, slipper from their horses and sought refire in the houses along the road, and many had thrown their pistols away when captured. We captured about 70 prisoners-5 of them were too nearly dead to move or parole, and 2 others were left on the roadside, being broken down and unable to travel-53 horses, and a large number of arms.

At 1 1/2 miles beyond Middletown I had reluctantly to order a halt, as by far the larger number of our horses were nearly, and many completely, broken down, after a race of 26 miles.

Respectfully,

R. H. DULANY,

Colonel Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel O. R. Funsten, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, of skirmishes near Woodstock and Strasburg.

MARCH 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part which this regiment took in the affair of the 26th ultimo, which I would have presented at an earlier day had you not witnessed in:

About 11.45 on the morning of the 26th ultimo. I received a dispatch from your, directing me to move my regiment at once toward Woodstock, where a body of the enemy's cavalry was supposed to be, and which was distant about 6 miles from camp. A large portion of the regiment being on detachment service, and without taking time to collect a number who had permission to visit in the immediate neighborhood of camp, I marched, in a few minutes after receiving the order, with 120 men. Coming up with you about 2 miles below Woodstock, you informed me that the enemy were a short distance in front, and that, although their force was vastly superior, I might venture an attack. The enemy's position being ascertained by scouts, you directed

