
opened with three batteries in my front, one on my left flank, and one section in my rear.

This position was held until 1 lieutenant (Slauson), 3 chiefs of pieces ([Harvey] Cox, [Thomas] Coyne, and [Charles H.] Gates), 1 gunner, and 7 men were disabled 1 caisson destroyed, and 8 horses killed, when, having expended nearly 600 rounds of case and shell, I withdrew my battery, and was ordered by Colonel Morgan to the heights near the ford, where I remained waiting orders until 7 a. m. May 5, when I was ordered by Captain Best to cross the brigade, and from the heights cover the recrossing of the troops and the taking up the bridges, which was accomplished at 3 p. m. May 6.

Was then ordered to return to camp, near Falmouth, by Colonel [Alexander] Doull, to which place I arrived with my battery at midnight.

The conduct of the officers, the non-commissioned officers, and men during these operations was worthy of your highest regard. not a man absented himself, and it gives me great pleasure to be able to say that my orders were executed by all with promptness.

Hoping this may meet your approval, I have the honor to remain, as ever, yours, truly,

R. D. PETTIT,

Captain Company B, First New York Artillery.

Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Commanding First New York Artillery.

Numbers 83. Report of Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my division in the battle of Fredericksburg, May 3.

About 10.30 o'clock on the night of the 2nd, I received orders from the major-general commanding the army to take immediate possession of Fredericksburg. The Second Brigade, Brigadier General Owen, had already been ordered to Banks' Ford, and the First and Third, under command of Colonels Laflin and Hall, were in motion by 1 o'clock. Our bridge party was fired upon by the enemy in town, and considerable delay was experienced in throwing the bridges across, so that it was after daylight before the passage was accomplished, by which time General Sedgwick had possession of the enemy retired on leaving the town.

On reporting to Major-General Sedgwick, the division was directed to march to the right of the town, and made an attempt to turn the left of the enemy's works. As soon as this movement was perceived by the enemy, he commenced to extend his left to occupy the entrenchments, and opened on us with artillery from the hills. This fire was replied to by Brown's (Rhode Island) battery, posted on the right of the town, near Mrs. Washington's monument, and by Adams' (Rhode Island) battery (G), placed on the plain to the right. In this position the battery suffered severely, losing 3 officers and many men and horses, and was shortly afterward moved to the left, alongside of Brown's battery.

