
It being found impracticable to turn the enemy's left, which was found protected by a deep and impassable canal, running along the entire front, General Sedgwick decided to assault the center at Marye's Heights, where the works were gallantly carried by Newton's division, of the Sixth Corps, my batteries assisting with their fire. As soon as the heights were carried, I, according to instructions previously received from General Sedgwick, moved by the left flank into town again, under a heavy artillery fire, and joined in the pursuit of the enemy.

The division captured a number of prisoners, and afterward returned to the town, securing seven pieces of artillery, abandoned by the enemy, and took up position to defend the crossing of the river.

From the morning of the 4th, when the enemy again occupied his earthworks, until we abandoned the town and took up the bridges, Hall's brigade was almost constantly engaged in skirmishing with the enemy, and finally retreated to this side in most excellent order.

The loss in the division was as follows:

Command.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

First Brigade, Colonel Laflin	 ---	 16	 4	 ---

Third Brigade, Colonel Hall	 3	 56	 8 	 ---

Brown's battery (B), 1st Rhode	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Island Artillery

Adams' battery (G), 1st Rhode	 5	 18	 ---	 ---

Island Artillery

Total	 8	 90	 12	 110

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain J. N. POTTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

ADDENDA.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SECOND A. C.,No. 122. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 1, 1863.

Brigadier General Alfred Sully having reported to the general commanding the division that is was not in his power to enforce discipline in his command, he is hereby relieved from duty with this division. He will, as soon as the division rejoins the rest of the corps, report to Major-General Couch in person, accompanying the division in its march.

Colonel Hudson, Eighty-second New York Volunteers, will assume command of the First Brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Gibbon:

FRANK A. HASKELL,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 105. May 7, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. At the request of Brigadier-General Sully, U. S. Volunteers, a court of inquiry is hereby appointed to meet, at such time and place within the limits of the camp as the President may direct, on the morning of May 8, at 11 o'clock.

