
men from each of the four regiments of the brigade present, viz, Fifteenth Massachusetts, Eighty-second New York, First Minnesota, and Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, officered as follows: Captain George W. Ryerson, Eighty-second New York Volunteers, commanding; Lieutenant Huggins, Eighty-second New York Volunteers; Lieutenant James McCormick, Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant H. Bruce, First Minnesota. Captain Ryerson reported, as ordered, to the general command division, is person, from whom he received his instructions. Of the 25 volunteers of the Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, 18 were among the number reported as unwilling to serve longer than the 1st of May, 1863.

About this time, I was placed in command of the brigade, Colonel Hudson having been relieved. About 5 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant, I received orders to move my brigade, left in front, across the pontoon bridge at the Lacy house, which order was successfully executed.

I formed my brigade, in obedience to further orders, on Princess Anne street, my left resting on the right of Colonel Hall's brigade. I subsequently moved the brigade by the right flank, following Colonel Hall's brigade across the plain to my right, where a heavy artillery fire was opened upon us. When crossing the bridge over the canal, a halt was made for a brief time because of a halt in my front. I marched across the open field and took position, as ordered by the general commanding division, with my left resting on Colonel Hall's right, my right resting on the river. I threw out two companies, Captain Ellingwood, commanding, of the Fifteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, as skirmishers, along the road running up the hill at right angels with the river, who, while under a constant fire, ascertained that the enemy were in force in the breastworks. At this point I rested, awaiting further orders, which I received through Lieutenant-Colonel Huston, Eighty-second New York Volunteers, to march by the left flank back to the city, in rear of Colonel Hall's brigade. I then marched my brigade on the Plank road, and received orders from Major-General Sedgwick, through an aide, to form in line of battle on the crest of the second heights. This order was executed, and, after remaining in this position for some time, I received orders from the general commanding division to move my command back to Fredericksburg, and there received further orders to march across the river, as follows: One-half across the lower bridge, and one-half across the bridge at the Lacy house, to protect these brigades, as also to support the batteries stationed near them. This order was successfully executed before dusk.

I cannot close this report without commending in the highest terms the coolness and gallantry of my command. Of the whole brigade, but 4 are reported as stragglers. They all seemed eager to be placed in front.

I take pleasure in mentioning in this connection my staff-Lieutenant Levering, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant [Josias R.] King, aide-de-camp, and Captain Hale, acting assistant inspector-general; also Lieutenant I. Harris Hooper, adjutant Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, whose services on the 3rd instant I highly appreciate and commend.

The casualties in the brigade are as follows: Wounded, 16; missing, 4; total 20.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON LAFLIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

A. A. G., Second Division.

23 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

