
No. 85. Report of Colonel Francis E. Heath, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS, May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report relative to the part taken by my regiment during the late engagement:

The regiment remained in camp until the night of the 1st instant,when I was ordered to guard the telegraph lines from Falmouth to Banks' and the United States Fords; reached the latter-named one early on the 2nd instant, and was relieved and ordered to join the brigade near Falmouth on the 3rd; did so, and have since been doing grand guard duty. As the regiment has not been under fire, there are none killed, wounded, or missing. No public property has been lost or taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. HEATH,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant ANDREWS LEVERING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 86. Report of Major George C. Joslin, Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that at 11 o'clock on the night of the 2nd instant, I received orders to have my command in complete readiness to move at a moment's notice, with muskets loaded. At about midnight, the regiment took the position assigned it (at the head of the column), and marched to the rear of the Lacy house, opposite the city of Fredericksburg, and remained at rest until sunrise. The call for 25 volunteers for special service was promptly met and the men furnished.

Soon after sunrise, the regiment marched, left in front, across the pontoon bridge into the city of Fredericksburg, and stacked arms in a street running parallel with the river, and to the right of the city. From this position the regiment marched to the right, across an open plain, commanded by the earthworks of the enemy. The enemy now opened upon the column with their artillery with very accurate aim, but the men marched steadily and without disorder, although shells were bursting directly above their heads. My command marched as far to the right as it was possible to go, as a bridge, which crossed the canal at this point, had been destroyed. Remained in line of battle awaiting orders, the men having excellent cover. Two companies were ordered forward to fell the enemy, and, having discovered the position and force of the enemy, returned without loss, although several shots were fired at them.

Upon the evacuation of the rifle-pits by the enemy, caused by the success of our forces on the left, I was ordered to return to the city, and recrossed the before-mentioned plain, again under artillery fire. Marched through the city and to the heights beyond, just occupied by

