
on the river bank, when, the bridge being then removed, we were ordered back to the Lacy house, to cover the upper bridge, where we arrived at 11 p.m., occupying the rifle-pits at the bridge and the hill immediately in the rear until the next evening, when, that bridge having been removed and the town completely evacuated by our forces, we rejoined the brigade at this place.

Although not placed in such a prominent position as has usually been its fortune in the engagements, my command-officers and men, all of them-displayed the same steadiness and alacrity in the performance of its duties as has distinguished it under its former commanders, and, from the time the march commenced until the present moment, every member of it, except the wounded, has been constantly present for duty.

Aside from the heavy picket and fatigue duty performed by this regiment during the time above mentioned, three companies of it, viz, Companies B, C, and E, at the time detached, were instrumental in saving and conveying to this side of the river two pieces of artillery, with limbers and caissons complete, captured from the enemy, and which they removed under fire; also 400 stand of small-arms.

I cannot pass over the gallant conduct of 25 privates of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant Bruce, of Company F, who volunteered, upon the call of the general, to clear the way across the river at the point of the bayonet in case opposition, as was expected, should be offered to our passage, and who, being then detached from the regiment, were deployed in front of General Sedgwick's command as skirmishers, and were among the first to enter the enemy's works, and continued the whole day in the advance, killing, wounding, and taking numbers of the enemy, fortunately without the loss of a man on their part.

The total loss of the regiment during the engagement was but 9 men wounded-none fatally-while marching from the town to the enemy's left, at the river. The names of the wounded, 4 of whom are now present for duty in the ranks, are as follows: Corpl. E. P. Phillips, and Privates [Albert] Johnson and Reed, Company G; N. Guntzer, Company A; B. Fenton, Company E; A. Davis, Company F; R. Hess, Company H; C. B. Boardman and A. Shaw, Company K.

No public property has been lost or abandoned by this command since the march commenced.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. COLVILL, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Minnesota Volunteers.

Lieutenant ANDREW LEVERING,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 2nd Army Corps.

No. 88. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Beverly, Thirty-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 8, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received from headquarters, this command left camp at or about 12 o'clock on the night of the 2nd instant. On arriving at the Lacy house, opposite Fredericksburg, we halted, and remained resting on arms until sunrise. While here Colonel Byron Laflin was called to the command of the brigade, and I assumed command of the regiment. The

