
call for 1 lieutenant and 25 men as volunteers for special services was answered with promptness, and it is gratifying to know that 18 of the number were of those who claimed their discharge from the service the day before. At 6 o'clock, or thereabouts, the regiment, left in front, crossed the bridge and entered the city.

After filing into Princes Anne street, arms were stacked and the men allowed to rest. Not long after, orders came to move to the right. Our course lay over an open field, in full view of the enemy, and, as a consequence, we were greatly exposed to the fire of his batteries. Shell and solid shot burst among or passed through the ranks, but I am happy to state that but 4 men were wounded, and no one seriously. During this trying time every man, as far as I could discern, was in his place, and as cool and collected as it is possible for men to be in like circumstances. Reaching the right, a canal stopped our advance, and we halted near the river awaiting orders. Between 11 and 12 o'clock, General Sedgewick having captured the heights, I returned to the city with my command; passed through and went up on to the heights, resting at noon upon the second crest. While here I received orders to return. I again passed through the city, recrossed the river, and went into camp on the heights opposite. The command had remained here since that time. As before intimated, the loss is slight, numbering 2 slightly wounded, 1 severely, and 1 missing.

I am happy to state that I have no complaint to make of the conduct of the men, either on the march or while exposed to the enemy's fire. With the exception of the wounded and 1 man missing, all the command is present and ready for duty. I would state that I was most ably assisted throughout the day by Major Sponable and Adjutant Kirk.

I would also make mention of Lieutenant James McCormick, of Company H, the volunteer officer for special service. Though not under my special supervision, I learn that he bore himself most nobly and bravely during the entire day.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN BEVERLY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth Regiment New York Vols.

Lieutenant ANDREW LEVERING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

No. 89. Report of Brigadier General Joshua T. Owen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS, May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions received in the circular order from division headquarters this morning, I have the honor to report that there are no killed, wounded, and missing to account for in my brigade. No officer or man was injured during the late engagements. The only property captured was a black horse, by Lieutenant Seabury, one of my aides. No property of any description was lost by my command.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant FRANK A. HASKELL,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General

