
me to charge. I accordingly gave the other, and most gallantly was is responded to. The enemy just very just beginning to retire, ignorant of our proximity. Led by you, we dashed past their rear guard, who occupied an eminence near the road, and charged the rear of the column. So sudden and impetuous was the attack that every attempt (of which there were several) made by their officers to rally and form a line was unavailing. We pressed them hotly, using both saber and revolver with good effect, to Ceder Creed Brigade, a distance of about 12 miles, where a part of them made a stand. I halted the front of the column to close up preparatory to renewing the charge, my command being greatly reduced by the capture and guarding of prisoners, of whom the number already reduced by the captured and guarding of prisoners, of whom the number already taken was greater that with which I made the attack. At this juncture, Colonel Dulany, commanding the veteran Seventh Cavalry, came up, and, on the advance being yielded to him, most gallantly charged the enemy and completed the victory.

The enemy's force consisted of parts of the First New York and Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, numbering in all about 500 men. Of these about 220 were killed, wounded, or captured. Most of their horses and equipments and all of their arms were taken.

Of the officers captured, a Major [Martin J.] Byrne, who was wounded, secured his parole by declaring himself a private, under the assumed name of Brown, Company K, Thirteenth Pennsylvania.

The casualties in my regiment were 2 killed and 2 wounded.

I cannot conclude this report without adding my high appreciation of the gallantry of both officers and men under my command.

It is always a delicate point to discrimination among those who have done their duty faithfully, but I cannot forbear to mention Captains [W. H.] Harness, [E. H.] McDonald, and [F. A.] Daingerfield as eminent their gallantry.

Respectfully submitted.

O. R. FUNSTEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 7. Report of Major R. Brown, First Battalion Maryland Cavalry, of skirmishes near Winchester and Strasburg.

MARCH 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to make a brief statement of the participation of my command in the engagement with the enemy on February 27 [26] last.

On the 24th, two companies of my command (Company A, Captain Bond, and Company D, Lieutenant [William H. B.] Dorsey) were sent on picket near Strasburg.

On the evening of the 26th [25th], the men being anxious for some excipient, and having learned the exact position of the enemy's pickets, they determined to attack them. They started about 10 p. m.; 40 men from Company A, 20 from Company D, Lieutenant Dorsey; in all, 60 men, under Captain Bond. They arrived within 1 1/2 miles of Winchester, on the Cedar Creek road, at daybreak, charged through an infantry picket, receiving only a few random shots. At the junction of the

