
With a few individual exceptions, the behavior of the troops under my command was all that could be asked. Two companies of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment created a false alarm at night; fired into the Forty-second New York, and scattered toward the town. But for the prompt and judicious action of Colonel Mallon, and the good conduct of his regiment, this affair might have resulted very unfortunately. Major Rohrer, of the One hundred and twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was in command of these companies at the time of their disgraceful conduct.

Lieutenant McKay, of the Twentieth Massachusetts; Lieutenant Ferris, of the Nineteenth Massachusetts; Captain Ryerson, of the Eighty-second New York, and the officers of his party, deserve special and most honorable mention, as also the non-commissioned officers and soldiers who volunteered to cross in boats and cover the work on the bridge. Lieutenant [William H.] Walker, acting aide-de-camp, was severely bruised by a fragment of shell, but continued on duty. The officers of this brigade staff could not fail to do honor to their positions under my circumstances. Thomas Lindsay, brigade bugler, was mortally wounded while at his post.

Very respectfully,

NORMAN J. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 91. Report of Captain William A. Arnold, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY A, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY, May 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Battery A, First Rhode Island Artillery, left camp near Falmouth, on the morning of April 28, 1863, and marched to Banks' Ford; camped for the night within 1 mile of the ford.

April 29.- Marched for United States Ford, and halted for the night about 4 miles from the bank of the river.

April 30.- Moved at 10 o'clock toward the ford, and crossed the river in the afternoon with General French's division; marched about 4 miles in the directions of Chancellorsville, and camped for the night in an open field one-half mile from Chancellorsville.

May 1.- Moved from camp in rear of General Hays' brigade, and halted near Chancellor's house. At 2 o'clock was sent to the support of General Sykes, who was engaging the enemy about 2 miles from Chancellorsville, on the road to the left of the Plank road. Went into position to the left of the road, and expended 26 rounds of ammunition; 5 p.m., retired toward Chancellorsville, and occupied camp occupied in the morning. Horses remained in harness during the night.

May 2.- At daylight, moved one-half mile to rear, on road toward the United States Ford. Afternoon, heard fighting on the right; took position behind earthworks at night, and remained all night.

May 3.- At daylight, received orders to return to United States Ford and park near brick house; 10 a.m., ordered to the front; was not

