
wanted, and returned to camp near the ford, by order of Colonel Morgan. Horses taken out of harness; remained in camp all night.

May 4.-Remained in camp.

May 5.-Retired over river at 7 a.m., by order of Captain Best, commanding Artillery Reserve, and took position on bank of the river to the left of the ford. Spent the remainder of the day in masking battery.

May 6.-Remained in position to cover the crossing of the troops; expended 28 rounds of ammunition on the enemy's skirmishers; 3,30 p.m., ordered to return to old camp. Halted for the night 3 miles from camp, on the Warrenton road.

May 7.-Arrived at old camp near Falmouth at 10 a.m. The battery sustained no los of men or material; 1 horse died from exhaustion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. ARNOLD,

Captain First Rhode Island Artillery, Commanding Company A.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

No. 92. Report of Captain William Plumer, First Company Massachusetts (Andrew) Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 2nd CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 14, 1863.

Captain William Plumer, commanding unattached company Andrew Sharpshooters, would respectfully report:

That his command received orders to march at 12 o'clock on the night of the 2nd instant, and at 12.30 p.m. were en route for the Lacy house, where he was ordered to report. At 11 a.m. crossed the river as ordered, and soon went to front, where they deployed as skirmishers, and advanced about 2 miles, but without meeting any body of the enemy. Sent in 3 prisoners; were ordered back to Fredericksburg, and subsequently to the Lacy house, where they arrived about dark and encamped.

That the next day (the 4th), about 11 a.m., they were ordered to cross the river and report to Colonel Hall, who ordered them to the front to protect our pickets, who had been much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters, posted in rifle-pits, &amp;c.; that the enemy's fire was soon silenced, with considerable loss to him. At dark, the company again crossed the river, and encamped in rear of the Lacy house, where it still remains.

That he is happy to be able to add that his command suffered no loss, not a man being killed or wounded. He is also happy to bear testimony to the good conduct of his men, who well upheld their former good reputation.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM PLUMER,Captain, Andrew Sharpshooters, Massachusetts Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Division, Second Army Corps.

