
the enemy after marching into the woods about 75 yards, and gave them the first volley. The enemy broke and retreated in confusion after the men had fired 2 or 3 rounds, and we pressed them closely. After following the enemy about 200 yards, we discovered them in considerable force on our right flank, whereupon we changed front with the right wing of our regiment, and drove them from their position. We followed the enemy, and drove them beyond the Gordonsville Plank road, and out of their fortifications. On arriving at the Plank road (the left of the regiment extending across the road), we saw the enemy in large force in our front. Their artillery had an enfilading fire upon us, and their infantry appeared on our right flank. We fell back under cover of the woods, where we maintained our position until we were relieved and ordered back to the field from which we started.

The regiment was commanded during the entire engagement by our gallant colonel, John Coons. We captured two pieces of artillery, but were unable to bring them off the field, and we captured and sent to the rear 85 prisoners.

The officers and men all acted gallantly, and each one deserves to be personally mentioned. Major Houghton acted nobly, as he always does. Adjutant Bailey was efficient in all parts of the field, and had his horse shot under him while riding in advance of the line to see the position of the enemy. At 10 a.m. we were ordered to the left of the road, and took position where we were on the evening before. At about 12 m. we were ordered farther to the left, between the Eleventh Corps and Hancock's division, where we constructed breastworks. At 11 a.m. and 12 p.m. we were under a heavy artillery fire.

On the 4th instant, we remained in line behind our works during the day, being shelled at 5 p.m. On the 5th instant, our pickets in front had a spirited skirmish, but no general engagement was brought on. On the 6th instant, at 2 a.m., we took up our line of march for this camp, via the United States Ford, and arrived here at 12 m. on said day.

We lost in the several days' battle 7 killed, 50 wounded, and 7 missing. The killed and wounded were all on the 3rd instant. One killed and 3 wounded by shells on the left on the United States Ford road, and the others in the fight on the right. Two were missing on the 3rd and 5 on the night of the 5th. I herewith send a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. C. CAVINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Vols.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 96. Report of Colonel William B. Robertson, Twenty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. 24TH Regiment NEW JERSEY VOLS., May 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment from Thursday, April 30.

On the afternoon of this day crossed the river in our proper position, in brigade line, until the brigade halted near a large brick house beyond the enemy's deserted earthworks. We remained there about an hour. About 7 p.m. moved with the brigade to the front, arriving near

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.177.

---------------

