
Chancellor's about 9 p.m., where we halted and bivouacked for the night in an open field on the edge of the woods.

Friday, May 1.-Called the roll at 4 a.m., and remained under arms until 11.30 a.m., when we were ordered but to Chancellor's house. When near that point were ordered to return to our former position. At 3.30 p.m. I received orders that the men should eat diner and be ready to move at a moment's notice. At 5 p.m. formed line of battle on the edge of the woods, and orders were received that the men should lie down behind the stacks without unpacking.

Saturday, May 2.-Order was received to call the roll at 4 a.m., and men get breakfast immediately. About 8 a.m. we moved our position to the edge of the woods, on the left of the road, where rifle-pits were dug and abatis formed for 200 or 300 yards in front, the right of which connected with the left of similar works erected by the Second [First] Division, commanded by General Hancock' occupied these works during the day and night without any change of position.

Sunday, May 3.-At 8 a.m. this regiment, with the Twenty-eighth New Jersey, was left to defend the rifle-pits on the left, while the other regiments, of this brigade were sent to the front. We remained until about 8 a.m., when we were ordered to leave the pits, by command of Major-General French, and proceed to take up a position on the open field to the right of the general's headquarters. Almost immediately after the line was formed, we were ordered to advance into the woods and take up our position on the right of the First Delaware, and to advance as fast as it advanced. While in that position, the enemy drove in the One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, which occupied our right and front (it being flanked), when some of my men delivered their fire and broke. As soon as we got out of the woods we began to reform, and marched over to our old grounds, where we rejoined the brigade. We immediately marched into the woods to the rear of our former position, dug trenches, formed abatis, and threw out skirmishers in front, and remained here unmolested during the night.

Monday, May 4.-At 2 a.m. a general alarm took place, from frequent firing by pickets on our front and left. At 11 p.m. a heavy musketry firing on our left. Our pickets ran in, and we found it was caused by the line on the left of our brigade mistaking our pickets for the enemy.

Tuesday, May 5.-At 8 a.m. a very extensive alarm on our right and front. At 11.30 o'clock, our pickets ran in, reporting the rebels in force on our front. They failed to appear, however. At 11.45 o'clock, the woods on our right and front took fire and burned fiercely. About 5 p.m. thunder and heavy rain. At 9 p.m. received orders to awake the had orders that the men might stack arms and lie down behind the stacks; raining steadily.

Wednesday, May 6.-Still raining; left our line of works about 3 a.m. and marched back to the river; arrived at the bridges, recrossed the river, and arrived at our old camp at 12 m.

The aggregate loss of this regiment in killed, wounded, and missing is 36, a statistical report of which I have already forwarded you. I have also sent a copy to the office of the Adjutant-General, at Washington, D. C.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. B. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel S. S. CARROLL,

U. S. Army, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

24 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

