
Cedar Creek and Staunton roads they were met by a volley of musketry from a house, but it did not check them. They turned up the Staunton road toward home, riding down a third infantry picket. At Kernstown they found a cavalry picket of 15 men quietly warming themselves in a house. The house was instantly surrounded. They captured 7 men and 9 horses, and left several of the enemy dead on wounded in the house. They returned rapidly to Strasburg, bringing off their prisoners and captured horses with a loss of only 1 man missing. About 8 o'clock the outer pickets were driven in so rapidly and by such superior force that they had only time to get off their prisoners and make a hasty retreated up the back road, losing 1 man captured and 1 wounded. I had sent Company B, Captain [G. M.] Emack, and Company C, Lieutenant [T. J.] Smith, down that morning to relieve the companies on picket. They fell in with a party of Yankees on the turnpike; killed 1, captured 7, and or 6 horses. Having heard that Captain Bond was being pursued on the back road, i immediately started to his support with what men I had in camp (about 30), and sent to the two companies that were on the turnpike to join me. I follower the Yankees rapidly on the back road, but only got in sight of them as I reached the turnpike, and found the Eleventh and Seventh Regiments ahead of me. I followed in pursuit, but had no further participation in the affair. We captured in all 14 prisoners, with a portion of their arms, and 14 horses, with equipments. Lost 1 man wounded and 2 missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BROWN,

Major, Commanding Maryland Cavalry.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 26, 1863.-Affair near Germantown, Va.

Report of Captain John S. Mosby, Virginia Cavalry.

FAUQUIR COUNTRY, VA., February 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 26th instant I attacked and routed, on the Ox road, in Fairfax, about 2 miles from Germantown, a cavalry outposts, consisting of a lieutenant and 50 men. The enemy's loss was 1 lieutenant and 3 men killed and 5 captured; numbers of wounded not known; also 39 horses, with all their accouterments, brought off. There were also 3 horses killed. I did discovered by a vedette when several hundred yards off, who fired and gave the alarm, which compelled me to charge the in front. In the terror and confusion occasioned by our terrific, the most of them saved themselves by taking refuge in a dense thicket, where the darkness effectually concealed them. There was also a reserve of 100 men half a mile off who might come to the rescue. Already encumbered with prisoners and horses, we were in no condition for fighting. I sustained no loss. The enemy made a small show of fright, but quickly yielded. They were in log-houses, with the chinking knocked out, and ought to have it against a greatly superior force, as they all had carbines.

My men behaved very gallantly, although mostly raw recounts. I had only 27 men with me. I am still receiving additions to my numbers.

