
1 corporal, and 12 privates; wounded, 5 sergeants, 5 corporals, and 43 privates; missing, 4 privates. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 73. We captured 1 stand of colors and 68 prisoners, among whom were 1 major, 2 captains, and 4 lieutenants. On driving the enemy from his position, several hundred prisoners, previously captured by him, were enabled to make their escape.

Both officers and men of my command behaved in the most admirable manner. Where all did so well, to particularize instances of individual gallantry would, perhaps, not seem proper; but justice compels me to make favorable mention of Captain Jones, who was acting major; of Captain Grubb, who, after he was wounded, refused to leave the field; of Captains Laird and Dolbear; also Adjutant Wallace and Lieutenant Brophy; and I would respectfully them to your favorable consideration.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. CARPENTER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div.

No. 99. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, Eighth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the recent campaign across the Rappahannock by the Eighth Ohio Volunteers:

We broke up camp on the morning of April 28, and, with the brigade, marched to near the United States Ford, where we bivouacked for the night, and where we remained until Thursday morning, when my regiment was ordered out to picket three points on the river. The enemy appeared to have left, and our pontoons were put down, and, about 3 o'clock, the Eighth Regiment, preceded by a company of the Tenth Regulars, crossed the bridge, and, forming in line of skirmishers, passed through a thick wood, and came upon a pontoon train on the road from Chancellorsville to the ford. Here we halted, and were joined by the balance of the brigade, when we marched to near Chancellorsville, where we bivouacked for the night.

The next day (Friday), we were moved out past Chancellorsville, but returned before night, and formed in line of battle near a wood, where we remained during the night.

On Saturday, our front was changed, looking toward the river, and rifle-pits constructed along our line. Toward evening, our position was shelled by the rebels pretty vigorously, and my regiment was moved to the left of our line, where it remained during the night.

Early on Sunday morning, I was ordered by Colonel S. S. Carroll to support a battery near a frame house on the road, and near where Generals Hooker, French, Meade, and other officers had their headquarters. My men were thrown into barns, outbuildings, and behind temporary breastworks, trees, &amp;c., and which position we held something over on hour, when we were withdrawn, and united with the brigade. Soon after, I had orders to send Major Winslow, with the right wing, into the wood south of the road, as skirmishers, where he was posted for nearly an hour, when he was withdrawn by order of Colonel Carroll, and the regiment

