
men united to the brigade, when we were ordered to take a position on a line nearly at right angles with the road, and where General Sykes had been posted the day before. This line we fortified by rifle-pits and breastworks, and held until Wednesday morning, when we were, at about 3 o'clock, withdrawn to this side of the river, and returned to the camp occupied by us before the movement.

During the days of Saturday and Sunday we were within reach of the enemy's shells, and on Sunday 7 of my men were struck, but none very dangerously hurt. My horse was also struck with a fragment of a shell and seriously injured.

On Monday, we were subjected to occasional shots from the enemy's sharpshooters, in the trees in our front, and on Tuesday morning, about 10 o'clock, our pickets were driven in, but Captain Reid, of Company D, reformed them, and drove the enemy back to his works, losing 1 man killed and 1 wounded; 2 others were also wounded in our rifle-pits. I subjoin a list of casualties.*

All my officers and men behaved with great courage and coolness. Among the officers, I can mentioned Major Winslow, Lieutenant O. G. Daniels, acting adjutant, Captains Reid, Kinny, Lewis, Pierce, Gregg, Craig, Butterfield, and Nickerson as particularly conspicuous and attentive to their duties. My loss on Sunday was 7 wounded, and on Tuesday 1 private killed (Company D) and 3 wounded.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Ohio, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div.

No. 100. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan H. Lockwood, Seventh West Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 10, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders just received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Virginia (Union) Volunteers in the engagements near Chancellorsville, Va., commencing on the 1st instant:

On the morning of the 1st instant, our regiment, under command of Colonel Joseph Snider, was, with the brigade, under command of Colonel Carroll, in a field about half a mile north of Chancellorsville.

About 12 m. we marched with the brigade some distance toward Chancellorsville, when we were about-faced, marched back, and occupied the ground we had just left.

At about 6 p.m., by order of Colonel Carroll, we formed in line of battle in a field fronting the ground occupied by the Eleventh Army Corps, and the men slept in rear of their stacks during the night.

On the 2nd instant, at 8 a.m., we were ordered to a position on the left of the road leading from the United States Ford to Chancellorsville, where we constructed breastworks.

On the 3rd instant, at about 7 a.m., we were ordered to form in line of battle, which we did in an open field fronting the wood that lay between us and the enemy, our regiment, under command of Colonel Joseph Snider, occupying a position to the left of the Fourth Ohio and on the extreme left of the brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.177.

---------------

