
About 8 a.m., by order of Colonel Carroll, the entire line of the brigade was ordered forward, and, when we had advanced but a short distance into the wood, we met the enemy advancing toward us in large force, and, when in close proximity to each other, we opened on them with a volley of musketry that apparently shook the ground they walked on. We immediately charged into them, putting them to flight; followed them up, and slaying them as they ran through the wood, some of them falling dead, some wounded, while others of them threw down their arms, and, throwing up their hands, ran into our lines, and many of them fell upon their faces and lay still until our lines passed over them, when they would jump up and say they were where they wanted to be. In this way we ran them through the wood and beyond the Gordonsville Plank road into an open field, where other forces of the enemy were in their breastworks and redoubts, from which they had just removed their artillery, leaving piles of shells in their works. From all these we routed them, capturing and sending to the rear in all about 150 of the enemy, and recapturing or releasing a battalion of Zouaves, who had been surrounded by the enemy before we advanced, and capturing a stand of colors belonging to the enemy, which the Zouaves took possession of, carrying it to our rear, and claiming it as theirs.

The enemy in our front, seeing us occupy their first line of works, opened upon us with canister and grape and a heavy enfilading fire, and forced us to retire to the cover of the wood, where we held out position until ordered by Colonel Carroll to withdraw from the field, reporting to him in the field in rear of the wood, where the remainder of the brigade were ordered to form and replenish their supply of ammunition. From here we took position on the left of the road, which we had left the day previous. During the day we were moved to the left flank by order of Colonel Carroll, and took position at right angles from the one now occupied, our right resting and adjoining the right of the Eleventh Army Corps. Here we constructed breastworks.

On the 4th instant, in consequence of severe illness, Colonel Joseph Snider and Major Morris had to retire from the front, leaving the entire command of the regiment with Lieutenant-Colonel Lockwood.

At 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. there was heavy artillery firing to the right of our post, and during the day frequent picket encounters, but we succeeded in repulsing them and preventing a general engagement, which our men were anxious to have come on.

On the 5th instant, at 2 a.m., took up the line of march, crossing the river at the United States Ford on the pontoon bridges, arriving at this, our former camp, about 12 m. the same day.

Our losses, so far as ascertained, are as follows: 5 killed, 19 wounded, and 13 missing.* Among the killed, I regret to say, was Captain F. M. Roberts, one of our most efficient and worthy officers, who was greatly beloved by all who knew him.

I cannot speak too highly of the courage and coolness of the officers and men of my regiment. Suffice it to say they maintained their former reputation, won in many hard conflicts, for daring, bravery, and courage.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. G. REID,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.177.

---------------

