
No. 101. Report of Colonel Charles J. Powers, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 3rd DIVISION, 2nd ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to report the following movements and conduct of my brigade since Sunday, May 3, instant, at 8 a.m., when, owing to the wounding of Brigadier-General Hays, Colonel Levi Maish, commanding the One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel Willets, commanding the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, the command devolved upon me as ranking officer:

The command, which consisted of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Major Ellis commanding; the Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Willets commanding; the One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Maish commanding, and the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, myself commanding, had moved with the division from camp, near Falmouth, Va., Tuesday, April 28, arriving at Banks' Ford, on the Rappahannock, same day; moving thence to the right, we arrived in the neighborhood of the United States Ford.

Pushing forward the following day (April 30), we crossed the river at the United States Ford on the pontoon bridges previously laid, and, by a rapid and fatiguing march, went into bivouac about half a mile in the rear of Chancellorsville, on the Gordonsville road, at 10 p.m. April 30. During this forward movement, the command had been constantly engaged by details in the construction of roads, artillery approaches to the river, laying of pontoon bridges, &amp;c., and were much fatigued, but in the best of spirits.

On May 1, at nearly noon, the command moved to the front, up the Gordonsville road, passing through Chancellorsville, as I understand, under orders to occupy a position near Todd's Tavern, about 8 miles to the front of our right, the One hundred and eighth New York being designated as the advance guard of the moving column. After marching about 1 1/2 miles in this given direction, we fell back, under orders, to our position of the night before, and the whole division went into line of battle to the right of the opening occupied by the corps, and slept on their arms.

Heavy firing in the afternoon of the 2nd to our right front. The command was ordered to the front, near the Chancellor house at 5 p.m., to the support of Major-General Hancock's troops. No sooner in position, than ordered to move in support of Major-General Berry, Third Army Corps, to the right of Chancellorsville, on the Culpeper Plank road. Then the brigade formed line in the wood to the rear of General Berry's position, on the right of the road, a good half mile from the Chancellor house. We were under arms all night, but not engaged.

In moving to take this new position, the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers suffered in casualties (5 severely wounded) from the heavy artillery practice of the enemy. The lines to our front and to the left of the road were strongly engaged three times during the night, in all of which the enemy's attacks were repulsed.

On the following morning (May 3), at about 6 a.m., the enemy attacked in overwhelming numbers, piercing to our position and turning our right, which rested in heavy woodland, unprotected against the enemy's advance. This flank movement of his caused the Fourteenth

