
Connecticut and Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, after some severe fighting, to fall back, the lines in our front having already been routed. The One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers changed its front in good order, under a galling infantry fire, retaining its ground for above an hour, until relieved by fresh troops; ordered to form line in our rear. It was in this morning's engagement that Brigadier-General Hays fell, as did also Lieutenants [John] Hays and [John W.] Eckles, aided-de-camps; Colonels Maish and Willets, with many other valuable officers and men.

I have thus far assumed to sketch a narrative of the operations of the brigade-not in the nature of an official report-I not having been during any of this time in command, but only that I may the better submit my report, which follows.

That part of the command then under me, consisting of the One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the One hundred and eighth New York Infantry, moved back in good order to the opening originally occupied by the corps. Captain Candler, of Major-General Hooker's staff, instructed me that I should rest on the field, in readiness to engage again, if ordered. Afterward, when I had got my command together, orders from the major general commanding the division were received to the same effect. The brigade was soon afterward moved, by order, and formed second line in support of rifle-pits on the left of the position assumed by the army, our left resting on the pits occupied by the Eleventh Army Corps, and our immediate front being the pits occupied by the First Brigade, Colonel Carroll commanding. The position was retained unmolested and without any active operations until the night of the 5th, or the morning of the 6th, instant, when, at about 3 a.m., the command was moved back across the river, recrossing at the United States Ford, making thence by the Berea Church road and Warrenton turnpike to our old camp, where the brigade now lies.

Nothing could have been more admirable than the conduct of the officers and men in this trying campaign, and it would be invidious for me to distinguish the relative merits of individuals or the different corps composing the command.

The list of casualties, heretofore forwarded and now in your possession, forms a part of this report. To recapitulate, the loss in this brigade stands as follows:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.

General officers	 ---	 1	 1

General staff officers	 ---	 1	 2

Regimental officers	 1	 14	 2

Enlisted men	 25	 225 	 49

Total*	 26	 241	 54

Accompanying are official reports of regimental commanders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. POWERS,

Colonel 108th New York Volunteers, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

