
No. 102. Report of Major Theodore G. Ellis, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following particulars respecting the part taken by the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers in the late action near Chancellorsville, Va.:

This regiment crossed the Rappahannock with the Second Army Corps, near the United States Ford, on the evening of April 30, and at once proceeded to camp, near Chancellorsville.

The next day, we were advanced about three-quarters of a mile southeast from the Chancellor house, but were immediately returned to camp, where we remained the rest of the day. In the evening, this regiment was formed in line of battle on the extreme right, and threw out pickets for the night.

We were relieved on the morning of the 2nd, and returned to the camp previously occupied. About sundown on the 2nd, we were advanced to the front, and formed to the left of the Gordonsville road, near the Chancellor house. From this position we were moved along the Plank road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, and formed in line of battle facing to the southwest, on the right of the road. This regiment was on the right of the brigade in the second line of battle, and was unsupported on the right.

This position was somewhat altered during the night, but was substantially that occupied on the morning of the 3rd.

About sunrise on the morning of the 3rd instant, the first line of battle having been forced by a terrific assault by the enemy, this regiment became engaged, the enemy appearing on our front and right flank almost simultaneously. We were forced to retire, principally on account of there being no troops on our right to prevent the enemy, who had engaged the front line on our right, from passing through the unoccupied interval and attaining our rear. After withdrawing, this regiment, joined to the remainder of the brigade, was placed behind rifle-pits, to the left.

Here we remained from the evening of the 3rd until the morning of the 6th, being occasionally under a slight fire, but meeting with no loss.

About 2 a.m. on the 6th, this regiment was withdrawn and recrossed the river to this camp.

Our loss in the engagement was as follows:

Wounded.	Missing.

Commissioned officers	 3	 2

Enlisted men	 34	 17

Total 	 37	 19

Total wounded and missing	 ---	 56

The strength of the regiment on the morning of the 3rd was 219.

Very respectfully,

THEO. G. ELLIS,

Major, Commanding Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain J. P. POSTLES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

