
No. 104. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pierce, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 108TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., May 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the One hundred and eighth Regiment New York Volunteers during the recent campaign:

The regiment broke camp on April 28, and marched to Banks' Ford.

On the 29th, in constructed two approaches to the river for artillery or pontoons, after which it marched to the United States Ford.

On the 30th, crossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford and marched to Chancellorsville, where it remained during the 30th and May 1.

On the 2nd and 3rd, it was engaged, and acquitted itself creditably. Colonel Powers, by reason of seniority, assumed command of the brigade in the morning of the 3rd, since which time I have been in command of the regiment. It was in the second line, to support the First Brigade of this division, until the evening of the 5th, when it received orders to recross the river. The crossing was accomplished without casualty, and the regiment reached its present camp at 4 p.m. of the 6th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,F. E. PIERCE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding One hundred and eighth New York Vols.

Captain J. P POSTLES,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division.

No. 105. Report of Major Joseph S. Jenkins, One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 130TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following movements of this regiment during the late campaign:

We left our present camp at 7 a.m., April 28, and bivouacked about 2 1/2 miles up the river.

On the afternoon of the 29th, we resumed the march, and encamped in the evening, but at 9 p.m. were ordered on picket.

On the 30th, we again took up the line of march, and crossed the Rappahannock about 6 p.m., and encamped about 6 miles, on the south side of the river.

May 1, our brigade advanced about 1 mile beyond Chancellorsville, when we were ordered to fall back to our old position, but subsequently were moved some half a mile to the right, and remained in line of battle during the night.

On the morning of May 2, we moved back to the road near General Couch's headquarters, and remained in line until 6 p.m., when the brigade was ordered forward, and formed line in the wood to the left of General Hooker's headquarters. From this we moved to the right of the road, under a heavy artillery fire, in which 1 officer and several men were wounded.

