
If you would let me some of the dismounted men of the First Cavalry, I would undertake to mount them. I desire some written instructions from you with reference to expedition of products within the enemy's lines. I wish the bearer of this to bring back some ammunition, also some large-size envelopes and blank paroles.

I have failed to mention the fact that the enemy pursued me as far as Middleburg without accomplishing anything.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY.

FEBRUARY 27-28, 1863.-Scout from Centreville to Falmouth, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 2.-Colonel George Gray, Sixth Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, according to orders received from headquarters Department of Washington of Washington, I marched from Centreville at 6 a. m., February 27 having been detained the day previous awaiting the arrival of the Michigan cavalry and by the bridge over Bull Run being partially destroyed.

The orders I received were to move toward Catlett's and Rappahannock Station, for the purpose of intercepting the enemy; but the flooded state of the streams obliged me to go around by Warrenton, where I met small squad of the enemy's cavalry, who dispersed after exchange in a few shots with my advance.

From Warrenton I took the Post road toward Falmouth, and encamped for the night on the line of railway at Licking Creek, which was so high as to prevent our fording it. Shortly after halting at the above place, I noticed squads and vedettes of the enemy on the opposite side of the creek.

On the morning of the 28th, the water having fallen, and having obtained information that there was a force of the enemy at Eld Run and Spottedville, I marched immediately in that direction. I learned on the road that the main force of the enemy had already crossed the Rappahannock, taking with them 100 prisoners.

My forage having given out, the Michigan cavalry not having brought any with them, and being a short distance from Falmouth, I thought it advisable to go there to supply my command.

I captured 7 prisoners, and, from all information gained, I learned that it had been the intention of Stuart of making a raid with a large force in the rear of the Army of the Potomac, but the river having been so high, only a portion of his command, between 600 and 800 men, crossed, under command of Fietzhugh Lee.

