
After getting into position on the left of the brigade, we remained there until the next morning, May 3, when the right of the brigade was engaged, but the One hundred and thirtieth had no opportunity of firing, in consequence of a line in front of us. While in this position, Colonel Maish, commanding the regiment, and some 15 men, were wounded, when I assumed command.

Finding some firing in the rear of our right, I went to Colonel Powers, commanding the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, to inquire the cause, but could not obtain information. Having no opportunity to confront the enemy where we were, I changed the direction, and engaged him for about fifteen minutes, during which several men were wounded, when the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers passed to the rear, and I, having no orders, followed with my regiment to the old position, near General Couch's headquarters, where we remained until about noon, when the enemy shelled us, wounding several more men.

From here we moved into the wood to the left of the Second Corps hospital, and remained in that position, under an occasional fire, in which a few were wounded, until about 2 a.m., May 6, when we were ordered to move and recross the Rappahannock at daylight, arriving in this camp soon after noon.

Respectfully,

JOS. S. JENKINS,

Major, Commanding 130th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. P. POSTLES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 106. Report of Lieutenant Nelson Ames, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, during the late engagement of the Army of the Potomac, on the 2nd and 3rd instant, my battery occupied a number of different positions, but without being actively engaged until the afternoon of the 3rd.

On the evening of the 2nd, when our lines were driven in, I immediately formed my battery to the right of the hospital, in the road leading from Chancellorsville to the United States Ford. After vainly endeavoring to learn by inquiry what troops, if any, were in my front, I dispatched First Lieutenant McClellan to the front on a hazardous expedition, to try and find our whether we had any troops on a hazardous expedition, to try and find out whether we had any troops in front or not. He proceeded for about a quarter of a mile without finding any pickets in my immediate front, but found General Sykes' division in line of battle about 1,000 yards to my left and front. Apprehending that the enemy might try and surprise the battery under cover of the darkness, I mounted a heavy guard, under command of a commissioned officer, to prevent a surprise during the night.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of artillery, Second Army Corps, to fall back to the United States Ford. Shortly after arriving at the ford, I was again ordered to the front; but, upon again appearing at the front, I received

