
orders to return again to the ford, as there was no position for the battery. Shortly after getting to the rear, I received orders from Colonel Wainwright, who commanded the artillery in the absence of General Hunt, to move to the front as soon as possible, to relieve Battery K, of the First Ohio Artillery. Shortly after getting into position, the enemy advanced in line of battle, when I opened fire with my whole battery with spherical case, with caused the enemy to fall back. About this time I received an order from Captain Weed to detach one section of the battery to take position in front of the hospital. I accordingly ordered Lieutenant McClellan to report to Captain Weed, with the left section, retaining with me the right and center sections, under command of Lieutenants [James B.] Hazelton and Goff. The left section remained in front of the hospital until the evening of the 5th instant, when the whole battery withdrew from the works, recrossed the river, and arrived in the old camp at 10 a.m. of the 6th instant, without the loss of one man or animal. The loss in material is very trifling.

In conclusion, I cannot say too much for the conduct of both officers and men during the whole time, both on the march and while under fire.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. AMES,

Lieutenant First New York Light Artillery, Commanding Company G.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, French's Division, Second Army Corps.

No. 107. Report of Colonel Charles Albright, One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, May 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following official report of the part taken by this brigade in the series of actions which occurred in the vicinity of Chancellorsville from the 1st to the 6th of May, 1863, inclusive:

On the evening of April 27, an order was received to be in readiness to march at an early hour the next day. Everything was prepared and the wagons packed before daylight. On the morning of the 28th, an order was received from Major-General French, commanding the division, to march to the Falmouth road. The brigade remained bivouacked on an opening in the wood near Banks' Ford until 2 p.m. on the 29th, when the march resumed, and the troops halted for the night about 5 miles from the United States Ford.

On the morning of the 30th, at 9 a.m., we took up the line of march for the United States Ford, where the brigade crossed at 7 p.m., and continued the march to near Chancellorsville, where it arrived at 12 midnight.

On the morning of May 1, an order was received from General French for the brigade to fall in under arms. The Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers was here assigned to special duty as a guard to the corps hospital located at this spot. The brigade, which then comprised the First Regiment Delaware Volunteers and the One hundred and thirty-

