
very near occurring. The enemy appeared on the right of my command, but they were prevented from turning our rear by the timely precaution of Colonel Smyth, of the First Delaware, who changed front to the rear on his tenth company. I was careful that this was done without confusion, and, crossing the plain between the wood and hospital, again occupied the line formerly held by my command, where the men's knapsacks were left. The brigade was no sooner on this line than I was directed by an officer to move my command by the right flank, at double-quick, to unmask the batteries, as they were about to open. I marched the command across the road, and took position as directed by General French, through Major Norvell, assistant adjutant-general, with orders to construct rifle-pits. Before this could be commenced, however, the enemy's batteries opened on us with shell, wounding Major Daniel Woodall First Delaware, and a few men. I received an order then to march my command into the wood on my right, where it was assigned a position to support Colonel Carroll, commanding the First Brigade. I at once had the roll called and casualties ascertained. I received an order to fill up to the usual amount of ammunition, and sent details to draw the required ammunition.

On the evening of the 4th, an attack was made on our line, andour position in the wood shelled. I had the command immediately under arms, and the men sustained the fire with great fortitude. Captain Hall, One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and 3 men of my command, were wounded by this fire. On the morning of the 5th, the enemy made another attack on our front of the line. As the command was exposed to a fire of musketry, without the satisfaction of returning it, I directed the men to collect the scattered logs and lay them in front, and after the action was over had it turned into a breastwork.

At 8 p.m. on the 5th, I received an order to prepare the brigade to march at 10.30 p.m., without noise. At the appointed time, my command was in line and ready to move. At 3 a.m. on the 6th, the command marched to the United States Ford and recrossed the bridge; 7 p.m., found the brigade on its old camp ground, rectifying the confusion occasioned by the week's active service. The losses of the brigade were as follows: First Regiment Delaware Volunteers, 6 men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 38 men wounded, and 10 missing; total, 55. One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers wounded, 2 men killed and 40 wounded and 1 man missing; total, 44; aggregate, 99.

The conduct of both the First Delaware and One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Regiments was splendid, and too much credit cannot be bestowed upon the officers and men for their gallant conduct displayed in this action. I cannot close this report without thanking Lieutenant William P. Seville, assistant adjutant-general, Captain H. F. Chew, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant D. R. Mellick, aide-de-camp, for their very efficient and able services. I wish particularly to call your attention to Lieutenant Seville; he is an excellent officer, brave and cool in danger, and I earnestly recommend him for promotion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel 132nd Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

