
march, being obliged to come the first 4 miles through a dense woods, the roads being reserved for the wagon trains, I at last, about dark, arrived with my entire herd, having lost none on the way, at our present headquarters.

And here, before bringing this hastily written narrative of events to a close, I wish to express my gratification at the manner all of the brigade commissaries performed their duties, and to render them thanks for their cordial efforts in assisting me to keep the troops of this corps supplied with food under such difficult circumstances. During the eight days we were absent from our present camps, circumstances arose of such a character that many commands were obliged to throw away the rations they had received, and during the eight days there were upon an average thirteen days' rations issued. This extraordinary demand was, of course, not anticipated, and the labors of the commissaries were proportionately increased; but during all the time the troops, so far as I have been able to ascertain, were fully supplied with food.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. WOODS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Third Army Corps.

Major General D. E. SICKLES,

Commanding Third Army Corps.

Numbers 110. Report of Surg. Thomas Sim, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Medical Director's Office, May 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the sanitary condition of the Third Corps has been much improved during the past month. The condition of the camps and hospital may be considered as satisfactory. The cooking arrangements, police, and personal cleanliness of the men have been better attended to than ever before, and the medical officers seems to have awakened to a sense of the responsibilities of their positions, and have labored with a zeal and energy truly commendable.

During the latter part of April, 1 felt confident in pronouncing the Third Corps in good fighting condition, and the events of the past week have proved it. During the month, orders to march were daily expected. [They were received April 27.] Requisitions had been made for every needful supply. The convalescents, or those unable to march, as well as the sick, had been comfortably provided for in our corps hospital at Potomac Creek. The details had been made for the division operating staffs, &amp;c. [see document marked A*], and each medical officer had received definite instructions relative to his particular duties on the field. In short, everything was ready, as far as the medical staff was concerned, for the coming conflict.

We left camp, in pursuance of orders, April 28, in the afternoon.

With the order to march came the notification that no ambulances or hospital wagons would be allowed to accompany the troops. A change in the programme was necessary, to supply the deficiency of transportation. I gave direction that the pack-mules and panniers belonging to the medical department of the corps should be placed at the disposal

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

