
May 20-26, 1863.-Operations in the Northern Neck and in Middlesex 			Country, Va.

22, 1863.-Major General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, assumes 		command of the Second Army Corps.

Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, assumes command of the 		Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac.

23, 1863.-Skirmish at Warrenton, Va.

Skirmish at Wenst Creek, W. Va.

27-29, 1863.-Scout from Snicker's Ferry to Aldie, Fairfax Court-House, and 		Leesburg, Va.

30, 1863.-Army of Northern Virginia reorganized into three army corps, 		Lieutenant Gens. Richmond S. Ewell and Ambrose P. Hill being assigned, 		respectively, to command of the Second and Third Corps; Lieutenant-General 	Longstreet retaining command of the First Skirmish near Green which, Va.

31, 1863.-Skirmish at Warrenton, Va.

Juno 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Snicker's Gap, Va.

2, 1863.-Skirmish at Upperville, Va.

Skirmish at Strasburg, Va.

3, 1863.-Skirmish near Fayetteville, W. Va.

JANUARY 26, 1863.-Skirmish at Grove Church, near Morrisville, Va.

Report of Colonel Louis P. Di Cesnola, Fourth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 26, 1863-7.45 p. m.

GENERAL: Colonel Di Cesnola sends the following report from Allcock's:

The various scouting I sent out this morning toward Elk Run, the Rappahannock fords, &amp;c., have been attacked by the enemy this side of the river. I have re-enforced my men at all points, and have advised General Schurz, at Hartwood, of the state of affairs, and shall send further reports to him. Several opinion is that having heard of our daily foraging parties, the enemy has sent out forces to intercept them. in consequence of the want of forage, I am compelled to send out quite a force every day, but they are well armed and officered. Should the enemy appear in force, I will immediately report to General Schurz, as ordered.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff.

(Repeated by Butterfield to Hooker, at Washington, January 27.)

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 28, 1863.

SIR: Colonel Di Cesnola reports that the troops of the enemy who crossed at Kelly's Ford consisted of 300 infantry, and that another party, 170 strong, came down from Bristersburg. After some skirmishing, these parties retired, the first toward Ellis' Ford, where they recrossed, and the other toward Catlett's. The enemy lost 3 in killed and several wounded. There of our men were wounded, of whom one died. All quiet in that direction.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

