
was said to be 96 miles. The time occupied was less than thirty hours, allowing for halt at Bull Run Friday morning, and including about twelve hours' halt on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Friday night.

The road, after leaving Warrenton, was in the worst possible condition. A very heavy snow, which had fallen previous to our march, was disappearing, saturating the ground. Frequent rains contributed to make the roads bad and the march laborious, notwithstanding which, the march from Warrenton to Falmouth Station was with as great rapidity as over any other portion of the route. On Saturday morning we marched 25 miles without any halt.

Soon after our arrival act Falmouth Station, the command of the entire force was turned over to me temporarily by Colonel Wyndham, but not until he had arranged to supply the command with rations and forage.

On Sunday, I received a written communicate from Colonel Wyndham, dated "Headquarters Army of the Potomac, March 1, 1863," informing me that his resignation having been accepted, I was in command of the force. At midnight, I received another note from Colonel Wyndham, stating that the order accepting his resignation was revoked, and that he resumed command, and ordering me to be in readiness to march at 6.30 next morning. This note was accompanied by an official copy of the ordered of Major-General Heinzelman, revoking the acceptance of Colonel Wyndham's resignation.

On Monday morning, about 7.30, the march was resumed, under command of Colonel Wyndham, we again in the rear. We proceeded to Stafford Court-House, and there halted and fed our horses. Thence we marched by a circuitous route to a point about 4 miles south of Wolf Run Shoals, where we encamped. The route traveled this day was exceedingly bad and difficult, and in many places for miles together almost impassable.

Next morning we marched leisurely to Fairfax Court-House, where Colonel Wyndham remained, and the First Brigade left us. After a halt of somewhat more that three hours, we (the Fifth and Sixth Michigan Cavalry) resumed the march for Washington, crossing Long Bridge about 9 o'clock in the evening, where the command separated for their respective camps.

I regret to have further to report that, in consequence of the extraordinary condition of the roads and the rapidity of the march from Bull Run to the camp near the Wolf Run Shoals, the brigade has sustained great loss. Not only were many of the man and horses compelled to be left behind, to come up when they hereafter can, but also many horses were left dead by the way. It will be many days before large numbers of the horses with reached camp can be used, and several, I rear, are rendered wholly until for future service.

Not having any knowledge of the object of the expedition, I am, of course, unable to say whether or not it was accomplished.

We did not sir the enemy, and our march from his supposed direction was generally at least as rapid as toward him. A few stragglers were captured, and some horses taken, but what disposition was made of either I have not learned.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. GRAY,

Colonel Sixth Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant R. BAILS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Copeland's Cavalry Brigade.

