
tended to and well fed, including not only our own corps, but many from the Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps. Our supplies were abundant, and we were able to distribute to other corps stimulants and other articles that they were much in need of.

During the day I had also directed a depot to be established on the north side of the river, near where the ambulance corps was parked, under the charge of Surgeon [John W.] Foye, and had directed those men who were able to walk to cross the river and report to that depot. I directed Surgeon Foye to send all he possibly could by ambulance to our corps hospital at Potomac Creek, where preparations to receive them had already been made (some, however, were carried to Falmouth), and to direct all who were able to walk to proceed to Falmouth Station, where they were taken charge of and sent to Washington by Assistant Medical Director [Bennett A.] Clements. Medical officers accompanied the trains to Potomac Creek.

The division field hospital at this time were located near the sawmill, about 1 mile in rear of the troops. The surgeons-in-chief of divisions attended at these hospitals, assisted by one of the operating staff of their respective divisions. A large number of operations were performed by them and sent on to the principal depot.

The next day and the following were occupied in looking up and bringing in all our wounded not within the enemy's lines. I am happy to say that this was fully accomplished, and every wounded man was safely removed across the river before the army commenced its march for the old camps. I have seen no battle in which the wounded were so well cared for, and had not military necessity deprived us of the use of our ambulance train on the south side of the river, nearly every wounded man could have been placed in our corps hospital at Potomac Creek within twenty-four hours after the receipt of his wound.

I had at this depot (the brick house near the ford) 77 rebel prisoners, some slightly, and others severely, wounded. As I had no guard except hospital attendants, who were much fatigued with the unremitting labor of the preceding days and nights, and as I disliked to ask a detail from the ranks, where every man was needed to fight, some of the slightly wounded prisoners succeeded in escaping during the night. I had reported these prisoners to the provost-guard, and a non-commissioned officer was sent to take them away, but this officer would only take charge of those who could march. I would respectfully suggest that in future a portion of the provost-guard be instructed to report to the surgeon in charge of hospitals on the field. This guard could also take charge of the arms and accouterments of the wounded men.

The number of wounded belonging to our own corps attended to on the field by our own medical officers amounted to about 1,980. Many of these were severely wounded, but there were numerous very slight wounds, some so slight, in fact, that the men still remain reported for duty.

It is worthy of remark that there was very little straggling, much less than I have ever before known, and it is believed by our medical officers that nearly every man who started with us from the camps was in the fight.

The survivors of the wounded who were left within the enemy's lines have since been removed, under flag of truce, to our corps hospital. The detail of medical officers sent out to attend to them and effect their removal speak highly of the aid they received from the ambulance corps, and especially of the energy manifested by the chief of that corps, Captain Amos Webster. They report that they received all assistance that could

