
be expected from the rebel surgeons and others while within their lines; and they also report that they treated our wounded with consideration. Those our medical, however, who remained with the wounded when our army recrossed the river complain that their surgical instruments, &amp;c., were taken from them by the Confederate surgeons, and that they were prevented thereby from rendering that assistance to our men that might have saved the lives of some and enabled them to have ameliorated the condition of many.

Of the medical officers detailed to accompany their regiments in the field, 3 were wounded, 2 of them severely, and it gives me pleasure to testify to the bravery, faithfulness, and humanity displayed by the majority of the medical officers during the late battles. Where so many did well, it would be invidious to particularize, but I sincerely believe that the major-general commanding the corps has reason to be satisfied with the exertions of his medical officers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. SIM,

Surgeon U. S. Vols., Medical Director Third Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 111. Report of Captain George E. Randolph, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the batteries of this corps during the recent movements of the army:

On the afternoon of Tuesday, April 28, five batteries, viz, Seeley's, (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery), Huntington's (H, First Ohio), Dimick's (H, First U. S. Artillery), Randolph's (E, First Rhode Island Artillery), and Bruen's (Tenth New York), were ordered to report to Brigadier-General Hunt, and during the night were placed as follows: Seeley's on the bank of the river at the bridge-head, covering Franklin's crossing; Huntington's on a prominent hill just in rear and a little to the right of Franklin's crossing; Dimick's, Randolph's, and Bruen's between the railroad and the Lacy house, in reserve.

The remaining batteries, viz, Livingston's (F and K, Third United States), Smith's (Fourth New York), of Birney's division, Osborn's (D, First New York), Clark's (B, First New Jersey), of Berry's division, and von Puttkammer's (Eleventh New York), of Whipple's division, marched, with their respective divisions, and encamped the night of the 28th in the woods on the road from General Sedgwick's headquarters to Franklin's crossing.

On the morning of the 30th, by command of General Sickles, I ordered these five batteries to a point near the river, and to report to General Newton, by whom they were placed in battery on the bank of the river, to prevent our bridge being threatened by artillery at Bernard's house or to repel any attack upon our troops already crossed.

