
At 3 p.m. all the batteries of the corps followed their respective divisions, and marched until late in the night of the 30th, encamping with the troops at Hamet's on the Warrenton turnpike.

Marched at 5 a.m., May 1, across the Rappahannock to Chancellorsville, Livingston's and Clark's arriving soonest. Seeley's and Randolph's were placed in battery, covering the bridge at the United States Ford from the south side. At the time of the alarm, caused by the withdrawal of our lines, about 2.30 p.m. of May 1, Turnbull's and Clark's were put into battery in a second line parallel to and in rear of the Plank road, and on the right of the Chancellor house. The other batteries of the corps had by this time reported to their divisions, near Chancellorsville. Later in the day, when Graham's brigade formed line of battle near Fairview, the batteries of Birney's and Whipple's divisions were parked in the field in rear of and near them, those of Berry's being still in reserve near the white house occupied by General Couch as headquarters. When Birney's division occupied the line assigned it on the left of the Eleventh Corps, the batteries of that division (now Clark's, in the place of Smith's, by transfer), Livingston's and Randolph's, bivouacked near it. During the latter part of the morning and early in the afternoon, General Birney had remarked the train of the enemy moving on a road, distant about 1,600 yards from the line he was then holding, and about 11 a.m. placed Clark's battery in position, ordering it to annoy and check the passage of the troops and trains he had seen. This was done by Clark effectually and handsomely. The practice was, on the whole, excellent, and the enemy was compelled to stop the movement or continue it by some other road.

At 3 p.m. General Birney was ordered to advance through the woods and to gain possession of the road over which the trains had been seen to pass. He advanced through the woods until he came to the iron foundry, a mile in advance of the line he had occupied, where a 12-pounder battery of the enemy opened upon his advance. He ordered up Clark's battery to dislodge it, but as Clark's was already in position, Livingston, was sent, which, after a little confusion, got into position between the woods and foundry, and opened upon and silenced the battery of the enemy, losing 2 men severely wounded and several slightly.

Their ammunition was soon exhausted, caissons having been left in the rear, and they were relieved by Randolph's, one section of which took position at the foundry, co-operating with the infantry of Whipple's division, and guarding this important point, while four pieces advanced with Birney's troops to the house on the hill from which the enemy's battery had been dislodged.

Meanwhile the most unexpected events were taking place in the rear. Thinking the First and Third Divisions the only part of our corps likely to be engaged, I had parked the other batteries, and superintended in person the operations of Livingston's and Randolph's batteries, in the advance with General Birney. I must, therefore, depend for the particulars of the occurrences in my rear upon the reports of Captains Huntington and Osborn, accompany this.

The batteries of the Third Division and Livingston's battery were unfortunate in that they were directly in the way of the fugitives of the Eleventh Corps and of the enemy who followed them, and were thrown into temporary confusion. One piece and several caissons of Livingston's battery and several caisson bodies of Randolph's, the limbers of which had been sent to supply the battery in front with General Birney,

