
were abandoned, but recovered when the ground was regained at midnight by General Birney's attack. These batteries, with Clark's and Martin's horse battery, formed a line diagonally across the open field, and, with the cavalry of General Pleasonton, held the enemy until the arrival of the First and Third Divisions of infantry.

The batteries of the Second Division, under Captain Osborn, had been put into position on rear the Plank road, not far from Fairview; a section of Dimick's (H, First United States) in the road, and rendered signal service here, forming a part of the iron wall that the Second Division opposed to the advance of the enemy in that direction.

I must refer to Captain Osborn's report for the particulars of this part of the battle, only calling the attention of the general commanding to the important place held by these batteries (Dimick's and Osborn's), and to the handsome manner they performed that ask assigned them.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, I was ordered to mass the artillery of the corps in the woods between the white house and the United States Ford.

This order was afterward countermanded, and I was ordered to withdraw those on the field occupied by the First and Third Divisions during the night, and place them in the line of earthworks near Fairview, covering the withdrawal of our troops. Huntington's battery (H, First Ohio Volunteers), whose position was an admirable one, was last to move, and had an opportunity to sweep the plain in front of it with a terribly destructive fire and with very little loss.

In retiring, however, it was more exposed, and through the loss of horses and the confusion consequent on being between the enemy's line and our own, three pieces were necessarily abandoned in the bad ditch running along the ravine at the bottom of the hill on which were the breastworks occupied by our batteries. On this line were, commencing on the right of the Plank road, Dimick's and Osborn's; Randolph's near and to the right of the house occupied by General Slocum on Friday; Clark near and to the left of the house, and Seeley on the extreme left of the crest; Lieutenant Lewis was in the rear, near the Chancellorsville house; Livingston and von Puttkammer at the rear, near the white house, and Huntington's three pieces at the ford.

Now began the hardest battle it has been my fate to witness. The five batteries were admirably posted and admirably served. Never had artillery a finer opportunity to do good service, and never was a better use made of favorable circumstances. Twice the columns of the enemy on the Plank road were repulsed by the concentration of the fire from this line of batteries. The loss of the enemy must have been very heavy from this fire, and I am of the opinion that, with a constant supply of ammunition, and the woods held to the right of the road, this line of batteries could have defied the enemy's attack. As the batteries expended their ammunition they were withdrawn. Clark's borrowed ammunition after expending its own. No battery moved from this line having anything in its chest except canister, which could not be used on account of the position of our own troops. When our troops abandoned the crest, Lieutenant Lewis, of the Tenth New York Battery, was placed in battery near and to the left of Chancellorsville; four pieces of Seeley's (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery) to the left of the Plank road, about half-way from Chancellorsville to Fairview, and two of Randolph's, under Lieutenant Bucklyn, on the road on the same line. These pieces were exposed to a terrible fire, but were gallantly and very effectively served every round of ammunition was expended. The section of Randolph's had not previously been engaged, a large number

