
of men and horses being killed, and their withdrawal rendered necessary. The loss of horses in the section of Randolph's had been so great as to compel Lieutenant Bucklyn to remove one piece by hand and abandon the other. He had only horses enough, after dismounting his sergeant, to draw one piece. The abandoned piece was disabled before left. Lieutenant Seeley, whose loss was as heavy, succeeded in removing his entire battery, having more horses.

To prevent any injustice to Lieutenant Bucklyn, I call attention to the fact that, while Lieutenant Seeley had four pieces and caissons, with complete teams, Lieutenant Bucklyn had but two pieces and no caissons, and therefore could not, as did Seeley, draw his pieces by reducing his caissons team. His section was on the road, and his loss proportionately greater even than Seeley's. He deserves very great credit, however, in saving his battery entire, after such losses of men and horses as he had suffered. Lewis's battery, the Tenth New York, remained until a later hour, and then withdrew to a position near the white house, where was also von Puttkammer's battery, the Eleventh New York, both under the command of Captain Weed, Fifth U. S. Artillery. Puttkammer was relieved at night, but Lewis remained until our lines were left, on the night of the 4th, doing good service at the several times that parts of our lines were engaged.

On the night of the 5th, Lewis' (Tenth New York) battery recrossed to the north side of the Rappahannock, and, with the other batteries of the corps which had crossed during the day of the 5th, returned to its former camp. Clark's battery was retained in position, covering the ford until the afternoon of the 5th.

Throughout this engagement Captain Osborn, chief of artillery, Second Division, and Captain Clark, chief of artillery, First Division, proved themselves brave, cool, and reliable officers. I have only to point to the service done by the batteries under their command to prove their merit. Lieutenant Seeley, commanding Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, handled his battery as in on drill, and even the heavy loss his battery suffered was amply compensated by the effect of his fire on the enemy. Lieutenant Winslow, commanding Osborn's battery (D, First New York); Lieutenant Lewis, commanding Tenth New York Battery; Lieutenant Sims, commanding Clark's, handled their commands very creditably, as did Lieutenant Bucklyn, who had the section on the Plank road on the right of Seeley's. It gives me great pleasure to speak in terms of the highest praise of Lieutenant Lewis and his battery, especially as it had been, unfortunately, somewhat under a cloud. Nothing could be more praise-worthy than his conduct from first to last.

I regret to report the death of Lieutenant Dimick, commanding Battery H, First U. S. Artillery. Captain Osborn, who was his immediate commander and an eye-witness, characterizes the conduct of Lieutenant Dimick as heroic.

Even more than the death of an officer, do I regret to report the disgraceful conduct of Captain von Puttkammer. As the matter has come to the eye of the general commanding in another way, I will not enlarge upon it here.

Smith's (Fourth New York) battery was placed in position near the United States Ford, and much of its material used in rendering the other batteries of the Second Division immediately serviceable, preventing its being ordered to the front. I hope this circumstances, the best thing that could be done at the time, will in no way affect the reputation of this battery. It was against the urgent protest of its

