
in its rear, and, replacing two of their regiments with the Twentieth Indiana and Thirty-seventh New York, of my division, throwing pickets well to the front, and dislodging the enemy from a house in the little field in my front, bivouacked my command.

At daylight, after consultation with Major-General Howard, I occupied the line through the woods south of the Plank road and connected with his left. At this time General Graham reported with his brigade. About 8 o'clock, I reported to Major-General Sickles that a continuous column of infantry, trains, and ambulances was passing my front toward the right, and that I should give it a few shots from Clark's rifled battery. Sending a section to a good point in the little field in my front, it opened with effect, the column double-quicking past the point reached by our shots. I then ordered the battery to the same position, and threw the column into great confusion as the battery poured its well-directed shot into its midst.

At 12 m. of May 2, I received orders from Major-General Sickles to follow the enemy, pierce the column, and gain possession of the road over which it was passing. Colonel Berdan reported to me at the same time with his sharpshooters. The Twentieth Indiana, Colonel John Wheeler, entered the woods and ascended the will, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before them. We quickly bridged Scott's Run with rails, and, crossing Berdan's Sharpshooters, ordered Colonel Berdan to advance rapidly toward the road at the point we had reached with our artillery, which was to the left. Hayman's brigade was ordered to follow and attack the enemy, if found between the point of entrance and the road alluded to.

The firing increasing, I sent for Graham's brigade, to keep my connections complete, and then sent for Ward's brigade as we advanced, crossing all over the small creek, which was some 5 feet deep, with high banks. We met with no serious opposition until reaching the forge, which was occupied by a company. Berdan's Sharpshooters, with great skill, captured this company. The enemy now opened on me with a battery placed near Welford's house, near the road that I intended to take. I sent back for Turnbull's battery, which, after an exciting artillery duel, drove off the enemy. The fire upon my left flank from musketry was galling, and at this point I received orders from Major-General Sickles to wait for the advance of General Whipple's division and a brigade from the Twelfth Corps, on my left. I rode to the rear, and pointed out to General Whipple the position to be taken by him on my left. On my return to the front, Brigadier-General Barlow, commanding a brigade of the Eleventh Corps, reported to me that he was on my right, and had completed the connection between in and his corps. I now sent forward the Twentieth Indiana and Fifth Michigan to support the sharpshooters, and ordered them to advance toward the road. The movement was quite successful, as a capture of some 180 prisoners was almost immediately made by the party.

At about 6.30 p.m. I received orders from Captain Alexander Moore, of Major-General Hooker's staff, to advance rapidly, which I did, taking the road, and placing Randolph's battery, which I had ordered up, in position, poured a well-directed fire on the retreating column of the enemy.

In this advance Hayman's brigade led, followed by Graham's and Ward's, General Ward keeping open the communication to the forge. Sending out scouts, I found the enemy in some force on three sides, and, disposing of my troops to meet attack from any direction, I was preparing to bivouac when I was informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Hart

