
assistant adjutant-general, who had gallantly reached me, that our right, occupied by the Eleventh Corps, had given way in entire disorder, and Major-General Sickles ordered my immediate return.

I withdrew my command in good order, leaving the Twentieth Indiana and Sixty-third Pennsylvania as a rear guard, and sent an order to Brigadier-General Barlow to follow with his brigade. I returned to the field in which I had placed Clark's battery in the morning, and found Major-General Sickles, with the batteries belonging to the corps, supported by some thousand cavalry, under General Pleasonton, with which he had checked the advance of the enemy on the Plank road. My division was formed in line of brigades in rear of the batteries.

At midnight I received an order from Major-General Sickles to make necessary dispositions to drive the enemy from the woods in our front and retake the Plank road and earthworks on it. I placed Ward's brigade in front line, with Hayman's in second line, 100 yards in rear, and gave orders that pieces were to be uncapped and not discharged until the Plank road and earthworks were reached; that the movement was to be right of companies to the front until the enemy's line was reached. Upon the left of the line of battle a wide road had been cut through the woods, perpendicular to the Plank road. Upon this I sent in, my column of companies at full distance, the Fortieth New York, Seventeenth Maine, and Sixty third Pennsylvania. The movement was successfully executed amid most terrific musketry and artillery fire.

In moving through the thick undergrowth of these close woods at midnight, there was necessarily some disorder, but the object was successfully gained.

Among the colonels under my immediate eye in this movement, Colonel Thomas W. Egan was distinguished for his energy, dash, and enthusiasm. I would call the attention of the major-general commanding the corps to this officer, and would recommend his promotion.

At daylight Sunday morning, I received orders to follow Whipple's column in withdrawing from the field, and form on the next line near the Plank road. Before my division had left the field, Graham's brigade was attacked by the enemy with infantry and artillery. It, however, replied to it, and fell back in good order. I formed my brigades in column of regiments just beyond the crest of the hill, and, placing two batteries on the crest, opened upon the enemy, who appeared on the field from which had just withdrawn.

After this, say at 6 a.m., I sent Graham's brigade, composed of the One hundred and Fourteenth, Fifty-seventh, Sixty-third, Sixty-eighth, One hundred and fifth, and One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, called the Pennsylvania Brigade, to the front, to relieve one of General Slocum's brigades which was early out of ammunition. It went in gallantly, and for some two hours held the ground, driving the enemy out of some barricades that they had taken. The troops on the right of the Plank road withdrawing, the enemy flanked this brigade, and, sending troops to their rear, I led a portion of Hayman's brigade to the charge, driving them back in confusion, and capturing a large number of prisoners, relieving Graham's brigade, which was then withdrawn in good order.

During this time, Brigadier-General Ward, under orders from Major-General Sickles, had moved to the right of the Plank road, to form on the right of Carr's division, but reports that he was not able to find General Carr in the woods, and has ordered by Major-General French to fall to his rear.

Graham's and Hayman's brigades continued to support the artillery

