
kept us well supplied with ammunition, and preserved his train from capture during the stampede of the Eleventh Corps.

You will see by the annexed table of casualties* that the loss of this command has been heavy, and that we mourn for many good and brave comrades, but I am happy to say that the division, with strengthened confidence, is impatient again to meet the enemy.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIVISION, 3rd ARMY CORPS,

No. 48. May 16, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding division congratulates it on its achievements of the 2nd and 3rd of May. The division pierced the center of the enemy's column, captured over 700 prisoners, then returning, breaking through the enemy, who closed in its rear, executed successfully the order of the major-general commanding the army to attack the enemy at midnight; then, receiving the enemy's attack at daylight, held their hordes in check and at bay until ordered to withdraw and hold a position of honor given to it front of the new line.

The division has added to the reputation gained at Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, Glendale, Malvern, Manassas, Chantilly, and Fredericksburg, and can now add to those names, The Cedars and Chancellorsville.

With unabated confidence in the gallant generals commanding the corps and the army, this division awaits with impatience the order to again meet the enemy of our country. Our rejoicing is mingled with regret for the slain and wounded, but the recollection of their bravery and martyrdom will be fresh with us evermore and incite us to still greater efforts.

* * * * * * * * * *

D. B. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

No. 113. Report of Lieutenant Michael Sheehan, Twentieth Indiana Infantry, Ambulance Officer.

----,-, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the ambulance corps, First Division, Third Corps, from April 28 to May 6:

April 28.-I received orders from Lieutenant [J. Ridgeway] Moore to report in person to corps headquarters, to be shown where to park my train; also received orders to be in readiness to move the next day at 12 m.

April 29.-I moved the train, in accordance with the above order, and parked in a field near the First Division for the night.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p.178.

---------------

