
April 30.-I received orders from Lieutenant Moore to follow the ammunition train of the Third Division, and I moved the train at 4 p.m., and reached near Hartwood Church at 10 a.m. on May 1, where I parked the train and reported to Lieutenant Moore, when I received orders to follow the same train to the park of the Third Corps, where I arrived at 3 o'clock.

May 2.-I sent 25 ambulances across the river to convey wounded men to the hospitals.

May 3.-I sent 8 ambulances across the river to convey wounded men from the hospitals on that side.

May 4.-The ambulances were conveying wounded men to Falmouth Station and Potomac Creek.

May 5.-All ambulances remaining in park were sent across the river to convey wounded men to Potomac Creek hospital.

May 6.-Received orders from Lieutenant Moore to take the First Division train to its old park.

Very respectfully,

MICHAEL SHEEHAN,

First Lieutenant Commanding Ambulance Corps, 1st Div., 3rd Army Corps.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 114. Report of Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 3rd ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to transmit my detailed report of the movements of this brigade during the late operations against the enemy.

My command struck tents and marched from its present encampment at 4.30 p.m. April 28. Proceeding down and across the White Oak Church road, we bivouacked for the night near the position occupied by General Franklin's bridges at the battle of Fredericksburg.

During the morning of April 29, we moved with the rest of the division to within about three-quarters of a mile of the Rappahannock, where we encamped until the next day.

On April 30, at 1.30 p.m., we took up our line of march for the United States Ford, bringing up the rear of the division. At 11.30 p.m., after a long and fatiguing march, we reached our camping ground, a short distance beyond Hartwood Church, and within about 2 miles of the United States Ford. After a short rest, we marched again at 5 a.m. toward the ford, and, crossing it, halted in column of regiments behind the rebel rifle-pits. After a brief halt, we took up our line of march with the rest of the division, pushing on toward the front, and halted on the left of the road near the Chancellor house-General Hooker's headquarters. The men had scarcely stacked arms when I was ordered to proceed with my command via Chancellorsville to Dowdall's Tavern, on the Plank road, to perform picket duty. My orders were to throw out a line of picket well to the right and rear, holding the balance of my command well in hand near the tavern. Having arrived there, I found

