
in force on our right. The brigade at once arose, and for a few minutes a heavy fire was renewed on both sides, but the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, and the exhaustion of my men, compelled a retreat. Here I regret to state that considerable confusion occurred. My command was now much decreased, but what was left of it formed in rear of the Chancellor house. Soon afterward, I was ordered to form on the left of General Ward and in rear of the road from the Chancellor house to the United States Ford.

Here the command lay for some time, exposed to a terrific fire of shell and canister; but few, however, were injured, and all bore the ordeal unflinchingly. From here my brigade fell back, according to orders, and occupied the second line, near the headquarters of Generals Sickles and Birney, and in rear of the rifle-pits.

During the afternoon my command was ordered to the front, to support the batteries, but early next morning it was recalled to its original position.

On the afternoon of May 4, I was ordered to take command of the Third Division, Colonel Egan assuming command of the brigade.

With few exceptions, the officers and men of my command behaved most gallantly. I would, however, mention for their coolness, enthusiasm, and gallant daring and untiring exertions in sustaining their men, that brave soldier, Colonel Madill, of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; also Colonel Sides, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain Ryan, now commanding Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; also Majors Greenawalt, One hundred and fifth; Spalding, One hundred and forty-first, and, Neeper, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who contributed all their power to inspirit their men. I would give especial praise to the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, a new regiment, for the second time under fire. No men could have behaved better. Its thinned ranks are better proof of its steadiness under fire than any words can be, for out of 417 men taken into the fight it lost 234.

As evidence of the courage, cool daring, and stubborn resistance of my command, I would respectfully call your attention to the heavy loss sustained-697 men and 58 officers, of which 503 men and 46 officers were either killed or wounded. Among them we have to mourn the loss of Colonel A. A. McKnight and Captain Kirk, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, both brave and gallant soldiers, who fell, nobly fighting at the heads of their commands; also the gallant Major Chandler and Captain Eliot, of the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were struck while leading forward the right of their regiment to take a stand of colors. Their fall caused confusion, and the rebel colors were not taken. Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkwood, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, I regret to say, was severely wounded in two places while leading his gallant regiment into action. Lieutenant-Colonel Watkins, of One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was also severely wounded while nobly urging his men forward to the enemy's works.

I cannot close my report without mentioning the gallant conduct of Colonel Colgrove, of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and his men, who formed a part of the brigade that we relieved in the woods during the hottest of the fight. Instead of retiring with the rest of his brigade, he remained with us until his ammunition was entirely exhausted, when he retired in good order. His coolness under fire, and the admirable discipline and steadiness of his men, cannot receive too

