
much praise. Captain F. Birney, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Levi Bird Duff, and Lieutenant Willard Bullard, of my staff, are worthy of the most honorable mention. Captain Birney was particularly conspicuous for the rapidly of his movements and the coolness and self-possession of his conduct. To his untiring industry and meritorious behavior and to that of the other officer mentioned I am indebted for the manner in which the brigade executed its evolutions and the ardor with which it successfully engaged a greatly superior force of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 115. Report of Colonel Peter Sides, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP SICKLES, VA.,

May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to hand you the following report of the movements of my regiment during the late advance on the enemy:

With the rest of the brigade, we struck tents on the afternoon of April 28, and marched to a point on the road leading to White Oak [Church], where we bivouacked for the night.

Early next morning we took up line of march, acting as rear guard to our brigade, and marched to a point near Franklin's old crossing, three-quarters of a mile from the river, where we again bivouacked, remaining there until 2 p.m. next day, April 30, when we again took the line of march, acting as rear guard of the First Division, and marched to the right some 16 miles, and bivouacked about half a mile beyond Hartwood Church, arriving about 11.30 p.m.

The following morning, 1st instant, at 5 o'clock, we again took up the line of march, third in line, for the river, crossing at the United States Ford. Marched up beyond the rifle-pits, and halted in column of regiments until the balance of the division made the crossing, when we again fell in in the same order, and marched up the road leading to Chancellorsville, filed to the left in the woods in column of regiments, where we again halted for an hour, when, with the First Brigade, we moved out of the woods, and up the Plank road, and directly opposite General Howard's headquarters, where we stacked arms and remained until about 4 p.m., when we marched back again to the Chancellor house. Here, with the rest of the brigade, we formed in column of regiments in the open field, in rear and support of our batteries. The enemy, soon after we took this position, commenced a brisk shelling, severely wounding one of my pioneers in the foot. At this we changed our position, moving a little to the rear, where we remained all night.

The next morning 2nd instant, with the rest of the division, we marched up the Flank road to the unfinished house on the left, took the road leading through the woods to a newly cut road in the woods, and near General Birney's headquarters, where we filed to the right through the thick pines, 40 paces to the rear of the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, left resting on the road, stacked arms and made

