
coffee, remaining here until about 1 p.m.; was ordered out to the support of the picket line; deployed along the fence running at right angles with the road; remained here until the division, led by the Third Brigade, moved down the open field by the house; crossed the ravine up into the woods, following the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. After getting well up into the woods, we deployed to the left through the woods, our right resting on a ravine. Remaining here but a few minutes, our position was again changed; moved by the left flank, and made connection with the third line of the Third Brigade. Remaining here for a short time, we moved again, by the left flank, and deployed along a fence, our right extending near the old furnace, as a support to Berdan's Sharpshooters, who were in our front, in the meadow below, briskly skirmishing with the enemy.

Remained here until about dusk, when, with the rest of the brigade, we marched back to the open field in front of General Birney's headquarters, where we formed on the left of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and in the rear of our batteries.

Remained here until Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, when the enemy opened a brisk fire upon us; we retired the rest of the brigade back to the Chancellor house, and on the left of the Plank road. We then crossed the road with the rest of the brigade, formed in column of regiments, with the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left of my regiment, and in the rear of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. In this order, with the rest of the brigade, we marched around the crest of the hill and to the edge of the woods, formed line of battle on the right of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers on my right, and in this order advanced up through the woods; halted, and, after firing several rounds, the order was given to cease firing and charge on the work, which was done with a will, advancing up to and on the barricade. From some unknown cause, the regiment on my right failed to come up on our right. At this juncture, I found the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers moving up by the right flank and in the rear of the line. They remained to fire one round, when their colonel remarked they were being flanked, when the men commenced to break and fall back in confusion. I found it impossible to remain longer, and gave the order to fall back, and did so with the rest of the brigade, and, with the colors, came along the edge of the woods. In gaining the woods, some regiment ran through my regiment, scattering my men so much that many of them lost me and the colors.

When opposite the Chancellor house, I crossed the field by and past the house, and came out in the open field again, I met General Birney, who, seeing I had but few men, ordered me to put them in with the Fortieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Egan, leaving me without a command for a time. I then came out to the main road to look for Major Neeper, who was cut off with the left wing when the aforesaid regiment broke through us. I found him gathering up the men, and ordered him back to join the rest of the men, then in the Fortieth. In the meantime General Graham came into the same field with the rest of the brigade, and had ordered me men back to the brigade from the Fortieth New York. When I returned to the field, I found the men together in line on the left of the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and in charge of Major Neeper.

Here we remained until the morning of the 4th instant, when I received orders to report to General Ward, commanding the Second Brigade, which I did, and moved my regiment to the position occupied by

27 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

