
the Ninety-ninth, Pennsylvania Volunteers, where we remained until the army fell back, my regiment acting as a rear guard. In this order we returned to our present camp.

I cannot here mention any particular act of bravery on the part of either officers or men, all having behaved admirably.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDES,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain F. BIRNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 116. Report of Captain James F. Ryan, Sixty-third, Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP SICKLES, VA., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following detailed statement of the movements of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the late operations in the field and engagements with the enemy:

On the evening of Tuesday, April 28, the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Kirkwood, moved with the rest of the brigade to a point near the Rappahannock, and some 4 or 5 miles below Fredericksburg, bivouacking for the night in some small pines.

On Wednesday, the 29th, the regiment moved about half a mile up and nearer the river, stopping upon the crest of the line of hills which here skirt the north bank of the river, and remaining in that position until Thursday, April 30, when, with the rest of the division, we marched to a point near the United States Ford.

On the morning of May 1, we crossed at the ford and pressed on to the front, some 5 miles from river, halting on the Plank road near General Howard's headquarters. About 5 o'clock in the evening, we were ordered back some distance, where the regiment lay as part of an infantry support to one or more batteries of the division, on the south side of the Plank road, during an hour's very sharp artillery practice. One man in the regiment was injured here.

On the morning of May 2, the regiment took a position in the edge of some small pines, where a road, perpendicular to the Plank road, opens into an open field, and near General Birney's headquarters. in the afternoon, our lines were advanced, under very sharp skirmishing, and in the evening, with the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, the Sixty-third was on the extreme front and right (as our lines ran), occupying a commanding position on a hill, nearly 2 miles in advance of where we had been in the morning. In consequence of the Eleventh Corps failing to hold its lines, our position, do far in front, was an extremely critical one, but it was maintained until ordered back, about 10.30 o'clock that night.

Returning to our old position of the morning, the regiment assisted in rallying fragments of the Second and Third Brigades, even at the point of the bayonet. Was afterward formed in along the road, connecting on the right with the Fortieth Regiment New York Volunteers, where some skirmishing occurred. We afterward formed, with the rest of the brigade, in column by battalion, in the open field.

Sunday morning, May 3, firing from the pickets in our front commenced at an early hour, and by 6 o'clock our skirmishers had been

