
tant-Colonel [John S.] Krepps, who, during the time I was confined from sickness, had charge of the camp.

I ordered Major Gilman under arrest early this morning, and have sent to Colonel R. B. Price charges, of which the annexed is a copy.*

Major Gilmer lost but 1 man, belonging to the Fifth New York Cavalry, who was mortally wounded by the enemy and afterward robbed. He was away from the command and on this side of Aldie, his horse having given out. The enemy seem to have concealed along the line of march, and murdered this man, when returning, without provocation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. JOHNSTONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Independent Hill, Price William County, Va.

Report of Colonel William R. Creigton, Seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade and post.

DUMFRIS, VA.,

March 5, 1863.

COLONEL: There was a sharp skirmish occurred last night with the Eighth New York Cavalry, on picket at Independent Hill, about 8 or 9 miles from this place, with a loss of 15 captured, 1 wounded, and 2 killed.

This has just been report to us by our scout. The commanding officer did not report to us at all. There should be some order to let us know when these thins occur, in order that we may know what we are doing.

I wish you would call the attention of General Slocum to this. There is no unison at all in regard to this. Another thing, our scout who is an enlisted man, who has been under the charge of General Sigel, but since we have been here has rendered very efficient service to us, is now ordered to his company. He can be of ten times more service in his present position that going to his company. His name is James Clifford, Company E, Ninth New York Cavalry. If the general could get him detailed for service with us, he could be invaluable to us here, and afterward to the corps and the service.

Heavy firing was heard this morning in the direction of Gainesville.

We could not defying was heard this morning in the direction of Gainesville.

We could not define what it was, but think it was a skirmish with some of the forces from Centreville.

W. R. CREIGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade and Post.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. ROGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

(Sent to Brigadier General Sent Williams, for information of the commanding general.)

---------------

* He was dismissed July 23, 1863.

---------------

