
the woods near the Orange road, where we remained, alternately doing duty in the entrenchments and to the rear of the abatis of fallen timber, the right wing being placed upon the front line of battle.

It being relieved in the morning, our regiment took position on the third line, when several unimportant movements took place, but nothing of note, until orders were received to march. We were ready and in line from 8 p.m. until 12 p.m., when we lay down and rested for an hour.

At 3 a.m. we started for the ford, which we recrossed about 7 a.m., and returned without particular events to our camp.

We arrived in order, about 5 p.m. with 16 officers and 220 men, our loss during the entire operation being 5 killed, 65 wounded, and 7 missing.

Straggling did not occur at any time. A few men, being cut off from the regiment during the retiring, rejoined us about 4 p.m. All the men and officers seemed to vie with one another in doing their duty, no instance of cowardice having occurred during the different engagements.

All having done so well, I cannot with justice make particular mention of individual bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. CRAIG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 105 Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Third Army Corps.

No. 119. Report of Colonel Charles H. T. Collis, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 114TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,May 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment during the recent engagements on the south side of the Rappahannock:

Being in Washington, on leave of absence, when I heard the army was moving, I hastened back to my command, and found it on Thursday, April 30, marching to the United States Ford.

We crossed the ford the next day, and, after marching and countermarching for several hours, were finally placed with the rest of the brigade on the brow of a hill near the Chancellor house, to support a battery.

No sooner had we taken position, than we were shelled by the enemy in front of Williams' division, in which shelling I lost 1 man. General Graham then moved us 100 paces to the rear, where we remained in a comparatively secure position until the next morning, when we changed our position from rear to right of Williams' division.

About 10 a.m. of Saturday, I was ordered about three-fourths of a mile forward to support two sections of guns which were shelling a wagon train of the enemy, and about one hour afterward fell in with the general advance of the division, and pushed through the woods to Welford's house, where I received orders to face about and return on

