
the same route. During this march, I constantly received orders from staff officers of the most conflicting character-one minute ordered to move forward, the next by a flank to the right, and the next to fall back; once ordered to form a line diagonal to the regiment in front, when the order intended was parallel to the line. I was also pained to see a lack of unity of action among the different members of the staff of the brigade.

Late in the evening, arriving in the open space in front of Williams' division, of Slocum's corps, I was ordered by General Graham to form a picket line with own regiment and the One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to connect with Slocum on the left and Ward on the right. This connection I accomplished in a short time, but I found that a picket line had already been established by General Whipple, and, upon reporting this fact, was ordered to withdraw my regiment to the right of the brigade, where my men stacked their arms and slept for the night.

Soon after daylight, the men being all under arms, a murderous fire was poured upon us from the front and both flanks by the enemy, secreted in the woods. I was ordered to move off in the direction, of the Chancellor house by the right flank, which I did under a terrible fire, my regiment never once moving at a double-quick. I lost several men during this movement.

I regret to say at this time men from other regiments of the corps came rushing through my line in great confusion, cutting my own and the One hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers completely off from the rest of the brigade. Thanks to the distinguishable character of our uniform, however, I kept my men well in hand, and in the meantime, seeing General Berry a little distance ahead, ordered Major Chandler to report to him for orders, until I should be assigned to our new position by General Graham.

The general was about placing us in position, when I received orders from General Graham, through Captain Duff, to march to the rear of the batteries on the hill, which I did, following the One hundred and fifth, and formed on its left .

The enemy having been repulsed at this point, we were ordered to move forward, and took position in the edge of the woods on our right, re-enforcing a part of Ruger's brigade, which was then engaging the enemy behind his battle of fallen timber.

Feeling that we were suffering a severe loss without gaining any good results, I ordered my regiment to fix bayonets and charge, which it did gallantly and with enthusiasm, driving the enemy in confusion from his works.

It was here the gallant Major Chandler fell, while trying to secure the rebel colors. Here Captain Eliot was killed, while resisting an overwhelming charge with his trusty company. Here Lieutenant Cullen was shot dead, while displaying his well-known coolness and courage. A few minutes before this, Captain Schwartz, than whom there is no better or truer soldier in the service, was, perhaps mortally, wounded.

Having accomplished the capture of the enemy's works, and feeling confident that they could have been held in our brigade was properly supported, I asked General Graham if he would send to the rear for another brigade, and he, also appreciating the necessity, sent Lieutenant Bullard, of his staff, for re-enforcements, but they never arrived.

Discovering that there was another line of breastworks on my right, which had not yet been occupied by our troops, although a regiment was within 50 yards of it to the rear, and had been during the whole

