
engagement, I asked several persons (men who passed me going in that direction, Lieutenant Rulon, of my regiment, among the number) to order them to charge, but they still remained to the rear, where their fire had little or no effect upon the masked line of the enemy. I then went myself to General Graham, and asked him to order them up, which he did, personally, under a fire from which I learned he never could escape.

My right flank being exposed, and the enemy advancing in considerable numbers, I moved my regiment, by order of General Graham, by right flank, to secure the position, but it was too late. On they came in overwhelming numbers in my front and on my right flank, driving my men back for the first time in disorder. Knowing from experience that if I upon the field my men would not leave me, I planted my colors, placed my guides, and appealed to the men to reform, which, to their credit, they did willingly; but, while accomplishing this, Captain Birney rode up, telling me it was no use, we were outflanked.

We were then ordered to fall back to the Chancellor house, a distance on half a mile, and, to my surprise, I discovered that our brigade had been fighting for half an hour in an isolated position, with no support within half a mile of it; even the batteries in the hill had been withdrawn.

With about 80 men out of our 400, I took position, by order of General Sickles, for the support of a battery, which, I am informed, was Randolph's battery, near the Chancellor house, and, while obeying this order, was ordered away by a staff officer, whom, I presume, was properly authorized, I having received orders from staff officers all day. General Sickles, however, seemed much annoyed, and ordered me back, and in few minutes I was again ordered to the rear with my regiment by General Birney, but, upon informing the general of General Sickles' orders, I was permitted to remain. From this position we fell back at 9 o'clock to another in the woods, where for nearly two hours we lay under the most severe fire of artillery I have ever experienced. At this time I lost two more of my few surviving officers. We next fell back to the abatis, near the Culpeper road, where we remained until 5 p.m., at which time, I am informed, I was carried off the field insensible, suffering from exhaustion.

I desire to particularly mention the gallant conduct of the three immortal dead-Chandler, Eliot, and Cullen-each killed while distinguishing himself; also Captains George J. Schwartz, Eddy, Gilmore, Bowen, Koehler, and Lieutenants Robinson and Dunkle, for the admirable manner in which they handled their men; but, above all, I desire to make especial mention of the conduct of Lieutenant Alfred S. Newlin, who, receiving a severe wound at the very commencement of the fight, did not leave the field until the following day, when he was ordered to the rear.

I am happy to testify to the good conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Cavada during Friday and Saturday. On Sunday, during the engagement, he was not with the regiment, but informs me that, having lost the regiment, he reported to General Greene, who placed him in command of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which regiment he led into action. He reported to me at 12 o'clock, restored to duty by order of General Birney, he having been previously under arrest.

I cannot close without pledging the thanks of myself and regiment to General Graham for the coolness and bravery he displayed upon

