
although severely wounded in the arm, continued in command of his company until the regiment reached the brick house, when he went to the rear.

The brigade was then ordered back into the field, where it formed line of battle behind and to the left of the white house before spoken of. We remained in line of battle for a short time, and moved to the front. We then doubled our column on the center, and moved across the little valley to the edge of the woods, where the enemy were drawn up in line to receive us. We deployed our column and marched up into the woods, my regiment occupying the right of the line. Here we relieved some brigade from the Twelfth Army Corps, as I understood. We drove the enemy from their position from the first ridge, and also from the second. After having been engaged with the enemy for nearly two hours, we withdrew, and returned to the road behind the brick house, from which place my regiment, with the balance of the brigade, fell back about 1 1/2 miles on the road to the United States Ford, when the brigade was reformed, and my regiment, with one or two others of the brigade, was placed in front of the first line of riffle-pits, and remained there until morning, when it was withdrawn from the front line and placed in the third line, where it remained until Wednesday morning, when we were ordered to fall back and recross the river, which we did in good order and without any loss. We arrived in the old camp on Wednesday afternoon about 5 o'clock.

I believe, sir, that this statement completes the movement in detail of my regiment from the time we left camp, on April 28, until we returned, on May 6.

I feel it my duty to say a few woods in relation to the conduct of the brave officers and men of my regiment during the hard marches and severe fire they were subjected to during the several movements of the regiment.

I left camp on April 28 with 460 men and 24 officers. During the march but 5 were known to straggle; yet I regret to say that some 5 or 6 men disgracefully left their companies and fell out during the march to the United States Ford. I took 417 men into the fight on Sunday morning. This number does not include the pioneers or musicians, who were left behind on Saturday afternoon, the musicians in charge of the surgeon and the pioneers in charge of an officer of the brigade. Out of that number I lost 223 in killed, wounded, and missing, the missing, I am sorry to say, I believe to be among the killed and those wounded and left on the field. I think there were very few, if any, of my men taken prisoners. Out of the 24 officers I had on Sunday morning, 12 are among the killed and wounded. Captain Swart, Company C, and Lieutenant Tyler, Company H, were killed, and I am afraid that Lieutenant-Colonel Watkins, and Captain Mumford, of Company G, are wounded mortally.

The officers of my regiment behaved splendidly throughout the whole time; in fact, each one vied with the other to see who could best do his duty, and how well they did so the large list of killed and wounded but too clearly tells. There is scarcely an officer in the regiment who has not a bullet-mark on his person.

Of the lamented Watkins I cannot speak too highly. He had his horse shot under him on Friday evening and was severely stunned by the same shell, yet he marched with the regiment on Saturday on foot and rendered very valuable services during that time. He was again, on Sunday morning, knocked from his horse by the explosion of a shell, and, though badly stunned, insisted on remaining with his regiment,

