
which he did, and went into the woods with us. He was shot through the breast and borne from the field about 8 o'clock. He was a brave soldier and a true patriot. His place in the regiment cannot be replaced.

Captain Swart was killed while holding the colors of the regiment. He had just taken them from the color-sergeant, who had been shot. He was a brave officer and a good man.

Lieutenant Tyler was also killed. He was a fine officer.

It would be useless for me to particularize any of my officers. They all acted with much spirit and bravery during the five days we were under fire.

I am under great obligations to the major and adjutant for their coolness and bravery in assisting me during the several days we were under fire. They proved themselves valuable and brave officers.

Of the bravery of the men under my command I need scarcely speak. I saw no disposition in any man while under fire to shirk or avoid his duty. The loss in non-commissioned officers was very severe. The color-bearer and color-guard were all killed or wounded but one, who was guarding and holding the colors.

Sergeant [George C.] Beardsly, the color-bearer, deserves particular mention for the pertinacity with which he clung to his colors, though severely wounded. In fact, all the non-commissioned officers and privates deserve the highest praise in standing under one of the most severe fires under which men could be placed.

Particular mention is made of J. B. Ellsworth, Company I; James M. Beach, Company E, and Benjamin P. Oliphant, Company A, who particularly distinguished themselves for coolness and bravery during the fight of Sunday morning. I think that there can be no question of the bravery and discipline of troops who will stand and be shot down as they were on Sunday morning. The private soldier has nothing to gain in particular by such particular acts of heroism-merely receive a passing notice. To such men, then, as stood under such circumstances, too much credit cannot be awarded. The attention evinced by my regiment and the other regiments of the brigade deserves to be rewarded by better results.

Very respectfully submitted.

H. J. MADILL,

Colonel One hundred and forty- first Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 121. Report of Brigadier General J. H. Hobart Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of the brigade under my command from the time it left its original camp, on April 29, until its return, on the 6th instant.

The brigade left camp with the other two brigades of the division on Tuesday afternoon at 4 p.m., and by a circuitous route reached a point in the woods about 4 miles below Fredericksburg, and about half a mile from the Rappahannock, and bivouacked for the night.

