
MARCH 9,, 1863.-Affair at Fairfax Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Lawrence L. O'Connor, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 2.-Captain William H. Hill, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Fitzugh Lee, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Lawrence L. O'Connor, Provost-Marshal.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 9, 1863-3.30 a. m.

Captain Mosby, with his command, entered this town this morning at 2 a. m. They captured my patrols, horses, &amp;c. They took Brigadier-General Stougton and horses, and all his men detached from his brigade. They took every horse that could be found, public and private, and the commanding officer of the post, Colonel Johnstone, of the Fifth New York Cavalry, made his escape from them in a nude state by accident. They searched for me in every direction, but being on the Vienna road, visiting outposts, I made my escape.

L. L. O'CONNOR,

Lieutenant, Provost-Marshal.

P. S.-All our available cavalry forces are in pursuit of them.

Major L. HUNT,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Heintzelman's Headquarters.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William H. Hill, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,Fairfax Station, Va., March 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this morning about 3 a. m. a squadron of Stuart's cavalry entered this place. As far as I can learn, they captured all our guards and vedettes along the road, and surrounded these headquarters, where they captured Brigadier General E. H. Stoughton, as well as some of his servants. Five mounted orderlies, detailed here, were captured, together with horses, both public and private. The reports is they came into our lines with the countersign, so that no obstruction was offered to their entrance. The officer commanding the party first went to the telegraph office, and captured th operator, and afterward the general. One of his aides was also captured, but escaped. They left about 4 o'clock, taking all prisoners with them.

Lieutenant-Colonel Johnstone, commanding Cavalry Brigade, is in pursuit, but no report of his success in coming up with the enemy has yet been received.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. HILL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain R. N. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

