
I am happy to report that my men and officers behaved manfully and bravely.

All of which I respectfully submit.

Yours, to command,

JOHN WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. HENRY,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, First Div., Third Army Corps.

No. 123. Report of Colonel Samuel B. Hayman, Thirty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,May 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the division, the part performed by this brigade in the recent operations against the enemy.

The movements of the brigade prior to its taking position on the Plank road, near Chancellorsville, on the 1st instant, were attended with no incidents deserving particular notice. The Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers was here detached, and served with Ward's brigade on the front line, connecting on the right with the Eleventh Army Corps. The other regiments composing the brigade, about 12 m. on the 2nd instant, received orders from General Birney to move to the front, in conjunction with the sharpshooters Berdan and the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers. After entering the woods in front of the picket line, my line was formed and advanced, by the right of companies, inclining to the left. I soon came upon the Twentieth Indiana and the reserve of the sharpshooters. The First New York was deployed, and marched on my right flank, to prevent and attack in that direction. I ordered the reserve of the skirmishers to advance, and kept my line near the skirmishers in front. I expected to encounter the enemy in considerable force, and designed to compel him to a circumspect course should he advance, and enable the skirmishers to recover promptly any ground from which they might be forced, but both lines steadily advanced without serious resistance until the open ground was reached. A building was here observed, within easy range, apparently a foundry, under which the enemy's skirmishers found shelter, but they were soon outflanked by the sharpshooters, and compelled to surrender. The enemy was kept occupied in front, while the sharpshooters rapidly gained to the right, with the Fifth Michigan to aid as skirmishers, and the Twentieth Indiana as support. The enemy's supports to their sharpshooters endeavored, apparently, to escape and serve as rear guard to a train which was moving to our right, but were induced to take shelter in railroad cut by the fire of our sharpshooters, where they were soon outflanked, when they surrendered.

The whole number of prisoners is reported to be 365, including 19 officers. The sharpshooters understand the true tactics of skirmishers, are possessed of enterprise and courage, and were maneuvered with great skill and address by Colonel Berdan, and I regard it as one of the best organizations of the volunteers service. The enemy also opened a

