
source you will be informed of officers and enlisted men worthy of special notice.

On the night of the 2nd instant, the Seventeenth Maine was attached to General Ward' command, and I have no doubt he will do the regiment justice. While under my eye, it exhibited discipline and courage worthy of this brigade. The Third and Fifth Michigan sustained their well-earned reputation on other fields. The Thirty-seventh New York only needed its disabled officers to present as hold a front as it has exhibited upon so many occasions. The First New York was brought into action under peculiar circumstances, and its conduct more than realized my expectations.

The officers who came particularly under my own observation are Colonel Byron R. Pierce, Third Michigan Volunteers, who was wounded in the hand on the 3rd instant. He had his wound dressed and immediately returned to his post. This officer has been distinguished upon other occasions, and, from his coolness, judgment, and intelligence, I confidently recommend his as a suitable person for advancement.

Lieutenant Colonel Francis L. Leland, First New York Volunteers; Major John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, and Major George W. West, Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, were ever in the place where duty called them.

Major William DeLacy, Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, was active in rallying his men, and sustained his well-earned reputation acquired in other scenes of strife.

Captain Philip Doherty, Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, is also worthy of notice for keeping his men together on the 3rd instant, and bringing them to the front.

Lieutenant Lawrence Murphy, Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, captured 2 prisoners and delivered them to me, and revived his well-known reputation for courage in his regiment.

Captain I. C. Smith and Lieutenant James Henry, of my staff, were distinguished for courage and efficiency, and sustained their reputation gained upon other fields, and which is now a part of our country's history.

In my aides, Lieutenants [Silas S.] Huntley and E. B. Houghton, I fully realized my expectations, and I urgently recommend them to the favorable consideration of the general commanding the division.

The bugler at these headquarters is also worthy of notice for his coolness and manly bearing on the field; his name is Edward Wheelock.

You will receive herewith a list of casualties,* corrected according to the latest returns. The list of missing is large, but it is believed there are few, if any, stragglers among the number. Many fell, no doubt, into the hands of the enemy, among the killed and wounded on the night of the 2nd and morning of the 3rd, particularly from the Thirty-seventh New York.

I have to mourn the loss, among the gallant dead, of Lieutenant Colonel E. T. Sherlock, Fifth Michigan Infantry; Captain Joseph Mason, Third Michigan Infantry; First Lieutenant Dudley H. Johnson, Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, and First Lieutenant John Kiernan, Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, who, though reported to have been carried off he field, is undoubtedly dead.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. HAYMAN,

Colonel, Thirty-seventh New York Vols., Commanding.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p.178.

---------------

