
the division flag was a little to the rear, the regiment was moved there. After remaining a short time, we moved, with the brigade, to the position we left just before the retreat across the Rappahannock.

The loss in the regiment third day was Captain Joseph Mason, Company G, killed. Of him I cannot speak in too high terms, for, while still suffering from a wound in the leg, received at Fair Oaks, which rendered him unfit for rapid marches, I always found him with his company, cheering on his men and setting an example worthy a true soldier. We shall mourn his loss as one of the brave who have fallen in the defense of their country. Lieutenant Sidney B. Smith, of Company D, as gallant an officer as ever drew a blade, was wounded in the left foot, which resulted in its amputation. During this day we had 4 killed, 28 wounded, and 5 missing.

I would respectfully call your attention to the names of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin S. Pierce, Major Moses B. Houghton, and Adjt. George W. Remington, who rendered me invaluable services on the field, and Captain Israel S. Geer, commanding Company C; Captain Daniel S. Root, commanding Company A; First Lieutenant Thomas J. Waters, commanding Company H; First Lieutenant Thomas Tate, commanding Company F; First Lieutenant David C. Crawford, commanding Company E; First Lieutenant Sidney B. Smith, commanding D, and Second Lieutenant George Hubbard, commanding Company I; First Lieutenant Andrew Nickerson, commanding Company K during the action of the 3rd instant; First Lieutenant Alfred Pew, commanding Company B; also Second Lieutenant Jerome B. Ten Eyck, who commanded Company G after the death of Captain Joseph Mason. They were constantly with their companies, and distinguished themselves for bravery and coolness under fire; in fact, all of my officers did their duty well, which is all that can be asked of a good soldier.

The regiment, as a whole, sustained the good name it won on the Peninsula, under the gallant Kearny and the brave and lamented Berry. With the exception of numbers, I consider the esprit de corps of the regiment as good now as when we started on the campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Michigan Volunteers.

Lieutenant JAMES HENRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 126. Report of Major John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Infantry.

CAMP CURTIN, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, through you, to the colonel commanding the brigade the part taken by my regiment in the recent engagements of May 2,3, and 4, at or near Chancellorsville, Va.

On Saturday, May 2, we left the Fredericksburg and Gordonsville Plank road and advanced on the enemy, supporting Berdan's Sharpshooters, who were deployed in our front. Reaching an open field, the enemy opened a battery on us, wounding 3 of my men. We remained there under fire from 2 until about 5 p.m., when we again advanced about 2 miles to the support of a battery, two companies of my command being at the same time detached and deployed as skirmishers

