
to the right and left of our brigade. We held the above position about an hour, when we marched back to an open field about 1 mile south of the Plank road. Made a charge with the brigade about 10 p.m. through the woods toward the above road on the breastworks; took them, and there remained all night. It was during that charge that most of the missing from my command were lost.

I lost 1 man killed on the following morning and 3 wounded just before leaving the above position. Soon after leaving the breastworks, we were ordered to the support of the batteries, where most of our casualties occurred, and where Lieutenant-Colonel Sherlock fell, mortally wounded by a piece of the enemy's shell. I immediately assumed command, and, in conjunction with the Third Michigan, succeeded in repulsing the enemy's skirmishers on our left.

It is, perhaps, unnecessary to give a detailed account of all the maneuvers of my command on this or the preceding day. I occupied a great many different position, and during the forty-eight hours formed no less than twenty-two different lines of battle.

It would be difficult to discriminate or mention any particular officer where all so nobly did their duty. I must, however, mention Captain Knox, acting adjutant, as being entitled to much credit for the valuable assistance he rendered me on the field.

The casualties are as follows:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded	Missing	Total

Officers	1	 3	......	 4

Enlisted men	6	38	30	74

Total*	7	41	30	78

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN PULFORD,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. HENRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 127. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis L. Leland, First New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,May 7, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with General Orders, No. 19, I have the honor to make the following report:

On Tuesday, April 28, regiment left camp; crossed the river at the United States Ford on May 1, and has remained with the brigade up to date of this report.

On May 1, it was held in reserve on the Plank road near Chancellorsville.

May 2.-About noon, marched to the right, taking part in the actions

---------------

* But see revised statement, p.178.

---------------

