
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army.*

CULPEPER, VA., March 10, 1863.

Captain Mosby has just returned from a scout, having captured Brigadier-General Stroughton, 1 captain, and 30 privates. He entered Fairfax Court-House and took them from their beds-General Stroughton, and the adjutant-general to Percy Wyndham, who was sleeping in Wyndham's bed. Wyndham, is in Washington.

FITZ. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER.

MARCH 12-16, 1863.-Scout from Camp Piatt trough Boone, Wyoming, and Logan Counties, W. Va.

Report of Major John McMahan, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP PIATT, X. VA., March 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following, and Logan Counties:

Left Camp Piatt with 140 men on the night of the 12th instant, crossed Kanawha River, and made as far as Thompson's, at the mouth of Spruce Fork of Little Coal, 16 miles.

On the 13th, traveled 30 miles to Gano's, on Pond Fork of Little Coal.

On the 14th, marched to Wyoming Court-House, a distance of 17 miles, arriving there at 12 m., meeting no rebels and hearing nothing from them. Crossed over the mountains, down Huff's Creek to Guyandotte River, a distance of 16 miles, and halted for the night. I sent Captain Davidson, of Company E, with 25 men, up Guyandotte River, to ascertain if the report was true that 13 repels were encamped at the house of A Mr. Christian, 6 miles above.

On the way up, he discovered 8 rebels (mounted) on the opposite side of the river; passed them without being noticed; founded the river and got in their rear, and succeeded in capturing 5 horses and equipments 1 lieutenant and 3 privates; 4 others took to the mountains, and escaped in the darkness. Their saddle-bags contained some 400 rounds of ammunition, which, with their guns, were turned over to the home guards who accompanied the expedition. One little negro, belonging to the lieutenant, was brought into camp. Quite a number of Floyd's old command, living in these counties, are making their way home, singly and is squads, all armed and equipped for bushwhacking, &amp;c.

On the 15th, marched up Buffalo Creek on the mountains on to Pond Creek; thence to camp on the 16th, with the loss of but one horse, abandoned from fatigue.

JOHN McMAHAN,

Major Second West Virginia Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN C. PAXTON.

---------------

* See Mosby to Stuart, March 16, in " Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

---------------

