
in which the brigade was engaged. At night marched to within a mile of our original position, and at 11 p.m. was sent to clear the woods bordering the Gordonsville road. Advanced with fixed bayonets over a slashing and line of rifle pits. In making a farther advance, received a check by a hot fire from the front and both flanks, and fell back to the rifle-pits, which were held through the night. Casualties: Killed, 5; wounded, 2 officers and 9 enlisted men; missing, 2 officers and 100 men. Total, 118.*

May 3.- At daylight, left the rifle-pits and took a new position, supporting the Fourth U. S. Artillery. Lay for two hours under a tremendous artillery fire; casualties, 6 wounded. The enemy having taken a house on our right, the division retook it by a bayonet charge, in which the regiment lost 4 men, and then retired in good order toward General Hooker's headquarters. Here the regiment was ordered by the commander-in-chief to detach 100 men to carry ammunition to the rear. While superintending this work, Colonel Pierson was shot through the shoulder. About noon, the regiment marched to support the Fourth U. S. Artillery in holding a new position. While on this duty it sustained a fire from rebel artillery and sharpshooters, by which 2 men were wounded. This position was held until the 6th, when the army recrossed the river and the regiment returned to its old camp.

I would respectfully call attention to the fact that the regiment was on the eve of being mustered out of the service when the movement commenced, its term of service having nearly expired, and that it fought well and lost heavily in all the battles and skirmishers in which the brigade was engaged.

Where so many instances of personal coolness and bravery came under my observation, it is a difficult matter to discriminate. The following-named officers and men are considered worthy of special mention; Major Joseph Yeamans; Adjt. J. Corlies White; Capts. E. Van Tuyl, Benjamin Edward D'Hervilly, and Alfred Fredberg; First Lieuts. Robert B. Montgomery, George Hudson, jr., and A. V. Eastman; Second Lieutenant Francis K. Stevens; Ord. Sergts. F. W. Thompson and James Mahoney; Corpls. Michael and John Nelson, and Sergt. Jerry DeLand.

FRANCIS L. LELAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. HENRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 128. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert Riordan, Thirty-seventh New York Infantry.

CAMP ON THE FIELD,

May 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following statement for the information of the general commanding the division:

Sunday morning, May 3, between 5 and 6 o'clock, the brigade, under Colonel Hayman, was in motion to take up a position and form line of battle. Our regiment was nearest the woods where the enemy was. We were ordered to follow the Seventeenth Maine Regiment, Colonel Merrill. While waiting for it to file off to the left and rear, the enemy

---------------

* But see revised statement, p.178.

---------------

