
Captain Randolph, chief of artillery of the Third Corps, who was present, aided in getting the battery at work. The firing was very good and well sustained until the ammunition was expended from their limbers, when the battery retired. Jastram's battery was then sent to relieve it, but before it reached the spot the rebel battery had disappeared. Leaving a section near the foundry to shell the woods as General Whipple advanced on the left, Lieutenant Jastram, with the remaining four guns, advanced with the First Division to the front and right, and shelled the woods in the immediate front until nearly dark, when orders were received to go back to the ground occupied during the day.

While this was taking in the front with General Birney, the enemy, which had massed during the day on our right (held by General Howard, Eleventh Corps), attacked him vigorously, and soon the close proximity of the firing and torrent of fleeing officers and soldiers told the story that the corps had become panic-stricken and were being routed. The batteries` which had been left in the open field near the woods, by direction of General Pleasonton, changed front to fire to the rear, and, with Martin's (Sixth New York) horse battery, soon commenced firing. The supports were a few cavalry, placed in rear by General Pleasonton. Here the batteries were warmly engaged, but, although hindered greatly by the stragglers from the Eleventh Corps flocking through, the battery sustained their part so well that the enemy were compelled to keep the woods. The firing ceased here about 8 o'clock, and shortly after Battery E, First Rhode Island (Jastram's), came in front the front and was placed in position by Captain Randolph, chief of artillery of the corps. The First Division had arrived on the ground meanwhile, and was rapidly forming. About midnight, an attack was made in our front, which opened fully our communication with general headquarters.

Just as day was breaking next morning, I was ordered by Captain Randolph to take the batteries to the open field near the Chancellor house, and four pieces of Battery E, First Rhode Island (Lieutenant Jastram), were placed in an unoccupied position of the small earthworks, about 800 yards to the right of the Chancellor house, and to the left of the Plank road . Battery B, First New Jersey (Lieutenant Sims), was put in position soon after to the left of this, in the same line of batteries, some three or four of Best's batteries (Twelfth Corps) lying between the two. Here the batteries were very hotly engaged, and fought gallantly, sustaining a heavy loss both in men and horses.

About 9 o'clock, Sims's battery was ordered to retire by General Sickles, as their ammunition was entirely expended and none now could be obtained. Shortly after this, the line of support commenced falling back, and, by order of General Birney, Jastram's battery was withdrawn from its position. A section of this battery, under Lieutenant Bucklyn, which had not previously been in action, was, by order of Captain Randolph, placed in position near the Chancellor house, with four guns of Seeley's battery (K, Fourth United States), to check the advance of the enemy as our line fell back to its new position. Here they gallantly maintained their position, under a terrible fire, until their ammunition was expended. Many cannoneers had been killed and wounded, and most of their horses killed. One gun could not be removed, but was disabled by an ax before it was left.

The batteries were subsequently withdrawn to near the United States Ford, where they remained until the morning of the 4th, when I was ordered by General Hunt to send two of them back to their camp near

