
Falmouth. Those batteries were E, First Rhode Island and Turnbull's F and K, Third United States. The remaining battery (Sims') was placed in position near the ford by Colonel Doull, of General Hunt's staff, where it remained until late in the afternoon of the 5th. It was then relieved and sent back to camp.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. JUDSON CLARK,

Captain 1st N. J. Arty., Chief of Arty., 1st Div., 3rd Army Corps.

Captain F. WALKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 131. Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the movements of this command from the time of the death of its gallant commander until it reached its present location.

On the morning of May 3, at 7.30 o'clock, I was informed by Lieutenant Freeman, aide-de-camp, of the division staff, that Major-General Berry had fallen, mortally wounded, and, in consequence thereof, the command of the division devolved on me as its senior officer present. At this time my second line was about to engage the enemy, my first line being compelled to fall back in consequence of an injudicious retreat of a Maryland regiment, belonging to General Knipe's brigade, jeopardizing my left flank, as well a section of Dimick's battery, then in position on the Plank road. On making third discovery, I at once ordered the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel McAllister, to support the artillery, which it did, until the battery was removed to the rear, in a manner highly creditable. On going to the left of the road, I found the Third Brigade advancing on the enemy in two lines. This command maintained its position until forced back by overwhelming masses of the rebels. Subsequently this brigade made several charges with the bayonet, capturing eight stand of colors (among which was the flag of the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers) and over 1,000 prisoners, adding fresh laurels to its almost universal fame.

According to the report of his brigade commander, Colonel Louis R. Francine, of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, left the line without proper authority, and proceeded, with about 400 of his men, to the United States Ford. At this critical period of the engagement, he could illy be spared, and the loss of his men was severely felt. I would respectfully suggest that the major-general commanding the corps call for Colonel Francine's explanation regarding his conduct on that occasion.

The division held its position for over four hours against a force of the enemy three times as great as its own, and until its ammunition was entirely expended, when, receiving no support, it retired. I immediately reformed the balance of the First and Third Brigades, commanded, respectively, by Colonels Blaisdell and Sewell, in the rear of the Chancellor house, but, in consequence of a galling fire from the enemy's artillery, was compelled to move down the road to the opening opposite

