
the white house. Here I learned that Brigadier General J. W. Revere had marched his command, with two regiments of the First Brigade, to the United States Ford, where these troops remained until ordered back by General Sickles on the afternoon of that day.

On reporting to the major-general commanding the corps, he ordered me to support General Whipple's division, on the left on the road leading to the Chancellor house. One hour later, in accordance with instructions from General Sickles, I reported at the white house, to General Meade, who directed me to support General Sykes, who was in position on the road about half a mile below the white house. The execution of this order had been scarcely completed when I was ordered to support General Whipple, and throw up an abatis for the protection of my command, which was immediately done. Shortly after the abatis had been completed, by the direction of General Sickles I changed my position to the left and rear of the white house, where I bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 4th instant, I was ordered to send out to the front one regiment from my command. For this duty I detailed the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel McAllister, which was subjected to a heavy fire from the enemy's guns, and, I regret to add, from our own batteries, which resulted in the loss of 15 men. Colonel McAllister necessarily retired a short distance, but shortly after assumed his proper position.

On the evening of the 5th instant, I received orders to hold my command in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and accordingly directed brigade commanders to remain under arms, which they did until I was directed by an aide of General Sickles to retain my bivouac. In an hour from this time I received orders to march in the direction of the United States Ford.

I commenced the movement at 2 a.m. on the 6th instant, and crossed the Rappahannock in good order at 5 o'clock, nothing occurring to impede the march. I halted once for breakfast, and again for dinner and rest, reaching camp late in the afternoon.

For a detailed report of the operations of the artillery of this division, I refer you to the accompanying report of my chief, Captain Thomas W. Osborn. Never was artillery rendered more available than at the battle of Chancellorsville. Advancing masses of rebel infantry were driven back in confusion and fearfully decimated by the skill, energy, and determination of my battery commanders. The artillery covered itself with glory and undying fame.

Inclosed please find the reports of my brigade commanders, which explain the various movements of their respective commands.

I avail myself of this opportunity to bear testimony to the general good conduct of the officers and soldiers of the old Second Division, who maintained, with great zeal, ardor, and gallantry, the world-wide reputation which they have so nobly and honorably won on many battle-fields, under the leadership of their former brave and undaunted commander, Major General Joseph Hooker. At Chancellorsville especially they fought like veterans, brave soldiers that they are, reflecting credit and honor upon themselves, their division, and their country.

The presence of Major General Daniel E. Sickles, commanding Third Army Corps, on the field, amid the storm of iron, had a salutary effect on the troops, inspiring them with hope and confidence and renewed efforts to repel the enemy.

It affords me pleasure to honorably mention for gallant and meritorious conduct during the engagement of the 3rd instant Brigadier-General

