
Mott, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel George C. Burling, Sixth New Jersey Volunteers; Colonel John Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers; Colonel Robert McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers; Colonel B. C. Tilghman, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Colonel J. Egbert Farnum, Seventieth New York Volunteers, afterward commanding brigade; Lieutenant Colonel S. Moore, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Waldo Merriam, Sixteenth Massachusetts; Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Francis Price, jr., Seventh Jersey Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Lounsbury, Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers; Majs. Ashel W. Angel, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, and William B. Tibbits, Second New York Volunteers; Captain Charles L. Young, Seventh New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Brigade, who was severely wounded while bearing an order for the division commander; Captain George E. Henry, First Massachusetts Volunteers, aide-de-camp, First Brigade, and Lieutenant Thomas H. Fisher, aide-de-camp, Third Brigade; also Surg. LeRoy, Second New York Volunteers, for very efficient services rendered in his department.

The following-named officers, being entitled to distinction for their untiring industry and unwearied labors on the field, and for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Chancellorsville, are recommended for brevet promotions:

Colonel William J. Sewell, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, who was slightly wounded, but remained with his regiment, and subsequently assumed command of his brigade; Colonel Sidney W. Park, Second New York Volunteers, who fell, wounded, at the head of his command, whose time of service expired in eleven days; Captain Thomas W. Osborn, Battery D, First York, chief of artillery; First Francis W. Seeley, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery; Colonel Napoleon B. McLaughlen, First Massachusetts Volunteers; First Lieutenant George B. Winslow, commanding Battery D, First New York Artillery; Second Lieutenant James A. Sanderson, Company H, First U. S. Artillery; Captain John S. Poland, Second U. S. Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general and aide-de-camp; Captain Le Grand Benedict, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant George Gould, aide-de-camp, First Brigade, and Lieutenant George W. Freeman, aide-de-camp, division staff.

Great credit is due Asst. Surg. J. Theodore Calhoun, U. S. Army, medical director of the division, for the prompt establishment of his hospitals, and for the general good condition and management of his department throughout the campaign; also to Captain James F. Rusling, assistant quartermaster; Captain James D. Earle, commissary of subsistence, and Captain Benjamin W. Hoxie, ordnance officer, for the fidelity and promptness with which they performed the laborious duties pertaining to their respective departments.

It is with pain I close this report with the record of the death of Major General Hiram G. Berry, late commander of this division. On Sunday, the 3rd instant, at 7 a.m., he fell, mortally wounded, and at 7.26 a.m. he died, peacefully, heroically. I cannot describe the advance his absence creates, not only in the hearts of his command but in the army with which he has served in so distinguished a manner. He had become endeared to all under him, around him, and to many above, through his honest kindness, amiability, and steady friendship. Gentleness and courage undaunted marked him as commander and leader. Endowed with sound judgment, actuated by a burning patriotism, impelled by a fiery ardor, his military career has appeared a success.

