
A tribute is due Colonel W. O. Stevens, Seventy-second New York Volunteers, who fell, on the morning of the same day, while giving his regiment a thrilling example of how a soldier should meet his foe. In his sphere his loss is to be deplored.

Our division artillery, which behaved in such an unparalleled manner, whose fortitude and tenacity to the execution of its appointed duties, amid appalling dangers, mourns the sad loss of one od its most promising officers, First Lieutenant Justin E. Dimick, Battery H, First U. S. Artillery. His conduct cannot be described; it was encouraging and inspiriting beyond expression to witness him as he coolly poured into the rebel masses but a few yards distant volley after volley of grape and canister. The artillery arm has lost one its most promising officers.

The One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers has lost its brave leader, Colonel F. A. Lancaster. He had received a wound at Bristoe Station, Va., while major of the regiment, and for his gallantry in that engagement was promoted to the command of the regiment.

Captain Charles E. Rand, First Massachusetts Volunteers, is among those who fell while encouraging their men, yielding life nobly and stoically, as a true soldier, for his nation's glory and supremacy.

A battle cannot be fought without the sacrifice of some of the best officers of a command, but that the division should lose from its best officers only is hard to realize.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 132. Report of Captain John S. Poland, Second U. S. Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General-in-chief.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH VA.,

May 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of this division, from April 28 to May 3, while under the command of the late General Berry.

On Tuesday, the 28th ultimo, at 5 p.m., the division moved down the river to Franklin's bridge, with the Third Corps, to support the First and Sixth Corps.

On the morning of the 29th, took up position on the heights covering the bridge, the Sixth Corps having effected a crossing and established one division in line on the opposite bank.

Thursday, 11 a.m., the division, with the corps, started toward the United States Ford, to join the main body of the army. Not being able to cross the ford that night, bivouacked about 3 miles distant.

On Friday a.m. it crossed. At 1 p.m. took up position by brigade, to connect Whipple's division with the ford, with pickets duly thrown out on right flank. Two regiments of the Third (Mott's) Brigade were sent to the north side of the river as a guard to the transportation.

About 4 p.m. the division was ordered to the front, excepting Mott's brigade, which was specially ordered to take a defensive position at the ford, supported by First Lieutenant Seeley's battery (K), Fourth U. S. Artillery.

