
on the left of the road, which was placed in reserve to the second line; but, a short time after daylight, the enemy's attack began with heavy columns against our single line, which, by the aid of its rude defense, held its own successfully until the premature and precipitate withdrawal of the Third Maryland Regiment.

The enemy followed up his advantage, when, perceiving the left of our line on the right of the Plank road, he opened on it an enfilading fire, obliging it to retire, but reluctantly. At 7 a.m., while attempting to move forward, but in vain, the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers to replace the fleeing regiment and to save the left of the line on the right, my attention was called to General Berry, who had fallen, mortally wounded, in the center of the road. Seeing him in the hands of Captain Benedict, assistant adjutant general, I dispatched Lieutenant Freeman to General Carr, with the notice that the command devolved upon him. Immediately discovering the enemy crossing the road, to the imminent danger of the First Massachusetts Regiment's flank, I ordered Colonel McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, to advance and force the enemy back, for the safety of our regiments, to the right of the road; but, unfortunately, my authority was questioned at an untimely moment.

This flank attack caused the withdrawal of the First Massachusetts, and, successively, by regiments the whole line. The Third (Mott's) Brigade, which had been relieved at the ford, and had arrived at about 12 p.m., posted on the left of the road in line, as a support to General Williams' troops, at 7.30 o'clock, retook our stockade, capturing several colors and many prisoners. During the heavy fire of the first assault, Lieutenant Dimick received two wounds-one in the foot, another in the back-from musket-balls, at about the time General Berry fell.

The section of artillery commanded by Lieutenant Dimick, placed in the road and completing the connection of the lines of infantry, was greatly endangered by the regiment of the Third Maryland Regiment, but one gun was ordered off just before Lieutenant Dimick was disabled. After our reoccupation of the stockade by the Third Brigade, Lieutenant Sanderson, of Battery H, First U. S. Artillery, boldly advanced with a limber, and withdrew the remaining gun amid a storm of musketry. Not a braver act is recorded in the history of the war. The caisson was disabled by the fall of one of its horses, and had to be abandoned. General Carr took command of the division at 7.30 a.m.

Respectfully submitted.

J. S. POLAND,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Chief of Staff, Second Div.

Brigadier General JOSEPH B. CARR,

Commanding Second Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 133. Report of Lieutenant William J. Rusling, Fifth New Jersey Infantry, Ambulance Officer.

HEADQUARTERS BERRY'S DIVISION, May 8, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the ambulance corps of this division during the recent movement:

On the afternoon of April 28, the stretcher-bearers detailed to accom-

