
pany the troops of the division marched with their respective brigades; the train followed the ensuing morning, parking in the vicinity of the troops. Nothing occurred while on the left requiring special notice.

On the afternoon of the 30th, the train took up the line of march, following in rear of the division, arriving next day at the United States Ford, where it was ordered into park. No ambulances of the division were allowed to cross the river until the afternoon of May 3. From that time until the afternoon of the 7th, the whole force of the corps was constantly employed in removing the wounded from the field to hospitals in the rear, and from thence to the corps hospital at Potomac Creek.

Lieutenants [Thomas M.] Allen, [John M.] Dredger, and [Henry R.] Clark, commanding, respectively, the First, Second, and Third Brigade trains, were active and untiring in their efforts to promote the efficiency of the corps. The men of the whole command labored hard and incessantly, all being actuated by the same motive, the desire to remove, with as much dispatch and as gently as possible, the wounded of the division.

I have to report two casualties, one of the attendants slightly, the other badly wounded. In consequence of the bad condition of the roads, the horses have suffered severely. Quite a number of the ambulances and harness are out of repair, and but few of the stretchers left. The train is at present employed in transporting wounded from the corps hospital at Potomac Creek to the railroad station. As soon as it arrives back, in park its condition will be minutely reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. RUSLING,

1st Lieutenant, Commanding Ambulances, 2nd Div., 3rd Army Corps.

Lieutenant A. WEBSTER,

Chief of Ambulances, Third Army Corps.

No. 134. Report of Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the First Brigade during the late operations of the army:

Four regiments of this brigade, under the command of General Carr, moved from camp, near Falmouth, Va., April 28, at about 6 p. m., to a point near the Rappahannock, and 3 miles below Falmouth. The Eleventh Massachusetts, being on picket at the time of the move, did not reach the brigade until the morning of the 29th.

On the 30th, about 12 o'clock, we took up the line of march toward the right. We marched to within 4 1/2 miles of the United States Ford, and halted for the night.

At 5 o'clock on the morning of May 1, we again marched; crossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and established a picket line about 1 mile from the ford. We remained here but a very short time, when we were ordered to the front, a distance of some 2 1/2 miles; this we reached about 7 o'clock. Here we formed in column of division, closed in mass, and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 2nd, two regiments were ordered to the front from this command to reconnoiter and feel the enemy. The two regiments sent were the Eleventh Massachusetts, Colonel Blaisdell, and

