
Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Thilghman. The Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers proceeded to our immediate front, and the Eleventh Massachusetts proceeded to the left, to operate on General Hancock's line. About noon, the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was recalled. It loss while out was 2 killed and 4 wounded; the Eleventh Massachusetts still held its position on the left. About 5 o'clock, the enemy in large force advanced on our right, held by the Eleventh corps, completely overwhelming it, and causing it to fall back in confusion. Now our brigade was ordered to that position, except the Eleventh Massachusetts, which still kept its position on the left. We were formed in two lines, the First Massachusetts and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers forming on the front line, with General Revere's brigade, and the remaining two regiments on the second line, in their rear. Here the enemy was checked and a stop put to his advance during the night. About 12 o'clock, the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers was withdrawn from the left, and put in position on the second line, joining the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers. While in this position on the left, during the day, the Eleventh Massachusetts was complimented by General Hancock for the duty which it had performed, and the commanding officer of the regiment speaks in high terms of the conduct of his officers and men, but censures in the highest terms the conduct of some of Berdan's Sharpshooters, who were sent out with him as skirmishers. He says it was impossible to keep them to the front, and he was obliged to send some of his own regiment to the front as skirmishers, armies only with smooth-bore muskets.

The commanding officer of the Eleventh Massachusetts wishes to mention Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, who rendered important service by his coolness and bravery during the whole day. During the day this regiment lost 3 killed and 9 wounded.

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd, the enemy advanced on our front line, held by General Revere's brigade, together with two regiments of this brigade, the First Massachusetts and the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The battle raged fearfully for two hours, the front line gallantly holding its position; but the enemy succeeding in reaching the left flank of our line, our first line was obliged to fall back. Then the second line took up the battle, and struggled long and hard to maintain their position, but were obliged to fall back.

During this engagement Major-General Berry was killed, and General Carr was ordered to command the division and Colonel Blaisdell to command the brigade.

I cannot speak in to high terms of the officers and men of this command during this engagement; they fought desperately, and fell back only when compelled by circumstances which could not be avoided by this command.

Colonel McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, mentions in the highest terms Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, Captain Kearny, and Adjutant Schoonover, for their services during the whole time.

The remains of the brigade which could be found were collected together about half a mile from our front line, and reformed, and were again ready for the conflict. A part of the command had been taken some miles to the rear by General Revere, with his command. It is unnecessary for me to make any remarks on this proceeding. Our brigade was now formed in column of regiments close to half distance, about half a mile from the Chancellor house. Here the enemy were checked and made no farther advance. We remained in this position the night of the 3rd.

