
Here we remained until the evening of the 5th, when my regiment was ordered to report to Captain Randolph, chief of artillery.

We again joined the brigade at 5.30 a. m., May 6, and marched back to our old camp.

My regiment captured and turned over to General Berry 4 horses, 2 sets of harness, and 2 saddles and bridles. We lost 157 knapsacks, 110 haversacks, 51 canteens, 49 woolen blankets, and 96 rubber blankets.

The following is a list of casualties:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers	1	 2	 2	 5

Enlisted men	8	42	40	90

Total*	9	44	42	95

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NAP. B. McLAUGHLEN,

Colonel First Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.

Captain GEORGE E. HENRY, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

No. 136. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the following movements of this regiment during the late campaign of the Army of the Potomac:

The regiment left camp April 29, and marched about 3 miles down the river, where it remained until 12m., April 30, at which time it received orders to march to the right. After marching all day, it encamped for the night about 3 miles form the river.

Next morning (May 1), it crossed the river at the United States Ford, and proceeded immediately to the front, where it arrived about 9 p. m.

It remained here until next morning at 8 o'clock, when it received orders to march to the front. After proceeding as far as the batteries in front of General Hooker's headquarters, the regiment took the road to the extreme left. It marched up this road about 1 mile, when it came in contact with the enemy's sharpshooters. After throwing out skirmishers, consisting of a detachment of sharpshooters, the regiment commenced to feel the enemy's position. The sharpshooters sent with the regiment shamefully ran away from the enemy's fire, and Lieutenant Colonel Porter D. Tripp, commanding the advanced skirmishers of the regiment, was obliged to advance his own men, armed only with smooth-bore springfield muskets, to take their place.

They held this ground until 3 p. m., when the enemy advanced in line of battle, and compelled them to fall back to the main body of the regiment. After about an hour's hard fighting, the regiment succeeded in repulsing the enemy, with some loss, when Lieutenant-Colonel Tripp immediately advanced his skirmishers and retook his former position, which he held until 5 p. m, when the enemy advanced in

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.178.

---------------

