
great force, and again succeeded in forcing the skirmishers back upon the main body. Here the regiment made a gallant resistance, not a man leaving the ranks, but all seemed determined to do their duty. After about one and a half hour's hard fighting, the enemy gave up the contest, and fell back to their main body.

The regiment maintained its position until 10 p. m., May 2, when it was relieved by orders from General Hancock.

The regiment returned to camp for its haversacks, and about 11 p. m. was ordered to join the division, on the extreme right, where it arrived about 12 m. the same night. After forming in line of battle on the right of the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, the regiment lay on its arms all night.

Next morning at daybreak the regiment was under arms, awaiting the attack of the enemy. At about 6 a. m, May 3, the enemy advanced in great force, and succeeded in breaking the first line, which passed entirely over this regiment, which waited until all had passed to the rear, and then commenced firing, and succeeded in driving us from our position in the woods. The regiment offered a desperate resistance, and only fell back when no hope remained to make a successful effort to hold the ground. After falling back about half a mile, Colonel Blaisdell was assigned to the command of the regiment. The regiment marched to an open field, where it took up position in front of the enemy, near General Hooker's headquarters. It remained here two hours, when it fell back to the line of intrenchments, where it remained until May 6, at 2 a. m, when orders were received to fall back to the opposite side of the river, after which the regiment marched to its old camp, near Falmouth, Va., where it arrived at 6 p. m, May 6.

Colonel Blaisdell was conspicuous for his bravery and gallantry while in command of the regiment, and was highly complimented by General Hancock for the manner in which devolved upon them on the extreme left, sustaining unaided the attacks made by the enemy to force that position during the entire day of May 2. Generals Hancock and Couch also tendered their warmest thanks to the regiment, through Colonel Blaisdell, for the gallant manner in which it assisted General Hancock to sustain his position. General Hancock also expressed his intention of mentioning the regiment in his official report of may 2, station that he considered it but justice to the officers and men who had so gallantly assisted him in repulsing the enemy from his positions during May 2.

The following is a list of casualties:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Commissioned officers	1	 6	---	 7

Enlisted men	5	57	5	67

Total*	6	63	5	74

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PORTER D. TRIPP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE GOULD, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.178.

---------------

