
with the brigade toward the river, below Fredericksburg, General Carr commanding; 10 p. m., halted in a ravine near the river and remained for the night; regiment all up promptly.

April 29. - At dawn of day received orders to be in readiness to move at 7 a. m., when we moved a short distance nearer the river and halted. We remained in this place until 1.30 p. m., April 30, when we moved up the river. Had a long and hard march; very trying on the men; the men marched well; halted at 12 midnight, with orders to be ready to move at 6 o'clock the next morning.

May 1. - Column moved toward the United States Ford; crossed the river at 12.30 p. m.; halted a short time on the hill, and moved on 1 mile, where we were placed as a picket reserve. At 4 p. m. firing heard to the left; our brigade ordered in that direction; moved rapidly; halted in the woods on the Chancellor farm, near General Hooker's headquarters. We remained all night, the brigade closed in mass, the firing having ceased.

May 2. - I remained with my command, as above stated, until late in the afternoon, when we received orders to move forward and up the Plank road, General Berry and Carr at the head of the column, when we met the retreating, scattered, and confused forces of the Eleventh Corps. We moved up in double-quick time sa short distance, when I was ordered to file to the right into the woods and form a line of battle, which I did, and was informed that there was a line in the advance of me. We remained in this position a short time, when I was ordered to move to the rear and right, where I remained during the night, the line in front checking the enemy's advance.

May 3. - Before the dawn on day I was ordered to move my command toward the road, with the left resting on the road and at right angles thereto, General Carr directing the formation. The Eleventh Massachusetts, commanded by Colonel blaisdell, came into the woods and formed on my right, on the same line of battle, there then being one line on our advance and one in our rear. At 4.30 a. m. the enemy moved upon our front line in heavy force, and the battle raged furiously. For some time the front lines stood firm, when the left wing of the First Massachusetts gave way. Colonel McLaughlen came to the rear. I asked him what was the matter. He replied that his left had given way, but that his right was still firm, and that he was going back to rally the left. I sent the adjutant to General Carr to know whether I should advance or remain in my position. I could not let my whole regiment fire on account of the right wing of the First Massachusetts still being in place. I was ordered to throw the right of my left wing forward, which I did, and commenced firing. The right wing held their fire until the enemy's volleys poured in upon them, when I ordered them to fire. The battle raged with force. Shortly afterward I discovered that the enemy was flanking my right. I then ordered a right half-wheel of my regiment, when the fire was returned briskly, and the enemy fell back. Captain Gammell, of the Eleventh Massachusetts, with 8 men, reported to me, and asked the privilege to join us, which I cheerfully granted. both himself and his men fought bravely, and deserve great credit. In this position we continued for some time, our men fighting bravely, sometimes advancing and sometimes retreating slowly, holding our position in advance of our old line, and checking the enemy until the battery in the road fell back, and also the New Jersey brigade, on the left of the road. We then retreated slowly, still keeping up a continual fire.

After retreating across the hill, we joined other troops, and charged upon the enemy, now in our works on the hill, and drove them out; but

