
May 6, at 2 a. m, we moved toward the river with our corps; crossed and marched to our old camp.

The above embraces the main facts of our movements. Hope they will prove satisfactory.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE E. HENRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 139. Report of Major Robert L. Bodine, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUT, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding the brigade, that the Twenty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers left this camp the afternoon of April 28, and marched the same evening to a point near the river, about 4 miles from Fredericksburg, and remained in camp in that vicinity until the 30th, when we broke camp and marched to near Hartwood Church, and bivouacked for the night.

On May 1, we broke camp early, and crossed the river and proceeded to Chancellorsville, where General Hooker had his first line of battle, and bivouacked near it.

On the morning of the 2nd, the regiment was ordered to reconnoiter the enemy's position on the Plank road running southeast from General Hooker' headquarters, driving in the enemy's pickets, and, after proceeding about 1 1/4 miles, came upon them in force, consisting of two lines of battle and a battery on artillery, when General Hooker ordered the regiment to be withdrawn, which was done. We sustained a loss of 2 men killed and 4 men wounded.

On the afternoon of the same day, we went to the right and front to repulse the enemy, who was driving in and pursuit the Eleventh Army corps, after which we were posted in the front line, on the right of the Excelsior Brigade, and remained until the morning of Sunday, May 3, when, our lines having been broken to the left of our brigade, and the enemy getting in our rear and flank, we were compelled to retire, which was done in good order, the men keeping up a constant fire, leaving all the dead and some wounded on the field. I am convinced that our fire was very destructive to the enemy, as they were massed, and the men of this regiment fired with remarkable coolness and precision.

After reforming the regiment, we were marched by General Revere down the road toward the ferry and back again the same day, a transaction of which I have already made a report to Brigadier-General Carr.

The loss of this day was quite heavy, and among those wounded in the action was Colonel B. C. Tilghman, whole gallantly endeavoring to stop the avalanche of rebels who were then pouring down upon our left flank in solid masses; also Lieutenants Woodward and Hamilton, of Company I, who were wounded early in the action.

On the 4th, the regiment lay in camp near the front, and remained there until about 2 o'clock of the morning of the 6th, when we took up

