
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 26, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

If there any of the male portion of the community operating as bush whackers or guerrillas against our troops, and the facts can be proven, let them arrested and brought in. The commanding general commit understand why our cavalry cannot operate where enemy's cavalry prove so active. These papers to be returned.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John M. Southworth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 17, 1863.

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find report from General Pleasonton in regard to the capture of a patrol; also telegram from Captain Southworth in regard to the same affair. These annoyances will continue until some stringent measures are taken to clear the section of country of every male inhabitant, either by shooting, hanging, banishment, or incarceration. I had party organized some time ago to do this, but the commanding general did not at that time think it advisable to send it out. A great portion of the country is of such a nature that it is impossible for cavalry to operate in it, and to perform the duty properly will require the cooperation of an infantry force. The country is infested by a set of bushwhacking thieves and smugglers who should be eradicated, root and branch.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Dumfries, Va., March 16, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that the patrol sent to look for the patrol sent from here at 4 p. m. yesterday have returned, and report that the patrol left Occoquan Village to return at 8 p. m. last evening, and at daylight this morning they found tracks and mars in the road about 3 1/2 miles from here, which indicated capture by a party of 20 or 25 men on foot, lying in a marsh on both sides of a deep ravine through which they had to pass. Three sabers were found in the woods near by which wound indicate that the men third to escape on foot. The captured party consisted of a corporal and 6 men.

I am, sir, you obedient servant,

J. M. SOUTHWORTH,

Captain Company H, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

