
our line of march, and recrossed the river early in the forenoon, and reached our present camp the same day.

During the whole time, I am happy to say, the officers of this regiment displayed great coolness and bravery, without a single exception, and the men preformed their duty with daring gallantry and cheerfulness.

The loss of my regiment was, on May 2, 2 enlisted men killed and 4 wounded; and on May 3, 12 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 63 enlisted men wounded, and 9 men missing. Total, 14 killed, 70 wounded, and 9 missing.*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

ROBERT L. BODINE,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE E. HENRY, Acting Asst. Adjt. General

No. 140. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph W. Revere, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, May 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that after my brigade had left the field this morning, I found myself the senior officer of the division present, and, after rallying and forming the broken command, who were almost without ammunition and quite out of rations, I moved them down the road for the purpose of reorganizing and bringing them back to the field comparatively fresh, after consulting commanding officers of the regiments present.

I did not act under any orders, but did as seemed to me best under the circumstances.+

This movement commenced about 8 a. m., and I returned at about 3 p. m. with parts of nearly every regiment in the division, having received numerus augmentations on the march, and with renewed ammunition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. REVERE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. HAYDEN,

Assistant Inspector-General, Third Army Corps.
HDQRS. EXCELSIOR (2ND) Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 3rd ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to report the operations of the brigade during the past few days, as follows:

On April 28, in pursuance of orders from division headquarters, at 3.30 p. m. we marched from our encampment and bivouacked for the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.178.

+Brigadier-General Revere was convicted by court-martial, and dismissed, for marching his command, without orders from his superior officer, to about three miles from the scene of action and toward United States Ford; but by direction of the President this dismissal was revoked, and General Revere's resignation was accepted. (G. O., Numbers 282, A. G. O., 1863, and S. O., Numbers 302, A. G. O., 1864.)

---------------

