
At this time, hearing that the Third Brigade was collected close by the ford, I sent back one of my aides, Lieutenant Belger, to bring it up to join that part of the division then with me. Lieutenant Belger succeeded also in collecting upward of 300 men of the different divisions of the corps, having been directed to do so by Lieutenant-Colonel Hart.

Arrived at the front, at the head of about 2,000 men of the division, at 2.30 p. m. I reported to Major-General Sickles, commanding the Third corps, who relieved me from the command, having previously turned over the command of this bridge to Colonel J. Egbert Farnum, First Excelsior Regiment.

Where all performed their duty nobly and gallantly, both officers and soldiers, it would be invidious to particularize, but I would respectfully be g leave to mention the officers of my staff, Major John P. Finkelmeier especially for his valuable services in holding the command in hand and carrying out my orders; also Captain Charles L. Young, who was wounded, and my aides-de-camp, Lieutenant [W. Elliott] Crofts, [Charles B.] Paul, and [Edward A.] Belger.

I regret deeply to say that the brave Colonel William O. Stevens, of the Third Excelsior, is either killed or wounded and a prisoner, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lounsbury and Major Alles, Fifth Excelsior, are grievously wounded.

I would also respectfully call your attention to the regimental reports, herewith inclosed, for particulars as to the meritorious conduct of the officer and men therein particularized, and who deserve promotion for their well-timed gallantry.

I subjoin a list of the casualties in the brigade.*

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. W. REVERE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 141. Reports of Colonel J. Egbert Farnum, Seventieth New York Infantry, commanding regiment and Second Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of this regiment in the recent operations:

At 4 p. m. on April 28, we broke camp and marched near to the Rappahannock, below Fredericksburg, where we remained until the 30th.

At about 1 p.m. of that day we took up the line of march, and halted within about 4 miles of the United States Ford.

Resuming the march at about 8 a. m. on the following day (May 1), we crossed the river and marched to the front, where we arrived about 6 p. m.

We there remained in reserve until about 5 p. m., May 2, when we

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.179.

---------------

