
were rapidly moved up the Plank road and deployed into the woods on its right. After considerable difficulty, we formed a connection in line of battle with the Third Excelsior on the right and the Second Excelsior on the left. The line being formed, I detached the right company, under Lieutenant [William G.] Tackabery, and deployed it as skirmishers in front; then, with such implements as we could gather, we threw up breastworks, with an abatis in front of them. Relieving the right company, I placed the two left companies under the command of Captain Hugo, who deployed them in front, and advanced the line of pickets until they were close upon those of the enemy, who were massed in front of us.

Alarms and firing continued during the night, and at 6 a. m. on the 3rd enemy assaulted us with great vigor on our whole line. The regiment maintained its position firmly until our left was turned, and then, being greatly outnumbered, and the regiments on our left having abandoned their position, we fell back without more disorder than the nature of the dense woods warranted. Arriving near the white house, I reformed the regiment and remained there subject to orders, which being speedily given, the regiment, with the balance of the brigade, under the orders of Brigade-General Revere, moved some distance toward the ford.

At about 3 p. m. the same day, I was officially informed that General Revere was relieved from duty, and then the command of the brigade devolved upon me, whereupon I assumed command, and Lieutenant-Colonel Holt took command of the regiment.

The conduct of both officers and men met my entire approbation. Veterans as they are, they nobly sustained their reputation won on other fields. All did their duty to their country and to their colors. During the action of the 3rd, the regiment lost 4 killed, 11 wounded, and 18 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. EGBERT FARNUM,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment, Excelsior Brigade.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 3rd ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at about 3 p. m. on the 3rd instant I was officially placed in command of this brigade, General Revere being relieved, and I being the senior officer present. The brigade was then formed on the road leading to Chancellorsville and near to the whole house. Acting under orders from Brigadier-General Carr, commanding the division, I marched the brigade to the left of the road near the open field, and breaking it into columns of regiments at half distance, with the right resting toward the road, immediately commenced works for defense, placing the Fourth and Fifth Excelsior within them, and holding the balance of the brigade as a support or relief as exigencies might demand.

I remained in this position until 2 a. m. on the 6th, when I was ordered to take up the line of march, following the Third Brigade of this division. shortly after daybreak, we recrossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and, pursuing, our march reached our old

