
action of Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, in which the officers and enlisted men discharged their duty in the most efficient manner.

The regiment lost in this engagement:

Officers and men. 	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers	---	 2	---	 2

Enlisted men	1	12	20	33

Total*	1	14	20	35

The regiment captured Captain Davis, of the Fifty-fifth Virginia Regiment, and 5 privates of the enemy, on Sunday morning previous to the action.

We returned to camp on Wednesday, the 6th instant, having taken an active part in all the movements of the brigade during the time.

Very respectfully,

H. L. POTTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

No. 144. Report of Major John Leonard, Seventy-second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Excelsior Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment now under my command during the recent operations:

On April 28, in pursuance of orders, my command was marched to a point near the river, 3 or 4 miles below Fredericksburg, where it halted for the night and bivouacked in the woods.

The following morning, in compliance with instructions, the command was moved about 1 mile to the right, where it halted and remained until the next day, when, in compliance with orders received rom the brigadier-general commanding the brigade, the regiment was moved to the immediate vicinity of the United States Ford, where it encamped for the night.

Next day (May 2), at about 11 a. m., the brigade of which my regiment constitutes a part crossed the pontoon bridge at the United States Ford, and marched to the support of the right of the army, which was then heavily engaged at or near Chancellorsville, where we remained unite arms until the evening on the 2nd.

We were then ordered to proceed up the Fredericksburg and Gordonsville Plank road, to take a position in rear of the Eleventh Army Corps, which had been repulsed and broken, for the purpose of checking the enemy at that point. We then marched with the brigade about a mile up the road, and formed in line of battle on the right of it and

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.179.

---------------

