
bearing of the men now under my command, I cannot but join my sympathies with those of the entire command in mourning the loss of our brave and noble colonel, whose character as a soldier and a gentleman is in sullied, and whose many virtues endeared him to the hearts of all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LEONARD,

Major, Commanding Third Regiment, Excelsior Brigade.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

No. 145. Report of Major Michael W. Burns, Seventy-third New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

MAJOR: Pursuant to circular of this date from headquarters Third Corps, I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the transactions of my regiment during the recent operations:

We broke camp at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, April 28, when we marched to the left and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 29th ultimo, we again moved a short distance, and bivouacked until the morning of the 30th. We then marched with the brigade until 8.30 p. m., when we again bivouacked in a field, and in the morning of May 1 continued the march, and crossed the Rappahannock River at the United States Ford. When about 2 miles from the river, we were ordered on picket, and soon after being posted were called in and continued the march to the front, where we bivouacked on the roadside in the rear of the brick house until the afternoon of the 2nd instant, when we were ordered to move, and placed in position on the left of the Plank road, where we awaited the enemy, who immediately attacked us and was repulsed. This was followed by two more attacks, with the same result. During these attacks the regiment was very much exposed to a murderous fire on the front and flanks, notwithstanding which both officers and men behaved most coolly and gallantly.

At 4 p. m. on the 3rd instant, the regiment was ordered to the second line of defenses, having been relieved by the Third Maryland Volunteers, where we remained until daylight, when the regiment was again ordered to take position in the front, on the right of the division, which position we held until compelled to fall back by the enemy being in our rear, which was done in good order. Subsequently to this the regiment was held in reserve in the rear of the rifle-pits, and at daylight on the 6th instant we then marched to the rear, recrossed the river, and reached camp on the same evening.

All the officers of the regiment conducted themselves well, and in justice to them I cannot mention any particular names. I take pleasure, however, in mentioning the names of Sergt. Major Edward Harris and Sergts. Frank Moran, Company H; [Charles H.] Potter, Company B; [John] Manning, Company A; [George P.] Dennen, Company C; [Michael] Harney, Company D (wounded); [Martin E.] Higgins, Company E, and [Allen S.] Haynes, Company G, all of whom played their parts well.

The loss sustained by the regiment is as follows: Killed, 3; wounded,

