
28; missing, 6. Total, 37.* The regiment had the misfortune to lose all its knapsacks, which left on the roadside near the brick house on Saturday night, May 2.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WM. BURNS,

Major, Commanding 4th Regiment, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 3rd Army Corps.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 146. Report of Captain Francis E. Tyler, Seventy-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following account in relation to the movements of my regiment from April 28 to May 6:

On the afternoon of April 28, we took up our line of march for the river, which we reached at dark, and went into camp.

Early next morning, we moved down the line of the river nearer Fredericksburg, and there went into camp, which we left on the next day, early in the afternoon, and marched in the direction of Warrenton until dark, and then encamped for the night in a large open field.

About 10 o'clock next morning we took up our line of march, and reached the United States Ford about midday, and immediately crossed the river. After resting an hour, we again moved forward and stacked arms in a piece of woods on the left of the road, and near the large brick house immediately in the rear of our first line of works. In these woods we encamped for the night, and on the following day, at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, we received orders to march, and moved rapidly down the Plank road to the right of our line about three-fourths of a mile, where we formed brigade line of battle on the right of the road. Upon taking our position, Lieutenant Colonel William H. Lounsbury, who then commanded the regiment, advanced one company as pickets in front of our lines, connecting on the right with those of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, and on the left of the First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers. During the night there was considerable firing between our pickets and those of the enemy. Several times during the night we could hear the enemy apparently massing columns and advancing troops in front; but, meeting with we gathered brush and threw it in front of said works, so forming a strong abatis.

At daylight next morning, the enemy attacked our left, moving down the Plank road in heavy force, and filing to the right and left of the road, so as to cover both wings of our lines, having a strong line of skirmishers in front, which offered a stubborn resistance to every attempt of the enemy to advance. We held our fire until the column of the enemy had advanced to within 80 paces, when we opened on it a severe and rapid fire, which effectually stopped its advance. The battle raged long and stubbornly, the men of my regiment acting with great coolness, and firing with precision.

During the height of the battle, Lieutenant Colonel William H. Lounsbury

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.179.

---------------

