
receive a wound in the face, which rendered him incapable of further command. Captain H. M. Alles, acting major, then took command, and shortly afterward was wounded and carried from the field. I then took command of the regiment, being the senior captain present. Shortly after this, the left of the line gave way, entirely exposing our left flank, which rested near the road, and rendering the position we held untenable. It was with great reluctance that I then gave the order to fall back, feeling confident then, as I how do, that, had the line remained compact and firm, we could easily have repulsed the enemy with feat loss.

After falling back from our first line, I determined to reform on our second line of battle, located some distance in our rear. When I reached that point, I halted the colors and tried to form a new line on them, but the left our line, then in front, of us, having fallen back without firing a shot, I found it impossible to form a line there. I then fell back into the open field, where I halted and reformed my regiment.

Having reformed my regiment, I advanced into the open field, and finding our brigade in columns near the large white house, I took position on the left. After staying in this position for a short time, we were marched to the rear, a short distance from the river, and there halted for some half hour, and then again marched to the front, where we took position in the center of the third line of battle.

The next morning, my regiment was ordered to take position some hundred yards in front, which formed the second line, and there throw up works for our own protection, which we did, making the position very strong.

On the following afternoon, we were ordered to take position in the rear, some hundred yards distant, and there to form column at half distance.

At 2 o'clock next morning, were ordered to move, and took up our line of march for the rear. About 5 o'clock on the afternoon of the same day, we reached camp, tired and weary. I had forgotten to state that, when ordered to move from our position in the extreme front, we were ordered to leave knapsacks, containing the men's clothier and five day's rations, which were consequently lost.

During the eight days' operations of our army, my regiment behaved in the most gallant manner.* Although hungry, wet, and weary, they never complained, but performed their duty faithfully and willingly.

Casualties in the Fifth Regiment, Excelsior Brigade:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers	---	 3	---	 3

Enlisted men	3	20	14	37

Total+	3	23	14	40

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. EVELYN TYLER,

Captain, Commanding.

Major J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

---------------

*Medals of honor awarded to Sergt. Major Eugene P. Jacobson; and to Privates Felix Brannigan, Joseph Gion, and Gotlieb Lutz, of Company A.

+But see revised statement, p.179.

---------------

