
after arriving there, we received an order from Colonel Sewell to proceed again to the front, which we were proceeding to do, and had got within a few hundred yards of our destination, when we were again marched to the rear by Colonel Francine; but being overtaken by an order from General Carr, then commanding the division, to return, he turned the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel Olmisted, of the Second New York Volunteers, and we again proceeded to the front, where we joined the balance of the brigade and bivouacked.

May 4. - Remained at our bivouac.

May 5. - Still at our bivouac, and threw up a breastwork in our front during the day.

May 6. - About 3 a. m. retired form our position, recrossed the river, and returned to camp near Falmouth, Va.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

VIRGIL M. HEALY,

Captain Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. W. EAYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 150. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen R. Gilkyson, Sixth New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, dated may 7, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers in the late engagements:

On Monday, April 27, we left camp and marched to the left of the picket line, where the regiment remained until Tuesday the 28th, when, in compliance with orders, the regiment was marched back to our old camp. At 9 p. m. left camp and marched down the river; halted and bivouacked until morning.

Wednesday, April 29, marched near the river.

The regiment remained here until Thursday afternoon, April 30, when we to up our line of march up the river. At 1 a. m. bivouacked until daylight, then continued our march, crossing the Rappahannock at 1 p. m. on Friday, May 1, at the United States Ford.

The regiment remained here with the brigade headquarters, we took up our line of march to Chancellorsville, arriving here near 1 a.m., when the regiment lay on this arms until daylight.

Soon after daylight on Sunday, May 3, the regiment became engaged with the enemy (Colonel Burling, being wounded early in the engagement, was forced to leave the field, and, therefore, the command of the regiment fell upon me). In compliance with orders received from the brigadier-general commanding the brigade, the Sixth Regiment advanced to the breastwork in front, under a terrible cross-fire from the enemy. I am happy to report that though the fire from the enemy was terrific, yet this advance was made in good order and with a determined zeal by both officers and privates. The regiment remained in

