
this position about an hour, being engaged with the enemy every moment of the time, and was enabled to hold him in check, when we were ordered to fall back to the batteries, to receive a fresh supply of ammunition. After being supplied with ammunition, we were ordered again to advance. Here a splendid charge was made, forcing the enemy back in great confusion. Other charges were made with good effect, and the fighting continued until the command was nearly exhausted, when the regiment was relieved and placed in the second line of battle a short distance in the rear of Chancellorsville, in which position the regiment remained until Wednesday morning, May 6, when an order came to cross the river and return to our old camp near Falmouth, where it arrived about 4 p. m.

During the engagement on Sunday, May 3, the following-named officers were wounded while gallantly leading on their commands against the enemy: Colonel G. C. Burling, Adjt. C. F. Moore, Capts. J. William, L. M. Morris, and T. M. K. Lee; Lieuts. John Howeth, T. F. Field, Joseph R. West, James H. Tallon, Joseph T. Note, J. H. Hoagland, Fred. Young, and L. E. Ayres.

It gives me great pleasure in this report to state that the officers of this command, without a single exception during the whole engagement, displayed their usual courage and gallantry. I am under personal obligations tot he m for the promptness with which they executed every command, and the valuable assistance which they rendered me on the field.

I cannot close this report without speaking of the exertions of Surg. John Wiley and the valuable services rendered by him, and Chaplain Samuel T. Moore, for his untiring zeal in laboring for the comfort of the wounded in the different hospitals and his incasing exertions in having the wounded removed at an early hour, and to Asst. Surg. B. Hendry, for the services rendered by him at the field hospitals.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GILKYSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain T. W. EARYRE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 151. Reports of Colonel Louis R. Francine, Seventh New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: Agreeably to orders, I have the honor to submit the following as the proceedings of my regiment in the late movement against the enemy:

At 10 p. m., Tuesday, April 28, having just returned from the picket-line, the regiment joined the brigade, and marched to the left and bivouacked near White Oak Church early the next morning. At daylight, we were massed to support troops in front of us.

We remained in that position until 1 p. m. of the 30th, when we retraced our steps, and crossed the river at the United States Ford early on the morning of May 1.

we remained at or near the ford doing picket duty until the following morning about 8 o'clock, when I received an order to report my

