
regiment to General Humphreys, commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps. I did so without delay, and he assigned me a position on his extreme left, to cover the approaches by the Mott of river road to the United States Ford. Early in the afternoon of the same day he (General Humphreys) ordered me to take a small body of picket men from my regiment and reconnoiter the position of the enemy in his immediate front; to note the topography of the country, the apparent strength of the enemy, and the means of their approach to our lines. This I did, penetrating the country for 2 miles in one direction and 1 1/2 miles in another. My report was highly satisfactory to the general.

I am deeply indebted to Captain James McKiernan and David R. Burrell, of my regiment, for valuable services rendered upon that occasion. At midnight, I moved my regiment to the right of our line, by orders from General Meade, through General Humphreys, and joined the bridge, arriving there at about 2 a. m.

The same morning (Sunday), at about 5 o'clock, my regiment was again detached from the brigade, and, under orders from Major Tremain, of General Sickles; staff, filled up a gap occurring between Birney's right and our immediate front. After a short time, my regiment advanced into the woods in front of the breastworks, and, by maintaining a flanking position under a very heavy fire for over three hours, captured five stand of colors and over 300 prisoners, among the latter 1 colonel, 1 major, and several line officers. The colors were taken from the Twenty-first Virginia, Eighteenth North Carolina, First Louisiana, Second North Carolina, and the fifth from some Alabama regiment. The Second North Carolina Regiment we captured almost in toto.

At about 9 o'clock, the ammunition giving out and the muskets becoming foul, I ordered the regiment to fall back from the woods. After this, a regiment having fallen back from our breastworks, and the enemy coming close upon them (the Second Carolina State Troops), my regiment charged, and captured their colors and themselves almost wholly.

Again we fell back slightly, and the confusion occasioned by our lines in front getting in disorder threw my regiment father to the rear. At this time, through exhaustion, my voice left me entirely, I being scarcely able to speak in a whisper. Upon the advice of my surgeon, I retired from the field. The command then devolved upon my lieutenant-colonel, whose report I herewith inclose.

It would be impossible for me to single our individual cased of courage where all of my officers and men behaved with such gallantry and discretion. The trophies they took form the enemy speak more eloquently for their actions than any words I might use.

For able and gallant assistance I owe much to my field officers. their coolness and bravery in maneuvering the men saved much loss of life, confusion, and panic.

I regret to announce by the detach of Lieutenant George A. Berdan the loss of a brave and efficient officer.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 53, and official list of which I inclose.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS R. FRANCINE,

Colonel Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.179.

---------------

