
No. 152. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis Price, jr., Seventh New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, after being left in command, on Sunday, May 3:

The regiment was at a halt, waiting for ammunition, when, finding the regiment (of the Twelfth Corps) which had relieved us falling back, I commanded that we should charge the woods again. We went through the woods nearly to the Plank road, on our right. Our ammunition being nearly exhausted, the regiment, halted; a regiment of our troops came up to hold our place. I retired in good order until this regiment broke through our ranks. I rallied the regiment on the crest of the hill. The regiment then retired in good order to the top of the hill where we charged to the church, on the left. We then rallied, and formed in line immediately behind the batteries that were placed in the earthworks. We remained to the next line of batteries, which were posted on the top of the hill. We remained there until the batteries left their position.

During this time, I lost Captain Daniel Hart, of Company E, and Second Lieutenant Richard Cooper, of Company F, who had acted very bravely, and had done everything in their power to assist me in rallying the men.

After the batteries had left, we retired to the Chancellor house, where I found my brigade commander, whom I reported to. Nothing of any note occurred after this; no casualties occurred and no movements too place until we left the field, on May 6.

I cannot close without making mention of Major Frederick Cooper, who, although suffering from a severe attack of rheumatism, staid with the regiment, and did all in his power both to rally and encourage the men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS PRICE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 153. Report of Captain John G. Langston, Eighth New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers in the movements of the Army of the Potomac from April 28 to May 6, inclusive.

The regiment left camp on the night of the 28th ultimo, marched about 4 miles, and joined its division.

On the following morning (29th), marched about 1 mile; halted and bivouacked until the afternoon of the 30th, when we took up our line

