
of march to the right, to join the main body of the army, then across the Rappahannock River. The regiment bivouacked on night of the 30th near Berea Church.

On the morning of May 1, resumed the march, crossing the Rappahannock about 2 p. m., shortly, after which we received order to recross and guard the wagon-trains. Scarcely, however, had the pickets been posted, when the order was countermanded, when the regiment again crossed the river and rejoined the brigade. Here we remained, guarding the pontoons an doing picket duty, until Saturday night at 10 p. m., when we once more resumed the march to join our division, then at the front, where we arrived at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 3rd.

About 4 a. m. the regiment stoops to arms, shortly after which we were moved forward into position for battle, the regiment being on the right of the brigade, our right resting on the Gordonsville and Fredericksburg road. We remained in this position as a support to a regiment of infantry on our front, which, at the first volley from the enemy, gave way in confusion and fell back. We immediately moved forward and regained the position lost, which position we held notwithstanding the repeated efforts of the enemy to dislodge us. We remained in that position until 10 a. m., acting with the brigade to which we are attached, during which time we assisted in the capture of about 1,500 prisoners, the regiment recapturing two guns belonging to Battery H, First U. S. Artillery, in which affair Captain E. C. Nichols, of Company G, was particularly distinguished, said guns being posted on the Plank road contiguous to the right of the regiment which was on our front. The infantry support giving way, and the cannoneers being all disabled, the guns became an easy prey to the enemy. The regiment repeatedly charged over the ground of ammunition was expended, and well as the ammunition in the boxes of the killed and wounded. At this time Captain Langston was ordered to the rear, by Colonel Ramsey, to obtain a supply of ammunition, which he was unable to procure, and reported accordingly. Colonel Ramsey, deeming is useless to expose the men to such a murderous fire without being able to reply, ordered them to rejoin the brigade, which had fallen back as a support to the artillery in our rear, and there wait for ammunition. When marching from the field, Colonel Ramsey was wounded in the arm. I being the senior officer present, the command devolved on me. The regiment remained here some time, when, not having as yet received any ammunition, the balance of the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered by Colonel Sewell, commanding brigade, to charge the enemy, who were advancing on our guns, which order was obeyed with promptness and alacrity, the enemy giving way and falling back to the woods for protection. The regiment, with the brigade, was now ordered to the rear of the third line of battle, where it remained until the morning of the 6th instant, when it recrossed the Rappahannock an returned to camp, near Falmouth, Va.

The regiment mustered when going into action 258 muskets. The aggregate loss was 126 killed and wounded,* which is the best evidence I can give of its gallantry.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. LANGSTON,

Captain Company K, Eighth New Jersey Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain T. W. EAYRE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 3rd Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.179.

---------------

