
No. 154. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Olmsted, Second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my regiment during the late movement:

The regiment left camp with the brigade about 8.30 p. m. on the 28th ultimo and marched about 5 miles; halted and bivouacked for the night about 1 1/2 miles from the pontoon bridge crossing the river below Fredericksburg.

Next morning moved a short distance to the front, where we halted in the woods, and encamped until next day, 30th, when we resumed our march, moving off to the right. Marched until 1.30 a. m. of the 1st instant, when we bivouacked until 7 a. m., and then resumed our march, crossing the river at the United States Ford about 1 p. m., and halted. Here we remained, doing picket duty, until 9 p. m. of the 2nd instant, when we again resumed our march to the front, arriving there about 1 a. m. of the 3rd.

At 5 a. m. the brigade engaged the enemy, in which action my regiment participated, until we were forced to fall back, resulting in a loss of 4 killed, 45 wounded, and 2 missing, the colonel receiving a wound at the commencement of the engagement.

The regiment being badly broken up during the engagement, a large portion of the officers and men were ordered back to the river by the assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, and were there reformed and moved again to the front, with the brigade, under command of Colonel Francine. After arriving at the front, halted in the woods, and formed part of the third line of battle. Here we remained until we recrossed the river.

During the 4th instant, were under a heavy fire from the enemy's cannon, and lost 1 man, slightly wounded in the arm.

On the 5th instant, were engaged throwing up breastworks in our front.

At 3 a. m. on the 6th, commenced moving to the rear, crossing the river at daybreak, and moved toward camp, arriving here about 5 p. m.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. OLMSTED,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second New York Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

Captain T. W. EAYRE,

Assistance Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 155. Report of Major John P. Dunne, One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUT, VA.,

May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers left camp on the night of April 28, in accordance with orders form brigade headquarters, and marched with the brigade to the neighborhood of White Oak Church, a distance of about 3 miles, where we halted for the night.

31 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

