
J. E. Dimick; Company D, First New York Artillery, light 12-pounder guns, commanded by First Lieutenant George B. Winslow, and Company B, First New Jersey Artillery, 10-pounder Parrott guns, commanded by Captain A. Judson Clark - between April 29 and May 5.

On the 29th ultimo, at 2 p. m., I received orders from Major-General Berry to move the batteries, with the infantry, to near the bank of the Rappahannock, and about midway between the crossing of Sedgwick's and Reynolds' corps.

We rested for the night at 11 o'clock, and at sunrise of the 30th reported, by orders, to General Newton on the bank of the river. I posted the batteries to sweep the plain on the south bank, but at 3 p. m. I was ordered to move with the corps to the United States Ford. At midnight, we halted a mile south of Hartwood Church, and in the morning crossed the river.

At 12 m. of the 29th, Captain Clark's battery was transferred to the First Division of this corps, and the Fourth New York Independent Battery to this. I regret this change very much; it was a rifled battery, and splendid in its officers, men, and all its equipments. It has been my especial delight to assist in and to make in perfect for the field, and the effort has not been in vain.

At 3 p. m. the division was ordered to the front about 3 miles, with the exception of General Mott's brigade and Seeley's battery, which were left at the ford. Brisk skirmishing was going on at the front; at night we rested near the white house.

The morning of May 2 brought a day filled with the variable incidents nearly always attendant on the immediate proximity of contending armies on the eve of battle - the small but vigorous attacks of each on the other's lines, to learn the points of strength and weakness. At 4 p. m. we realized a heavy attack was being made on the left, and the varying direction of the sound showed us too plainly our forces were giving way. The division was soon ordered to the front, the batteries following in the order of Domick, Winslow, and the Fourth New York Independent Battery. As we passed General Hooker's headquarters, a scene burst upon us which, God, grant, may never again be seen in the Federal Army of the United States. The Eleventh Corps had been routed, and were fleeing to the river like scared sheep. The men and artillery filled the roads, its sides, and the skirts of the field, and it appeared that no two of one company could be found together. Aghast and terror-stricken, heads bare and panting for breath, they pleaded like infantry at the mothers, breast that we would let them pass to the rear unhindered. The troops in the old division, unwavering, and the artillery, reckless of life or limb, passed through this disorganized mass of men. Reaching the crest of the hill, I left the batteries of Dimick and winslow on the brow, taking position perpendicular to the road, Dimick taking the right, excepting one section of Dimick's battery, which I took about 400 yards to the front, on a line with the front of the woods, and only a few yards in the rear of our line of battle.

At this time (a little after sunset), a rebel battery opened fire on the batteries on the brow of the hill, and less than 1,000 yards from them. Winslow and mason, in command of two sections of Dimick's battery, accepted the challenge, and almost immediately silenced them.

All was now quiet, excepting that we could constantly hear the enemy, from 300 to 1,000 yards in our front, massing their troops and moving their artillery. It was now evident that their force was large, as the swearing of officers and giving orders sounded like the chattering of multitude. This continued until 9.30 o'clock, during which

