
directed each battery; how the men could have been more heroic, noble, and true than all were; how commanders and subalterns could surpass these noble men.

The ammunition used by the division artillery was about 2,450 rounds. The loss of material wa 94 horses, 2 empty caissons (by horses being killed), and I gun-carriage broken, but gun secured.

In officers and men we lost First Lieutenant J. E. Dimick, Battery H, First U. S. Artillery, killed; Second Lieutenant Isaac Arnold, Battery k, Fourth U. S. Artillery, wounded. Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, 7 men killed and 37 wounded; Battery H, First U. S. Artillery, 2 men killed and 18 wounded, and Battery D, First New York Artillery, 2 men killed and 12 wounded.

Before closing, I wish to call the attention of the general commanding to the following officers as especially worthy of promotion, by brevet of otherwise, for their very gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Chancellorsville on the 2nd and 3rd instant: First Lieutenant F. W. Seeley, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery; First Lieutenant George B. Winslow, Battery D, First New York Artillery, and Second Lieutenant J. A. Sanderson, Battery H, First U. S. Artillery.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. WARD OSBORN,

Captain and Chief of Artillery, 2nd Div., 3rd Army Corps.

Major CHARLES HAMLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 157. Report of Lieutenant George B. Winslow, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the recent active operations of the army:

The battery moved from its camp near Falmouth just before dark on Tuesday, April 28, and marched with the division (Berry's) down the Rappahannock to a point about midway between where Sedgwick's and Reynolds; corps crossed, and went into camp a little before midnight. Early on the following morning, the battery went into position near the Pollock house, on the bank of the river, but was soon after ordered back under cover and out of sight of the enemy, where it remained until 2 p. m. of the 30th, when we were ordered to move with the division up the river.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of May 1, we bivouacked within 3 or 4 miles of the United States Ford. About 2 p. m. of the same day, we crossed the river at the above-named ford, and halted three-fourths of a mile beyond to rest and feed our horses.

At 5.30 p. m. orders were received to move to the front - where a heavy engagement was evidently taking place - in the shortest possible time.

Notwithstanding the horses were unharnessed, the paulins, overcoats, and blankets spread out to dry (having been wet by the rain of the day before), everything was packed, the battery harnessed and moved to the

