
back upon their supports after a brief but brisk engagement. Our artillery fired upon the enemy's infantry until the two lines were so near each other that our fire enemy's infantry until the two lines were so near each other that our fire was alike dangerous to friend and foe. Berry's division, in our front at this time, repulsed the enemy handsomely, as it did repeatedly during the morning, aided by the artillery.

Our left having fallen back, our troops in front were exposed to a heavy fire both in front and flank, and finally fell back a short distance, but in good order, the batteries keeping the enemy in check while our infantry rallied and advanced, regaining their former position.

Four or five times our infantry retired a short distance, and again obstinately advanced, driving the enemy, who seemed to outnumber them two to one. At each successive attack, the enemy's numbers increased. As the y came down the hill in almost solid masses, our artillery greeted them with shot and shell, causing a fearful destruction in their ranks.

Just before the last charge of the New Jersey Brigade, in front of my battery, the enemy came down in solid masses, covering, as it were, the whole ground in front of our lines, with at least a dozen stand of colors flying in their midst. I immediately ordered my guns loaded with solid shot, and, as our infantry fell back and wheeled to the left, unmasking the battery, fired at about 1 1/2 degrees' elevation. The effect was most terrible. A few rounds sufficed to drive the enemy in great confusion up the hill, whereupon our infantry again charged and took several stand of colors. The enemy then crossed the road and came down in the woods upon our right. Just before this, the section of Dimick's battery in front had been compelled to retire, and, soon after, his guns upon my right also withdrew. Meanwhile the enemy continued to advance, our own troops slowly return before him. In a few moments, the former came out of the woods not more than 100 yards form the muzzle of my guns, planted their colors by the side of the road, and commenced picking off my men and horses. When a sufficient number had rallied around their colors, my guns having been previously loaded with canister, I gave the order to fire. In this way they were repeatedly driven back. they were, however, rapidly closing around us in the woods upon our right, not more than 25 or 30 yards from my right gun, when I received your orders to limber up and retire; besides, my ammunition was exhausted. I limbered from the left successively, continuing to fire until my last piece was limbered.

The battery retired to the ammunition train, and was put in readiness for another engagement before night.

On the morning of the 5th, I was ordered by General Hunt, through you, to take my battery across the river and to the vicinity of Hartwood Church, and then return with my horses for the Fourth New York Battery. Mistaking the road, I went to Berea Church, where I arrived at 4 p. m. After resting and feeding my horses, I returned with my drivers to the United States Ford. At midnight, I had moved the Fourth New York Battery about 2 miles. the rain had fallen in torrents, and the roads were almost impassable. I was compelled to leave three caissons and the battery wagon and forge at this place, and double my teams on the remainder of the carriages. I left the Fourth New York Battery near Berea Church at daylight on the 6th, and sent my own to its camp near Falmouth.

I cannot close this hastily written report without speaking of the gallant behavior of the officers and men under my command. The duties throughout the whole movement were most arduous, and the battle, from its commencement on Saturday evening to its close, between 9 and 10 a. m. Sunday, the most fearful and hardest fought of the many in which

