
this battery has been engaged. Although exposed most of the time to a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, my officers and men maintained throughout a coolness and bravery worthy of all praise.

Lieutenants Mathewson, Ames, and Richardson commanded their respective sections to my entire satisfaction and are entitled to all the honors that can be bestowed upon officers for gallant conduct. Not a man but performed his duty nobly and cheerfully. Not a murmur or complaint was heard, either upon the tiresome marched or upon the battle-field. The only order obeyed with reluctance was that to retire. Under no circumstance would they have forsaken their guns. Below are the names of the killed and wounded in this battery.* I also lost 20 horses killed and disabled.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. WINSLOW,

First Lieutenant First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery D.

Captain THOMAS W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Second Div., Third Army Corps.

No. 158. Report of Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY K, FOURTH U. S. ART., May 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Second Division, Third Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, under my command, during the late movements of this army:

On the evening of April 28, pursuant to instructions, I marched to a point near Franklin's bridge, and early next morning went into position, where I remained until 3 p. m. on the 30th, when I marched with the division to a point near the United States Ford, and crossed to Rappahannock on May 1; remained in position on the south side of the river, near the ford, until 7 p. m. on the 2nd, when I marched to Chancellorsville and parked for the night.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, the enemy having vigorously attacked our lines at that point, I was ordered by an aide of General Hooker to a positoln on a rising ground in the angle made by the formation of our infantry, which was on two sides of a square facing outward. Soon after bringing my pieces into position, one of the enemy's batteries, posted behind the crest of a hill some 500 yards in my front, opened a destructive fire on my battery, to which I replied form the left half of the battery, commanded by Lieutenant Arnold, vigorously for about fifteen minutes, when, finding that, although my shell and case shot exploded on the crest of the hill behind which the enemy's battery was posted, they failed to do any harm, owing to the fact that the opposing guns were perfectly screened by the crest, I desisted, and made no further attempt to dislodge them. I then turned m attention to the enemy's infantry, a brigade of which had gained a temporary advantage on our right,m and forced a portion of our first and second lines to retire on their supports. A few well directed shots from my right section, commanded by Lieutenant [Robert] James, caused the enemy hastily to retire, after which I ceased firing, the battery in my front keeping up meantime and incessant and well-directed fire, killing and wounding several of

---------------

*Omitted; but see revised statement,p.179.

---------------

