
my men and horses. I held my position for about half an hour longer, when, finding that our batteries had been engaged on my right had left the field, and that our infantry was also retiring, and the enemy crowding in on both flanks of my battery, I limbered up my guns and moved off at a trot to the ground immediately a very destructive fire from the enemy's line, then advancing, and distant about 250 yards on my flank. The fire was galling in teh extreme. Many of my bravest and best men fell, and, in order to save my guns, I was obliged to leave the brave fellows on the field.

When I arrived near the brick building before mentioned, Major-General Sickles, then on the ground, through his chief of corps artillery, Captain G. E. Randolph, assigned me to a position in order to check the advance of the enemy, who was then pressing on in front and both flanks. I loaded the guns with canister, and reserved my fire until the enemy was within 350 yards of my position, and then opened with terrible effect, causing their troops to break and take to the cover of the woods on my left and front, where we followed them with solid shot until the ammunition in the limbers was exhausted. Then, with the aid of my few remaining men and horses, the debris of my battery was drawn from the field, my men cheering, under a heavy fire from three of teh enemy's batteries, one on the Plank road in front of my right, one on teh left and rear, and another on the left and front of my battery.

When leaving the field, I was obliged for want of horses - many of the pieces and caissons having but two and three, and they, in many instances, wounded - to abandon a caisson; also five wheels, which were shattered by solid shot and changed under fire.

My loss in men was as follows: Killed, 7 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer (Lieutenant Arnold) and 38 enlisted men; also 59 horses killed and disabled. The loss in men was probably greater than that of any other battery during the war; that is, in proportion to my numbers, as I took into action about 120 men.

Of the conduct of officers and men I cannot speak in too high terms. Without a single exception it was heroic, and reflects credit on the battery and the service in general. It will be a pleasant duty for me, as soon as time will permit, to recommend to the attention of the general commanding such cases of particular merit as will be considered deserving of acknowledgment by promotion by brevets and by the bestowal of medals of honor. This is due to the brave men by whose untiring efforts I was enabled to save my guns and deal destruction to the enemy.

I am, sir,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEELEY,

First Lieutenant Fourth Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Captain GEORGE E. RANDOLPH, Chief of Art., 3rd Army Corps.

No. 159. Report of Captain Henry R. Dalton, Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

HDQRS. THIRD DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the Third Division, Third Army Corps, in the recent battles near chancellorsville, Va.:

It is unnecessary to relate in detail the march of the division to the

