
It was at this time that the brave Lieutenant-Colonel Chapin, Eighty-sixth New York, was shot dead, and Major Higgins, of the some regiment, was wounded. On returning from this charge, this brigade was formed in rear and to the left of the brick house, where it lay ready to engaged the enemy again should occasion require. The officers of this brigade performed their duty in the most faithful manner. The Second Brigade was placed in position supporting the batteries having been withdrawn, but the brigade held its ground successfully until nearly flanked, when it retired to the lines of the army. In this movement, the brigade was constantly engaged in fighting, and suffered heavily, losing more than half the command. Out of 7 field officers, 5 fell, either killed or wounded, viz, Colonel Crowther, of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, killed; Major Jones, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded and a prisoner, and Colonel Potter, Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, and Major Savage, of the Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, wounded. The U. S. Sharpshooters were placed on the right of the First Brigade, to prevent the enemy from flanking our right. They were deployed in the woods and did most excellent service. Major Hastings, of the First Regiment, was wounded during the action.

The artillery of the division being more expressly under the direction of the corps chief of artillery, I presume his report will contain the report of the part it took in the battles of Saturday and Sunday.

The division returned to the lines of the army on Sunday noon, where it remained in position until the withdrawal of the troops, Wednesday, at 2 a. m.

I regret the painful necessity of submitting this report, which should have been written by the lamented commander of this division, who was mortally wounded on the morning of the 4th instant. I will not speak his praises here, as the fighting done by his division at chancellorsville says more than I can write. That the officers and men of this division did their duty most gallantly, our many dead and suffering wounded attest. Of the 3,500 who marched out of camp the previous week, but 2,400 returned.

i would respectfully submit the above statement of facts, and forward herewith the reports of teh brigade and regimental commanders and that of the chief of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART, A. A. G., Third Army Corps.

No. 160. Report of Lieutenant John R. Pancoast, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry, Ambulance Officer.

HDQRS. AMBULANCE CORPS, THIRD DIV., May 21, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the ambulance corps of this division during the late battle of Chancellorsville:

On the afternoon of April 28, I detailed 3 sergeants and 32 guards,

