
The next morning (Sunday), we started at daylight and marched to the Plank road, where we again formed in support of a battery. We were then order to the right and in a woods, where we engaged teh enemy for about an hour under very heavy fire. We were then ordered to fall back, as the enemy were outflanking us. We formed again in the open field, and in rear of the earthworks and in front of the enemy, under a heavy fire, and charged as far as the small house on the left, driving the enemy, and there forming line. We were then moved to the rear, and ordered to support a battery. We lay on our arms all night. After this we were building earthworks and supporting batteries until ordered to fall back toward the river.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LANSING,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Colonel E. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Thirst Brigade, Third Division, Third Army Corps.

No. 163. Report of Colonel A. Van Horne Ellis, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 124TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,May 7, 1863.

COLONEL: Per your order, I have to report that this regiment left camp April 28, and marched with the rest of your brigade down the Rappahannock to a point below Fredericksburg, bivouacking there at about midnight, and moving next morning to within half a mile of the river, there encamping.

Next day, April 30, we took up the march in a northerly direction, and encamped for the night at 1.30 a. m. about 6 miles above our old winter quarters, in a peach orchard.

Leaving again at sunrise, May 1, and crossing the river on pontoons, proceeded about 3 miles westerly, and formed column of division in an open space with a large building on the left. Here were collected a great many troops, and an engagement took place in front of us, with some severe cannonading, in which the enemy appeared to have the worst.

Near midnight you led us back into the woods, where we lay until May 2, about noon, when we marched along a plank road, and, taking a cut in the woods to the left, formed a picket line, relieving some of Birney's division the re posted. At about 3 p. m. we again marched toward the left, and, proceeding about 1 mile, formed line of battle under the direction of Major-General Sickles, in company with our whole division and many other regiments.

I was then ordered by General Whipple to support Colonel Bownma's right, which I would find through a wooded hill on our right front, and, marching thither, was halted midway by an aide from General Sickles, to know where we were going, and ordered to await an aide to conduct us; but shortly after, hearing heavy firing in front, I led the regiment up the hill, and saw the rest of our division engaging large force of the enemy in the valley below, and apparently falling back. I instantly ordered an advance, and the men, cheering lustily, charged down a steep hill covered with cedars, forming line of battle at the bottom; but

