
advanced and opened fire. My skirmishers fell back, ad directed, and immediately I opened fire, delivering a sweeping and most effective volley into the woods, repelling the enemy and completely silencing his fire. Shortly afterward I was relieved by the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers.

On Sunday morning, May 3, at 4 o'clock, I was ordered to move my regiment to the right about 1 mile, across the Plank road, and was put in position to meet the advancing columns of the enemy, and immediately became engaged. Our advance was slow but steady until 11 o'clock, when the left wing had reached and repulsed a line of the enemy, which threatened our flank, and, following its success, rejoined the left at the breastworks.

During the progress of the morning's engagement, my men did no at any time falter or yield an inch of ground to the enemy. I would state that at the beginning of the engagement I labored under the misapprehension of believing that my line was preceded by other lines of our own troops. I was led to believe so by orders I had received. The density of the woods prevented me from examining the ground before me. While I was still under that belief, the enemy appeared on my third, overlapping my line and making a change of front necessary. As our lines were close together and the fire severe, I deemed it prudent to change front upon the right-center company, throwing back my right and advancing my left. The movement was only partially successful, owing to the difficulty of making orders heard. My left moved straight forward over the breastworks, whole the right, changing front, delivered a well-directed fire, which put the enemy to precipitate flight. In the temporary separation, the left wing was under the command of Major Stevens. When orders to that effect were received, the regiment retired in a body on good order, having been actually engaged with the enemy for six hours.

The movements above detailed were made in connection with the movements of the other regiments of the brigade. The regiment was not again actively engaged.

I find it difficult to return the exact number of prisoners taken, as they were rapidly sent to the rear during the engagement as soon as taken. The whole number taken during Saturday and Sunday was not less than 150.

Our loss is as follows:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers	---	 6	---	 6

Enlisted men	11	70	16	 97

Total*	11	76	16	103

I do but justice to officers and men when I say they behaved themselves with great gallantry.

Respectfully,

EDW. McGOVERN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 122nd Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain PIATT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.179.

---------------

