
JANUARY 26-27, 1863.-Skirmishes near Fairfax Court-House and at Middleburg, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain John S. Mosby, Virginia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Percy Wyndram, First New Jersey Cavalry.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

January 27, 1863.

SIR: Last night my pickets were driven in by some of Stuart's cavalry, wounding 1 and capturing 9. I then started with some 200 men in pursuit. Some 27 miles beyond my pickets, at Middleburg, I came up with them, and, after a short skirmish, captured 24 of them. I have just returned.

P. WINDHAM.

Captain CARROLL H. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John S. Mosby, Virginia Cavalry.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA.,

February 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I arrived in this neigh boyhood about one week ago. Since then I have been, despite the bad weather, quite actively engaged with the enemy. The result up to this time has been the captured of 28 Yankee cavalry, together with all their horses, arms, &amp;c. The evidence of parole I forward with this. I have also paroled a number of deserters. Colonel Sir Percy Wyndham, with over 200 cavalry, came up to Middleburg last week to punish me, as he said, for my raids on his picket line. I had a sling skirmish with him, in which my loss was 3 men, captured by the falling of their horses; the enemy's loss, 1 man and 3 horses captured. He set a very nice trap a few days ago to catch me in. i went into it, but, contrary to the colonel's expectations, brought the trap off with me, killed 1, capturing 12, the balance running. The extent of the annoyance I have been to the Yankees may be judged of by the fact that, baffled in their attempts to capture me, they threaten to retaliate on citizens for my acts.

I forward to you some correspondence I have had on the subject. The most of the infantry have left Fairfax and gone toward Fredericksburg. In Fairfax there are five of six regiments of cavalry; there are about 300 at Dranesville. They are so isolated from the rest of the command that nothing would be easier than their captured. I have harassed them so much that they do not keep their pickets over half a mile from camp.

There is no artillery there. I start on another trip day after to-morrow.

I am, most respectfully, your, &c.,

JNO. S. MOSBY.

Major General J. E. B. STUART.

