
Battery. So far as appearances indicated, it had been ingloriously abandoned. The carriage and horses are all sound and in good order, and the only obstacle a stump of a tree against which it had halted.

My command having been separated by the circumstances alluded to, and anticipating my inability to be present constantly with all portions of it, I instructed Colonel Crowther, the senior officer, to hold the position at all hazards until it became absolutely impossible, and then to retreat; but, unfortunately, he did not discover in time our line broken on his right and that he was flanked on his left, and before he was aware of it he was called upon to surrender by an overwhelming force of the enemy. This proposition was responded to only by a hand-to-hand encounter, in which he bravely fell, and out of which about one-half of the command at that point escaped, bringing many prisoners with them. The fate of the balance is unknown. No braver or better troops than those composing the Eighty-fourth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers fought on that day.

My special thanks are due to Colonel J. H. Potter, Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, and Major Savage, Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers; also to Lieutenant-Colonel Opp and Major Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Major Jones (wounded and a prisoner), One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, all of whom behaved most gallantly.

The following staff officers of this command-Captain Charles W. Fribley, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. A. Norton, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Jesse B. Young, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aides-de-camp-rendered me most valuable assistance on more than one trying occasion, and in the discharge of their duties displayed the utmost coolness and bravery.

Colonel Crowther, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, fell, mortally wounded. His death is much regretted. He was a brave and fearless soldier, esteemed by all.

Those who survive are in fire spirits, and as ready as ever to do battle for the cause and country.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BOWMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HENRY R. DALTON, A. A. G., Third Div., Third A. C.

Numbers 166. Report of Colonel Hiram Berdan, First U. S. Sharpshooters, commanding Third Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my command was not engaged with the enemy during the recent movement until Saturday, May 2.

On Friday evening, May 1, my brigade was formed in two lines in front of the division, on the right of the brick house used by General Hooker as his headquarters. We remained there until about midnight, when we returned to our previous place of halting, on the road to the United States Ford, and bivouacked for the night.

At an early hour on Saturday morning, we were formed in two lines, with regimental front on the left of the road, in the woods, at the rear

