
the forces in the vicinity, one regiment relieving the other on picket, on which they lost several men, and were continually engaged in a scattering fire, and occasionally taking a prisoner.

On Monday morning, a detail was called for to go out and endeavor to silence the rebel sharpshooters, who had occasioned considerable loss in our lines by shooting over into them. I called for 10 volunteers, and went with them to the line of skirmishers, which I ordered to advance, firing, and we drove the advanced skirmishers to their rifle-pits, and held the ground gained, so that no more casualties occurred from the enemy's fire.

On Monday evening, the Eleventh New Jersey, which was acting as our support, was alarmed by firing on our right, and it opened fire upon my Second Regiment, which was deployed in its front, wounding 5 of my men. My regiment maintained its ground until the Eleventh New Jersey had retreated under fire of the rebel battery to its rifle-pits, and then retired in good order. After the firing had cease, it returned and established its original line. At the request of General Sickles, we retired across the river with the remainder of the corps, and arrived in camp about 5 p.m.

I cannot close my report without mentioning that my command, with a few exceptions, both officers and men, behaved splendidly. The results achieved by it are sufficient evidence that it was not remiss. I would make special mention of Major Stoughton, commanding my Second Regiment; Captains Nash, Baker, Wilson, and Marble, and Lieutenant Brewer, of my First Regiment. They all rendered valuable service, not only in encouraging the men to do their duty, but exhibited excellent judgment and great coolness and daring in handling their men.

Lieutenant Brewer, who has twice before been wounded, received his fatal shot, and was the only officer in my command who was killed. Captains Rowell and Chase, of the Second Regiment, as well as Lieutenant Norton, the adjutant of the regiment, also deserve great praise. Chaplain [Lorenzo] Barber, of the Second Regiment, took a rifle, and went in with the skirmishers with his usual bravery. My first surgeons, Drs. [George M.] Brennan and [A. A. C.] Williams, deserve special credit for the coolness displayed in going wherever the discharge of their duties, which often called them to the extreme front, demanded their presence. Dr. Williams, surgeon of my Second Regiment, was wounded by a ball passing through his arm, but he did not leave his duties for a moment. I extremely regret the temporary loss of the services of Lieutenant [William H.] Horton, one of my aides, who was wounded on Monday morning.

I herewith inclose a detailed report of the killed, wounded, and missing,* which, considering the circumstances, is comparatively small. The command, though somewhat fatigued, is in excellent condition and ready for service. The following is a recapitulation of the result of our action: The number of prisoners taken by the command, 683. The number of rounds of ammunition fired was at least 60 per man. We lost-killed, 11; wounded, 61; missing, 12.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BERDAN,

Colonel (U. S. Sharpshooters), Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain HENRY R. DALTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 180.

---------------

