
occupied on Saturday evening, they went back near General Hooker's headquarters and formed in line. The Eleventh New York Battery was soon after placed in position on the right of the Plank road. It was here exposed to a heavy artillery fire, losing so many horses that the bodies of the caissons and one complete caisson were abandoned, when the battery retired, for the want of teams to draw them off. This battery was then bake back, and put in position near the frame house known as General Couch's headquarters, and remained there until evening, when it was ordered back to the ford. The first position taken by the Tenth New York Battery was in front of General Hooker's headquarters diagonally across the corner. This battery suffered severely at this point. It remained there until all the artillery was ordered back to the new position, where it was held until our whole force retired.

In my opinion the batteries of this division are entitled to credit for maintaining their position on Saturday evening, left as they were without support worth naming, exposed to the demoralizing effects of the flight through their ranks of a crowd of panic-stricken fugitives. Permit me to add that the practice of placing infantry supports in the rear of batteries cannot be too strongly deprecated; they generally in such cases do nothing or worse than nothing.

On Saturday evening, one company of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania, lying in the rear of Battery H, First Ohio, rose and fired a volley directly into it, not, of course, designedly, but owing to their being in our rear. I have the honor to refer you for particulars of casualties to report already sent in. The total loss of the three batteries was 40 killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, captain, yours, most respectfully,

J. F. HUNTINGTON,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, Third Div., Third Army Corps.

Captain HENRY R. DALTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 168. Report of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps, with correspondence.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May, 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the commanding general, the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Corps, under my command, in the recent operations at Chancellorsville and on the right bank of the Rappahannock:

In accordance with the orders of the commanding general, the corps was put in motion for Kelly's Ford on the 27th ultimo, bivouacking for the night at Hartwood Church.

The next day it followed the Twelfth Corps, reaching Kelly's Ford and its vicinity that night.

On the 29th, the First and Second Divisions (Sykes' and Griffin's) crossed the Rappahannock as soon as the Twelfth Corps had cleared the bridge, which was about 11 a.m., and marched to Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan. The column was preceded by a detachment of cavalry, commanded by Colonel Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, placed under my direction by Brigadier-General Pleasonton. On reaching Richardsville,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 180.

---------------

