
The position was maintained until we were ordered to retire, on the evening of the 5th. A partial list of casualties was submitted on the 5th. As my command was but temporary, and given for the express purpose of obtaining a concentrated force of artillery upon our center, it ceased with the abandonment of our lines. The lists of casualties suffered by the different batteries have doubtless been submitted to the corps commanders. With two or three shameful exceptions, the officers and men behaved well.

I was much assisted in the performance of my duties by Captain Randolph, chief of artillery, Third Corps, and Second Lieutenant S. B. McIntire, Second U. S. Artillery, who acted as my adjutant and aide.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of this corps since the 27th ultimo, and to transmit reports of commanders of batteries, embracing the same period, so far as received:

No battery of the corps was in the presence of the enemy until the 1st instant, when an advance of Sykes' division was ordered up the old road from Chancellorsville toward Fredericksburg, about 3 miles from the first-named place. After the division had carried the crest of a hill, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Watson, commanding, was engaged for about an hour with effect at point-blank range. The battery remained in position until the division was ordered to retire.

On the 2nd, five batteries of the corps were posted on the heights on the extreme left of our line. These batteries were at no time engaged. Other duties occupying me, Captain Randol was left in command of those batteries of the corps up to the time of their returning to their former camps.

On the 3rd instant, Gibb's and Watson's batteries were engaged in repelling an attack upon our right center. They remained in the position assigned them that day until our withdrawal on the evening of the 5th. One section of Captain Waterman's battery was also posted in the center, under the command of Lieutenant Sackett (afterward wounded.) The other four guns of that battery were posted about midway between the center and extreme left. The guns of the corps in the center were engaged on the 3rd, 4th, and 5th in repelling attacks upon our lines.

For casualties and losses of material, I would respectfully refer to the reports of battery commanders. Officers and enlisted men of the batteries engaged behaved well. The guns were served with coolness and effect.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

33 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

