
Numbers 170. Report of Lieutenant Joseph C. Ayer, Eighteenth Massachusetts Infantry, Ambulance Officer, First Division.

AMBULANCE CAMP, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this ambulance corps during the week ending this day to have been as follows:

May 2.-I proceeded, under your orders, with twenty ambulances to the United States Ford. Was unable to cross the river. By order of Major-General Hooker, I sent all my stretchermen across. On the two succeeding days, brought up the rest of my train. Was occupied during the time the corps lay at the ford in transporting wounded.

On the night of the 6th instant, loaded my train with wounded of the First, Second, Third, Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps, and carried them to the hospital.

May 4.-Actg. Sergt. William Thorne was killed and 2 horses wounded by the explosion of one of the enemy's shells.

May 5.-Attendant John C. Loop captured a rebel prisoner, and delivered him up to the Third Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

I estimate that the wounded transported in my train during the whole time was about 325.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. AYER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Ambulance Corps, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

Captain W. FOWLER, Commanding Ambulance Corps, 5th Army Corps.

Numbers 171. Report of Brigadier General James Barnes, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., May 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions received from the headquarters First Division, Fifth Corps, I have the honor to make the following statement of the duty performed by this brigade from April 27 to May 9, inclusive:

The brigade marched from its quarters at Potomac on April 27, at noon, to Kelly's Ford, the vicinity of which was reached at sundown on the 28th.

On the morning of the 29th, the North Branch of the Rappahannock was crossed on a pontoon bridge, and at twilight the Rapidan was crossed at Ely's Ford, where the brigade, with the rest of the division, was halted for the night.

On the morning of April 30, the brigade marched to Chancellorsville. When within about a mile of that place, word was brought that the enemy was advancing. The brigade was halted, skirmishers were deployed in front, and a line of battle formed. The enemy not making his appearance, the march was resumed, and the brigade reached Chancellorsville at noon.

After an hour's halt, by order of General Griffin, commanding division, the brigade advanced on the turnpike road in the direction of Fredericksburg, about 2 miles from Chancellorsville. The enemy, as reported, consisted of Posey's and Mahone's brigades, and was found

