
M.] Seitz, acting aides-de-camp-performed their duties in the most creditable manner.

Accompanying this report is a statement of the killed, wounded, and missing of the brigade.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. McQUADE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 173. Report of Colonel Thomas B. W. Stockton, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, May 7, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps (composed of the Seventeenth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram; Sixteenth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Welch; Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Vincent; Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, Colonel Rice, and four companies of the Twelfth New York Volunteers, Captain Huson commanding; the Twentieth Maine Volunteers, Colonel Ames commanding, being left in camp on account of having the smallpox, Colonel Ames volunteering as aide to General Meade-the regiment subsequently came out and guarded the telegraph line to the United States Ford), while on the south bank of the Rappahannock:

The Third Brigade, with the First Division, moved from its camp, near Falmouth, Va., on the morning of April 27, up the north bank of the Rappahannock to Kelly's Ford, where it crossed on the afternoon of the 29th. The brigade, with the division, took the River road down the south bank of the Rappahannock to [Ely's Ford] crossing of the Rapidan, where a few of the enemy's cavalry were discovered on the south side, but who fled on the approach of our cavalry. A volunteer regiment being called for the cross the river and take possession of the heights, Colonel Rice, with his regiment (the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers), promptly volunteered to cross the river by fording, there being no bridge, and took possession of and occupied the neighboring heights. The whole brigade immediately followed and encamped upon the same.

The following morning, the march was resumed, arriving at Chancellorsville about 11 a.m., near where the whole army was concentrating, and near which we encamped for the night.

Early next morning the brigade, with the division, took up the line of march on the River road toward Fredericksburg, when it was ordered back to about a mile from Chancellorsville, the enemy having shown themselves and made an attack in the front. The brigade was then formed in line of battle on the extreme left, resting on its arms, where it remained until about 1 o'clock on the morning of May 2, when, it having been determined to contract our lines, the brigade, with the division, moved down about 1 1/2 miles on one of the roads leading to the United States Ford, and again was placed in line of battle on the left, where,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 180.

---------------

