
cover for my carbineers, but which was impassable for cavalry except around the right flank and where it was broken down in the center, and this impeded my operations somewhat. In the second field the enemy's cavalry force was superior to mine, but it was constantly repulsed, and when I withdrew my command it was with unabated confidence in our strength as against cavalry. I hoped that they would advance but they made no demonstration worthy of notice, even while I was withdrawing my command.

The officers and men of the battery performed their arduous duties with alacrity.

Whatever of success may have attended this expedition, I am greatly indebted to the vigorous and untiring efforts of my staff, Major S. E. Chamberlain, First Massachusetts; Captains [Philip] Pollard and [Alexander] Moore, of General Hooker's staff, and Lieutenants [Charles F.] Trowbridge and [William] Rumsey; but to those officers and men of the command who exhibited the unflinching courage which attends a settled purpose, my thanks are especially due. For distinguished gallantry I beg leave to call your attention to the names of Major S. E. Chamberlain, my chief of staff, and Second Lieutenant Simeon A. Brown, First Rhode Island Cavalry, who first reached the opposite bank. Colonel Duffie was conspicuous for his gallantry; his horse was shot under him. Colonel McIntosh, who had been left ill in camp, joined me at 1 a.m., at Morrisville, and showed during the day that he possessed the highest qualities of a brigade commander. Captain Reno, whose horse was wounded under him, handled his men gallantly and steadily. Lieutenant Walker, of the Fifth, by his readiness and resolution,did much to repulse the enemy on our left in the second field, when the battery was threatened.

To avoid repetition, I would respectfully call your attention to the names of the killed and wounded, officers and men, in the inclosed list,* as deserving of especial notice for distinguished gallantry. Several others had their horses shot under them, and nearly all performed their duty in manner which cannot be surpassed for coolness and daring.

In inclose list of casualties, of which the aggregate killed, wounded, and missing is 80.#

Of the enemy, his force was reported by the prisoners first taken as five regiments, commanded by Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee. Subsequently prisoners reported that he had been re-enforced, and that Major-General Stuart was present. His equipments were inferior, but his horses good. Many of his sabers were manufactured in Richmond. From all the sources, I can estimate the enemy must have left 2 officers and 68 men killed and seriously wounded on the field. If twice as many slightly wounded escaped, his loss in killed and wounded must have been over 200, and his loss in horses must be certainly as great as that of men. I think the above may be an overestimate, but it is made by combining carefully the reports of officers who were in different parts of the field, and who report from observation. The enemy's loss in prisoners was 47; 15 more are reported, but as yet I am unable to account for them.

I inclose a list of paroled prisoners, who are included in the 47.* I inclose also tabular statements of losses of my command and of the enemy.* I am compelled to believe that the reports of some officers respecting their losses have been carelessly made out, and that they may have been guided in their statement of numbers by the amounts for which they are accountable.

---------------

*Omitted.

#But see revised statement, p. 53.

---------------

