
the road leading from Chancellorsville toward Banks' Ford, I should think 3 or 4 miles. Returned to within about a mile of Chancellorsville, and went into position on the left of the Twelfth New York Volunteers, and remained during the night, throwing out pickets and constructing an abatis along our front.

Next day, marched with the brigade and took up a position in the same order, in line behind a ravine about 700 yards in rear of our former one. Here we dug rifle-pits and cut an abatis for our protection.

Next morning, about 3 o'clock, we were relieved by some troops from the Eleventh Corps, and, marching toward Chancellorsville, went into position on the right of the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers a few minutes before the action commenced. The regiment at once constructed a barricade of logs and rails, and patiently awaited the attack, confident of the result.

We remained in this position until the morning of Wednesday, when we received the order to fall back.

I am sorry to report that there were a few outrageous cases of straggling and skulking, principally from Company F, Captain John Vickers. This officer allowed his company to straggle and skulk in a manner that would have been impossible had he attended to it as he should.

When the regiment went into position on the morning of May 3, this company was represented by only a corporal and 5 men. All the casualties were in this company-1 man killed (detached to the ambulance corps), 1 corporal, a straggler (put into another regiment by the provost-guard), and 2 privates. The latter, I have every reason to believe, shot themselves through the hand.

Very respectfully,

N. B. BARTRAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth New York Vols.

Lieutenant F. M. KELLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 175. Report of Colonel Strong Vincent, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of the army near the upper fords of the Rappahannock during the past ten days:

On Monday, April 27, I marched, under orders, with the brigade, up the left bank of the Rappahannock, and bivouacked at night in the vicinity of Hartwood Church, a distance of about 8 miles.

On the 28th, the march was continued about 15 miles, and bivouac made near Kelly's Ford.

On the morning of the 29th, we crossed the river, and, turning to the left, followed the right bank in the direction of Fredericksburg, fording Deep Creek, a small stream knee-deep, and reaching the Rapidan at Ely's Ford about 4 p.m. This river, swollen by the recent rain to the waists of the men, we forded at dusk. By General Griffin's order, I was sent to the front as a picket guard to hold the road to Chancellorsville.

The next day, we arrived at Chancellorsville and bivouacked near it.

