
On Friday, we marched toward Banks' Ford, and, returning, formed in line near our camp of the previous day. Ordered to follow the Seventeenth New York in the woods at dusk of that day. Part of that regiment became separated from the rest of the battalion and led us some half a mile away from the brigade. The enemy, mistaking a fire in the woods for the fires of our bivouac, opened upon us heavily with shell for a few moments. I lost here 2 men wounded-each in the foot.

Joining the brigade the next morning, we took position on its right and on the immediate left of the First Brigade, and began to fortify our line. By evening of that day we had made an impregnable position. Two sections of artillery, under Captain Waterman, sent to report to me by Captain Weed, chief of artillery of the Fifth Corps, I placed in battery on a little eminence commanding my immediate front and protecting both flanks along the ravine, both above and below.

By daylight of May 2, we were again removed to another position in the center of the army line, my right resting on the left of General Sykes' division. This point we also strengthened by breastworks of logs, a ditch within and without, and by heavy abatis of trees felled in front. A traverse was also thrown out from about my center to protect my left, in case of an enfilading fire. From this position I sent pickets to the front for two days, 2 of whom were wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters.

On the morning of the 6th, we withdrew, under orders, with the rest of the brigade, and retreated to the United States Ford. Crossing this, I received an order from General Meade to take my regiment by a different route up the hill. Becoming thus detached from the brigade, I marched, after an hour's rest, to camp, arriving at 4 p.m. of Wednesday, the 6th. My total loss was 4 wounded, all slightly, and 1 man disabled by falling, in crossing the Rapidan.

I must accord the most generous praise to all my officers and men for their steadiness, their gallantry, and their undiminished zeal and heart, as well in the retreat and difficult march as when before the enemy's line.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

STRONG VINCENT,

Colonel Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant F. M. KELLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 176. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the battery under my command during the recent movement:

I left camp, in compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, on the 30th ultimo, and marched to Hartwood Church. On the 1st instant, marched to Chancellorsville and reported to Captain Weed, chief of artillery of the corps. Encamped for the night near Chancellorsville.

