
On the morning of the 2nd instant, took a position on the extreme left of the line, near Child's house, where I remained until the evening the 5th instant, when I received orders from Captain Randol to recross the river and return to the old camp, near Potomac Creek. The battery was not engaged. No men or horses were lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery.

Captain S. H. WEED,

Chief of Corps Artillery.

Numbers 177. Report of Captain Charles A. Phillips, Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The battery under my command left camp at Potomac Creek on April 30, in obedience to orders from Captain Martin, and marched to Hartwood Church.

On the 1st, we marched to near Chancellorsville, and remained in park all night. The next day I marched about 2 miles to our left, and placed the battery in position, supported by Humphreys' division. I remained there until the evening of the 5th, when, by order of Captain Randol, I marched to the United States Ford. Crossed and returned to our old camp. I have not been in action; have lost no men or horses, and the few implements I have lost can be easily replaced.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. PHILLIPS,

Captain Battery E, Massachusetts Artillery.

Captain S. H. WEED,

Chief of Corps Artillery.

Numbers 178. Report of Captain Richard Waterman, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my command since April 27 last.

April 27.-Broke camp at 11 a.m.; marched 10 miles, and encamped near Stafford Court-House.

April 28.-Marched at 10 a.m. 8 miles, and encamped near Mount Holly Church.

April 29.-Marched at 7.30 a.m. to the Rappahannock River, and crossed on the pontoon bridge just below Kelly's Ford at 10 a.m.; marched 16 miles, and encamped at 5 p.m. on the banks of the Rapidan River, at Ely's Ford.

April 30.-Marched at 5 a.m.; crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford; marched to Chancellorsville, and halted at about 12 m. In the afternoon marched up the road toward Banks' Ford with the First Brigade; returned at dusk, and encamped in an open field to the left of Chancellor's. Marched 12 miles.

