
May1.-Broke camp at 10 a.m., and, with the First and Second Brigades, marched on the road to the left of Chancellorsville and leading into the main road to Fredericksburg. Marched until 3 p.m., then countermarched and returned to Chancellorsville, and went into position in a lot to the left of Chancellor's house. Two pieces were detached and sent down the road to the left, and went into position. The remaining four guns fired 7 rounds into the woods in front and to the left. Remained in position during the night.

May 2.-Fell back at 4 a.m., and went into a lot to the left of the road leading to Chancellorsville. Went into position again, and remained all day. At night, four pieces went down the road to the left center about 1 miles and took position.

May 3.-Still in position. The two pieces, under command of Lieutenant Sackett, took up position in a lot on the right of the road leading to Chancellorsville. Sergt. August S. Hanna and Private Frederick S. Moyes killed in action, and Privates Charles Jenkins and Patrick J. May, severely, and Corp. Charles McCarty, slightly, woundned; all belonging to the section under command of Lieutenant Sackett. Private Moyes was killed, and Privates May and Jenkins wounded, by a volley of canister from a battery stationed to the left and rear of Lieutenant Sackett's section. Only 1 man was killed and none were wounded by the enemy. Expended 20 rounds of ammunition.

May 4.-Lieutenant Sackett's section fired 5 rounds at the enemy, who were advancing from the woods in a solid column. Lieutenant Sackett was wounded severely in the wrist by a Minie ball.

May 5.-Remained in position all day. At night ordered to cross the Rappahannock; moved at 8 p.m. Crossed pontoon at 2 a.m. next morning; halted 1 miles from the river.

May 6.-Returned to our old camp at Potomac Creek at 1 p.m.

The losses sustained by this command are as follows: Killed, 2 men; wounded, 1 officer and 3 men; and missing, 2 men. Two horses killed in action and 3 died; 2 caisson bodies abandoned, by order of General Hunt; 1 McClellan saddle lost, and 13 artillery traces expended by breaking. About 75 rounds of ammunition expended.

RICH'D WATERMAN,

Captain First Rhode Island Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Captain S. H. WEED,

Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 179. Report of Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP BATTERY D, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY, May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to state that this battery left camp on the 30th ultimo, and reached Chancellorsville, Va., on the afternoon of the 1st instant.

On the morning the 2nd instant it took position on the left, where it remained until ordered to recross the river. The battery was not engaged, and suffered no loss either in men, horses, or material.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HAZLETT,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Captain S. H. WEED,

Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

