
Numbers 180. Reports of Major General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: My command left camp on the 27th ultimo, and at dark bivouacked at Hartwood Church.

On the 28th, at 11 p.m., encamped at Crittenden's Mills, en route to Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock. Crossed that river the next morning, and the Rapidan at Ely's Ford after dark.

At 6 a.m. on the 30th, in advance, marched in the direction of the United States Ford, on the Rappahannock, with orders to attack the enemy if found there. Our move across the river being evidently a surprise, the enemy abandoned that ford. After establishing communications with Couch's corps on the north of the river, I pursued my march to Chancellorsville unmolested, save by a small rear guard which hugh on the skirts of the retreating foe.

On May 1, I was directed to move on the old turnpike road leading from Chancellorsville to Fredericksburg, and, on arriving at a certain point, to turn to the left, cross Mott's Run, and effect a junction with Griffin's division, which was to move on the River road. A mile and a half from Chancellorsville, I found some cavalry engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. The former were giving ground, and, by their behavior, giving confidence to the enemy. My three brigades were at once deployed, the second, under Colonel Burbank, Second Infantry, in front, and all covered by skirmishers of the Seventeenth Infantry, under Major G. L. Andrews. By sharp fighting, we soon recovered the lost ground, drove in the enemy's pickets, and took possession of a crest just in front of a heavy forest, and in range of some rifle-pits or breastworks on our left. Weed's battery (Company I, Fifth Artillery), superintended by that officer, and immediately commanded by Lieutenant Watson, of the same regiment, crowned the crest, and opened an effective cannonade, and was supported by a part of my third brigade, under Colonel O'Rorke, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers. The enemy held the road in front with infantry and two guns, threw a considerable force in the breastworks, and for a couple of hours maneuvered to turn both my flanks. His forces were so superior to my own that he partially outflanked me both right and left. I threw the First Brigade (Regulars), under General Ayres, rapidly to the left, and six companies of the One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, to the right; Colonel Burbank held the front. The battery checked any advance by the main road, and the dispositions to secure my flanks kept the enemy quiet; but as both of these flanks rested on a dense growth of forest, and as I was completely isolated from the rest of the army, I felt that my rear could be gained by a determined movement of the enemy under cover of the forest. Griffin was far to my left, Slocum far to my right, the enemy in front and between me and both those officers. In this situation, without support, my position was critical; still, I determined to hold it as long as possible. At this period, General Warren, chief engineer Army of the Potomac, who had accompanied me, rode to the major-general commanding the army, to explain the state of affairs, and, on his return, I was directed to retire in the direction of Chancellorsville.

My brigades, covered by skirmishers, moved in succession, in line of

