
battle, to the height on which McGee's house rests. At that height I found General Couch, with Hancock's division, coming to my aid. My troops were massed in his rear. Soon after, both commands were directed to withdraw, mine to its previous bivouac, near Chancellorsville.

Toward sundown, the enemy advanced to the left of my camp in strong force, but the brigade of Colonel O'Rorke, Fifth, One hundred and fortieth, and One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, and the Seventeenth Infantry, Second Brigade, handsomely repulsed him, and he gave us no further trouble.

At 1 a.m. on the 2nd, I changed camp to the Mineral Spring road, behind Chancellorsville. Occupied it until dusk, when the Eleventh Corps on our right breaking in confusion, I took position at double-quick on our right breaking in confusion, I took position at double-quick to cover the approach from Ely's Ford to Chancellorsville, my right resting on the road to the United States Ford, and connecting with the First Corps, under General Reynolds.

This position was strengthened by abatis and breastworks, and held until finally evacuated on the morning of the 6th instant.

I recrossed the Rappahannock on that day, and reached my old camp on Potomac Creek.

In these ten days' operations, my troops were patient, enduring, and gallant. Long, harassing, and wearisome marches were performed with alacrity and cheerfulness. When the hour of battle came, they were successful and confident. Probable in no campaign of the war were the energies of troops more tazed than in this. They were strangers to rest and sleep, full of zeal, and had they been attacked while in position or been permitted to advance on the enemy's left on the 4th or 5th instant, the result of the movement must have been more favorable.

My thanks are especially due to General Warren, who was with me on May 1. His suggestions were always thoughtful, and characterized by the good sense and ability for which he is conspicuous.

General Ayres, commanding First Brigade; Colonel S. Burbank, commanding Second Brigade, and Colonel O'Rorke, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, were, throughout all the operations of the command, prompt, active, and untiring in carrying out the various duties devolving upon them. I beg to unite in the recommendations made by them of their subordinate commanders and others.

My personal staff rendered me every assistance, and deserve not only my unqualified thanks, but promotion at the hands of the Government. They are: Captain George Ryan, Seventh Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant James A. Snuder, Third Infantry, aide-de-camp, chief quartermaster, and commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant George T. Ingham, Eleventh Infantry, aide-de-camp; Captain H. L. Chipman, Eleventh Infantry, assistant inspector-general; Captain G. B. Overton, Fourteenth Infantry, commissary of musters (severely wounded); First Lieutenant W. W. Swan, Seventeenth Infantry, acting aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant George H. Butler, Tenth Infantry, division ordnance officer.

The medical department, under Asst. Surg. C. Wagner, U. S. Army, was untiring in its efforts to relieve and care for the wounded, all of whom were brought safely to the division hospital, near Brooke's Station.

Lieutenant George L. Choisy, ambulance officer, was energetic in the movement and management of his train.

On the 5th instant, Captain J. W. Ames, Eleventh Infantry, with a

