
Orders, Numbers 18, for hospital duty, promptly reported, and were untiring in their efforts to relieve the sufferings of the wounded. Upon the falling back of the division, the wounded were collected from the field and the hospital and sent in ambulances to the large brick building at Chancellorsville.

On Saturday morning, the patients, with the exception of the cases of amputation were removed to the corps hospital, near Brooke's Station.

On Sunday, in consequence of the change of position of the division, a more convenient and less exposed place in the rear was selected for the hospital.

Of those admitted into the hospital, 66 belonged to the Second Division, Fifth Corps (1 of whom, Private J. F. Adams, Company E, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, died), and 59 were admitted belonging to other corps.

The supply of instruments, medicines, and hospital stores in the division was sufficient to meet all the ordinary wants of the occasion. Assistant Surgeon (Cyrus) Bacon, U. S. Army, and Acting Assistant Surgeon [Alexander] Hichborn, with a sufficient quantity of stores, remained to look after the interests of the wounded who fell into the hands of the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. WAGNER,

Asst. Surg. U. S. Army, and Surgeon-in-Chief, 2nd Division.

Major General GEORGE SYKES,

Commanding 2nd Div., 5th army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 182. Report of Brigadier General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make a brief report of the part taken by this brigade during the recent operations of this army, extending over a space of ten days.

The command broke camp at 10 a.m. on the 27th ultimo, and encamped for the night near Hartwood Church.

The next day marched to within 3 miles of Kelly's Ford.

Crossed the Rappahannock on the 29th, forded Mountain Creek and the Rapidan, and bivouacked at about 9 p.m. on the right bank, near Fly's Ford.

On the 30th, made a reconnaissance to the United States Ford, and encamped near the Chancellor house.

On May 1, took the Fredericksburg pike, and shortly afterward came upon the enemy, who fell back before us about 1 1/2 miles. On this occasion the command advanced in gallant style, and the line of battle was formed at the double-quick. The object of the forward movement being accomplished, the command was withdrawn, retiring in line of battle and taking up a position parallel to the pike. The enemy appearing on the Plank road, leading across our front, the brigade deployed in line of battle with great promptitude, remaining in that position during the night.

Next day took up a position on a road leading to Scott's Mills, cut-

