
ting an abatis and remaining in that position until dark; then moved on the pike, and took a position across the road and facing the ford.

Toward morning of the 3rd, moved down the pike, taking a position parallel to it, having the First Corps on our right. Here a strong abatis was cut and a breastwork of earth and logs constructed. In this position the command remained until the morning of the 6th, when it was withdrawn, crossing the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and reaching the old camp ground about 5 p.m.

The conduct of both officers and men, whether on the march, advancing on the enemy, retiring, or lying in line of battle, has been such as to inspire the greatest confidence. The regimental commanders, Major R. S. Smith, Twelfth Infantry; Captain John D. Wilkins, Third Infantry; Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth Infantry, and Captain J. B. Hager, Fourteenth Infantry, gave me their hearty support. A wish had only to be expressed and the thing was done. For the details of the operations of each regiment, and the casualties, I refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders, herewith inclosed.

I return my thanks, for assistance rendered, to Captain J. M. Locke, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. John M. Brown and J. A. Sayles, of my personal staff; also to First Lieutenant R. C. Parker, Twelfth Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain RYAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 183. Report of Captain John D. Wilkins, Third U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR THE HENRY HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment moved with the division on April 27 and bivouacked at Hartwood Church.

On the 28th, bivouacked near an old mill.

On the 29th, crossed the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers, and bivouacked on the south side, near Ely's Ford, fording the latter stream.

On the morning of the 30th, the regiment was detailed as advance guard of the division, and moved as such to the United States Ford. The design of this expedition having been accomplished, it returned with the division to Chancellorsville.

On the morning of May 1, the regiment moved with the attacking column, and participated in the engagement of that day, in which 3 men were wounded and 4 missing. In the latter part of the day, acted as support to batteries near the Chancellor house.

On the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th, the regiment had its position with the division in line of battle.

On the morning of the 6th, moved with the division to the United States Ford, and crossed with it, returning to its former locality.

During these ten days the regiment has been exposed to almost all the hardships that the life of a soldier presents, and has borne them with a cheerfulness and alacrity that deserves commendation.

34 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

