
In the action of the 1st, both officers and men fully sustained their former reputation.

Assistant Surgeon [Edward T.] Whittingham was zealous and active in the discharge of his appropriate duties, and was present on the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain Third U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOSEPH M. LOCKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 184. Report of Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourth Infantry Regiment during the recent movement:

The regiment, consisting of 14 commissioned officers and 206 enlisted men, broke camp at 8 a.m. on the morning of April 27, and marched to camp near Hartwood Church, Va., a distance of 9 miles.

Left camp on the 28th; marched to Ely's Ford, waded across the Rapidan River, and went into camp. Distance marched, 15 miles.

On the 30th, marched to the United States Ford, and returned to bivouac near Chancellorsville, a distance of 12 miles.

May 1.-Left camp; engaged and skirmished with the enemy until 3 p.m., when the regiment was ordered to withdraw, after having helped to drive the enemy a distance of 2 miles. Returned to camp and rested in line of battle; on arms all night. Loss, 1 killed and 1 wounded.

May 2.-Moved to a new camp, about 2 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville, and remained until about 5 p.m., when we were ordered out into a new position, and remained so all night, in line of battle.

May 3.-The regiment intrenched, and remained in that position until May 5.

The regiment was on picket the night of the 5th, and remained so until 6 a.m. on the morning of the 6th, when it was withdrawn and ordered to recross the Rappahannock River.

Having crossed the river, the regiment moved back to its camp near Falmouth, Va., arriving about 4 p.m. Distance marched, 16 miles. One man wounded while on picket.

The following are the names of the officers who were with the regiment during the movement: Captain Hiram Dryer, commanding regiment; Second Lieutenant John Simons, regimental adjutant; Captain Julius W. Adams, acting field officer; Asst. Surg. B. Knickerbocker; First. Lieutenant T. A. Martin, commanding Company H; First Lieutenant A. B. Cain, commanding Company C; First Lieutenant A. Carolin, commanding Company F; First Lieutenant W. S. Collier, commanding Company K; First Lieutenant A. E. Sheldon; Second Lieuts. John Miller, Samuel T. Crowley, J. J. S. Hassler, G. W. Dost, George Atcheson, and Gerhard L. Luhn.

Assistant Surgeon Knickerbocker, together with all the officers and enlisted men, behaved with the utmost gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HIRAM DRYER,

Captain Fourth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOSEPH M. LOCKE, A. A. A. G., First Brigade.

