
Numbers 185. Report of Major Richard S. Smith, Twelfth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this regiment in the late march across the Rappahannock:

The camp was broken at 10 a.m. on April 27, and pitched at Hartwood Church.

On the 28th, crossed Deep Creek, and encamped at Kelly's Ford.

On the 29th, crossed the Rappahannock at 10.30 a.m. Forded Mountain Creek after noon and the Rapidan at 9 p.m. at Ely's Ford, and encamped near Ely's Ford.

On the 30th, reconnoitered the right bank of the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and marched to near Chancellorsville.

On May 1, advanced along the Fredericksburg road, and engaged the enemy at 12 m., and returned to the bivouac at 2 p.m.

On May 2, moved at 2.30 a.m. to a new position near Chancellorsville.

At 7 p.m. the regiment was ordered out to hold the roads, where it remained until after midnight.

On the morning of the 3rd, the regiment moved to a point on the Ely's Ford road near Chancellorsville, which it fortified and occupied until the morning of the 6th.

On the 6th, the regiment recrossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford at 7.30 a.m., and marched back to camp near Falmouth, where it arrived at 5 p.m.

Throughout the march, which was long and arduous, the regiment displayed an excellent spirit and great alacrity in the discharge of its duties.

The casualties were 6 wounded (2 believed to have died of their wounds) and 17 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. SMITH,

Major Twelfth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOSEPH M. LOCKE,

A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 5th A. C.

Numbers 186. Report of Captain Jonathan B. Hager, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and operations of the regiment from and including May 1 up to the evacuation of Chancellorsville:

The regiment arrived at Chancellor's on the evening of April 30, and encamped on the pike leading to Fredericksburg.

On the morning of May 1, the regiment, in connection with the rest of the brigade, was ordered to the front, and formed line of battle on the left of the Twelfth Infantry. At this time the Second Brigade of the division was engaging the enemy in front and on our right. The

