
skirmishers of the Third Infantry soon engaged those of the enemy, the latter falling back. Under a fire from the enemy's battery in front, the line advanced to the crest of the hill, and took its position under the crest, on the left of the line of the Second Brigade. After remaining in this position about half an hour, the line retired in splendid order to the position it book in the field before advancing, and shortly after to the encampment of the evening before.

In this advance the regiment lost 3 men killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing.

The officers and men behaved well, though many were under fire for the first time.

The regiment lay in line of battle, during the night of May 1, and was called to arms twice during the night.

After midnight of the 1st, we were ordered to change our position to the road leading from Chancellor's to the United States Ford.

The regiment remained here until evening, when it was ordered to take position to the left of the road to Ely's Ford, which position it occupied until after midnight, when we were ordered to move farther to the right on the same road, which the regiment held until the evacuation of the place.

Major Giddings, Fourteenth Infantry, arrived on the morning of May 3, and was ordered to the command of the regiment.

The following officers of the Fourteenth Infantry were present with the battalion on May 1 during the entire day and in all its subsequent movements:

Captain W. Harvey Brown, acting field officer.

Second Lieutenant Charles G. Smedgerg, adjutant.

Company A, First Battalion-Captain H. K. Thatcher and First Lieutenant John Henton.

Company B, First Battalion-Lieutenant G. M. Downey and Second Lieutenant C. McKibbin.

Company D, First Battalion-Captain George D. Norton and First Lieutenant James W. Weir.

Company E, First Battalion-Captain G. Ilges and Second Lieutenant Thomas E. Collins.

Company F, First Battalion-Captain J. J. Coppinger and First Lieuts. J. B. Sinclair and W. H. Mills.

Company F, Second Battalion-Captain W. H. Lawrence and First Lieuts. Alfred Foot and Robert H. Porter.

Company G, First Battalion-Captain H. De B. Clay and Second Lieutenant G. R. Vernon.

Company G, Second Battalion-Captain W. C. McCall and Lieuts. John McClintock and W. O. Douglas.

Lieuts. Daniel Loosley and Patrick Collins were on the sick report and with the ambulance, and did not participate in the movements and operations of the regiment at any time during its absence, nor have they been yet reported to me.

Capts. W. Harvey Brown and H. K. Thatcher, the former acting field officer and the latter commanding the right company, rendered me valuable assistance, and by their conduct encouraged both men and officers in the proper discharge of their duties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HAGER,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Regiment in the Field.

Captain JOSEPH M. LOCKE,

Fourteenth U. S. Inft., A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, Reg. Inft.

