
valuable officer, fell, and I assumed command of the same. The battalion moved back slowly in line of battle until ordered to move by the flank, the enemy still firing with musketry and artillery. We then occupied the camp of the night previous.

The behavior of the officers and men was excellent, with the exception of a few of the recruits lately received, who had never been under fire. Through the exertions of the officers, even the latter did their duty. I desire also to bring to the attention of the brigade commander the cool manner in which the battalion behaved on picket the night of the 5th instant-never firing a shot unless seeing the enemy, although continually fired at by the enemy's pickets. The officers present with the battalion were Captain Samuel A. McKee, commanding; First Lieutenant and Adjt. A. W. Kroutinger; First Lieutenant William F. Drum, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant F. C. Goodrich, commanding Company F; First Lieutenant A. Grafius, commanding Company I; Second Lieutenant Daniel W. Burke, commanding Company K, and Second Lieutenant Robert Davis, commanding Company C; Second Lieuts. Thomas Byrne and Henry Sommer. Second Lieutenant James Butler, Second Lieutenant James Butler, Second Infantry, joined the battalion May 3, from sick leave.

I would respectfully call the attention of the brigade commander to the gallant and cool behavior of First Lieutenant William F. Drum, Second Infantry, while advancing and withdrawing the line of skirmishers. I inclose a list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. McKEE,

Captain Second U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigadier, 2nd Div., 5th Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 189. Report of Captain Levi C. Bootes, Sixth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH U. S. INFANTRY,May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Sixth Regiment U. S. Infantry in the recent action near Chancellorsville, Va.

The regiment left camp near Potomac Creek, Va., on April 27, and arrived at Chancellorsville, Va., April 30.

On May 1, left camp. About 9 a.m. I received an order to take position in line of battle on the right of the Seventh, which being done the regiment advanced in line of battle, under a fire, to within 75 yards of the enemy, considerably in advance of the left of the line, at which point we received a heavy fire from the enemy, both from artillery and musketry. During this fire I received an order from the general commanding the division to hold my present position at all hazards, which I did until ordered to fall back.

The losses sustained at this point were as follows: 1 killed and 21 wounded. Having received an order to fall back, through Lieutenant Boyce, I did so in line of battle. Soon thereafter I received an order, through Lieutenant Kellogg, to march the battalion by a flank to the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

