
Stephen C. Neil, of Company E, who, when the color-bearer was shot down, gallantly picked [the colors] from his hands, and bore them during the remainder of the engagement. The regiment was on picket the same night in close proximity to the rebels, and covered the change of position of the corps.

We took our new position next morning, and protected ourselves by abatis. We were moved again near dusk to the support of Sickles' corps; were not engaged, and took a new position again during the night, which we strongly fortified in the morning, and remained there without being engaged until our final retreat on the morning of the 6th. In retreating there was much confusion, owing to the mixing of the troops on the road, which it was a moral impossibility to prevent, and the very many conflicting and contradictatory orders received from the different staff officers, not only from brigade but division and corps headquarters. I am happy to state, however, that all are over [the river] excepting those belonging to the medical department, who, I presume, have been taken prisoners, with Dr. Hichborn, the surgeon.* The arms of the regiment are in good order and condition, and the men are in good spirits. A requisition for ammunition will be made at once.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. P. HANCOCK,

Captain Seventh Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, Sykes' Div., 5th Army Corps.

Numbers 191. Report of Lieutenant Edward G. Bush, Tenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with a special order, dated Headquarters Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, May 7, 1863, I have the honor to report that I joined the Army of the Potomac, in camp near Chancellorsville, with 3 officers and 50 enlisted men, which comprised all of the regiment not previously in the field.

On the night of April 30, Companies G and H, Tenth Infantry, were relieved from duty as provost-guard, and joined the regiment, which then consisted of 8 officers and 100 enlisted men then present for duty in the field.

The regiment left camp on May 1, at about 11 a.m., and, after advancing on the road toward Fredericksburg about 3 miles, was formed in the first line of battle, on the left of the road, between the Seventh and Eleventh Regiments U. S. Infantry. The enemy was immediately engaged, and driven back nearly a mile. During this time, 27 of the enemy, including 1 officer, were captured.

The last position of the regiment during the advance was in a dense growth of small pines. In front of this, in an open field, beyond the effective range of musketry but in full view, the enemy were posted in force. The men remained here without firing much, lying down until the order to retire slowly and in good order was given, which order was executed as directed.

---------------

*According to the records of the Surgeon-General's Office, Acting Assistant Surgeon Hichborn was killed May 3.

---------------

