
The regiment returned with the brigade to the vicinity of the camp of the day preceding.

The regiment was on picket duty on May 3.

Rejoined the brigade May 4, and built a breastwork of logs, &amp;c., on the same day.

Returned to this camp on May 6.

It is with great pride and pleasure that I am able to report that the conduct of officers and men was most excellent, deserving the highest praise, both under fire and on the march.

Particular mention is due First Lieutenant Lauman for his gallant conduct and for his instrumentality in securing the prisoners. Second Lieutenants Hamilton and Hampson distinguished themselves at the same time. Honorable mention is also to be made of Lieutenants Crosman, Mackay, and Fisher.

I have the honor to recommend Sergt. Major William Stanley for promotion as a second lieutenant in the Regular Army for gallant conduct in the field, he being otherwise well qualified for that position.

The bearer of the national colors, Lance Sergt. John A. Crotty, Company D, Tenth Infantry, particularly distinguished himself by his soldierly conduct under fire and by capturing one of the enemy. He was also slightly wounded.

Sergeant [Michael] Finaughty, who carried the regiment colors, was particularly noticeable for his coolness under fire.

First Sergeant [James] Kelly, Company H, Corporal [Patrick] Frehan, Company K, Privates [William C.] Stewart, [Richard] Gregg, and [David] Sullivan, Company D, are also noticeable for good conduct.

To give a list of all the instances of good behavior on the part of the men, but few erasures on the company rolls would be necessary.

I have the honor to refer you to the report of Lieutenant Lauman, who commanded Companies H and G until the night of April 30.

The casualties were 12 wounded, all of whom were brought off the field, whose names I send herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. BUSH,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Tenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Second Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 192. Report of Lieutenant George S. Lauman, Tenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA.,

May -, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the battalion of the Tenth Infantry left camp on the morning of April 27, as provost-guard of the Second Division, Fifth Corps, with orders to follow in rear of the division and arrest all stragglers belonging to the division, and remained as provost-guard until the division arrived at Chancellorsville, where I was relieved by Lieutenant Vance, of the Eleventh Infantry, and joined the headquarters of my regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. LAUMAN,

First Lieutenant Tenth Infantry.

First Lieutenant E. G. BUSH,

Adjutant Tenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

