
Numbers 193. Report of Major DeLancey Floyd Jones, Eleventh U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: The following in brief have been the operations of the Eleventh Infantry during the past ten days:

Marching from this camp on the 27th ultimo, we reached, after four days' hard marching, Chancellorsville, Va., and encamped on the night of April 30 in a woods near that village.

On the morning of May 1, we moved from our camp out on the Fredericksburg pike, the Seventeenth Infantry leading the division, the Eleventh Infantry following, left in front. In less than 1 mile's march we encountered the enemy, who, at the time, was skirmishing with the cavalry. This battalion was at once deployed in line of battle, and in that order moved to the front, the men advancing steadily and with a will, although exposed to a sharp fire from musketry and artillery. The enemy was driven from his first position, the result being the capture of thirty or more prisoners, one of them a commissioned officer. This capture the Eleventh Infantry shared with the Tenth.

After a short halt we again advanced, and only stopped when within close proximity to a large force of rebel troops with a battery of artillery.

After remaining some time in our last position, we quietly returned to our previous camp-ground.

The night of May 2, we were again called upon to meet the enemy, and were marched out on the road leading to Ely's Ford, near the Chandler house, where we threw up a rude breastwork with such implements as we had at hand. At this point we continued doing picket duty, in face of the enemy, until quietly withdrawn this a.m.

The success attained on the 1st instant was due to the coolness and bravery exhibited by the officers and men, all of whom behaved well. Of those particularly active I would mention Captain C. S. Russell and Second Lieutenant F. A. Field (battalion adjutant), Eleventh Infantry.

The following non-commissioned officers and men have also been reported to me by their commanders as worthy of special notice: First Sergt. Henry M. Reed, Corpl. William Wylie, and Private John Clilon, Company C; First Sergt. Milton W. Powers, Corpl. William Lundergen, and John Hayes, Company E, Eleventh Infantry. Sergt. Edmund Burgyone, Company G (color-bearer), was particularly distinguished.

Respectfully submitted.

DEL. FLOYD-JONES,

Major Eleventh Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 194. Report of Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP ON POTOMAC CREEK, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that this battalion, forming part of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, left

