
camp near Potomac Creek, Va., on the morning of April 27; marched to Hartwood Church, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 28th ultimo, marched to within about 7 miles of Kelly's Ford, on the Rapidan River, and bivouacked.

On the 29th ultimo, crossed that river at Kelly's Ford and the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 30th ultimo, marched, via Chancellorsville, toward the United States Ford, on the Rappahannock River; but, meeting no enemy, returned and bivouacked on the Fredericksburg turnpike, about 2 miles from Chancellorsville.

On May 1, at 10.30 a.m., the battalion moved out on the Fredericksburg turnpike, with the brigade left in front. Having advanced about half a mile, the battalion was deployed as skirmishers on the left of the turnpike, and subsequently two companies were sent to the right of the turnpike. The line of skirmishers now advanced at the double-quick, driving the enemy before it and capturing 6 prisoners. This rapid advance was maintained for nearly a mile, when a commanding hill was reached, and held, as ordered, until orders were received to retire in line of battle. During the time the skirmishers were advancing, the enemy opened upon us a well directed fire of artillery and infantry; this, in connection with the marshy ground, and, from the center to the left of the battalion, the dense growth of vines and underbrush, rendered the movement extremely difficult, and when it is considered that several of the officers and fully three-fourth of the men were under fire for the first time, I feel it but just to say their steadiness and gallantry were remarkable. The battalion, in line of battle, or by the flank, as the nature of the ground made necessary, and with one company deployed as skirmishers to command our rear, subsequently retired, and toward night reoccupied its former bivouac. Soon after sunset, a fire from the enemy was opened in front of the Third Brigade and this battalion, but was met by so heavy a fire from the right battalion of that brigade and the first division of this battalion as to render the enemy's position untenable. During the remainder of the time occupied by the late movements, this battalion acted in connection with the brigade, and while on picket for twenty-four hours, commencing on the afternoon of the 4th instant, lost 1 man killed and 2 men wounded.

Where all behaved so well I find it impossible to single out individual among my officers as having excelled, but I may be permitted to pay a slight tribute to the memory of Captain William J. Temple, who fell while gallantly leading his company. His loss is irreparable. Gentle in manners, but resolute in deed, he was an ornament to the service and to manhood.

I append a statement in detail of the strength of the battalion and a list of casualties. In explanation of the number of missing, I desire to state that the men are in all probability prisoners, as the line of skirmishers was very much extended and outflanked on both flanks. The battalion consisted of seven companies.

Field and staff.-Major George L. Andrews, commanding; Captain John P. Wales, acting field officer; First Lieutenant Alexander Menzies, acting adjutant, and Sergt. Major George O. Lloyd-3 officers and 1 man.

Company A, First Battalion.-Captain C. C. Goddard, commanding, and Second Lieutenant E. S. Abbott-2 officers and 40 men.

Company C, First Battalion.-Captain William J. Moorhead, commanding; First Lieutenant Charles T. Weld, and Second Lieutenant James J. Emerson-3 officers and 33 men.

Company D, First Battalion.-First Lieutenant George W. Green, commanding, and First Lieutenant Louis H. Sanger-2 officers and 43 men.

