
Company G, First Battalion.-Captain Samuel Dana, commanding; First Lieutenant J. D. Carney and Second Lieutenant J. H. Bradford-3 officers and 35 men.

Company H, First Battalion.-Captain William J. Temple, commanding, and First Lieuts. John S. Knapp and William H. Chamberlin-3 officers and 43 men.

Company A, Second Battalion.-Captain D. H. Chase, commanding, and First Lieutenant George W. Smith-2 officers and 75 men.

Company B, Second Battalion.-Captain E. H. Ludington, commanding; First Lieutenant L. H. Warren and Second Lieutenant F. E. Stimpson-3 officers and 40 men. Total, 21 officers and 310 men.*

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Major Seventeenth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

Act. Asst. Adj. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 5th Army Corps.

Numbers 195. Report of Colonel Patrick H. O'Rorke, One hundred and fortieth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with special orders of this date from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade during the recent movements of this army:

On the morning of April 27, the brigade broke camp and moved with the division, encamping for the night at Hartwood Church.

On the 28th, we marched to Crittenden's Mills, where we passed the night.

On the 29th, we moved at 7 a.m. at the head of the division; crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford; thence marched to Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan; crossed it after dark, and encamped.

The next morning (April 30) we marched to the United States Ford, and thence to Chancellorsville, half a mile beyond which we encamped and threw out pickets to cover our front.

On May 1, we moved with the division, the First and Second Brigades being in advance of us. When the head of the column met the enemy advancing from Fredericksburg, the Third Brigade was deployed in line of battle, extending across the road, and advanced to the support of the troops in our front until halted by General Sykes.

Here we remained until 2 p.m. It having been discovered that the enemy was turning our right flank, six companies of the One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers were sent out as skirmishers to protect that flank.

The Fifth New York Volunteers also deployed skirmishers through the woods on the left of the division. Some of these skirmishers were captured by the enemy. Their names are given in the list of casualties. When ordered to retire, the brigade fell back in line of battle, in good order, until behind the Second Corps, when it was formed in column in

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties here omitted, shows 1 officer and 5 men killed; 2 officers and 21 men wounded; 6 men missing.

---------------

