
The officers and men of the Fifth New York Volunteers behaved as they have always done; I can give them no higher praise.

The officers and men of the One hundred and fortieth and One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers vied with them in their coolness, attention to duty, and ready compliance with orders.

I was ably seconded in all my efforts, both on the march and in the field, by the staff officers of the brigade, consisting of Captain Marvin, assistant adjutant-general, Captain [Edgar W.] Warren, commissary, and Lieutenant [Thomas E.] Fish, acting assistant inspector-general, who acted as aides in the field and performed their duties creditably.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. O'RORKE,

Colonel 140th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE RYAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 196. Report of Lieutenant Louis Ernst, One hundred and fortieth New York Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of this regiment:

April 27.-Marched to Hartwood Church.

April 28.-Marched to Crittendens' Mills.

April 29.-Marched to Ely's Ford across the Rapidan, having crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford; took a position on the south bank of the Rapidan.

April 30.-Took up march to the United States Ford, to cover the crossing of troops there, but found the enemy had evacuated; marched to Chancellorsville, Va.

May 1.-Advanced on the left of the Third Brigade in line of battle, about 1 1/2 miles, under severe shelling; had 1 man killed. Retired to our camp, where we had not been fifteen minutes when the enemy came down on us, and were repulsed by the Third Brigade; 1 man killed and several wounded. Remained in camp until after midnight.

May 2.-At 2 a.m. marched to a position farther on the left, where we built an abatis. At 5 p.m. were moved to the center line, where we were drawn up in line of battle at several points.

May 3.-Remained in position in rear of the Second Brigade, Second Division, supporting.

May 4.-In same place.

May 5.-Changed position to support First Brigade.

May 6.-At 2 a.m. marched to the United States Ford; drew up in line of battle to oppose the approach of the enemy in the rear; crossed the ford without casualties, and marched to present camp.

LOUIS ERNST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. S. MARVIN, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

