
Numbers 197. Report of Colonel Kenner Garrard, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to order, I have the honor to report that my regiment left its camp on the 27th ultimo, and was with its brigade (the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps) on the march from camp to Chancellorsville, Va., via Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, and Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, and was with its division in all its operations until the return to this camp on the 6th instant, doing as well as I could expect of it int he performance of whatever duty assigned it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Colonel One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Third Brigade, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 198. Report of Captain Frank C. Gibbs, Battery L, First Ohio Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of Battery L, First Ohio Light Artillery, in the late engagement with the enemy:

Left Stoneman's Station April 30 at 3 p.m. encamped near Hurtwood Church for the night at 8 p.m.

May 1.-Broke camp at 6 a.m.; crossed the United States Ford at 3 p.m., and went into park at Chancellorsville at 9 p.m.

May 2.-Broke camp at 6 a.m. and went into park 1 mile from Chancellorsville, on the road leading to the ford.

May 3.-Ordered to the front at 7 a.m., and took position with the left and center sections, on the right, and with the right section, on the front of the white house line of operations. Remained in position until May 5, at 7.30 p.m., when we marched to the United States Ford, crossing at 5 a.m. May 6, arriving at our old camp at 1.30 p.m.

Lost 1 lieutenant and 1 corporal, killed; 2 corporals and 6 privates wounded.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. C. GIBBS,

Captain, Commanding Battery L, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Captain S. H. WEED, Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 199. Report of Lieutenant Malbone F. Watson, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery I, Fifth Artillery, losses, &amp;c., in the late actions with the enemy between April 27 and May 6:

The battery left camp near Falmouth on the 27th; marched to Hartwood, and encamped for the night. Next day reached Kelly's Mills.

