
Marched on the 29th to the Rapidan, at Ely's Ford; crossed on the 30th, and marched to Chancellorsville, and encamped for the night.

Moved out on May 1, with the division, on the old Richmond pike, and took position. After firing one or two shots, I was ordered farther to the front, and was there engaged with the enemy for about an hour. In this action, 1 limber was destroyed by a shot from the enemy, 2 men slightly wounded, 1 horse killed and 4 wounded. After the action, the battery retired, with the division, and took up a position near the Chancellor house, remaining until the morning of the 2nd, when it was ordered to fall back on the road to the ford, and bivouacked in a field about 1 1/2 miles in the rear.

Sunday morning, went into position again, and was engaged in repulsing the enemy's attack on that day. Was again engaged on Monday.

Tuesday night, received orders to return to camp near Falmouth, and reached here about noon on Wednesday.

On Sunday, the 3rd, 2 men of the battery were slightly wounded. One bugler, serving as orderly to Captain Weed, Fifth Artillery, was wounded slightly in the hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. WATSON,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery I.

Captain S. H. WEED, Commanding Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 200. Report of Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have to submit the following report, in compliance with the circular from headquarters of the Fifth Corps, of the 7th instant, by which division commanders were directed to send in their reports of the part taken by their commands in the recent operations of the army on the south bank of the Rappahannock:

On April 27, in obedience to orders, I marched from camp near Falmouth, my division, of two brigades, consisting of 3,481 enlisted men and 203 commissioned officers, exclusive of general and general staff officers. Of these, 1,616 enlisted men and 95 commissioned officers composed the First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, and 2,865 enlisted men and 108 officers formed the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel P. H. Allabach, One hundred and thirty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Having received orders on the morning of April 29, at the bivouac near Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, to cross that river with my division in the rear of all commands and trains, and to bring up the trains of the corps and of the pontoons, the supervision of the crossing of that stream by the trains and forces on the north bank was turned over to me by Major-General Meade as soon as the First and Second Divisions of the Fifth Corps had passed over.

It was nearly 8 o'clock in the evening before my division was able to cross, and 11.30 before the pontoon train was ready to move. At that hour I sent my column in motion for Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, but the length of the trains of pack-mules, cattle, &amp;c., the bad condition of the

35 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

