
Having been directed by the major-general commanding the corps to ascertain whether the enemy was in force in my immediate front, Colonel Francine, by my order, sent out 50 picked men to reconnoiter. This duty was handsomely performed. The enemy's infantry pickets were ascertained to commence on the river 1 1/2 miles below our left, and to extend obliquely from our line toward the Plank road. Colonel Francine returned to his brigade the night of the 2nd instant.

About daylight on the morning of the 3rd, I received orders to march my division to the vicinity of the junction of the Mineral Spring road (running along the front occupied by the Fifth Corps on the 2nd instant) with the road from Chancellorsville to Ely's Ford, leaving the artillery in position and a staff officer to point out the details of the position to the troops that were to occupy it; but just as my column was being put in motion, the head of the Eleventh Corps made its appearance, and at the same time I received orders not to move until I was relieved by that corps.

As soon as Major-General Schurz had relieved me, about 6.10 a.m., I marched, and about 7 o'clock massed my division in rear of the center of Griffin's position, on the Ely's Ford road, being instructed to support Griffin, Sykes, or French, on the left of Griffin, as circumstances might require.

About 8 a.m. Allabach's brigade, the Second, of my division, was placed in line from the left of Griffin (Chandler's house), along the Ely's Ford road to the woods intervening between Chandler's and Chancellor's houses, the ground previously occupied by a part of French's division, engaged with the enemy in the woods on our front.

At about 9 a.m. I received orders to send a brigade to the support of General French, and directed General Tyler to support him. Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, assistant inspector-general, Fifth Corps, and a staff officer of General French, conducted General Tyler to the position he was to take. He had scarcely moved into it when the enemy in strong force opened a fire upon him. It was returned with spirit, and a warm engagement ensued, which was continued for about an hour, when the enemy in increasing numbers began to outflank the right.

The greater part of the 60 rounds of ammunition of the brigade had by this time been nearly expended, as reported to me by General Tyler, who asked for a new supply. This it would have been impracticable to distribute had it been with the brigade, and it would probably have fallen into the hands of the enemy had it been sent, so closely was the brigade pressed by them. General Tyler was, therefore, directed to withdraw when his ammunition was expended, which he did soon afterward. General Tyler states that the conduct of the officers and men was admirable.

The loss incurred in this spirited engagement was 1 officer (Captain John Brant, One hundred and thirty-fourth Pennsylvania) killed; 7 officers wounded, 20 enlisted men killed, ad 158 enlisted men wounded, and 3 officers and 51 men missing, making a total of killed, wounded, and missing in the brigade of 11 officers and 229 enlisted men. Among the officers wounded I regret to mention Colonel E. M. Gregory, Ninety-first Pennsylvania, seriously, and Major Joseph Anthony, One hundred and Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, severely.

Ammunition was supplied to the brigade immediately upon its withdrawal from the woods in which it had been engaged. At about 11 a.m. I received directions to place two regiments of Allabach's brigade at the disposition of Major-General Couch, commanding Second Corps, and one of his staff officers at the same time requested me to place them

