
Humphreys, aides-de-camp; Captain A. F. Cavada, assistant inspector-general and special aide-de-camp; Capts. E. G. Regrer and E. C. Rice, engineers; Captain E. Knowles, commissary of subsistence, and Surg. Isaac D. Knight, medical director.

Hospitals were quickly established in suitable localities at each position that the division assumed.

I cannot close this report without expressing my gratification at the fine spirit that animated my division throughout the recent operations.

Long marches, rapid movements, long-continued labor in opening roads and throwing up entrenchments, exposure to heavy and continuous rain, loss of rest, all combined, did not destroy their cheerfulness nor dampen their spirits. They exhibited the same courage in meeting the enemy that they had formerly shown, and this under circumstances that are recognized as unfavorable to the exhibition of the best qualities of troops. I refer to the fact that their term of service was about expiring. Indeed, one of the regiments, the One hundred and twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, should, under the usual rule, have been on the march homeward from camp on the 4th instant. It left here on the 8th instant, the day upon which its term of service expired. During the present week three of the regiments of my division leave it to be mustered out of the service, a fourth leaves on the 17th, and a fifth in a few days after, if not at that time, thus reducing my division to two small three years' regiments, the Ninety-first and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

In making this my last report of the operations of my division as at present constituted, I trust I may be excused for recurring to the services it has performed. Hastily organized in September last near Washington, the regiments newly raised, it made a long and painful march of more than 23 miles in a dark night to take part in the expected battle of the next day at Antietam. When in camp the officers and men have been zealous in their efforts to acquire a knowledge of the duties of the soldier. They have cheerfully performed every duty required of them, whether that of the working party or armed service. They have been prompt and obedient, and have fought as well as the best troops at Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville. The task of instructions has been a heavy one to me, but I have the satisfaction of knowing that my efforts have not been without good results.

The reports of Colonel Allabach and Captains Randol and Barnes, accompany this.

I submit herewith tabular and nominal lists of the killed, wounded, and missing,* and tabular statements of property lost.

I have the honor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. G., Fifth Army Corps.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1863.

COLONEL: Understanding that a more detailed statement respecting the crossing of the Rappahannock on the pontoon bridge at Kelly's Ford may be desirable, I have to report that, at the time the supervision of the crossing was turned over to me by the major-general commanding the Fifth Corps, Major-General Stoneman's Cavalry Corps had begun to cross on the bridge, all of which passed over there excepting

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

