
(as I understood) one brigade, that crossed at the deep ford just above. There were two interruptions during this crossing, owing to the partial failure of a part of the bridge. The delay thus caused was from one hour to one hour and a half. As soon as the cavalry passed, two regiments of infantry of the Twelfth Corps and the brigade of infantry of the Eleventh Corps, guarding its baggage, were passed, and during the passage of the cavalry a regiment of the Twelfth Corps was passed over at the earnest solicitation of the colonel, who represented himself to have received orders to leave the train he was with and join his command. As soon as the infantry of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps was over, the headquarters trains of the Twelfth Corps passed, then those of the Eleventh Corps, followed by the supply trains, as I understood them to be, of the Eleventh Corps. Two interruptions occurred during the passage of the latter by the bad management of the wagons, one of which nearly proved fatal to the small bridge across Marsh Run, and the other to a spain of the pontoon bridge. These caused a delay of at least half an hour, if not more. The train mentioned consisted of at least 125 wagons and 55 spring wagons and ambulances, belonging chiefly, almost entirely, as reported to me, to the Eleventh Corps.

The trains of the Fifth Corps succeeded immediately, and, when everything had passed, my division of infantry crossed. It was dusk when its head reached the bridge. All the cattle were, by my directions, swum across Marsh Run, and taken across the river at the ford.

The passage across the river on the bridge was continuous; not an instant was lost. By the aid of my staff, the trains were kept closed and, by the admirable management of the officer in charge of the bridge, ignorant, careless, and stupid drivers were passed safely and rapidly over the bridge, with the exceptions just noted.

The instant my infantry passed, which must have been 8 o'clock, or about that hour, the taking up of the bridge commenced, and at 11.30 p.m. the march for Ely's Ford commenced from the forks of the road, at a house about a half or three-fourths of a mile from the river. The demands made upon me for authority to cross the brigade by various staff officers of the headquarters trains and others out of the order which I had arranged, in consonance with the instructions I received from the major-general commanding the corps, or the order of precedence he had left with me, were incessant and repeated. I need hardly state that I did not yield to them.

I believe that I have mentioned every material fact in my report and this appendix to it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. G., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 201. Report of Brigadier Ge. Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of casualties of my command in the action of the 3rd instant,* and also to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in that engagement:

About 9 a.m. I received an order from Major-General Meade to put

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

