
Too much credit cannot be given the officers and men of this brigade; not a single neglect came under my notice during the engagement. The colors of the different regiments show that they were carried well to the front, and I saw them repeatedly waved in the face of the enemy. The officers of my staff, Captains [Henry C.] Ranney and [William H.] Davidson, and Lieutenants [James B.] Diehl and [Stearns E.] Tyler, rendered me every assistance in their power, under an incessant fire.

Among the officers seriously wounded, I have with regret to mention Major Anthony, of the One hundred and I went-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, a true soldier and dutiful officer. Lieutenant-Colonels Rowe and Shaw were slightly wounded, as was also Lieutenant Diehl, aide-de-camp.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CARSWELL McCLELLAN,

A. A. G., Third Division,

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, who will correct his statement to accord with the fact that he received the order to support Major-General French from Brigadier-General Humphreys, through his assistant adjutant-general, Captain McClellan, with the information that Lieutenant-Colonel Webb would indicate the position to be occupied. In endeavoring to assign a reason why he was not supplies with additional ammunition while his command was under fire, General Tyler undertakes to assign causes for the action of General Humphreys, which it is not his province to do. He will, therefore, erase that part of his report.

By command of Brigadier-General Humphreys:

CARSWELL McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. TYLER'S Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

Respectfully reforwarded, with the remark that the order was received from Major-General Meade in the very language used in this report, and upon that order my command was put in motion. The order was received from Major-General Meade in person, and so far as any allusion to General Humphreys or any other officer connected with the command is concerned, I fail to see it, and know there was no intention to reflect in the least upon any one connected with the ammunition. I merely stated it as a fact, the evidence of which I received from General Humphreys, on application to him for ammunition after reforming alongside of the road.

E. B. TYLER,Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Tyler, who will state whether he did or did not receive from Brigadier-General Humphreys,

