
through his assistant adjutant-general, Captain McClellan, and order to support Major-General French, accompanied by the information that Lieutenant-Colonel Webb would point out to him the position to be occupied.

By command of Brigadier-General Humphreys.

CARSWELL McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 4.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 10, 1863.

Respectfully reforwarded, with the remark that I am informed by on of my staff that while on the march, in the execution of the order received from Major-General Meade, Captain McClellan rode up to me. He may have repeated the order received from Major-General Meade, but I have no recollection of hearing it from him, and have but a very faint idea of seeing him, the order from General Meade being of such an urgent character that my attention was given entirely to its prompt execution.

E. B. TYLER,Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1863.

When I reached Brigadier-General Tyler with the order from General Humphreys to move to the support of General French, General Tyler was at or near the right of the regiment nearest the white house. His command had not commenced to move, and did not appear to me to be on the point of doing so. When I delivered the order to him, he asked where he was to take position, and when I informed him again that Lieutenant-Colonel Webb would designate the position to be occupied, he asked where he would find Colonel Webb. I pointed to the colonel, who had already started for the woods, and then returned to General Humphreys. By the time I had returned to the left of the brigade, the movement commenced.

CARSWELL McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 6.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1863.

The facts are simply these: I was beside or close to Major-General Meade when the staff officer of General French asked for support. General Meade turned to me and directed me to send a brigade. Tyler's, he knew, was the one available. I immediately gave the order to my adjutant-general, with directions about Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, and including in it the staff officer of General French. My adjutant-general, Captain McClellan, rode directly to General Tyler, and, upon returning, reported that he gave the order. By the time he returned, the brigade was in motion. It had been in line close by the left, not 100 yards distant. General Tyler received the order to support General French from me, and moved his command in obedience to it. Subsequently he

