
received instructions how to move it from Lieutenant-Colonel Webb. All this is corroborated by the statement of Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, whose account agrees with that of Captain McClellan.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 202. Report of Colonel Jacob G. Frick, One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 77, issued from brigade headquarters, May 7, instant, that my command, the One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, with the other regiments of the brigade, was ordered to the support of the Third Army Corps about 5 a. m., Sunday, the 3rd instant.

At 9 a. m. the brigade, at a double-quick, entered the woods in front of our batteries and rifle-pits in the center at Chancellorsville, Va., left in front, which threw my regiment in the advance. Line of battle was formed under a severe and damaging fire about 50 yards in advance of the Twenty-eighth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, attached to the division of General French, and in an undergrowth that, from its density, made the movement peculiarly difficult.

In the engagement, which lasted until 11 a. m., officers and men behaved with the same coolness and gallantry that characterized their conduct on other fields since they have been in the service of their country. The fire was delivered with steadiness and precision, and I am satisfied that this effective fire forced the enemy to move from my front, and in the direction of the right of the brigade. Not hearing the order to retire, and being unwilling to do so without and order, my regiment remained in line after the balance of the brigade on my right, and French's division on my left, had given way or retired under orders.

Being thus isolated from any portion of the army, and seeing that there was imminent danger of being cut off by a large force of the enemy, which was moving around my right and rear, the regiment, under my orders, faced by the rear rank, and retired and reformed in the rear of the batteries placed in position to check the advancing enemy.

While moving to the rear, I encountered a portion of the enemy, which had previously passed my right flank. A severe struggle took place for my regimental colors; the bearers, Sergeants [Lewis S.] Boner, Company E, and [Peter M.] Miller, Company F, clung to them as manfully, however, as they had borne them during the fight. One of the enemy who had seized them was killed, another captured, and the rest driven back by a well-directed and destructive volley.

The rebels on the extreme right advanced in force to the edge of the woods, and so closely upon that flank of the regiment that the retreat of some of my men of the companies on the right was intercepted by their advancing ranks, and they only escaped capture by the confusion into which the rebels were thrown by the effective fire of the batteries.

