
To Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, Major Anthony (who, I regret to say, was severely wounded), and Adjutant Green, I am indebted for valuable assistance in the field. They performed their several duties with the utmost coolness and determination, evincing a steadiness of purpose worthy of emulation.

The regiment sustained a loss of 5 killed, 33 wounded, and 6 missing (enlisted men), and 1 officer (Major Anthony) seriously wounded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB G. FRICK,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Vol. Infantry.

Captain H. C. RANNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 5th Army Corps.

Numbers 203. Report of Colonel Peter H. Allabach, One hundred and thirty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

CAMP HUMPHREYS, VA., May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 33, from division headquarters, dated May 7, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the action of Sunday, the 3rd instant:

I reached the battle-field at 6 a. m. Formed my command in line of battle, by battalion closed in mass, in rear of battery, under cover of the woods.

At 8 o'clock formed brigade in line of battle, in the open field to the left of the white house. After remaining in line a short time, I received orders from you to move the two left regiments, One hundred and thirty-third and One hundred and fifty-fifth, farther to the left, in order that the batteries could take position to the front and in center of my line.

Under this disposition of my command, I lay until 11 o'clock, when I received orders from you to throw the two left regiments perpendicular to the road, and to advance in line of battle, with skirmishers in front, as far as to the edge of the wood bordering near the Chancellor house. This movement was explained to me as interned to hold the enemy in check long enough for the corps of Major-General Couch and Sickles to get into another position, and not to bring on an action if it could be avoided; and, should the enemy advance in force, to fall back slowly until I arrived on the edge of the wood, there to mass in column and double-quick to the roar, that the artillery might fire in this wood. I was instructed that I was to consider myself under the command of Major-General Couch.

In obedience to these orders, at about 11 o'clock I advanced with these two regiments forward through the wood, under a severe fire of shell, grape, and canister. I encountered their skirmishers when near the farther edge of the wood. Allow me to state that the skirmishers of the enemy were negroes. Slight skirmishing going on until retiring.

At about 3 o'clock, I retired form this wood and formed brigade by battalion closed in mass on the ground of the first formation. Shortly after, I moved to the right and rear of the Regulars, as a support.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 181.

---------------

