
All the officers and men behaved well. I desire particularly to mention Captain [John S.] Bell, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [Horatio K.] Tyler, inspector-general, and Lieutenants [Albert D.] Lundy and [John T.] Denniston, for their promptness in carrying my orders and in seeing them executed. Colonels Speakman and Cain carried out their instructions with coolness and gallantry.

The loss in killed and wounded is as follows: 1 officer and 3 privates killed, and 1 officer and 30 privates wounded.

With much respect, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

P. H. ALLABACH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 204 Report of Captain Almont Barnes, Battery C, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on April 30, ultimo, at 1 p. m., the battery under my command (C, First New York Artillery), in accordance with orders from headquarters of the army, left camp, near Stoneman's Swith, to join the army near Chancellorsville, Va., which place it reached at 5 p. m. the next day, May 1.

On the morning of May 2, in accordance with orders from Captain Weed, chief of corps artillery, I reported to Brigadier-General Tyler with my command on the left front of the army, and by him was placed in position on his right, and there remained until 8 p. m. of the 5th instant, when, by your order, I commenced the march for this camp, arriving here at 1 p. m. on the 6th instant.

Accompanying this, I submit a statement of losses, &amp;c.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALMONT BARNES,

Captain First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

Captain A. M. RANDOL,

Commanding Artillery, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 205. Report of Captain Alanson M. Randol, Battery E, First U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my battery left camp on the 27th ultimo. Marched with the division to Chancellorsville, where, of Friday, I was ordered to report with my battery to General Sykes. About 4 p. m. I was ordered to return to the division, and by direction of General Humphreys placed the battery in position on the extreme left. I remained in position until the night of May 5, when I was or-

