
dered by General Slocum to recross the Rappahannock, via the United States Ford. The battery arrived at its old camp near Falmount on the 6th instant. During the march to Chancellorsville, the rear axle of one of my caissons broke, owing to the great weight of forage I was ordered by the chief of artillery to carry on my carriages, but it was promptly repaired during the night.

During the absence of Captain Weed, I was in command of the corps artillery, and directed its march, from the position in the rear of Chancellorsville, across the river. This movement, in itself a very difficult one, the night being very dark and stormy and the roads almost impassable, was greatly retarded, my command being twice ordered to return to its former position and twice countermanded. Finally, General Hunt being absent, I was directed by General Patrick to move the artillery across the river. Being the ranking officer present, I ordered Captain Amsden to move on with his battery, and from that time, as far as I know, the passage of the artillery was almost without interruption.

I also forward herewith the report of Captain Bernes, commanding Battery C, First New York Artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RANDOL,

Captain First U. S. Artillery.

Captain S. H. WEED,

Chief of Artillery, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 206. Report of Major General John Sedgwick, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 15, 1863.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations on the left:

On Tuesday, the 28th ultimo, in compliance with orders of the commanding general, received that morning, the Sixth Corps moved to the vicinity of Franklin's crossing, near the mouth of Deep Run; the First Corps, Major-General Reynolds, to a position about 1 mile farther down the river, and the Third Corps, Major-General Sickles, took position slightly to the rear and between the positions of the First and Sixth Corps. All the troops encamped that night behind the heights, without fires, and concealed from the observation of the enemy. During the night the pontoons were carried to the river by hand. At the upper crossing, and shortly before daylight, Brooks' division, of the Sixth Corps, crossed in the boats, Russell's brigade taking the lead, and receiving the fire of the enemy's pickets and reserves. The enemy's rifle-pits were immediately occupied, and three bridges were rapidly laid, under the direction of Brigadier-General Benham.

At Reynolds' crossing, 1 mile farther down, the passage was delayed by a severe fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, but was at length gallantly accomplished, General Wadsworth crossing with a portion of his division in the boats, and driving the enemy from their

rifle-pits.

During the day, Wednesday, April 29, the command was held in readiness to cross, while the enemy was rapidly entrenching on his entire front, and occasionally shelling Reynolds' position, on the left.

