
and McCarthy, and Lieutenants Williston, Butler, Martin, Parsons, and Harn proved themselves, by the able manner in which they handled their batteries and the coolness and courage they displayed under the most trying circumstances, to be worthy of all praise, and entitled to promotion. I respectfully recommend all the above-named officers for brevet.

For the names of others who distinguished themselves, as well as for more full particulars, I respectfully call your attention to the accompanying reports of Majors Tompkins and De Peyster, Captain McCarthy, and Lieutenants Butler and Harn,* whose recommendations I cordially indorse.

I inclose a list of casualties, and of property loss and destroyed.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Sixth Army Corps.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 208. Report of Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May -, 1863.

SIR: I have respectfully to report the operations of this division in the late campaign against the enemy on the south side of the Rappahannock.

We left our camp near White Oak Church on Tuesday, April 28, getting to the bluff overlooking the river bottom, opposite the month of Deep Creek, near dark.

There the troops went into bivouac, and remained until nearly midnight, when Russell's brigade, composed of the Eighteenth and Thirty-second New York Volunteers, the Forty-ninth, Ninety-fifth, and One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, marched down to the river side, to be thrown over in boats. More delay than was anticipated occurred in getting the boats into the river, so that it was just at the break of day when the first party, occupying some twenty-three boats, landed on the opposite side of the river, and received the fire of the enemy's pickets, collected in rifle-pits, more to annoy than to contest our crossing. The whole division crossed rapidly in the boats, with about a dozen casualties. The enemy gradually fell back, and when broad daylight came and the slight mist arose that was spread over the valley of the river, we found our picket line face to face with that of the enemy, sperate only by about 100 yards.

During the day the line was gradually extended to our left until it connected with that of Wadsworth's division, of Reynolds' corps.

The division occupied about this position, without any incidents occurring, until Friday afternoon, the 1st instant, when the Light Brigade, under Colonel Burnham, of the Sixth Maine, relieved the brigade then occupying the front. The enemy in the meantime had drawn back his picket line to the old Richmond road.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

