
As night came on the division was withdrawn to the heights covering Banks' Ford, and at a late hour passed to the north bank of the river.

Thus terminated the second campaign of this division on the south banks of the Rappahannock.

I inclose the reports of the respective brigade commanders, and in their commendation of individuals I heartily concur.

The conduct of the different regiments throughout the campaign, and especially in action, is deserving of the highest praise. Although temporarily repulsed by overwhelming numbers on the evening of the 3rd, their confidence in themselves and ability to cope successfully with the enemy were not in the slightest impaired. The conduct of the officers and men of the two-years' regiments, on the eve of the expiration of their term of service, has excited universal admiration, and as pre-eminent among these I beg leave to call attention to the Sixteenth New York Volunteers, Colonel Seaver. The list of the killed and wounded of this regiment shows where it stood in battle.

The able and skillful manner in which Brigadier-General Bartlett and Russell commanded their respective brigades is worthy of the highest approbation. My confidence in them was unlimited, and on every occasion they proved themselves worthy of it.

In the absence of the gallant Torbert, his brigade was under the command of Colonel H. W. Brown, Third New Jersey Volunteers, until severely wounded, when the command devolved on Colonel Buck, Second New Jersey Volunteers, who met with a serious accident by the fall of his horses, as we were about recrossing the river. Both of these officers displayed much coolness and bravery, and are entitled to my thanks for the assistance rendered me. I regret very much the loss of their services to the regiment and brigade, even temporarily.

Major J. A. Tompkins, commanding the artillery brigade of the division, proved himself not only diligent and skillful in his profession, but cool and daring in the hour of danger. I claim that his command is not excelled by any other of the same arm in the army.

Whatever of excellence this division may possess, I beg leave to attribute to the manner in which the respective brigades have been commanded.

To the members of my personal staff my thank are due, and I respectfully commend their services to the notice of the Government. Their faithfulness, zeal, and intelligence have been exhibited on many fields. They are: Captain Theodore Read, assistant adjutant-general, severely wounded; Lieuts. A. K. Parsons and D. D. Wheeler, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Duffy, Third New Jersey Volunteers, acting inspector-general; Captain A. M. Tyler, Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, commissary of muster-all constantly on the field with me.

The management of the hospitals and the care of the wounded was under the special charge of Surg. E. F. Taylor, First New Jersey Volunteers, medical director of the division. Entire satisfaction was given in the performance of this duty.

Captain C. A. Wells, Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, ordnance officer of the division, was active in the discharge of his duties.

Attention is called to the following-named enlisted men, mentioned by their brigade commanders: First Sergeant [William] Scott, Battery D, Second U. S. Artillery, who commanded a section of that battery during the operations, and showed himself a cool able, and gallant officer; Corporal [Charles G.] Fenton, Company B, Twenty-third New

