
ordered out two companies of the Third Regiment as skirmishers, finding that he detachment of the Second was not sufficient to cover my front and flanks. When we arrived at this point, we found the enemy in strong position, and also that he had received re-enforcements. I here received orders to send in a regiment to clear some woods on my right flank, and, as the advance seemed to be checked, I went with the Third Regiment, commanded by Major Stickney, which I ordered on this duty. I was accompanied by Captain H. P. Cook, assistant inspector-general of the brigade, Lieutenant Abeel, aide-de-camp, and Adjutant Fairly, of the Third regiment, whom I had attached to my staff as acting aide.

The regiment advanced gallantly, but was met by an overwhelming fire form the enemy, concealed in some trenches and behind a fence, to which it replied with vigor. The Fifteenth Regiment had now come up, and I directed it to advance to the support of the Third Regiment. It came into its position in beautiful order, and I cannot speak too highly of the manner in which this regiment was fought by its gallant commander, Colonel Penrose. He relieved the third, almost worn out by its long march and fight, and held the enemy in check, who, having had fresh troops come up, were preparing to attack both in front and on our right flank. After a few minutes' rest, and having reformed his regiment, slightly disordered by the marsh through the thick wood and undergrowth, in line of battle, Major Stickney gallantly led it (the Third) in again to the support of the Fifteenth, and so we held them until about 6.30 p. m., when, having been severely wounded, I was carried to the rear.

The First Regiment, under Colonel Collet, moved forward into the woods on the left of the Third, a few minutes after its advance, and was nobly fought by its commanding officer, whose death, at the head of his command, I have to deplore. The Twenty-third advanced on the left of the road about the same time with the first, under Colonel Grubb, and, although a nine-months' regiment, its heavy loss shows how obstinately it was fought by its brave young commander. I cannot distinguish between my officers without injustice, yet my thanks are eminently due to the commanding officers of regiments, Colonels Collet, Buck, Penrose, and Grubb, and Major Stickney, for their coolness and intrepidity, as also the judgement with which they fought their respective commands. Of the members of the staff, including Lieutenant [David] Fairly, of the Third Regiment, I can only say that they fully sustained their reputations won on other fields, and I am glad to say that they have all escaped uninjured, excepting Captain H. P. Cook, who was wounded severely in the neck.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BROWN,

Colonel Third New Jersey Volunteers Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. K. PARSONS,

A. A. G., First Division.

Numbers 210. Reports of Colonel William H. Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 11, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular order from headquarters First Brigade, just received, I have the honor to submit the following report:

My command broke camp at White Oak Church, Va., on the afternoon

