
of Tuesday, April 28, and marched to the bank of the Rappahannock, near Franklin's crossing, where it bivouacked until toward morning, when it was moved to the river, and crossed in boats just before day-light on the morning of the 29th, taking up a position immediately on the left bank.

Remained there until the morning of May 3, instant, a part of which time was employed in doing outpost duty immediately in face of the enemy.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, I was ordered to the front at about daybreak, and was assigned a position in support of a battery on the extreme left, which was hotly engaging the enemy. Remained upon this duty, taking up various positions, and being part of the time exposed to a severe scattering flank fire from the enemy's line of skirmishers, until the enemy was driven from his position on the heights above Fredericksburg, and the line on the left was ordered to retire toward that place, when I was left in the rear us a support to our retiring skirmishers, by order of the general commanding the division. Everything was brought from the field without difficulty, as the enemy did not follow up.

After procuring ambulances (to get which I was compelled to send to the city of Fredericksburg), and moving the wounded left upon the field during the rapid movements, I proceeded upon the line of march of the corps. Arriving some distance out of the city, on the Plank road, I learned that the enemy was making stout resistance in front, and that the First Brigade was about to engage him.

Marching as rapidly as practicable, I arrived at the front at about 5 p. m., and, without halting, was immediately ordered by the general commanding the corps to engage the enemy on the right of the road, in a thick wood, in which the enemy had taken a position and effectually resisted an attempt to dislodge him. My command advanced about 100 yards, through a dense, and in places impassable, undergrowth, to within about 30 yards of the enemy's position, where it engaged at least four of his regiments, with, as I am convinced, a terrible effect, but without driving him from his well-chosen position. Just at dark, my ammunition being entirely exhausted and the enemy's fire destructive, I retired in good order, the enemy showing no disposition to follow.

I have the satisfaction of saying for my command that not a man left the line of battle except the wounded, and when the rolls were called immediately upon arriving in the open field, every man was present or properly accounted for, except those who were killed, wounded, or missing in action, the latter being but five, and all probably killed or wounded. My wounded were all bought off during or after the action, except possibly the five mentioned above, not found on account of the dense undergrowth of bushes.

Sunday night, my command bivouacked upon the battle-field.

During the engagement of Monday, was assigned to various positions, a part of the time in support of batteries. When at night the artillery was ordered toward the river, I was ordered to follow the artillery.

Recrossed the river just, before daylight in the morning, and went into camp on the right bank.

On Friday, the 8th instant, marched to my present place of encampment.

I would respectfully call attention to the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell. He was to be seen in the thicket of the fight, and repeatedly he went the front alone, trying to get not only his own men but those of other regiments to follow.

