
movement, Colonel S. L. Buck met with an accident which unfitted him for duty. The command was again turned over to Colonel Penrose. After crossing the river, moved down about 2 miles, where we went into camp. Remained there until the morning of the 7th instant, when we changed camp. Remained there until the morning of he 8th instant, when when we took up line of march for our present camp, arriving about 2.30 p. m.

Not being in command of the brigade during the action, I am unable to particularize in regard to regiments or officers, and I respectfully submit the inclosed regimental reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. PENROSE,

Colonel Fifteenth New Jersey Vols., Commanding Brigade.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Div., Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 211. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Henry, jr., First New Jersey Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, May 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th ultimo orders were received by Colonel Collet, then commanding this regiment, to hold his command in readiness to move at 3 p. m. with the brigade. About 2 p. m. an order was received detailing the regiment to support two batteries of the Reserve Artillery, which were to be stationed near the Gray farm, about 3, miles below White Oak Church, on the river. The regiment accordingly proceeded with the batteries until ordered by General Brooks, the division commander, to rejoin the brigade, which it did about 23 a. m. the day following, the division being then near the river, below Falmouth, and about to cross. The crossing was accomplished at day-light, and the regiment remained on the south bank of the river until sunset, when it was ordered to the front with the brigade to occupy the picket line, relieving Russell's brigade. Remaining on picket until the following evening, we were relieved by Bartlett's brigade, and fell back to the second line.

We occupied this position until Saturday, May 2, when, the line of pickets having been ordered to advance, the regiment was thrown out on the extreme right of the line, and engaged the enemy's skirmishers, driving them back, being relieved after dark by the Thirty-third New York Regiment, and returning then to its former position.

On Sunday, the 3rd instant, the regiment was under arms at 2 a. m., and soon after sunrise, the brigade having been ordered to the front, we advanced some distance across the plain, taking up a position on the side of the old Richmond road, on the left of the heights, and in rear of our batteries, where we remained under fire of the enemy's artillery until about noon.

The heights above Fredericksburg having been carried, we now proceeded through the city, and, passing over the heights, advanced along the Plank road in the direction of Chancellorsville. The regiment was at this time in the advance of the brigade. Having advanced some 3 miles beyond Fredericksburg, the regiment was formed in line of battle on the right of the road, the Second regiment having been deployed as skirmishers in our front; the Third Regiment formed on our right, both being under command of Colonel Collet. Advancing in rear of the

