
skirmishers, the enemy opened upon us with artillery, being replied to by the batteries in our rear. The regiment advanced, under fire from the enemy's skirmishers, until arriving near Salem Church, when our skirmishers retired. We advanced at a double-quick; then the action became general, and we attacked the enemy, who was strongly posted behind brush, fence, and entrenchments in a wood on the right and left of the road, from which position a destructive musketry fire was kept up on us. After server fighting, we were relieved and fell back, having lost 105 in killed, wounded, and missing, besides the loss of our colonel, M. W. Collet, who was killed while the regiment was retiring.

The following day, the regiment remained in support of Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, until evening, when we were ordered to fall back and follow the road leading to Banks' Ford, where we crossed the river. The regiment returned to its old camp at While Oak Church on the 8th instant with the brigade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HENRY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN T. WHITEHEAD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 212. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Wiebecke, Second New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 10, 1863.

SIR: The movements of this regiment since breaking camp April 28 are as follows:

Broke camp at 2 p. m. on Tuesday, the 28th instant; marched about 3 miles in the direction of the Rappahannock River, and about 1 mile from Fredericksburg, when the regiment halted and bivouacked for the night.

Wednesday, 29th.-Struck tents about 1 a. m., and lay on our arms until morning. At 6 o'clock we advanced to and crossed the river in pontoon boats; formed line of battle on the river bank. Remained in the same position until evening, when the regiment went on picket, relieving the One Hundred and nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Thursday, 30th.-Remained don picket until sundown, when the regiment was relieved by the Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers. We marched to the rifle-pits in our rear, and bivouacked for the night.

Friday, May 1.-All day and night in the rifle-pits.

Saturday, 2nd.-Still in the rifle-pits.

Sunday, 3rd.-Regiment under arms at 3 a. m. About 8 a. m. the regiment was ordered to the front, and formed on the left of the First New Jersey Volunteers, where we were under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, but met with no casualties. About 12 m. six companies of the regiment were ordered to the right, the other four companies remaining as pickets, under command of Major Close. The six companies marched, by the way of Fredericksburg, out on the Gordonsville road, where the y deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road, where they deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road. Advanced about 2 miles, gallantly driving the enemy's skirmishers before them and making several charges; discovered and marched to within 50 paces of the enemy's line of battle, when they took and active part in the engagement, the being in front of our lines of battle, and

