
picked off a number of the enemy's officers. While the battle was raging, the other four companies of the regiment, under Major Close, arrived from the left in time to take an active part in the engagement, and I mention with pride that they behaved with the greatest bravery, checkering the pursuit of the enemy when the other regiments were compelled to retreat.

As regards the pursuit of the enemy when the other regiment were compelled to retreat.

As regards the conduct of officers and men, I would state that it was all that could be desired. Where all exhibited such determination and gallantry, it would be invidious to particularize; but Private Richard M. Blake, of Company C, deserves special mention for his gallant and noble conduct in the engagement, and richly deserves to be rewarded.

In the evening, the regiment formed on the left of the road, being in excellent condition, and ready for another engagement.

The following is a list of casualties during the day:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers	--	 5	 -- 	 5

Enlisted men	 3	 31	 17	 51

Total	 3	 36	 17	 56

Monday, 4th.-Remained in the same position until 5 p. m., when we were ordered to the left of the Fifteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, where we remained until 7 p. m., when we fell back toward the Rappahannock River. Marched to within three fourths of a mile of Banks' Ford, when the regiment was ordered to the front as a reserve to the pickets. Lieutenant Whitehead, of Company I, and acting assistant adjutant-general First Brigade, received a slight wound in the wrist.

Tuesday, 5th.-The regiment was with drawn about 2 a. m., and crossed the river at Banks' Ford; marched about 1 mile, and bivouacked in the woods.

Wednesday, 6th.-Still in the same place.

Thursday, 7th.-About 3 p. m. changed camp and moved about 1 mile.

Friday, 8th.-Ordered to march at 7 a. m. Started at 8 o'clock, and marched back to our old camp near White Oak Church; found it occupied artillery. Ordered to occupy the old camp ground of the Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, arriving about 5 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. WIEBECKE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Captain JOHN T. WHITEHEAD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 213. Report of Major James W. H. Stickeney, Third New Jersey Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of my command since breaking camp near White Oak Curch, Va., April 28.

Broke up camp near White Oak Church, Stafford County, Va., April

37 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

