
My regiment was deployed on the front at sunrise on the 29th, relieving the One hundred and twenty-first New York.

On Thursday the regiment was relieved.

Nothing special occurred on Friday or Saturday.

On Sunday (May 3) was again ordered to the front, and had 1 officer and 2 men wounded from shells.

About noon was ordered to follow the brigade, and marched through Fredericksburg and about 3 miles out on the Plank road, when I was again ordered to the front to support the Second New Jersey Volunteers, skirmishing. As soon as my regiment emerged from the woods, I was opened upon by a battery posted in the road, the second shot from which wounded an officer and killed a man. Under the immediate orders of General Brooks, I advanced, keeping but a few places in rear of the skirmishers, and came upon the enemy, posted in thick woods and in a brick church. The nature of the ground was such that my line was somewhat broken up on entering the woods. Nevertheless my men engaged the enemy with great spirit.

Together with Colonel Upton, of the One hundred and twenty-first New York, immediately upon my left, I made several efforts to derive the enemy from their position in and around the church, but (such was the severity of their fire) without success, and several regiments upon my left giving way, I was compelled to fall back. Upon emerging from the woods, the fire was exceedingly deadly,and some confusion ensued, but I succeeded in reforming in rear of a battery some 500 yards from the woods.

My regiment was not actively engaged again, and the next evening recrossed the river at Banks' Ford.

My officers all behaved nobly, but I desire to mention as conspicuous for their coolness and gallantry Major W. J. Parmentier and Adjutant Dawns; also First Lieutenant F. L. Taylor, Commanding Company H, who exhibited the most brilliant courage, leading his men several times to the front under a most galling fire. Corporal Fenton, Company B, who, in the absence of the color-sergeant, bore the national colors, also acted with the utmost coolness and courage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BURD GRUBB,

Colonel Twenty-third New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. T. WHITEHEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 215. Report of Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS, May 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the campaign commenced on April 28 and ended on the morning of May 5:

At 3 p. m. on April 28, in accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General Brooks, commanding division, I broke camp and marched to the rear of the hills overlooking the Rappahannock River, opposite the place know as General Franklin's crossing, and bivouacked until

