
York Volunteers, in the battle of Salem Heights led his regiment into action in a masterly and fearless manner, and maintained the unequal contest to the last with unflinching nerve and marked ability, and his regiment, although it was their first battle, have won for themselves the proud title of soldiers.

Colonel Clark S. Edwards, commanding Fifth Maine Volunteers, also distinguished himself for his cool bravery and cheerful obedience of all orders and for fighting his men with skill and judgment.

Major W. H. Lessing, commanding Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, exhibited his fine ability to command. His true fighting qualities are unsurpassed. His bravery, so often proved, was once more the incentive to noble action on the part of his regiment, and his promotion to a colonelcy would be the least reward he merits.

I have purposely reserved until the last all mention of the colonels commanding the Sixteenth and Twenty-seventh New York Regiments. The terms of service of these regiments had nearly expired before the campaign commenced; yet, true to the instincts of the soldier, both officers and men have elicited the warmest admiration for their gallant conduct throughout.

Colonel Adams, by his good judgment and admirable disposition on the skirmish line on Monday, contributed greatly to the successful repulse of the enemy's attack, and exhibited on this as on many former occasions his coolness and bravery.

Colonel Seaver, in the attack on Salem Heights, left his regiment with enthusiastic bravery, and forced back the enemy on his whole front until he gained the crest. His loss of 146 officers and men is a roll of glory to be appended to the muster-out roll.

The Twenty-seventh also has its glory roll. That it does not equal in numbers that of the Sixteenth is only owing to the fact that it was doing duty which kept it out of the attack on Salem Heights. The Sixteenth and Twenty-Seventh Regiments retire from my command and from the service of the United States after two years' active service, having participated in the first battle of the Army of the Potomac and in its last with honor. They deserve well of their country and will be received with honor by their friends.

On the balance of the officers in my command, I have only to say that they were everything in battle that could be asked of a soldier, and did it not occupy so much space I would gladly mention them in this report for their individual gallantry.

During the campaign, I received the most efficient aid from my assistant adjutant-general, Captain R. P. Wilson, Captain H. Seymour Hall, assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenants and Aides-de Camp [M. Edgar] Richards and [Lewis C.] Bartlett. They were brave and energetic and untiring in their endeavors to promote the efficiency of my command.

The wounded officers and men have my heartfelt sympathy, and the friends of the noble dead my condolence.

My loss in the operations covered by this report is, officers and men, 610, as shown by the annexed list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. K. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 189.

---------------

