
engaged heavily with the enemy at close range, the enemy advancing. I held the position until the regiment on my right fell back, leaving both flanks of my regiment exposed.

At this time I received orders to fall back, and, firing a volley, retired, skirmishing, to the nearest house,exposed to a sharp fire from the enemy while crossing the field. At the house my command rallied and retired in good order.

It this last engagement my loss was 6 officers and 69 men in killed, wounded, and missing.*

During Monday (4th instant), my command supported the First Massachusetts Battery until late in the day, and then went to thee support of the First New Jersey Battery. Monday night my command was thrown out as skirmishers to cover the retreat of the troops, and was one of the last regiments to cross the river.

Throughout all the engagements the officers and men under my command behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Second Brigade.

Numbers 217. Report of Colonel Joel J. Seaver, Sixteenth New York Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements and actions of this regiment from April 28 to May 8, inclusive.

On April 28, left its camp near White Oak Church, Va., and moved with the brigade to a point near the Rappahannock River, a little below and opposite Deep Run, where it halted until 12 o'clock at night, at which time it resumed the march and proceeded to the river, where it was intended that we should cross. The Third Brigade of the First Division, under General Russell, having the lead, first crossed in the pontoon boats, and as the advance gained the opposite shore the enemy opened upon them with musketry from their rifle-pits and breastworks. This fire was replied to by the Sixteenth Regiment, acting under the immediate order of General Bartlett. The fire of the enemy soon ceased, and the regiment was moved to the river bank, to follow General Russell's brigade in the boats. Our crossing was splendidly effected, without loss, and the regiment was formed in line of battle immediately begin that of the third Brigade, and advanced to the top of the river bank and halted, with our right resting on Deep Run. Two companies were thrown out along the run and one company sent to occupy a small redoubt on a commanding point on the opposite side of the run.

We remained in this position until the evening of the 30th, when we relieve the First New Jersey Volunteers on picket at the front.

On the evening of May 1, we were relieved by the Sixth Regiment Maine Volunteers (Light Division), and fell back to the river bank under the bluffs.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

