
the night recrossed the river at Banks' Ford, in the vicinity of which it remained until Friday, the 8th instant, when we returned to our old camp near White Oak Church.

All of the dead and a number of the wounded were left on the field, and fell into the hands of the enemy.

Captain Wood, who is among the missing, was in poor health, and was nearly exhausted before we entered the wood. He behaved gallantly, and when last seen by me was endeavoring to rally his men after we had fallen back. I hope yet to learn of this safety.

Lieutenant Hesselgrave was wounded and left on the field. There are small hopes that he has survived. The remaining wounded officers were brought off.

In this connection I desire to mention Lieutenant-Colonel palmer and Major Gilmore, who particularly distinguished themselves by their coolness and bravery and in their efforts to rally the men after falling back. Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer, though wounded, did not leave the field until order was restored among the men.

Herewith I forward lists of the casualties occurring during the period of ten days covered by this report.*

I am, respectfully,

J. J. SEAVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 218. Report of Colonel Alexander D. Adams, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers in the recent movement against the enemy:

The regiment left camp at 3 p. m. April 28, and marched to the vicinity of the crossing near Deep Run, where it bivouacked until 2 a. m. of the 29th, when it moved to the bank of the Rappahannock. The Third Brigade having effected a crossing, the Sixteenth and Twenty seventh New York Volunteers took their placed in the boats and followed without any delay, forming their line about daylight on the south bank of the river. During this day and the following the regiment formed part of the second line, and was placed behind the rifle-pits.

At 5 p. m. of the 30th, it moved to the front line, and relieved the picket of the Second New Jersey Volunteers, and remained on outpost duty until 7 p. m. of May 1.

Early on the 2nd, the regiment was drawn up under the bank of the river, near the Bernard house, in the third line, which position it occupied all day.

On Sunday morning, May 3, the Twenty-seventh moved on the right of the brigade to Deep Run, where, the enemy having been discovered in front, the brigade was halted, and this regiment was ordered forward

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 189.

---------------

