
on the right of the run toward the railroad as a support to the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had driven the enemy's skirmishers from that position. The skirmish line having been soon after withdrawn, one company was deployed to cover the front of the regiment and prevent the enemy front reoccupying the railroad, and the remainder were placed as much as possible under cover in the position assigned by General Bartlett, commanding brigade. Here the regiment remained, experiencing considerable annoyance from the enemy's sharpshooters, until about 1 p. m., when the troops were withdrawn from the left toward Fredericksburg, and the Twenty-seventh was ordered to act as rear guard and cover the movement, and rejoin the brigade on reaching the city. This was accomplished without molestation from the enemy.

As soon as all the forces of the Sixth Corps had passed though the city, the skirmishers were drawn in, and the regiment moved out on the Plank road toward the west, in which direction it was understood the division and brigade had gone, arriving near the battle field of Salem Church some time after the engagement had commenced. The march was a little delayed by the movement of the Second and Third Divisions, and while moving in search of the brigade, the Twenty-seventh was assembling on it the other regiments of the brigade which had retired.

Here the regiment remained until the morning of the 4th, when it was deployed as skirmishers to cover the front of General Brooks' division line, two companies being held in reserve. The duty was well performed, and the steady and judicious firing of the line as the enemy advanced late in the afternoon undoubtedly had great effect in preventing and warding off the intended attack at that point. The line was maintained until after dark and until the troops were well on the way to Banks' Ford, when, by a very rapid and exhausting march, the Twenty-seventh rejoined the column. Immediately after leaving the skirmish line, the enemy were heard following at the distance of half a mile, with much noise. Taking the position assigned it behind the rifle-pits on the heights at the ford, the regiment rested until after midnight, when the brigade recrossed the river ad encamped at daylight of the 5th about 2 miles below the ford, in the woods.

On the morning of the 8th, the regiment returned to its winter encampment.

The conduct of this command during these ten days had been particularly good. The willing and cheerful performance of all duties, and the prompt and ready obedience of orders, have afforded gratifying evidence of the soldierly qualities of the men. It is with pleasure and pride that the colonel commanding reports that they have maintained and added to whatever credit may have hitherto attached to them.

The casualties, a list of which is appended, * occurred on the morning of the 3rd and the afternoon of the 4th. The missing are believed to be those who were exhausted by the fatigue of the 4th and the severe march which followed the action of that day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER D. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 189.

---------------

