
severe loss inflicted, it came out of the action without any demoralization, and is again ready for any service that may be imposed upon it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMORY UPTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Captain Arnold and Lieutenant Upton were severely wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy. Captain Arnold has since died; he was a most gallant and accomplished officer.

Numbers 220. Report of Major William H. Lessig, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 96TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part which this regiment took in the recent engagement of May 3:

About 6.30 o'clock in the morning, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Bartlett to take possession of the railroad, which I accordingly did, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, and, after holding it for one hour, I was ordered to retire, which I did without loss in doing so. Our loss in taking the railroad and holding it was 1 officer wounded, 5 enlisted men killed, and 17 enlisted men wounded.

The part which the regiment took in the engagement of Salem Church in the afternoon was as follows:

At 5 o'clock I was ordered to push though the woods on the left of the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers. As we entered the woods we came on our skirmishers, who fell back to our rear. I soon discovered the enemy's line within 100 yards, and opened a heavy fire on it, and kept pressing on until near the edge of the woods, when the line of the right broke and fell back, causing our whole line to retire in disorder. The men were entirely though out and without spirit, having been nearly sixteen hours under arms, the grater portion under a burning sun.

The officers and men behaved well, with some few exceptions.

Actg. Adjt. John T. Annum and Sergt. Major E. J. Phillips afforded me valuable assistance, and behaved with great gallantry.

I am sorry to say that the conduct of Second Lieutenant Thomas H. Reed (Company E) was cowardly and disgraceful, and I therefore recommend that he be dishonorably discharged the service of the United States. The following is a list of casualties:*

Officer and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Commissioned officers	 1	 2	 --	 3

Enlisted men	 15	 50	 11	 76

Total	 16 	 52	 11	 79

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. H. LESSIG,

Major, Commanding.

Captain R. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

