
Thomas D. G. Chapman was killed; First Lieutenant David Hailer received a wound, of which he died while being carried to the rear.

The One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel P. C. Ellmaker commanding, was also engaged at the same time and place, and likewise suffered severely. Captain Peter W. Rodgers was killed; Captain A. T. Goodman was wounded slightly; Captain C. P. Warner was severely wounded in the hip, and Lieutenant John M. Cook was dangerously wounded in the leg.

The following is the recapitulation of the casualties in this brigade in the aforementioned encounters with the enemy:*

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded. 	Missing.	Total.

Officers	 6	 13	 --	 19

Enlisted men	 30 	 178 	 176	 384

Total	 36	 191	 176	 403

Respectfully,

D. A. RUSSELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

A. H. PARSONS,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Div., 6th Army Corps.

Numbers 222. Report of Captain William H. McCartney, Battery A. Massachusetts Light Artillery, Artillery Battalion, First Division.

CAMP, BATTERY A, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the operations of this battery on the 3rd and 4th days of May current:

On the morning of the 3rd, the battery was ordered into position on the left of the Bowling Green road, and directly in front of the Bernard house. Soon after reaching that position, the two left guns were engaged in driving back small bodies of the enemy's infantry, who were evidently trying to from for attack on the left of this battery, while the four right guns were engaged with four brass guns saturated in an earthwork about 1,300 yards in front of the battery. Toward this earthwork was directed the fire of Captain Rigby's Maryland battery, two guns of Battery A, New Jersey Artillery, and the four right guns of this battery. Between them all the enemy's four guns were silenced, one of them at least having been dismounted by a solid shot thrown from the right gun of this battery. The enemy replaced his brass guns with two 20-pounders and one 10 pounder Parrott into the earthwork from the rear. Subsequently he undertook to get four other rifled guns into the same work by the front, but through the combined efforts of the batteries above named he was unable to get in more than one. After we had been in this position about two hours, the enemy, having strengthened his picket on the left of this battery, caused them to advance on it, supported by a regiment of infantry. The nature of the ground was such that they were not seen until within 100 yards. The battery then opened on them with canister, with marked effect, the two left guns

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 189.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

