
using it at not more than 75 yards. They fell back into the Bowling Green road, badly used up, and the battery, having expended all its ammunition but the canister in the center and rear boxes of the caissons, which were then absent for other ammunition, tell back to its position in front of the rifle-pits, near the pontoon bridge. this battery fired in this position 299 rounds of solid shot and 253 rounds of case shot, 85 shell used as solid shot, and 48 rounds of canister. The battery lost in this position 1 man killed, 1 wounded, and 4 horses killed.

In the afternoon, this battery moved through Fredericksburg, over the heights, and up the Plank read, near Salem Church, and was not engaged again during the day. Early in the morning of the 4th, this battery was put into position about 200 yards on the left of the Plank road and toll gate, near a large white house. Soon after reaching this position, the enemy opened on the left section, which was removed somewhat from the rest of the battery, with 20 pounder Parrots, at more than 2,000 yards distance. He succeeded in throwing 15 shells, which lodged inside of the at section, but as the limber had been removed to the right, and as none of this shells burst, they did no harm. At about 1,000 yards in front of this battery, and directly toward it. The battery opened on them whit solid shot, forming by battery, which caused them to recoil in great confusion. They were rallied twice, but were again broken. The enemy then brought up two brass pieces to the front and left of the battery, but were utterly unable to get them into position. The men were driven from the guns by case shot thrown from this battery, and they did not fire a shot. Subsequently the enemy came from the woods in small squads, for the purpose of forming and charging on the battery, as I am informed, but the battery threw case shot at them, and,instead of charging, they dispersed.

I beg leave to say in this connection that the case shot worked admirably, but 1 round exploding prematurely out of 142 rounds thrown. I was then ordered to withdraw the battery by section, which was executed, the last section moving off at about dusk.

This battery fired in this position 24 rounds of solid shot and 142 rounds of case shot. The battery lost in this position 2 houses killed.

I beg leave to add that the officers and men of this command conducted themselves at all times as became soldiers, and that from the time the battery broke camp near the present camp until it returned, not one man of the battery was at any time absent from this post.

I transmit herewith a list of men, horses, and other property lost in the action and movements attending it.*

I am, sir, with much respect,

W. H. McCARTNEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Major J. A. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 223. Report of Lieutenant Augustus N. Parsons, Battery A, New Jersey Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the morning of the 3rd instant, received an order from you to

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

---------------

