
place the battery in position and within range of the enemy's batteries which were posted upon the side of the hill below the town of Fredericksburg, which order I immediately executed, and opened fire upon the enemy, using percussion and time shell at 5 and 6 degrees' elevation and seven to eight seconds fuse, with what effect it is impossible for me to say, but I believe the shots from the battery injured the enemy considerably. The battery fired about 300 rounds, when, near 11 a. m., I received orders to limber up and follow Captain McCartney, halting about 1 mile back from the town of Fredericksburg, where I again received orders to move forward, following Captain Rigby. After moving along the road for about one-third of a mile, the head of the column was fired upon by the enemy from a battery placed in the road, near the toll gate. I immediately turned into the field to the right of the road, for the purpose of placing the battery in position, but in the meantime Captain Rigby was placing his battery in position in the same field, so that I could only get three guns in position to bear upon the enemy's battery. I fired about 50 rounds, 20 of which were percussion shell, the other time shell and case shot, with three to four seconds fuse.

I then received orders from General Brooks to move forward along the road, with the advance of the infantry, when, after moving forward about half of a mile, the enemy again opened fire from a battery placed in and near the road, to the left of a large barn. I immediately opened fire upon the enemy with my right section, and had the other four guns brought up as quickly as possible. I fired about 50 rounds of shell, the enemy firing about 20 rounds, when they limbered up and left. Later in the day, when our infantry were repulsed and falling back, I opened fire over heads of our own men with percussion shell, but as soon as the enemy were out of the woods and I could fire without endangering our own men, I used shell and case shot at short range. The firing was very rapid, and during that part of the action I fired about 600 rounds, from point-blank to 5 degrees' elevation and one and a halt to six seconds fuse. I remained in position until 10 p. m., when I was relieved by another battery.

On the 4th instant, about 4 p. m., I was ordered by General Brooks to report to General Bartlett, which I did, and was ordered to go into battery near a ravine which was occupied by the enemy's infantry, which were then firing upon our pickets. I immediately opened fire upon them with shell and case shot at very short range, and with good effect, which checked the enemy, and caused them to fall back. At that point, I fired about 400 rounds from four guns, the other two having been ordered to go to the assistance of General Russell's brigade, when I received orders from General Bartlett to retire to the river. During the action of the 3rd and 4th, this battery fired between 1,400 and 1,500 rounds. It is impossible for me to give the exact number of rounds, for the number and kinds of projectiles, part of the ammunition having been drawn during the action and packed by the divers of the caissons, the different kinds not being properly assorted through the ammunition chests.

The battery lost none killed; 1 man was wounded, shot through the leg; lost 2 horses. With one or two exceptions, the men behaved well.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. N. PARSONS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Major J. A. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery Brigade.

