
Plank road. We remained in this position, inactive, until about 4 p. m., at which time the rebels attacked us with an overwhelming force, and compelled our troops to retire. I poured shell into them until they came close enough for shrapnel, when I poured that into them. They advanced firmly and steadily, and when they had arrived about 200 yards from the battery, the Twentieth New York regiment (which was directly in front of me) broke and ran into the battery. They frightened my horses, and created so much confusion that I could do nothing. The rebels were still advancing, and,when they were about 80 yards from me, I gave the order to limber to the rear. This was done with considerable difficulty, owing to the confusion created by the broken regiment, which was still hovering around the battery. The horses attached to one of my limbers became unmanageable and ran away, leaving the piece on the field. As soon as I perceived this, I drew my saber, and, by hard blows, forced the infantry to assist in drawing the piece from the field, which was done by attaching a prolonged. They drew it about 200 yards, where I found the limber. The rebels were driven back by the Third Vermont Regiment. I immediately joined the rest of my battery, and moved to the left of the line, where I met Colonel Thompkins, who placed me in position, where I remained until dark, when I was ordered by General Howe to proceed to the river and report to General Brooks. I found General Brooks; he placed me in position, where I remained until about midnight, when I was ordered to cross the river.

In the last engagement I fired 82 Schenkl percussion shell, 93 Schenkl combination shrapnel, and had 1 man wounded and 2 horses crippled. You will perceive that I have fired 985 projectiles, had 1 sergeant and 2 privates wounded, 1 horse killed and 4 wounded.

I am happy to say that my gunners have proved themselves excellent marksmen, my men have behaved exceedingly well, my officers performed their duties with gallantry, and I am pound to say are an honor to the State which calls them her sons.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. RIGBY,

Captain Battery A, Maryland Artillery.

Major J. A. TOMPKINS,

Chief of Artillery, First Division, Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 225. Report of Lieutenant Edward B. Williston, Battery D, Second U. S. Artillery.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the park taken by this battery in the action on the south side of the Rappahannock between the 29th day of April and the 6th day of May, 1863:

At 1 p. m. on the 28th of April, I was detached from the First Division, Sixth Corps, and ordered to report to Colonel Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, chief of corps artillery, at Sands' house. I moved the battery to the place designated as soon as possible, and reported, as ordered, at 6 p. m. of same day. I was ordered to hold my battery in readiness to protect, with Seeley's battery of the Fourth U. S. Artillery, the bridge builders at pollock's house.

On the morning of the 29th, the rifle-pits on the opposite side of the river having been occupied by our infantry, I moved my guns over and

