
put them in position within the principal work. By order of General Brooks, commanding First Division, Sixth Corps, I took every precaution against any right attack. The battery remained in this work until daylight on the morning of Sunday, May 3, when I was ordered to report to General Russell, at the Bernard house, by Major Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, commanding division artillery. The battery was moved forward, and halted under the protection of of a slight rise of ground. During the time it remained in this position, it was subjected to a severe artillery fire from a 20-pounder rifle battery, which result in the death of 1 of my men, who was almost instantaneously killed by one of the enemy's shot.

At 10 a. m. I was ordered to move toward Fredericksburg. Soon after arriving in the city, the battery moved forward on the Chancellorsville road. When near Salem Churh, the enemy being in great force, Major Tompkins ordered forward a section from my battery at a gallop, to take position at the toll-gate. On arriving on the ground designated, I found that the enemy in heavy force were slowly driving back our infantry in a large open field on the right of the road. By holding the fire from the section for a few moments, I was enabled to fire into the extreme right flank of the enemy, his front being in prolongation of our line of sight. The first shot fired was spherical case, with one and three fourths [seconds] of time, which burst splendidly, causing the enemy to waver. Finding the time and elevation to be right, I fired 16 rounds of case as rapidly as possible. The effect of this fire proved so disastrous to the rebels that they retreated in great confusion, and crossed the road to the left-hand side. During the time they were crossing, 13 round shot were fired down the road, which was perfectly straight for a long distance, and very hard, being peculiarly suited for ricochet firing. The enemy railhead on the left side of the road, but were dislodged by several round shot and shell. During this action, the enemy carried a large red battle-flag, crossed with white, which was knocked down twice by shots from by section. The firing ceased for some ten minutes, when the enemy, appearing suddenly in the road, in what appeared great force, and with the evident intention of charging the section, I fired canister at them with great rapidity for several minutes, the effect of which was of such a character as to cause them to fall back under cover. The enemy at this time could not have been more than 300 yards distant.

Soon after dark, I was relieved by Butler's battery (G, Second U. S. Artillery), and moved to the rear. During the time that this section was engaged at the toll-gate, the other four guns, commanded by Second Lieutenant C. N. Warner, of the battery, moved to the left, and materially aided in the repulse of the enemy by Bartlett's brigade, of the First Division. Lieutenant Warner had 2 horses killed.

From the night of the 3rd, nothing occurred, so far as the battery was concerned, until it crossed the river at Banks' Ford, about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 5th.

At 10 a. m. I was again detached from the corps and ordered to proceed to Richards' Ford, on the river, above Hartwood Church, to prevent the enemy from crossing at that point.

On the 7th, received orders to rejoin my division, and arrived in camp, near While Oak Church, Va., about noon on the 8th instant.

I cannot too highly commend Lieutenant Warner, Second U. S. Artillery, and Sergeants [William] Scott and [Thomas] Wright,commanding sections, for the gallantry and coolness they manifested during the action. Sergeant [Samuel] Bollinger, acting chief of caissons, deserves credit for the manner in which he conducted himself.

