
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,February 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded as additional proof of the prowess, daring, and efficiency of Mosby (without commission) and his band of a dozen chosen spirits.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,February 11, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General as evidence of merit of Captain Mosby.

R. E. LEE,

General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERALS'S OFFICE,

February 16, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 2, 1863.-Reconnaissance of the Rappahannock fords, and skirmish at Rappahannock Station, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Army Corps.
HDQRS, ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Staffort Court-House, Va., February 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the reconnoitering parties which have been sent to fell the different fords on the Raeppahannock River returned late last evening, and report the following information about the enemy's position, and which was corroborated by a rebel prisoner made during the skirmish my cavalry had yesterday at the Raeppahannock Station:

At the United States Ford there is a brigade of cavalry under General Hampton, composed of four regiments, viz: Second South Carolina, Fourth and Seventh [Fifth] North Carolina, and another regiment. The average strength of each regiment is about 600 men. At the Rappahannock Station is Fitzhugh Lee's brigade of cavalry, of about the same strength, and composed of the Fourth, Seventh, and Thirteenth Virginia, and Third North Carolina.

The small reconnoitering party which left Allcock's early yesterday morning was directed to take the Marsh road, then the Warrenton road, and, when arrived at Morrisville post-office, to divide the force in two, and proceed by two different roads to Mount Holly Church, and there joining together, halt and push down some scouts to Kellysville Ford. Hogan, a good scout, went with another scout down to the river, crossed the small brigade, and when arrived at the river saw some rebels, fired at them, and dismounted some men. Them the main force came down to

