
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF N. VA.,

Numbers 9. March 20, 1863.

The major-general commanding approaches with reluctance the painful duty of announcing to the division its irreparable loss in the death of Major John Pelham commanding the Horse Artillery. He fell mortally wounded in the battle of Kellysville, March 17 with the battle-cry on his lips and the light of victory beaming from his eye. To you, his comrades, it is needless to dwell upon what you have so often witnessed, his prowess in action, already proverbial. You well know how, though young in years, a mere stripling in appearance, remarkable for his genuine modesty of deportment, he yet disclosed on the battle-field the conduct of a veteran, and displayed in his handsome person the most imperturbable coolness in danger. His eye had glanced over every battle-field of this army from the first Manassas to the moment of his death, and he was, with a single exception, a brilliant actor in all. The memory of "the gallant Pelham," his many manly virtues, his noble nature and purity of character, are enshrined as a sacred legacy in the hearts of all who knew him. His record has been bright and spotless, his career brilliant and successful. He fell the noblest of sacrifices on the altar of his country, to whose glorious service he had dedicated his life from the beginning of the war. In token of respect for his cherished memory, the Horse Artillery and division staff will wear the military badge of mourning for thirty days, and the senior officer of staff, Major [Heros] Von Borcke, will place his remains in the possession of his bereaved family, to whom is tendered in behalf of the division the assurance of heartfelt sympathy in this deep tribulation. In mourning his departure from his accustomed post of honor on the field, let us strive to imitate his virtues and trust that what is loss to us may be more than gain to him.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

R. CHANNING PRICE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, March 26, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department. I feel deeply the loss of the noble dead, and heartily concur in the commendation of the living.*

R. E. LEE,General.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, with orders.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an encounter on the 17th instant between my brigade and a division of enemy's cavalry, certainly not less than 3,000 mounted men, with a battery of artillery. My first intimation of their approach was in a telegram received at 11 a.m. on 16th, from headquarters Army of the Northern Virginia. At

---------------

*See Lee to Stuart, March 27, in "Correspondence, etc.," Part II.

---------------

