
Hazel Run, and then threw itself to the right and rear of the work. Grant's point of assault was on our right and front, while Seaver's was on our left.

The enemy kept up his artillery and infantry fire upon our columns, doing some execution, but wholly failing to check any one of them. Each of our columns gallantly dashed on and carried with the bayonet the first work, and then successively the three other works on the heights, taking two stand of colors, all of the armament of the works except one section of a field battery, some 200 prisoners, and all the enemy's camp equipage.

Much credit is due to Captain Martin, commanding the Regular battery, and Captain Cowan, commanding the New York battery, for the skill and efficiency with which they worked their batteries. The severe and well-directed fire which they poured upon the enemy's works very materially impaired the force of the enemy's fire upon our storming columns.

I desire especially to mention General Neill and Colonels Grant and Seaver for the gallant and intrepid manner in which they left the storming columns to the assault. Nothing has been more handsomely or successfully done.

My thanks are due to Major Mundee, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Edgerton, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant-Colonel Stone, division inspector; Lieutenant Hoag, division commissary; Lieutenant Cole, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Mattocks, commissary of musters, for the able assistance they gave me in preparing and executing the attack.

Soon after the attack was completed, I received orders to move my division on the Chancellorsville road and join the other divisions of the corps. I did so; and, after marching some 3 miles from Fredericksburg, the advance of the corps became engaged. I soon received orders to throw my division to the left to check a flank attack. I did so. No flank attack being made, and night coming on, I encamped my division in the road.

Early on the morning of the 4th, the enemy showed himself on my left and rear, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg road. I then threw back my left, resting it on the river, between Fredericksburg and Banks' Ford, my right resting on the Chancellorsville road and connecting with the division on my right. My line was now some 2 miles in length, with less than 6,000 men upon it.

About 11 a. m. the enemy in force attacked my right center. This attack was successfully repulsed by a portion of General Neill's brigade and Martin's battery, in which repulse three companies of the Forty-ninth New York and one of the Seventh Maine gallantly captured a stand of colors and between 100 and 200 prisoners.

About 1 p. m. I received reliable information that the enemy was assembling a force largely outnumbering my division immediately in rear of Fredericksburg for another attack. After the repulse which the enemy had met with in the morning, I expected if he made a second attack it would be mainly directed upon my left. I therefore carefully examined the ground, and made arrangements so that in case our left was unable to hold its position it could fall back some little distance behind the left of a small covering of woods which was immediately in rear of the center of my first line.

In this covering of woods I held a portion of my reserve force ready, in case the enemy should force my left, to make a flank attack, should he attempt to advance. My first line was held by General Neill's brigade, strengthened by two regiments of Colonel Grant's brigade.

