
fine style, gaining the top of the hill considerably to the left of the point first taken by the Second Vermont. When the Third Vermont gained the first crest, a rebel regiment in front opened a volley of musketry, which was promptly returned by Colonel Seaver. The Fourth Vermont arriving, The Third and Fourth Vermont were advanced to the next crest and the enemy retired, not, however, until after they turned a battery upon us for several minutes. The Fifth Vermont, Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, was retained by order of the general commanding division, to support a battery, and subsequently moved to the top of the hill and took a position on the front line. The firing soon ceased, and skirmishers were sent out far to the front. Having driven the enemy and gained the heights, the brigade was ordered back, and soon took up its march beyond Fredericksburg. I am happy to state that Lieutenant-Colonel Martindale, assisted by Major Morris, rallied a portion of the regiment, formed a line, and gallantly engaged the enemy.

I am happy to state that the conduct of the troops was generally very creditable. The Second Vermont covered itself with glory.

Great praise is due Colonel Walbridge and Major Tyler for their coolness and gallant daring on the occasion. All the officers and men did well.

After the Sixth Vermont gained the top of the lower range of hills, the officer in command on that side of the creek assumed command, and sent it forward on the skirmish line. Its movements did not fail under my personal observation, but I have satisfactory evidence that the officers and men conducted themselves most gallantly.

I beg leave to speak in high terms of praise of my personal staff. Captain A. Brown, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant C. H. Forbes, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. J. Bain and F. G. Butterfield, acting aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant Horace French, acting provost-marshal, rendered efficient aid and gallant services.

I desire also to bear testimony to the gallant manner in which Colonel Taylor and Lieutenant Colonel Connor came to our aid.

The loss of the brigade was 15 killed and 144 wounded, including 4 commissioned officers, and 3 missing; in all, 162. A list of casualties is forwarded.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 6TH ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit my report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle near Banks' Ford on the 4th instant.

After the storming of the heights of Fredericksburg, on the 3rd instant, the brigade marched out on the Plank road about 3 miles from Fredericksburg, arriving in the midst of a severe engagement in front. The brigade was immediately ordered to take position on the left, to repel amy flank attack from that direction. With skirmishers well in front, five regiments of the brigade were deployed in line, extending around to the left considerably beyond the brick house on the south side of the creek. The Second Vermont Regiment was held in reserve. In this position the brigade remained during the night.

