
the position just occupied by the Second Vermont, thus leaving the Sixth Vermont and the battery on the right. The efforts of Lieutenant-Colonel Martindale at this juncture were not entirely successful; the left of the regiment broke and came back in some confusion. The enemy gained the skirt of woods, and in great force bore directly toward the Second Vermont, when that regiment rose, and poured a well directed fire into the enemy's front, and continued it will remarkable rapidity. This regiment was supplied with the new water-proof cartridges, and the firing was so rapid as to resemble a continuation of volleys. The Twenty-sixth New Jersey passed away from the front, so that the Third Vermont opened, and, with the Second Vermont, poured its terrible fire full upon the already confused masses of the enemy. The enemy were here checked, broken, and held at bay. Still farther to the left, as the enemy advanced, the Fourth Vermont became engaged. As the enemy approached obliquely, the Fourth Vermont would have been exposed to a cross-fire; but Colonel Stoughton, with great coolness, threw back his right wing, presenting a bold front, and opened a murderous fire. The enemy still pressed forward, gaining the ravine in front of the Fourth Vermont, and at the same time a force farther to the left threatened to turn our left and cut us off from the river. Colonel Stoughton now changed front forward to his original position and poured in fresh volleys, holding the enemy in check.

In the meantime the Fifth Vermont had arrived from the right, and been posted behind a crest to support the Second and Third Vermont; but, perceiving that Colonels Walbridge and Seaver were able to hold their own, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis to take the Fifth Vermont farther to the left, and to a position completely commanding the ravine and crest to the left, should the enemy succeed in flanking the Fourth Vermont.

At the time the enemy had a large force in front of our entire line, attempting with desperate vigor to force or turn it; but the Vermont regiments remained firm and unbroken, closely hugging the crest and literally presenting a wall of fire. Baffled in his efforts to break our line, and perceiving that the battery on our right had changed its position, the enemy rallied, and made an attempt to turn our right, but the Sixth Vermont was there. The enemy rushed desperately forward, and nearly gained the crest immediately in front of the Sixth Vermont, when that regiment suddenly rose and gave him a terrible volley, and immediately charged upon him down the slope through the ravine and on to the crest which had been previously held by the Third Brigade.

In the meantime Lieutenant-Colonel Martindale, with great gallantry and perseverance, rallied the Twenty-sixth Jew Jersey, and then charged down on the right of the Sixth Vermont. The enemy was utterly routed. The masses (there seemed to be no distinction of the enemy's lines at this time) gave way in great confusion, and many of them were taken prisoners. The ground in front of the Second and Third Vermont, and the ravine through which the Sixth Vermont and Twenty-sixth New Jersey charged, were literally covered with the rebel dead and wounded. So far as this point was concerned, a complete victory was gained, and the opposing force was almost entirely killed, wounded, or taken prisoners. The enemy were, however, still pressing farther to the left, threatening to cut us off from the river. I ordered the Second, Third, and Sixth Vermont and the Twenty-sixth New Jersey Regiments from the positions they held and the ground they had so nobly won, to form a new line to the left and nearer the river. Not knowing what the danger on our left was, and being conscious of having gained a

