
teers; E. L. Barney, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, and Lieutenant Cols. J. R. Lewis, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, and E. Martindale, Twenty sixth New Jersey Volunteers. Nor can I fail to mention in the same strain the gallant services of the officers of my personal staff-Captain A. Brown, jr., Fourth Vermont Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant C. H. Forbes, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. J. J. Bain, jr., Second Vermont Volunteers, and F. G. Butterfield, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, acting aides-de-camp, and Horace French, Third Vermont Volunteers, acting provost-marshal--all of whom rendered the most efficient aid. They were everywhere in the thickest of the fight, wherever needed, faithfully delivering and carrying out my orders. Great credit is also due to Lieutenant A. Austin, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, acting quartermaster, who, though not actually engaged in the battle, looked after the safety of the baggage, and constantly sent forward to supply the wants of the brigade.

Nor ought I fail to speak of the gallant dead. Captain Luther Ainsworth, of the Sixth Vermont Volunteers, fell while gallantly cheering on his men. Captain A. B. Hutchinson, of the Sixth Vermont Volunteers; Lieutenant R. P. Goodall, and R. A. Kennedy, Third Vermont Volunteers; Lieuts. Thomas Ensworth and W. A. Cameron, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; Lieutenant Lyman F. Loomis. Fifth Vermont Volunteers; Lieuts. F. M. Kimball and Porter Crane, jr., Sixth Vermont Volunteers, received wounds while noble discharging their duties.

Lieutenant-Colonel Pingree, Third Vermont Volunteers, is deserving of special mention, he being in command of his regiment while Colonel Seaver was acting as general officer of the day.

I desire also to make special mention of Sergeant [James] Sheridan, of Company C, Twenty-sixth New Jersey Volunteers, for distinguished gallantry and the exhibition of rare ability to command; also of Private William Werkes, of Company L, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, orderly at these headquarters, for great coolness and daring. He accompanied me in the charge upon the heights of Fredericksburg on the 3rd instant, and continued with me during the battle of the 4th instant, rendering valuable assistance, going wherever sent, and many times under the most terrific fire.

For other instances of special commendation, I respectfully refer to the respective reports of regimental commanders, herewith forwarded.

A list of casualties is also forwarded. The total loss is 22 killed, 163 wounded, and 93 missing; in all, 278. The loss inflicted upon the enemy was many times the above number.

A North Carolina and a Louisiana brigade must both of them have been nearly annihilated. At once time a large share of both, including the wounded, were in our hands as prisoners. The number of prisoners actually taken by the brigade is believed to be at least 1,500; but owing to the imperative order withdrawing the Second, Third, and Sixth Vermont and the Twenty-sixth New Jersey Regiments, and the darkness which prevailed, only about 400 were actually brought off. Many of them were sent to the rear as fast as captured, with only one man, and sometimes with none, as guard, and after dark they managed to remain behind when our line was shortened.

Among the prisoners taken were 1 brigadier-general, 1 colonel, commanding a brigade, several lieutenant-colonels, majors, and line officers.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

