
the line in front was broken. The line of the enemy came forward upon the double-quick, two regiments advancing directly against my own, which was lying down, protected in some measure by a slight swell in the ground. My fire was held until the enemy were within 20 feet of the muzzles of our guns, when, at the word of command, the regiment arose and poured their fire upon the foe, and immediately charged, driving the enemy back over the ground he had won. My regiment captured nearly 300 prisoners, among whom were 2 colonels, a major, and several captains and lieutenants. We held our advance position until ordered back by the brigade commander.

The intrepidity and gallantry of both officers and men in both the above-named actions are deserving of the highest praise.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

ELISHA L. BARNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Vermont Volunteers.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 230. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

IN THE FIELD NEAR FREDERICKSBURG,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the division, that on the night of May 2, in obedience to orders, I led my brigade across the pontoon bridge at Mansfield, on the Rappahannock, about three-fourths of a mile below Fredericksburg, and posted two regiments, the Forty-ninth and Thirty-third New York, as pickets in front of the enemy.

At 12 midnight my brigade was ordered to march along through Bowling Green toward Fredericksburg. While waiting to ge the road, the enemy attacked the left of my picket line, held by the Forty-ninth New York. The Forty-ninth repulsed them, and held their ground.

On the morning of the 3rd (Sunday), at about 10 a. m., I was ordered to form three regiments as the advance of a column of assault against the heights on Marye's Hill, back of Fredericksburg. I led the Thirty-third New York, Twenty-first New Jersey, and Seventh maine Volunteers, preceded by the Seventy-seventh New York, who were acting as skirmishers, under a heavy fire of shot and shell. Before reaching the batteries on the hill, against which we were directed, I found they had already been taken by our troops on our right, and I directed the attack against the batteries on the hills to our left, along the Richmond road. We took in succession four distinct detached earthworks, of strong profile. We captured 3 pieces of artillery-2 long brass guns and 1 short brass howitzer-and 1 stand of colors, belonging to the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, after which we marched to assist in repelling an attack of the enemy along the Chancellorsville road.

On the morning of May 4, the enemy attempted to turn our rear, when I led four regiments of my brigade back toward Fredericksburg and checked them.

I must not omit to mention that, on the morning of the 4th, a brigade of rebels advanced to take an earthwork near the Plank road, which

30 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

