
and have no hesitance in saying that the general my depend upon them in any emergency.

The casualties, though not large, are severe. Among the killed is Luther M. Wheeler, senior captain of the regiment. He fell, mortally wounded, while urging his men up the heights. He was a brave soldier, and the regiment and service have lost a gallant officer and noble man.

Officers and men. 	Killed	Wounded. 	Missing	Total

Officers	 1	 1	---	 2

Enlisted men	 6	 45	 30	 81

Total	 7	 46	 30	 83

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. FRENCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

WILLIAM H. LONG,

Captain and A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 6th A. C.

Numbers 232. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, First Battery, New York Light Artillery.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 5 a. m. on the 3rd instant I took a position assigned me near to and on the left of Fredericksburg, and shelled the enemy's batteries on the heights. Much of the ammunition failed to work satisfactorily, but the fire of my battery was very fair. During the charge, I kept up a rapid fire on all the works, and succeeded in driving the enemy from the work on the left, compelling him to abandon his pieces, after several ineffectual attempts to run the gauntlet of our fire. This work was then occupied by the Seventy-seventh New York Regiment. A shell from my third piece exploded a limber in the right work carried by our division.

At 3.15 p. m. received orders to follow the Third Brigade; marched over the heights back of Fredericksburg, and then followed in rear of the leading regiment of the Second Brigade, marching on the plank road leading to Culpeper Court-House. Came into battery on the left of the road at 6.20 p. m.

At 9.15 p. m. received orders to proceed to the front without delay; came into battery on the right of the road near the toll-gate; the enemy's skirmish line was in the edge of the woods 700 yards to my front. At daylight, discovered the enemy building an earthwork in front, using the plank from the road to strengthen it. A few well-directed shells put a stop to their operations. During the day them threatened our position several times, but did not attempt to advance in strong force.

At 5 p. m. the fighting became general along the whole line, and about 6.45 p. m. General Sedgwick informed me that he was about to withdraw the infantry, and ordered me to hold my position as long as pos-

