
heights were taken (about 10 a. m.) was made, a desultory firing was kept up, in which, as shown by subsequent investigation, the enemy suffered severely. Occupying such commanding points, and protected by earthworks, the enemy had an immense advantage over us, as only extremely accurate shot could harm him in the least. In the successful attack, I regard the artillery as taking no mean part. The rapidity and accuracy of its fire kept the enemy from working his guns with the effect their position warranted.

The battery followed closely on the infantry in its attack, and came into position on the crest only a few seconds after its capture. A battery of eight guns of the enemy opened upon us immediately on our arrival, at the close range of 600 yards. The fire upon us for a short time was terrific. It only, however, required fifteen minutes to dislodge them. What injury was sustained by them could not be ascertained.

The enemy attacked us in position on the left of the line early Monday morning. One section, the light 12-pounder guns, had been placed to command the approach of the heights. The section then had no support between it and the enemy. There was but a thin line of skirmishers; about 60, I believe. He charged the heights with four regiments, and was repulsed by the fire of the 12-pounders and the few skirmishers. The practice of the artillery was magnificent.

in the afternoon, about 5 p. m., the enemy threw his whole force upon us. One section of the Parrot guns had been brought over and placed near the light 12-pounder section, to protect the left. The remaining section (Parrots) was some half mile on the right, near the right of the division. While the enemy was advancing, the four guns on the left, over which I had more particular control, kept up a sharp enfilading fire upon him. The different positions were taken by them as their advance rendered necessary. All the ammunition in the light 12-pounders was expended, and nearly all in the Parrot guns, which could do but little execution against the approach of infantry. I only left my position for the rear when the enemy was nearly upon us on three sides. On the front and on the left the enemy's infantry was not more than 15 yards distant.

I cannot too highly praise the conduct of both officers and men under fire. Lieutenant McDonald, in command of the light 12-pounders, did fine service through the day. Lieutenant Hickox, with me on the left, and Lieutenant Simon, on the right, displayed great coolness and gallantry. All of them deserve promotion.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD MARTIN,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, Commanding.

Major J. WATTS DE PEYSTER,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 234. Report of Colonel Horatio Rogers, jr., Second Rhode Island Infantry, Second Brigade, Third Division.

BEFORE FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part taken in the last eleven days' campaign by the regiment under my command:

Tuesday, April 28, the regiment broke camp, and about 3 p. m.

