
To my staff-Captain George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain William J. Slindell, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, brigade inspector; Lieutenant C. H. O'Connor, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant William J. Bradford, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp--I am most grateful for valuable aid and gallant energy.

To the sound judgment and coolness under fire of Captains Clendenin and Slidell at the battle of Salem Heights, I am under special obligations, and would be glad to see their merits recognized by the War Department.

My acting brigade surgeon, Dr. G. D. F. Simpson, of the Sixty-second New York, though anxious to be with his brigade on the field, was detailed for duty at the division hospital, where he rendered the same faithful service he has always done in every battle in which this brigade has been engaged.

Corrected list of killed, wounded, and missing has already been furnished. The aggregate loss in my brigade was 560,* or more than one fourth the strength of my brigade in action.

Trusting that its conduct in the several engagements of the 3rd and 4th were as satisfactory to the division commander as to myself,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WHEATON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major WILLIAM RUSELL, JR., A. A. G., 3rd Div., 6th A. C.

Numbers 236. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Wynkoop, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, VA., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with circular of to-day, that this regiment, then under command of Colonel John F. Ballier, left camp near White Oak Church, Va., at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of April 28, and, after occupying several position on the Rappahannock, left of Fredericksburg, crossed that river at about 8 o'clock on the evening of May 2, on a pontoon, some 3 miles to the left of said city, and rested upon its arms until about 1 o'clock in the morning of the 3rd instant.

We then marched and took position at about 5 a. m. on the left of the One hundred and thirty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and fronting the rebel batteries and stone wall in rear of Fredericksburg.

Here we remained until the charge was made upon the wall and batteries, when we marched directly to the front, in line of battle, and continued so to do until reaching the wall, when by the right flank we ascended the height. By steday and continued marches, the regiment advanced to the front by the Plank road to Richmond.

At about 4.30 p. m. of that day, while the regiment was advancing in line of battle to the support of the front line on the left of the said road, the lines in my front suddenly broke and retreated in confusion through our line.

Colonel Ballier here fell, severely wounded, and the command of the regiment was instantly taken by myself. I am happy to state that under these most trying circumstances I succeeded in holding the regi-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 190.

---------------

