
ment in position, and with the assistance of the artillery immediately in rear, repelled the enemy's advance some five or six times, and until (through a force being sent forward on his flank) the enemy was finally forced to retire.

At 7.15 p. m. I was relieved by the First U. S. Chasseurs, and ordered to position on the left and in rear of Shaler's brigade.

During the forenoon of the 4th instant, we were maneuvered to a ravine in rear of a small elevation occupied by the Sixty-second New York, on the left of the Plank road, but were shortly again removed to the road, where we remained until about 5.30 p. m. I was then ordered on double-quick to the support of General Howe's division, which was in full retreat before the enemy. I succeeded in arriving on the ground at a moment quite opportune, and, by a charge upon the enemy's flank, threw him in confusion and turned hispanic-stricken. Howe's forces then rallied, and pursued him apparently some 1 1/2 miles, while I remained in the position assumed to protect their flank. The Sixty-second New York afterward took position on our left.

At about 8 p. m. I received orders to follow the Sixty-second, and succeeded in executing a charge of base which brought me rapidly to a height in the neighborhood of Banks' Ford, and took position on the left of the Sixty-second New York and rear of the One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

At about 3 a. m. on the morning of the 5th instant, we again took up our line of march, and crossed a pontoon at said ford, and, at some 2 miles distant, stacked arms to rest from the excitement and fatigue of the march. In about half an hour, through orders, I came to an aboutface, and returned to assist in protecting and removing the pontoons. Upon the fulfillment of this duty, I returned, and entered the present camp at about 10 a. m.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a rough sketch* of the several positions occupied by this regiment. Numbers 1 is where Colonel Ballier was wounded. Numbers 2, in rear of Shaler's brigade. Numbers 3, in rear of the Sixty-second New York, in ravine. Numbers 4, position previous to going to the support of Howe. Numbers 5, position occupied on Howe's flank and previous to change of base.

Permit me to state in this connection that, upon the wounding of Colonel Ballier, I ordered Captain J. W. Beamish to act as major, who, together with Major Kohler, rendered most valuable assistance. The officers and men throughout acted with cheerful alacrity, and must forever merit my warmest regard.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

G. WYNKOOP,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain G. CLENDENIN, Jr., Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 237. Report of Colonel Joseph M. Kinkead, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the operations at Fredericksburg and vicinity.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

