
The regiment left its camp on Tuesday, April 28, about 3 p. m., taking position third in line. Arriving about sundown at a ravine in rear of hill next the river, bivouacked for the night.

On Wednesday morning (29th) took position parallel with road from Falmouth to King George Court-House, directly in rear of Dr. Morson's house.

Thursday (30th) was mustered for pay by Lieutenant-Colonel Moody.

Friday, May 1, moved to Pollock's Mill, near lower bridge. Returned to previous position about 9 p. m.

Saturday, May 2, at 7 a. m., returned to the mill, and in conjunction with Ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, removed the boats an lumber of the pontoon bridge, which had been taken up during the previous night, to a place of safety, the labor being performed with alacrity and to the entire satisfaction of the engineer in charge. The same evening, between 8 and 9 o'clock, crossed the bridge near Dr. Bernard's old house, and bivouacked until midnight, when we were moved to Fredericksburg, which we entered before daybreak.

About sunrise, in accordance with orders, the regiment advanced and occupied the crest of the first ridge back of the town, between the two railroads, three companies of our left wing being in the deep cut where the railroad goes through the ridge. Immediately after the occupation of this position, Captain McCarthy's battery, First Pennsylvania Artillery, dashed up the hill, and was placed in battery in our rear. After he had fired a few rounds, and the 12-pounder battery in the town had opened directly over us, killing 2 and wounding several of my men, I had my line moved back about 15 places, which gave the same support to the battery and protected us to some extent from the fire in the rear. Whilst occupying this ground, I sent 2 of my men along the line of the railroad, under cover of the embankment, who discovered a position partially enfilading the famous tone-wall rifle-pit, and, reporting the fact to General Wheaton, was authorized to send a company there, who, after arriving, kept up such an incessant fire as certainly added greatly to the effect of operations going on in that vicinity. About 10 o'clock, a general advance was made, the regiments on the right of our division entering the enemy's works handsomely. The One hundred and second came up in its proper position, although somewhat retarded in crossing the deep cut of the railroad on our right. Loss up to this time, 5 killed and 6 wounded.

Arriving on the heights, we advanced on the right of the Plank road toward Chancellorsville, coming up with the enemy at the too-gate near Salem Church, where they had made a determined and decided stand. On being ordered forward to fill a space between the left of a New Jersey regiment and the right of the line, advancing on the road, the regiment went up to the position in good order, double-quick, and maintained their place until the line on our left had been driven back and a heavy cross-fire was being poured in from the right, compelling us to retire, retaining, however, a well-defined line. Loss at this place was 7 killed, including Captain John Large, of the color company, 45 wounded, and 8 missing.

My men brought out from this place 18 prisoners, 11 of whom I have receipts for.

Our operations on Monday, May 4, consisted in moving to support different portions of the line until nearly sundown, when the brigade was moved double-quick to support General Howe's line in direction of Fredericksburg. The line, posted along a brush fence, consisted of the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-second New York Volun-

