
teers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers. I took my position on the right of left center company, seating myself on a stump to see what was transpiring in the vicinity. The men were allowed to go to sleep. About 8 o'clock I received a message to keep quiet and kindle no fires. At the same time the regiments on my right moved off by their left flank, passing our right and moving directly to the front. After remaining for nearly an hour, Doctor Morson had occasion to go to the rear, where he proposed to establish a hospital, but, returning, informed me that the troops near there had moved. The rumbling sound of artillery moving indicated the passage of troops over the road north of us. The demoniac yells from the direction where General Sedgwick had the main portion of the corps at sundown, told plainly that we were alone, with the enemy on three sides of us. I immediately sent Captain Coleman with 8 men to the front, to find if any other portion of the brigade was there, or what direction they had taken. Four men were sent to the right, to communicate with Lieutenant Morris, of the Sixty-second New York. Captain Fullwood deployed his company in the rear, and Lieutenant Lyon, with 6 men, was sent to discover a road through the forest to the road beyond. Captain Coleman returned, reporting 2 wounded men of the Sixty-second New York where the line had been. The party sent to communicate with Lieutenant Morris returned without finding him, but bringing one of his men in charge of a prisoner, who represented himself as belonging to Anderson's division, 40,000 strong, and standing in line in the forest south of the Plank road. Captain Fullwood reported from his line that he could distinctly hear the jokes and jeers of the rebels on coming up to a knapsack, and were not disposed to pass until its contents were rifled. The party sent to find the road had not reported. Hearing distinctly the commands given to the lines closing in on my right and rear, I ordered my men to cross the fence and march quietly by the left flank. The movement had scarcely commenced before we were fired into, and the fire returned by portions of Companies A and F, on the right of the regiment. Our march continued, principally through swamps, until arriving near the vedettes of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who fired several shots at us before the condition of affairs could be explained. On learning the correct road to the ford, I rode back to close up those who had become scattered in passing the swamp, and remained as long as any of my men continued to arrive. On getting inside the line, the regiment was put in position designated by Captain [William G.] Ulshoeffer, of General Newton's staff.

Loss on evening of the 4th instant is 102, including Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson, 1 captain, and 2 lieutenants.

Our regimental colors were missing when we arrived at the lines, and the only corporal of the color-guard who escaped with us reported that they had been delivered to a sergeant of Company I, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. They have not yet been found, but I feel confident did not fall into the hands of the enemy.

The river was recrossed the same night with that part of the troops among whom we had been placed, and the brigade rejoined early on the morning of the 5th instant.

Whether my action was correct in ordering the march from the position in which we had been placed at sundown without authority from the source that had placed the regiment there, remains for higher power to decide. I feel that the circumstances justified the act, and all who obeyed my orders promptly came away in safety.

