
The total loss of the regiment during the operations until recrossing the river was 185,* including killed, wounded, and missing. Lists of all have been forwarded.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. KINKEAD,

Colonel 102nd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE R. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 238. Report of Colonel Frederick H. Collier, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, agreeably to orders, the operations of my regiment from May 2 to May 5, instant.

On the evening of May 2, I crossed the Rappahannock at Bernard's house with the remainder of the brigade, and about midnight took up the line of march, and at dawn arrived at Fredericksburg, immediately in front of the enemy's works. The enemy having opened a heavy fire, I was ordered by the general commanding the brigade to support with my regiment the battery commanded by Lieutenant Butler. As soon as the heights of the enemy were taken, I was ordered forward to the support of the troops who had taken them.

Having reached the summit of the first height, I immediately formed line of battle, and was ordered to the support of Colonel Shaler in his attack on one of the enemy's works on the next heights. After an hour's rest, my regiment again joined the column in its advance toward Chancellorsvile. In a short time I again formed line of battle, which accordance with your orders, and advanced to join in the battle, which had already begun. I was assigned a position to the right and front of Hooe's house, in support of our troops in the woods. The enemy's fire from his ambush in these woods proving too heavy, two of our regiments fell back in confusion. At this juncture I was ordered to move my regiment under cover of a little crest some 20 yards to the rear, so that our artillery might assist in checking the enemy, who was pursuing. While executing this order, my line was somewhat disordered by the retreating column breaking through it, but it was quickly reformed on the ground and took the position directed. The enemy still advanced, and was within some 30 yards of my command when he was checked, and, it is only just for me to add, in great measure by the well-directed fire of my own men.

I then swing around the left of my line, and formed on the edge of the woods on the right of the semicircle (the shape of the battle-ground), to support our troops in these woods, who had been outflanked by the enemy a moment before, and were in imminent danger of capture. These regiments retired from the woods, and my command was ready to receive the enemy, but, it being dusk, he did not renew the attack. By our orders I then reported to General Russell, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, and was ordered by him to remain in the front line of battle during the night.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 190.

---------------

