
I remained in this position and under the command of General Russell until the afternoon of Monday, 4th instant, when, another engagement being apprehended, and my regiment occupying a position in front of the brigade of Colonel Eustis, of General Newton's division, I was ordered under his command; but no attack took place on the front of our line, it being confined to the left and rear.

At dusk our withdrawal commenced, and, by command of Colonel Eustis, my regiment formed part of the rear guard in the march to Banks' Ford, where I again rejoined my brigade, and, after the corps had crossed the Rappahannock, my regiment was detailed to remove one of the pontoon bridges.

The conduct of my regiment in the operations just detailed was highly gratifying to me. All the officers and men present did their duty courageously. One of the officers, First Lieutenant James T. Harrison, of Company D, while gallantly encouraging his men, received a bullet through the brain. An official list of casualties, with name and character, has already been furnished you.

The aggregate los in my command is as follows:

Officers and men. 	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Officers. 	 1	 3	---	 4

Enlisted men. 	 10	 56	 34	 100

Total*	 11	 59	 34	 104

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. H. COLLIER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE R. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

A. A. G., Their Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 239. Report of Major George W. Dawson, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, Light Division.

CAMP OF THE SIXTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,

May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in relation to the part taken by the Sixty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late battle, that, agreeably to orders, the regiment broke camp at 10 a. m. of the 28th day of April, and, with the brigade, marched to near Dr. Pollock's house, on the Rappahannock, where it remained bivouacked until about 10 p. m., and was then detailed to carry pontoon-boats to the place designated for crossing. The regiment carried down five boats, and it was done in perfect silence and order. After launching the boats, the regiment marched to where their arms had been left, and was then ordered to the banks of the river, where it remained until the bridge was

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 190.

---------------

40 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

