
finished. It then marched to a hill a short distance from the river, and remained there, bivouacked, until about 4 p. m. of the 1st of May, and relieved a regiment of Brooks' division, doing picket duty, being under artillery and musketry fire several times during the day, until about 6 p. m., when two companies were deployed in addition to the picket force, and the rebels were driven by them from their lines back and into their entrenchments on the hills.

The regiment was relieved during the evening, and bivouacked about 10.30 p. m., and was by orders "falled in," and ready for the march in one hour and a half afterward.

At 12 midnight the march was taken up for Fredericksburg, arriving there about 4 a. m. of the morning of the 3rd. At about 10 a. m. the regiment was moved to Princess Anne street, and left there their knapsacks and haversacks, preparatory to heading a column to storm the heights in the rear of the town. About 11 o'clock, the column was put in motion, the regiment leading. Arriving near the rifle-pits of the enemy, a heavy fire from musketry and artillery was received. The regiment being in column, the proper time for deploying not yet arriving, the loss was heavy, and the fire, one of the heaviest that could be given, caused the regiment to waver for a few moments, when it rallied and successfully gained the crest of the hill, capturing one of the pieces of artillery belonging to the famous Washington Battery, of Louisiana. In this charge, Colonel George C. Spear was instantly killed, Captains Crosby and Ellis, and Lieutenants Koerner and Harper wounded, and 10 enlisted men killed and 54 wounded.

The regiment then, under my command, assisted the troops under the command of Colonel Shaler in driving the enemy some 3 miles along the Plank road, and in the direction of Chancellorsville, capturing numbers of prisoners. As no account of them was taken, they being immediately sent to the rear, the precise number cannot be given. The regiment was relieved about 4 p. m., and was a short distance to the rear of the second line of battle during the heavy fight that took place about 5 o'clock. The regiment was moved up, until about dark it was in the first line, and was placed in support to Butler's (Second U. S.) battery, where it remained until 9 a. m. of the 4th, when, with other regiments of the Light Brigade, it was moved to the right and in the direction of Banks' Ford, to feel for the enemy and keep open the communication with the ford. At about dusk, the regiment with another was sent to support Howe's division, which was being heavily attacked. The regiment was under a heavy fire from musketry, fortunately with little loss, Captain Creps and 5 enlisted men being foiled, and he instead being driven back, the regiment took up its line of march toward the ford, and safely recrossed the Rappahannock at about 1 o'clock of the morning of the 5th.

On the 8th, the regiment was detailed to assist in hauling the pontoons from the banks of the river to a short distance back, which was done without molestation from the enemy.

On the morning of the 9th, the regiment was marched to its present camp.

Before closing this report, I would state that I am indebted to all my line officers for the hearty, united, and determined support given me during all this time. Where all did their duty so well and nobly, it would not be correct to particularize. All deserve honorable mention. It gives me great pleasure, however, to call attention to the daring conduct of Private Brown, of Company K, who shot the lead

