
horse of the cannon captured by the regiment, thereby preventing its escape; and Private James Robb, of Company H, who seized the colors when the sergeant was wounded, and bore them until relieved by Color Corpl. William Taylor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DAWSON,

Major, Commanding Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel HIRAM BURNHAM,

Commanding Light Division, Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 240. Report of Major General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Army Corps.

CAMP NEAR BROKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this corps during the recent movement:

First Day, Monday.-The corps left this camp at 5.30 a. m., April 27, and marched toward Kelly's Ford, via Hartwood Church. We made 14 miles, and encamped about 1 mile beyond Hartwood. The troops were in position by 4 p. m. My main wagon train was parked near the road that leads from the Ridge road to Banks' Ford.

Second day, Tuesday.-The head of the column left camp promptly at 4 a. m., and the entire corps was in camp near Kelly's Ford at 4 p. m., having marched 14 miles. at 2 p. m. on the same day, I visited the commanding general at Morrisville, where I received specific instructions and intimations of his general plan. At 6 p. m. the pontoon bridge was commenced, under charge of Captain Comstock, of the Engineers. The bridge-layers were mostly by detail from my command, and were new at the work. Some 400 men of Colonel Buschbeck's brigade crossed in boats. The enemy's picket, after a single shot, fell back. At 10 p. m. the bridge was completed and the crossing commenced. A regiment of cavalry (the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, Colonel Kellogg) reported to me, and was crossed, following the infantry advance guard. The colonel was ordered to send scouts and patrols up the different roads and to picket our front. Owing to the darkness of the night and the ignorance of the guides, it was nearly daylight before the troops were all in position.

Third day, Wednesday.-The Twelfth Corps, General Slocum, took the advance on the march toward Germanna Bridge. The Eleventh Corps followed. The Twelfth had some skirmishing in front, and the Eleventh had its rear of column shelled by a couple of light pieces, supported by cavalry. The Seventeenth pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to cover the rear and protect the train against this annoyance, which it failed to do; but a portion of Stoneman's cavalry came up and relieved our right flank. This corps commenced crossing the Rapidan at 11 o. m., and by 4 a. m. was in camp, except the rear guard and train.

Fourth day, Thursday.-The corps followed the Twelfth, leaving camp at 7 a. m., and encamped near Dowdall's Tavern at 4. p. m. As soon as the head of my column reached this point, I went to Chancellorsville

