
Numbers 241. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William G. Le Duc, Chief Quartermaster, Eleventh Army Corps.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, 11TH ARMY CORPS,

In Camp, near Brooke's Station, May 8, 1863.

GENERAL: By your order of April 28, conveyed through Captain F. A. Dessauer, I parked the trains of the Eleventh Corps at the junction of the Berea and Hartwood roads. Supplies for troops and trains were drawn from Stoneman's Swith, and kept constantly on hand and forwarded according to your orders. At no time was there less than five days' forage on hand to send forward for issue.

On the 29th of April, I caused to be arrested one Bensinger, a sutler (of the Eighty-second Ohio, I believe), for selling whisky in camp, and found him guilty, and fined him $100, and to be driven from the camp. Also, a teamster was found guilty of making a row by bringing into camp (form Stoneman's Switch) and selling one canteen of whisky. He was fined $30.

The provost-guard of convalescents, under the very efficient supervision of Lieutenant [Dominicus] Klutsch, were extremely useful to me in maintaining order, guarding the ammunition trains, performing picket duty, arresting stragglers, and aiding and assisting the wounded who were able to travel or were brought to the camp in wagons. Four hundred and seventy-nine wounded and sick from the front were fed and forwarded to the hospital-216 on foot and 263 by ambulances and spring wagons. Eighty-four stragglers were arrested, 34 of whom were sent to the provost-marshal-general, at Falmouth; 30 were sent back to their regiments; 20 were keep in custody. Fifty-eight musicians were sent to the hospital to nurse the sick and wounded.

On the 6th, at 3 a. m., having received your order, I broke camp, and marched by way of Stoneman's Switch to the old headquarters near Brooke's Station, about dark of the 6th. The transportation of the corps is ready for service. A few mules have been lost and some horses, but not enough to materially interfere with active and efficient operations.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. G. LE DUC,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, 11th Army Corps.

Major-General HOWARD.

Numbers 242. Report of Brigadier General Charles Devens, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

BOSTON, MASS.,

August 1, 1863.

COLONEL: My report of the proceedings of the First Division, Eleventh Army Corps, in the operations connected with the battle of Chancellorsville has been necessarily delayed by the fact that I was wounded in the battle of May 2, and that I have not been able to obtain as yet the reports of the subordinate commanders, with the exception of that of the commanding officer of the First Brigade, and par-

