
breaking of the troops on my immediate right exposed my men to almost certain destruction if they remained in the rifle-pits, and at the same time the rush of fugitives prevented them forming in good order by a change of front. In truth, the enemy came in great numbers so rapidly in pursuit as almost to be mingled with our own men in one mass.

Very respectfully,

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,

Commanding First Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

Numbers 245. Report of Major Allen G. Brady, Seventeenth Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions, received from division headquarters this morning, I have the honor to make the following statement of the part taken by the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers in the engagement of May 2:

The regiment, under command of Colonel William H. Noble, was placed in position to support Dieckmann's battery. The right wing, commanded by Colonel Noble and Lieutenant-Colonel Walter, was posted in the garden (in rear of the house occupied as headquarters by Generals Devens and McLean), along the garden fence, extending the whole length of the front, and partially covering the two sides, thus forming portions of a square.

The left wing, under the direct command of Major A. G. Brady, was in line of battle along the Culpeper road, and on the right flank of Dieckmann's battery, continuous with the general line of battle of the brigade, though separated from the next regiment on our right by a space somewhat greater than that occupied by the right wing before its advance, of about 75 yards into the garden.

During the day we had two companies out on picket, one from each wing. These were driven in about 5 p. m., rapidly pursued by the enemy.

Our right wing could not fire upon the enemy while our pickets were retreating, but as soon as the rebel line was unmasked by the pickets we poured several severe volleys into their ranks, until, being overpowered by the rapid advance of the enemy in overwhelming numbers, we were compelled to retreat, in obedience to command and in good order.

The left wing was exposed to a cross and enfilading fire, which caused the major commanding to order the men to lie down. They remained firmly at their posts, exposed to a galling fire, until after the battery which we were supporting had retreated without firing a gun.

I must here state that not a man belonging to the battery stood at his post when the attack commenced, neither did they undertake to fire a gun. After the battery had retreated, and as our left wing could not see the enemy, but was exposed to the most galling fire, I gave the order, and marched them out by the left flank, in good order.

Soon after the colonel had retreated with the right wing, which was posted in the garden, he was wounded. The lieutenant-colonel (Charles

