
Walter) is supposed to have been killed in the garden. This left the command of the regiment with the major, which he assumed at once, and rallied the men being the rifle-pits near General Howard's headquarters, and remained there until driven out at the point of the bayonet and superior force. The regiment again made a stand at the rifle-pit on the right of the rad, and remained until driven out, and again retreated toward General Hooker's headquarters, and again made a stand in the woods under the battery, and compelled soldiers from other regiments to rally with us. Here we remained until ordered to change our position to the hill in rear of the batteries and near General Hooker's headquarters.

We entered the fight with 3 field and 5 commissioned staff officers, 27 line officers, and 482 enlisted men.

The following is a list of the casualties of the regiment:

Officers and men. 	Killed. 	Wounded	Missing.	Total.

Officers	 ---	 4	 6	 10

Enlisted men	 1	 31	 78	 110

Total*	 1	 35	 84	 120

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN G. BRADY,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN,

Commanding First Division.

Numbers 246. Report of Major Jeremiah Williams, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry during the ten days commencing on April 27 and ending on May 6:

We left our camp near Brooke's Station, Va., with (including non-combatants) 433 men, and 2 field, 2 commissioned staff, and 18 line officers, each of the men carrying eight days' rations (except five days' meat), and 60 rounds of cartridges. We encamped the first night of our march near Hartwood Church. The next night crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford. The next we crossed the Rapidan, and the following day we reached Chancellorsville, where we remained until the engagement on the evening of the 2nd instant.

In this march, severe as it was, but one man straggled from our regiment, and he was present and wounded in the battle.

Our formation at the commencement of the engagement on the afternoon of the 2nd was in double column, about 100 paces in rear of the

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 182.

---------------

