
As Captain Sauter, who was on the right, moved his command across the road, he fell, mortally wounded. Major Stevens, Captain Robinson, and Lieutenant Osborn and Gould are in the enemy's hands, all severely wounded, except Major Stevens, of whom but little is known. Lieutenant Morse is slightly wounded, but on duty again.

The report of killed, wounded, and missing, herewith transmitted, will show the casualties.* Those not known to be killed or wounded are reported missing.

The attack being evidently a surprise, and the battalion being held in a useless position under a murderous fire, until, without any orders, it was withdrawn, as above stated, and the immense mass of fugitives passing by and through it, conspired to dishearten and scatter the men, so as to prevent any further stand being made.

The behavior on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday in position was highly commendable, no accident occurring save the loss of Private [George W.] Boyd, Company F, by the fire of one of the enemy's sharpshooters. Every order was promptly obeyed and the labors of the expedition most cheerfully endured.

Allow me to insist that when the Eleventh Corps is charged with cowardice on the 2nd instant, as is common, the Second Brigade, First Division, should not be inclined. The men did and will fight when they have opportunity, but a rifle-pit is useless when the enemy is on the same side and in rear of your line.

Respectfully,

JOHN C. LEE,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN.

Numbers 248. Report of Captain Benjamin Morgan, Seventy fifth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 75TH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your order, I beg to submit the following report:

About noon on the 2nd instant, the Seventy-fifth was ordered to the right, to support the First Brigade.

At 4.15 p. m. a volley was fired on our right flank by the One hundred and fifty-third Pennsylvania. From information received, found it was occasioned by the appearance of rebel cavalry.

About 5.20 p. m. heavy firing commenced on our right. Colonel Reily immediately wheeled the Seventy-fifth to the right, and ordered column to be deployed; but before the same could be properly accomplished, a portion of the First Brigade broke through our ranks, considerably retarding the movement. The regiment was, however, formed in good order, and, after firing 3 rounds, men falling fast, and heavily pressed by overwhelming numbers, the order was given by Colonel Reily to about-face, which was twice repeated by me before the regiment faced to the rear. They then retreated in good order, ready to form on the first support, and were rallied by you personally about 6.15 p. m., and reformed.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,B. MORGAN,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

General N. C. McLEAN, Commanding 1st Division, 11th Army Corps.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 182.

---------------

