
Numbers 249. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Mueller, One hundred and seventh Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I hereby subjoin a brief statement of the part taken in the engagement of the 2nd instant by the One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

At the commencement of the action, the One hundred and seventh consisted of eight companies, Companies D and F having previously been ordered forward as skirmishers. The regiment was posted on the left of the Second Brigade, First Division, the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on its immediate right and the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers on its immediate left. It was deployed in the trenches, which had been erected in the rear of and facing the open space between the frame house and the woods, and running parallel with the road. For several minutes the regiment could not see the enemy, and consequently had to reserve its fire, while at the same time a heavy enfilading fire of bomb shells, grape, and canister, and a brisk musketry fire from the woods in front, was thinning its ranks. Notwithstanding the regiment being thus brought between a deadly cross fire without being able to reply, it remained firm in the trenches until a portion of the battery posted on the extreme right of the First Brigade came down the road in full flight.

At that moment the center of the right wing attempted to break, whereupon it was promptly rallied by Colonel Meyer, myself, and Adjutant Koch, and ordered back to the trenches. The enemy, in an oblique line, could now be seen approaching in heavy columns. The regiment immediately commenced firing, and had fired about 5 rounds (left companies more), when the regiments on the right of the One hundred and seventh began to break and come down upon it in confusion and disorder.

The One hundred and seventh necessarily joined the retreat, and continued the same until it arrived at the second line of trenches. Here it was rallied, and again opened fire, firing about 6 rounds (some companies more), when the retreat commenced anew and became general. The One hundred and seventh was swept along with the current, but shortly after assembled about half a mile in the rear of the then headquarters of General Hooker, where a portion of the Eleventh Corps was forming.

With this portion of the corps the regiment marched to the meadow situated in front of the then headquarters of General Hooker, and in rear of the main battle-field, where the battle still was raging. There the regiment rested on its arms all night, ready for action at a moment's warning. I was then in command, Colonel Meyer having been wounded early in the engagement.

Although the result of the first engagement of this regiment has not been what one would desire it to be, yet I cannot refrain from stating that the regiment behaved well. Officers and men stood like veterans, i. e., as long as a stand could be made against the overwhelming numbers and the early fire pouring in upon the flank and front of the regiment.

Many a deed of coolness and bravery I had occasion to witness.

