
wounded nearly one-third of its whole strength, soon forced it to retire. Colonel Buschbeck then withdrew his small brigade in perfect order toward the woods, the enemy slowly pressing on. Twice he halted, faced around, and at last reached the rear of General Sickles' corps, which had been drawn up in position near Chancellorsville. Here he formed his brigade in close column, and, you will recollect, offered to advance again to a bayonet charge.

The Second Brigade, General Francis C. Barlow commanding, had, during this time, advanced in a southerly direction. General Barlow also soon heard the heavy firing. He received from General Birney a communication advising him to close up to the Third Corps, which he joined at about 9 p. m. near Chancellorsville.

On the morning of May 3, General Barlow rejoined the corps. both brigades were placed on May 3 behind the rifle-pits toward the left of the army, which position they occupied until the army was withdrawn on May 6.

From this short relation you will see that my Second Brigade was not engaged, owing to its being detached, and that the First Brigade displayed the greatest bravery under very trying circumstances. It numbered about 1,500 muskets, and held a position which was originally designed to be held by my whole division. It stood undismayed by the furious attack of an enemy flushed with victory over the other two divisions, and was ready again to advance as soon as it was reformed.

Our loss is heavy. The First Brigade lost, in killed and wounded, 494 men and 27 officers;* among the latter, three regimental commanders (Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York; Lieutenant Colonel L. Hartmann, Twenty-ninth New York, and Lieutenant Colonel William Moore, Seventy-third Pennsylvania). Colonel Buschbeck lost two aides (Captain [Bernard] Bode, seriously wounded, and Lieutenant [Joseph] Grimm), both probably in the hands of the enemy.

I must speak in high terms of Colonel A. Buschbeck for his gallantry and determination and for the complete control he retained over his command during the whole time of the engagement. Also of his acting assistant Adjutant-general, Captain [Jastrow] Alexander, who was constantly in the lines, and cheered the men by his courageous bearing.

The conduct of the officers of my staff also merits praise. They were much exposed. Major [Peter A.] McAloon, assistant inspector-general, particularly distinguished himself. I annex a sketch of the ground, showing the first position of this division.+

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. VON STEINWEHR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Army Corps.

Numbers 251. Report of Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my battery in the action on the enemy of May 2:

Late in the evening on the 30th ultimo, we arrived near Dowdall's

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 182. + Not found.

---------------

