
MARCH 17, 1863.- Skirmish at Bealeton Station, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Greely S. Curtis, First Massachusetts Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,March 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT; I have the honor to report that during the 17th instant I was ordered by the general commanding to hold the roads to Rappahannock and Kelly's Fords, coming from the north. There was no attack made, save by a small party of guerrillas at Bealeton Station, who were soon driven off.

Second Lieutenant Frank W. Hayden was captured by guerrillas while going from the outpost to the reserve of pickets near Elk Run. Besides this there is nothing worthy of report.

Your obedient servant,

G. S. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Massachusetts Cavalry.

Lieutenant WILL. RUMSEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

MARCH 17, 1863. - Affair at Herndon Station, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major Charles F. Taggart, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 2. - Captain John S. Mosby, Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Charles F. Taggart, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

DRANESVILLE, VA., March 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant, at 1 p.m., the reserve picket post at Herndon Station, consisting of 25 men under command of Second Lieutenant Alexander G. Watson, Company L, First Vermont Cavalry, was surprised by Captain Mosby with a force of 42 men, and 21 of our men, together with Major William Wells, Captain Robert Scofield, Company F, Second Lieutenant Alexander G. Watson, Company L, and Perley C. J. Cheney, Company C (second lieutenant), captured all of First Vermont Cavalry, the first three were visiting the post.

The surprise was so complete that the men made but little or no resistance. The enemy were led on by citizens, and entered on foot by a bridle-path in rear of the post, capturing the vedette stationed on the road before he was able to give the alarm. Every effort was made by men on receipt of the intelligence to capture the party, but without avail. Had Second Lieutenant Edwin H. Higley, Company K, First Vermont Cavalry, who had started with the relief for the post consisting of 40 men, together with 10 of the old guard, who joined him, performed his duty, the whole party could and would have been taken.

I cannot too strongly urge that orders may be given that all citizens near outposts must remove beyond the lines. Such occurrences are

5 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

