
The following regiments are exclusively German: Forty-first New York, Fifty-fourth New York, Sixty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Forty-fifth, and Fifty-eighth New York, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania, Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, and Eighty-second Illinois, numbering 4,206 present.

The following regiments are mixed nationalities: One hundred and nineteenth New York, One hundred and seventh Ohio, Seventy-third Pennsylvania, and One hundred and fifty-third Pennsylvania, numbering 1,930 present.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: To my application for permission to publish my report of the part taken by my division in the battle of Chancellorsville, I received, through the Adjutant-General, the reply that "it is contrary to orders to publish the reports of battles except through the proper official channels.'

In accordance with this, I would, for the reasons enumerated in my letter of the 18th instant, respectfully request you to publish my report when it reaches the War Department through the proper channel.

I would also most respectfully repeat my request that if the publication of my report should seem inexpedient to you, a court of inquiry be granted me for the purpose of publicly investigating the circumstances surrounding my command on the 2nd of May, the causes of its defeat, and my conduct on that occasion.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Commanding Third Div., Eleventh Army Corps.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. With reference to the court of inquiry asked for, I recommend that the request be granted. I do not know of any charges against General Schurz from an official quarter, but I do not shrink from a thorough investigation of all the circumstances connected with the disaster of May 2.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 4, 1863.

Publication of partial reports not approved till the general commanding has time to make this report.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

