
enemy advanced with a steady and heavy fire, in compact masses. Through hid advance from the right he drove the troops on the right of the regiment to our rear, exposing us to a heavy front and flank fire. You then personally ordered the colonel to fall back a little from the top of the hill. The regiment fell back 15 yards in good order, leaving about 70 killed and wounded on the ground it had occupied. Colonel Hecker then took the flag in his hand, cheering his men to make a charge as soon as the enemy should arrive at the proper distance, but, observing that the right of the regiment, which had been exposed to a heavy flank fire, gave way, he returned the flag to the color-bearer, and hastened to the right, but, before he arrived there, received a shot through the left thigh. He rode behind the center of the regiment, where he fell from his horse. The major behind the center of the regiment, where he fell from his horse. The major, who went to his assistance, was wounded in the leg immediately afterward. The regiment fell back to the woods in its rear, having received your orders to do so.

The officers rallied as many men as possible around the colors, and retired in good order to the edge of the woods, keeping a steady fire, which considerably checked the advance of the enemy. The men which they gathered here formed in line on the right of the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York. The enemy had followed them very close, and when he arrived at about 40 or 50 yards distant, they fired a round, and retreated in good order about 100 yards. There they stopped again, and fired 2 more rounds, which were very effective, and after which the enemy did not follow them. The march to the rear was then continued until we arrived on the ground where the brigade was forming. At the different halts we lost the balance of our killed and wounded, making in all a loss of 156 killed, wounded, and missing, which included 7 commissioned officers.* After the regiment had joined the brigade, we marched with the brigade, under you command, to the Chancellor house.

I do not think it necessary to say anything about the further movements of the regiment, as they, have been made under your personal command and observation, the regiment not leaving the brigade on any detached duty. I only beg leave to say, as I personally have not been in action, being at the time sick at Chicago, III., I had to make this report according to the statements I solicited from the officers of my regiment. Their statements varied in several points, but I have endeavored to make the report as correct as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDWARD S. SALOMON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighty-second Illinois Vols.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNING,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 11th Army Corps.

Numbers 255. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Adolph von Hartung, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 74TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., May 4, 1863.

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to send to you a report concerning that part of the battle of Chancellor's farm in which the Seventy-fourth was engaged, May 2.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 183.

---------------

