
names of the following sergeants of this regiment detailed for color guard, who, in a moment of the greatest danger, behaved most nobly and bravely, and to whom the whole regiment is indebted for not losing its flag: Sergeant [George Ekert, color-bearer; Sergeant [Henry] Bender, Company A; Sergeant [George] Nissel, Company D; Sergeant [Joseph] Frey, Company G, and Sergt. W. Kruger, Company B.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

A. VON HARTUNG,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 74th Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNING,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 256. Report of Colonel Wladimir Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, VA.,

May 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report about the engagement of May 2, near Wilderness Run, Va.:

About 11 a. m., May 2, I received your orders to withdraw two regiments from the position my brigade had occupied since the previous day, they being at that time placed in reserve fronting to the south. The position which was assigned to the two regiments was a reserve for the First Division, and, fronting to the west, partly formed the extreme right wing of the whole army. The Twenty-sixth Wisconsin and the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered to take this position.

About 11 p. m. I received orders to detail one regiment of my brigade for picket duty, to relieve the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, for which duty I ordered the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with the exception of about 60 men, which were in excess of the number required for picket duty. Of these, 45 men were detailed to form part of the skirmishing line. To replace the regiment thus detailed, I ordered the Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, which still occupied the place assigned to it the day before. The disposition of my troops before the engagement was, consequently, as follows (see annexed sketch):* the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left wing of the First Brigade, Third Division, deployed in line along the Orange Court-House Plank road, fronting south, and the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin and Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers in the position above indicated, fronting west. I remained with my staff with the two last-named regiments. About 400 paces in front of the latter two regiments, the skirmish line of 80 men of the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers and 45 men from the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; the Twenty-sixth regiment Wisconsin Volunteers in close column to the center on the extreme right, and the Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers on the left, with deploying distance between them.

About 6 p. m. firing was heard in front toward the left of my line,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

