
and but a short time afterward I discovered a part of the First Division coming down upon the left of my troops in the greatest disorder. Meanwhile the firing drew nearer. I inquired into the cause of the disorder, and was informed by officers and men of that division that the enemy came in such force and was pushing so rapidly that they were obliged to fall back. My skirmishers retained their position, and were not engaged until some minutes afterward, when, after some resistance, the enemy's force obliged them to fall back upon the regiments, which was done in good order, as also the deploying into line of the latter.

It appeared, however, that the enemy came upon our lines in an oblique direction, completely outflanking my forces on the right, and massing in front of them, in consequence of which it became necessary to withdraw; but, not desiring to take the responsibility, I sent one of my staff officers, Lieutenant [Louis H.] Orleman, to you, with a request for re-enforcements, but I received orders from you to fall back to the border of the woods on the right of the intrenchments, which woods, being very thick, caused the wing companies of the regiments, which woods, being very thick, caused the wing companies of the regiments to be detached. When the intrenchments were abandoned, my troops fell beck upon the line occupied by General Berry's division. Here I was joined by the Eighty-second Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Robinson, part of the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, and the One hundred and fifth-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Brown. We occupied this position for upward of one hour. The firing having by that time been somewhat discontinued, and my forces being separated from the rest of the corps, I concluded to make proper efforts to join the rest of the corps near a large farm house north of Chancellorsville, in which I succeeded. Nearly one hour later I received orders to proceed to Chancellorsville, and there join the remainder of the troops.

As to the behavior of the troops under my command, I must confess that they behaved well and to my satisfaction. The Twenty-sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, as well as the Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, stood their ground until it became untenable. The officers exerted themselves to cheer their men.

Of the One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers I cannot mention much, from the fact this regiment was detached from the rest of the brigade. I have ascertained that it fought well.

Of the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the skirmishers reflect credit on their regiment.

It would be doing injustice to many if I should particularly mention the name of any line officer. I therefore leave such to the respective regimental commanders. I cannot, however, refrain from mentioning the names of Colonel W. H. Jacobs, Lieutenant-Colonel Boebel, Major Baetz, and Adjutant Schlosser, all of the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, who led their men to the best of their abilities and with coolness; also Captain E. Koening, of the Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, who, after Captain Braun, its commander, had been killed, took command of the regiment.

Of Colonel E. Peissner, One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers, I can speak only with admiration, he having cheered his men at the moment he fell, as I am told by many of his officers.

Lieutenant-Colonel Lockaman, of the same regiment, is said to have acted bravely and with coolness.

Respecting the officers on my staff, I have reason to express my entire satisfaction, they having executed my orders with the greatest promptness, and every one of them has received marks which prove that they have been in the midst of the shower of lead.

