
The total loss of the brigade is, and near as can be ascertained, as follows:

Officers and men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

Officers	 6	 5	 10	 21

Enlisted men	 55	 189	 169	 413

Total*	 61	 194	 179	 434

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 11th Army Corps.

Major General CARL SCHURZ,

Commanding Third Division.

Numbers 257. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Lockman, One hundred and nineteenth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 119TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,May 8, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with your order of this day, I beg leave to report as follows:

At the time the enemy attacked our right, on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, the One hundred and nineteenth New York was posted on the edge of the road leading toward Culpeper, facing to the front, and expecting an attack in that direction. When the firing commenced, Colonel Peissner, by order of General Schurz, moved the regiment up to the fork of the two main roads leading west, and posted it across both.

Here we awaited the enemy, and engaged him until he made an attack on the left of our regiment, and also attacked with heavy masses our right flank. The position then became untenable, and we retired to the line of breastworks in our rear, where we reformed. We were forced also from this position by an enfilading fire from the right, and, endeavoring to retreat along the road toward Chancellorsville, were broken by the stream of straggling cavalry artillery, and infantry. Part of the regiment took up several positions with the Twelfth Corps, and part united with McLean's division. The whole was reorganized on Sunday, whilst holding the position on the left of the line.

Our loss amounted in killed, wounded, and missing to 126, among whom were Colonel Peissner and 5 officers.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

[JOHN T. LOCKMAN.]

Colonel W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 11th Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 183.

---------------

