
The command was in camp every night at the point designated by the commanding general at an earlier hour than that named in his instructions to me.

Notwithstanding the severity of the march, I have never seen so few stragglers. The conduct of the officers and men in each engagement with the enemy was equally gratifying. The Second Division on Sunday held its line until forced to retire by the appearance of the enemy in its rear. The First division maintained its position until long after every round of ammunition had been exhausted.

I cannot designate any particular regiment as worthy of special commendation without doing injustice to others, nor can I, with justice, name any of my officers as having particularly distinguished themselves where all did so well. Every one of the general officers discharged his full duty.

I am greatly indebted to General Pleasonton for his services on our march from Kelly's Ford to Chancellorsville. He was with me constantly, and greatly assisted me not only by his knowledge of the country, but his experience in conducting a march of this nature.

The members of my staff-Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Rodgers, Major E. W. Guindon, Capts. William W. Moseley and William G. Tracy-each did his duty to my entire satisfaction, in the performance of which the latter was very severely wounded. I am also indebted to Captain C. F. Morse, provost-marshal; Captain F. W. Butler and I. Thickstun, signal officers, and Lieutenant E. Diven, aide-de-campt to General [Nathaniel J.] Jackson, and G. L. Birney, acting assistant quartermaster, who acted during all engagements as volunteer aides.

To the other members of my staff-Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Sturdevent, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Hopkins, and Surg. J. McNulty-I am greatly indebted for the able manner in which they discharged the duties of their several detachments.

I have to lament the loss of many valuable officers, all of whom were killed in the discharge of their duties. Among them was Colonel Stainrook, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, Third Wisconsin; Major Chapman, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania; Captain Hampton, Hampton's battery, and Lieutenant Crosby, commanding Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

For fuller details, I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of my division, brigade, and regimental commanders.

I annex a sketch, showing the positions occupied by my command on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of May, and inclose a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, from which it appears that the loss of the corps was 2,883.* Of those reported missing, a large number have been brought in to-day, wounded. Many others are known to have been captured in attempting to reach their original lines on Saturday night, after the rout of the Eleventh Corps.

My command consists of but two small divisions, the Third (Whipple's) Division having been temporarily detached for special service by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 303, Headquarters Army of the Potomac, and having never been permitted to rejoin my corps.

My losses, as stated above, were, therefore, about 30 per cent. of my entire effective force.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, A. A. G., Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

