HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

March 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The order of the major-general commanding, directing me to forward to headquarters Department of Washington a written report of the capture of our pickets at Selecman's Ford and part of the reserves at Mrs. Violett's is received. I have the honor to state in reply that I have directed Captain William P. Brinton, Company D, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding the post to send me the required report which I expect to receive to-day, and will immediately forward it when received. There is a mistake entertained at headquarters in reference to the picket at Selecman's Ford. There was not a man captured there. The sergeant and 4 men posted there emptied their carbines and revolvers, wounding some of the rebels, and then fell back without loss.

In reference to the reserves at Mrs. Violett's (being without the report in detail), I can only state that they fought well, but were overpowered by superior numbers. Richard S. Farrow, of the Black Horse Cavalry (Fourth Virginia), was captured, severely and supposed mortally wounded. He commanded the party, and was yesterday sent to Washington. Two of their privates were left on the other side of the Occoquan, too seriously wounded to be moved. We had 3 men wounded, one of whom has since died. He was shot after he had surrendered and given up his arms. Of the other two, one is severely, the other slightly, wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BUTLER PRICE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain William P. Brinton, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

ACCOTINK, VA.,

March 22, 1863-5 a.m.

COLONEL: I have just received information that our reserve picket at Mrs. Violett's house has been attacked and captured,including Lieutenants Biles, See, and Bacon. How many of the pickets have been taken, I know not. I go at once with my force here to their assistance. There is no doubt about it being a success on the part of the rebels.

Your obedient servant,

WM. P. BRINTON,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Colonel R. BUTLER PRICE.

MRS. VIOLETT'S FARM-7.30 a.m.

COLONEL: We have arrived, and find officers safe; some of the men escaped. The enemy surrounded these headquarters, dismounted, horses secreted in the woods, at 3 a.m. Supposed to be from 80 to 100. Reserve here consisted of 25 men, balance being on post. Reserve made

