
Special reports of officers and enlisted men who particularly distinguished themselves will be made hereafter, pursuant to the Army Regulations.

I cannot let the opportunity pass without the especial mention of the valuable, faithful, and gallant conduct of Brigadier-Generals Ruger and Knipe, commanding brigades. At all times and on all occasions they were prompt and zealous in the discharge of their duties, which were both arduous and constant night and day.

I also desire to bear testimony to the very able and efficient manner in which the artillery of the corps, under Captain Best, U. S. Army, chief of artillery, was managed. The loss inflicted on the enemy by this army must have been of the most serious character.

Captain Fitzhugh, chief of artillery of the division, also deserves especial commendation for faithful and gallant conduct.

I beg leave also to call the attention of the commanding general to the faithful services of my staff officers. Captain William D. Wilkins, assistant adjutant-general, fell into the hands of the enemy on the night of May 2, while assisting to reform our line in the rifle-pits. His valuable and experienced aid in the office is greatly missed.

First Lieutenant S. E. Pittman, aide-de-camp, and acting assistant adjutant-general since the 2nd instant, on this, as on many previous occasions, most faithfully and gallantly assisted me in the field.

Major Buckingham, of the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant inspector general for the division; Lieutenant Pattison, Second Massachusetts, assistant commissary of musters for the division; Captain [Christopher L.] Skeels, provost-marshal for the division, and Captain F. R. Munther, additional aide-de-camp, attached to my staff, all were prompt, zealous, and attentive in the discharge of their duties as acting aides-de-camp in transmitting orders.

Lieutenant Augustine, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, ordnance officer of the division, deserves especial commendation for the efficient discharge of his duties, supplying with his pack trains ammunition to my regiments night and day at all times when called on.

I desire also to bear testimony to the judicious and excellent provision made for the wounded of the division by Surgeon [Artemus] Chapel, medical director, who on this as on other similar occasions discharged his whole duty.

The varying fortunes of the battle compelled a frequent change in the location of the hospital depots, and of then under heavy fire of the enemy's artillery.

Captain [Henry M.] Whittelsey, assistant quartermaster, and Captain [Edgar C.] Beman, commissary of subsistence, were for the most time under orders with the division trains on the north side of the Rappahannock; but hey were laborious in providing for the necessities of the division.

In conclusion, I beg leave to congratulate the major-general commanding the corps upon the faithful, orderly, and gallant conduct of the Twelfth Corps during the ten days' campaign. On the marches and on the battle-filed the conduct of the officers and men almost universally was that of veterans; obedient to orders, faithful to duty, and firm and unyielding under the most vigorous and overwhelming assaults of the enemy. On the marches we had no stragglers and on the battle-field few skulkers.

The insignia of our "star" is a badge of honor we may all properly be proud of.

To the patient, able, and judicious efforts of the commander of the

