
New York Volunteers, assistant inspector-general of this brigade, and of Lieutenants [John H.] Knipe and [Darius S.] Gilger, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, my acting aides-de-camp. They were ever by my side, ready to perform any and every duty required of them.

In referring to the members of my staff, I regret I cannot speak favorably of Captain Judd, of the Twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, my acting assistant adjutant-general. This officer was never to be found where there was danger, and were it not that his term of service expires within a day or two (his regiment having been sent to the rear to-day), I would ask that he be dismissed the service in disgrace for cowardice.

I herewith forward the reports of the regimental commanders of the First and Second Brigades, with lists of casualties attached.

The number of killed, wounded, and missing in the two brigades amounts to 949.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st and 2nd Brigades, 1st Div., 12th A. U.

Lieutenant S. E. PITTMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 262. Report of Major David F. Lane, Fifth Connecticut Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your examination the following report of the movements of the Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the recent engagement near Chancellorsville or Fredericksburg Cross-Roads, Va.:

On the afternoon of Thursday, April 30, the regiment arrived and encamped in a piece of woods near the above-mentioned place, on the left of the Plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Gordonsville, fronting in a northerly direction. Being myself brigade field officer of the day, was ordered by General Knipe, commanding the First Brigade, to take a portion of the regiment and establish a picket line, which I did, taking for the purpose the left wing of the regiment.

During the forenoon of Friday, May 1, the brigade was ordered to take a position in a southwesterly direction from the hotel. The right wing of the regiment, under Colonel Packer, proceeded with the brigade. Soon after, I was ordered by the general officer of the day to draw in the pickets and join the brigade, which I was proceeding to do when I was ordered by an aide-de-camp of the general commanding the brigade to support Knap's battery, and, in compliance with that order, I remained with the said battery until ordered to rejoin my regiment at its former encampment.

We remained in the same position until the afternoon of the next day (Saturday, May 2), when our regiment, with the remainder of the brigade, was ordered to the left of and outside our intrenchments. After advancing through the fields about half a mile, we were formed in line of battle, and our regiment, being on the right of the brigade,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

