
all the resistance possible. Three men wounded, 1 dangerously. The attacking party retreated toward Selecman's Ford. I have sent two companies in pursuit. I am under the impression it was a guerrilla force, led by citizens who will be re-enforced on the opposite side of the stream. I know nothing of the force on the other side. Had a scouting party there yesterday; could discover nothing of the enemy. I am in doubt about crossing, and if we do will move cautiously. Companies B, F, and L were on duty here, most of which have been captured. We must be re-enforced, if possible, to-day, in order to re-establish safely our picket lines.

Your obedient servant,

WM. P. BRINTON,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel R. BUTLER PRICE.

7.45 A. M.

The enemy have crossed at Selecman's Ford.
HEADQUARTERS PICKET RESERVE,Mrs. Violett's Farm, near Occoquan, Va., March 22, 1863.

COLONEL: Immediately after writing the dispatch upon my arrival here, I crossed Selecman's Ford with about 100 men, and followed the trail of the rebels to near Maple Valley, about 5 miles south of Occoquan stream. Finding that they were at least two hours in advance of us, and our horses being jaded, I thought it imprudent to go farther. I,however sent Lieutenant Edwin Mattson, with 10 good men, to endeavor to find out where they are encamped. My impression is that they have gone to Brentsville. We have not lost more than 15 men in all, 3 of whom are wounded. We have 1 prisoner badly wounded, supposed to be an officer. There were 27 men of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry and the balance citizens. I have established the regular picket line and increased the reserve at this place. I will make a full report this evening.

Your obedient servant,

WM. P. BRINTON,

Captain Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Colonel R. BUTLER PRICE,

Commanding Cavalry South of Potomac, Dept. of Washington.

ACCOTINK, VA., March 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report:

On Sunday, the 22nd instant, 3 a.m., the reserve of our Occoquan picket, consisting of 25 men, stationed on the Telegraph road, at Mrs. Violett's and commanded by Lieutenant Clement R. See, Company F, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, was attacked by a force of the enemy's cavalry, together with citizens, numbering in all from 60 to 80 men. The enemy did not cross Occoquan stream at any of the regular fords, but between two of our picket posts, at a point where they could not be seen from either. They secreted their horses in the woods, and came stealthily, dismounted and surrounded the reserve. The sentinel on post challenged the advance in the usual manner, and receiving an evasive answer, fired immediately and wounded dangerously the leader of the

