
was ordered to throw forward a line of skirmishers. From this point we advanced a few hundred yards, when our skirmishers drew the enemy's fire. We still advanced, our skirmishers firing on the enemy, when they were ordered to lie down, and the regiment delivered a few volleys. The skirmishers were then called in, and the regiment ordered by General Knipe to retire.

As we were complying with this order, we were ordered to move at a double-quick, and as our way was through thick pine shrubbery and it being nearly dark, we became confused. As we arrived near our intrenchments, we were suddenly fired upon, which completed the disorder. We were scattered in confusion, and, upon entering our intrenchments, found them in possession of the enemy.

It was at this time that our colonel was first missed, and the command devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Betts. I here became separated from the regiment. After endeavoring for some time to find it, I engaged in forming a line of the scattered forces. Soon after, I retired to the rear of the woods, and found the regiment formed in line on the left of the Excelsior Brigade. In this position we remained until relieved by the Second Brigade, when we fell back a few yards, where we remained until morning.

Soon after taking this position, Lieutenant-Colonel Betts, being sick, left me in command. From this position I was ordered to retire by the commanding officer of other troops, who wished to form a line upon the ground I occupied. I then fell back to the hillside, immediately under our batteries, where I lay for some time exposed to a severe fire of musketry. When the lines were broken in front, the men retired some time, when we moved inside along the line of the intrenchments toward the river.

The few men I had with me being out of rations and very much exhausted, and hearing that the rest of the regiment was at the ford, I proceeded to the river, and was placed on duty by Brigadier-General Patrick, provost-marshal-general, under whose command I remained until our forces retired across the river, when I was relieved and ordered to rejoin the brigade, which I did on the road between United States Ford and Stafford Court House during the forenoon of Wednesday, May 6. Accompanying please find a list of casualties which occurred in this regiment.*

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. LANE,

Major, Commanding Fifth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 263. Report of Adjt. William A. Daniels, Fifth Connecticut Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the movements of this regiment from the time of leaving camp, on April 27, until our return, May 6, together with a list of casualties. For con-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

