
venience, as well as to render the report more definite, it is submitted in the form of a diary of each day's events:

April 27.-The regiment, in common with the others comprising the Twelfth Corps, took up its line of march in the direction of the upper fords of the Rappahannock, having in the line 28 commmissioned officers, with 330 enlisted men bearing arms. The first day passed without incident unusual to ordinary marches, without the least straggling, although the weather was of that close, peculiar kind which is remarkably exhausting to the physical powers. At sunset, having reached Hartwood Church, 12 miles from our starting-point, the regiment bivouacked for the night, surrounded by the balance of our own corps, together with portions of the Eleventh and Fifth.

April 28.-Left Hartwood Church, and moved up to within half a mile of the Rappahannock River, again bivouacking, and remaining until daylight.

April 29.-Again took up the line of march, the Twelfth Corps being in advance, led by the Third Brigade, First Division, after which came the First Brigade, of which the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers formed a part, closely followed by the remainder of the corps. Upon arriving within about a mile of the Rapidan River, a skirmish took place between a portion of our cavalry advance and the enemy's pickets, resulting in the capture of several prisoners by our forces. At the ford of the Rapidan there were discovered a number of artisans engaged in rebuilding the destroyed bridge, and protected by two companies of a Louisiana regiment, the whole of whom were captured by the Third Brigade, with trifling loss upon either side. At the ford it was discovered that, owing to the depth of water and the absence of the bridge, it would be impossible to get the pack-mules conveying the ammunition across while burdened with their packs; upon which, Companies A and H, of this regiment, with alacrity commenced and completed the labor of unpacking and transporting the ammunition across by hand, which task they accomplished in about two hours. The command then crossed the river, and bivouacked in line of battle their stacked arms.

April 30.-The Twelfth Corps continued in advance, the Second Division holding the right. The day passed without noticeable incident, the corps arriving at night near Chancellorsville, Va., where we joined the Fifth Corps, which had advanced by a different route and captured in the neighborhood 300 prisoners. Line of battle was here formed, the Fifth acting as reserve to the rest of the brigade, the right of the line resting upon the Plank road upon which we had advanced, and facing to our late rear. In this position, a part of the regiment being on picket, we passed the night.

May 1.-Continued in position of previous night until 10 o'clock, when the division was ordered to the left in the direction of Fredericksburg, for the purpose of making a demonstration in order, it is supposed, to draw attention from the United States Ford, our brigade being thrown out in advance for the purpose of drawing the fire of the enemy. At this time, the left wing being engaged supporting a battery, the remainder of the Fifth held the right of the brigade. This object, drawing their fire, was accomplished, and the regiment lay under the fire of the enemy's batteries for two hours, but happily sheltered in a great degree from their fire by a fortunate peculiarity in the formation of the ground, which partially protected us. At the end of these two hours we retired to our original position, the commanding generals having accomplished the object in view. Here we passed the night.

