
May 2.-The forenoon was devoted to an artillery duel between our batteries upon the left and those of the enemy upon the right. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, our corps was ordered out from the barricades, which had been constructed the previous night, to engage the enemy upon the left of our corps line. Before meeting the enemy, we moved about 1 1/2 miles to the left, there forming line of battle, the Fifth Connecticut taking the right of our division and forming part of the first line of battle, Company H, under Captain Daboll, being thrown forward as skirmishers. These having drawn the fire of the enemy, a rapid exchange of shots ensued until within about 50 yards of the enemy's line, when, the skirmishers being ordered to lie down, the regiment received orders to commence firing, which it did, alternating front and rear rank with good effect. After about a quarters of an hour's engagement, the entire line received orders to fall, firing as they moved, which was done in good order, the men conducting themselves with the most perfect coolness and regard for discipline, our regiment in the meantime performing the difficult feat or maneuver of doubling on center. After moving to the rear about 200 yards, the entire brigade was ordered to move at double-quick in the direction of the intrenchments formerly occupied. Upon arriving within 200 yards of our barricades, we received a tremendous volley of musketry from the enemy, who had succeeded in obtaining possession of them in our absence through the retreat of the Eleventh Corps, which had occupied a position upon the right of our intrenchments. It was at this juncture, while endeavoring to restore order and rally his command-which had unavoidably been thrown into some confusion by the mass of fugitives from the Eleventh Corps-that Colonel Parker was taken prisoner. At this time it was quite dark and difficult to distinguish objects at a distance. General Knipe finally succeeded in rallying a portion of the brigade, advanced upon and took the intrenchments, but was forced to withdraw, owing to the overwhelming force of the enemy. During this confusion it is supposed that the following-named officers were made prisoners, having been missing since, viz: Captain Doyle, Lieutenants Reily, Purrington, Hyatt, and Burns. The brigade was again formed, and our regiment, again upon the right, took up position some 600 yards in rear of the intrenchments, holding it under heavy fire at intervals during the night.

May 3.-The enemy having ceased firing, we fell back some 200 yards, and there halted for a short rest, having been relieved by the Twentieth Connecticut. At about daylight, the regiment was advanced tot he last position, where the enemy was again engaged, and the fight continued until 10 o'clock in the forenoon, the engagement being general along the entire line. The brigade was then ordered to the rear of our batteries, and, at about 2 o'clock, the regiment was ordered to the Rappahannock, arriving at the United States Ford at 4 p. m. We crossed the river and were placed on provost duty by General Patrick, provost-marshal general, and were thus employed until the morning of May 6, when we were ordered to our old camp at Stafford Court-House, where we arrived at nightfall the same day, in the midst of a drenching rain.

It was during the engagement of May 3 that Captain George S. Benton, of Company F, was killed. Having been connected with the regiment from its formation, he early won the respect and esteem of the entire command, without distinction as to rank or position. Ever prompt to answer the call of duty, falling at his post upon the field of battle, none of her sons have left a more honorable record as a legacy to his friends and native State than has George S. Benton.

