
advance of the regiment, while those in the rear retreated to the hill in rear. Major Strous was wounded at this time.

A new line was formed, and we again advanced to the intrenchments, finding them vacant, but had scarcely taken possession when a murderous fire from the rear told us but too plainly we had been flanked. We were again forced to retire, rallying at the brick house known as the headquarters of General Hooker, when Lieutenant-Colonel Betts, of the Fifth Connecticut, took command, and moved us to the front, where we remained until 2 a. m., when we were relieved by the Second Brigade.

About 6 o'clock, the Fifth Connecticut and Forty-sixth [Pennsylvania], and part of the One hundred and twenty-eighth [Pennsylvania], moved to the United States Ford, Lieutenant-Colonel Betts, as we supposed, having been ordered to do so. On arriving at the fores, General Patrick ordered all belonging to the Twelfth Corps to form and cross the river, where he placed us as guard over the prisoners captured from the enemy. During the afternoon we received an ordered to recross the river, but waited for an order from Colonel Betts.

On the morning of the 4th, Lieutenant Knipe, aide-de-camp, again ordered us to cross the river, and we moved by his direction, but were ordered back by Major Lane, of the Fifth Connecticut, who produced a letter from General Patrick to General Slocum, which stated that he had us on duty, and General Slocum's reply, which said, "Keep them, if useful."

During the afternoon we were relieved from duty and recrossed the river, joining the brigade the next morning, and remaining with it until it fell back, non the morning of the 6th.

The loss of the regiment during these operations was as follows:

Officers and men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

Officers	 1	 3	 6	 10

Enlisted men	 1	 13	 75	 89

Total	 2	 16	 81	 99

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. WITMAN,

Captain Co. D, 46th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Regiment

Captain A. B. JUDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 266. Report of Major Cephus W. Dyer, One hundred and twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders just received from General Knipe, I have the honor to offer the following report:

On the morning of April 27, the One hundred and twenty-eighth

