
Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers left camp, near Stafford Court-House, Va., fully equipped, well clad, and in excellent spirits. Two days afterward it crossed the Rappahannock, near Kelly's Ford, and continued its march, without obstruction or difficulty of any kind, until its arrival in the neighborhood of Chancellorsville, on the afternoon of Thursday, April 30.

About noon on Friday, May 1, the regiment was ordered out of camp, marched about 2 miles, and placed for one hour under a brisk cannonading from several rebel batteries.

After returning to camp, the left wing was ordered out on picket duty during the night.

On the following day, it was employed in throwing up strong breastworks in front of the camp. Toward evening, the regiment was ordered out without knapsacks, and a severe battle ensued, continuing until late at night. Our loss in this engagement was considerable.

At daylight next morning, the battle was renewed, and our regiment remained under fire until relieved, about 9 a. m. It then crossed the river at the United States Ford, where the brigade was reorganized, and ordered to the front next day. Here the men, though greatly fatigued, were made to work on fortifications all night and a part of the next day.

On Wednesday, May 6, the regiment recrossed the river with the whole army.

In all the engagements and extreme fatigue the men behaved bravely, and performed all their duties without murmuring or complaint. Within our knowledge there was not a single instance of skulking or rank cowardice. Their conduct was highly commendable, well sustaining the high reputation gained at Antietam.

Our total loss was severe, amounting in all to 225 officers and men.* Among them we with deep regret report our colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and 9 of the line officers. Most of the missing are supposed to be taken prisoners.

The regiment returned to Stafford Court-House greatly fatigued, stripped of clothing, with arms and accouterments, ammunition, &amp;c., much damaged by the inclemency of the weather, and many of them sick from continued exposure.

C. W. DYER,

Major One hundred and twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain A. B. JUDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 267. Report of Colonel Samuel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

IN PRIVATE HOSPITAL,

Washington, D. C., May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my (Second) brigade, General Williams' (First) division, General Slocum's (Twelfth) corps, at Chancellorsville up to the time I was

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

