
wounded by the fragment of a shell on Sunday, May 3, about 8 a. m., and carried from the field:

My brigade-composed of the Third Maryland Volunteers, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, and the One hundred and twenty-third and One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers-was posted in line of battle on the evening of April 30 in the following order: My left commencing on the right of General Geary's division, with my right extending to General Ruger's brigade. The One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers on the right, next the One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers, and the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers on the left. The Third Maryland Volunteers was held in reserve. The two left regiments occupied wooded ground, and extended to the open the first-named regiment occupying the wooded ground from this open space to General Ruger's brigade.

The regiments in line immediately built temporary breastworks by felling trees, &amp;c., which were subsequently imported so as to afford very good protection.

In the movements of Friday morning, May 1, on the enemy, my brigade was the reserve of the division and was not engaged, although under the fire of the enemy's artillery. The brigade performed the exact duty assigned to it by the orders of General Williams.

On returning to my former position, in pursuance of orders from General Williams, the one hundred and twenty-third Regiment New York Volunteers was advanced in front of our lines to feel the enemy, to send out scouts and pickets, and to hold the position on the high ground near a small house until compelled to fall back.

In the meantime the Third Maryland Volunteers was detached to support an artillery battery.

Very soon the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers became hotly engaged with the enemy, who appeared in force, driving in the scouts and pickets. Overwhelmed by superior numbers, and nearly surrounded, this regiment gallantly maintained its ground until ordered to fall back, when it retired at about sundown in good order.

Lieutenant-Colonel Norton fell, severely wounded, while bravely discharging his duty.

The loss of the day, as verbally reported, was 2 killed and 8 wounded. The line of battle of Friday night was as follows:

