
the river, and dividing again it two, one portion went along the river near enough to Rappahannock Station to discover distinctly a large pontoon bridge nearly furnished (the prisoner says it was finished two days ago). They met a party of some 50 cavalry, chasched them, dismounted some of them, capturing their horses and saddles and a rebel cavalryman belonging to the Fourth North Carolina. When the party arrived rear the river, a sharp fire was opened upon them from rifle-pits on the opposite side, which was returned by our men, who had 3 horses killed. We made 1 prisoners and captured 4 horses.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding Grand Reserve Division.

FEBRUARY 5-7, 1863.-Operations at Rappahannock Bridge and Grove Church, Va.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Arm, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Gershon Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with orders received from the headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated the 4th instant, requiring the sending of a cavalry force, supported by infantry, to the Rappahannock River, where the Orange and Alexandria crosses it, for the purpose of destroying the railroad brigade, I detailed three regiments of cavalry, under the command of Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a battery of artillery, to execute the work required, and detailed the Second Division, Third Corps, commanded by Brigadier General J. B. Carr, as the supporting force.

Notwithstanding it was late in the afternoon and evening of the 4th instant when the necessary instructions in detail were given, and the occurrence on the morning of the 5th a violent snow storm, both commanders were en route in the morning, and the expedition successfully accomplished. All the discretionary orders to return were sent to Colonel McIntosh on the evening of the 5th instant.

I submit herewith the reports of Colonel McIntosh + and General Carr,+ giving the details of the expedition, and have to express my since of the energy and promptitude of these officer sand their commanders, who,

---------------

* For orders, etc., relating to these operations, see " Correspondence, etc.," Part II, under date of February 4, 5, and 6.

+ Not found.

---------------

