
The following regimental commanders I desire to mention for coolness and bravery throughout these incidents: Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, Third Maryland Volunteers and Colonel McDougall, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers.

The staff officers of the brigade, one and all, rendered me every assistance and promptly performed their duties without regard to dangers. I desire to mention them, viz: Captain Shannon, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Beardsley, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant inspector general; Lieutenant Robinson, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. ROSS,

Colonel 20th Conn. Vols., Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 12th A. C.

Captain S. E. PITMANN,

A. A. A. G., General Williams' Div., General Slocum's Corps.

Numbers 268. Report of Major Philo B. Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 27th ultimo, together with a detailed account of casualties:

By orders received from brigade headquarters, the regiment formed under the command of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Wooster (Colonel Samuel Ross being absent from the regiment and in command of the Second Brigade as acting brigadier), with the other regiments comprising the Second Brigade, at 6 a. m. on the 27th ultimo, in front of the division headquarters, and soon after took up its line of march for Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, and encamped for the night near Hartwood Church.

Two commissioned officers, 4 non-commissioned officers, and 42 men were sent out on picket, and at 6 a. m. resumed the line of march, and at 4 p. m. of Tuesday again encamped some 2 1/2 miles from Kelly's Ford.

At 5 a. m. again took up the line of march, and crossed Kelly's Ford, and, after short delay, took the road toward Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River, which was crossed, and the regiment encamped near the river for the night.

At 8 a. m. of Thursday, the regiment resumed the march, and arrived at Chancellorsville at about 3 p. m., when the regiment was placed in position, occupying an eminence in the woods on the right of the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps, commanded by General Geary, and forming a line with his division and the One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers, which was in position on our immediate right.

On Friday, May 1, the regiment, with other forces,l was ordered on a reconnaissance on the road leading to Fredericksburg, when it was formed, with the other regiments composing the Second Brigade, as a reserve in the rear of the First and Third Brigades of the First Division, Twelfth Corps, and in this position advanced under the fire of shell

