
from the batteries of the enemy, behaving with coolness and steadiness, though for the first time under fire, until ordered to retire with the other troops to the position occupied before the advance.

On Saturday, at about 5 p. m., the regiment advanced under orders, with other troops, through the woods in our immediate front, as a part of the second line, and was again under fire of shell from the enemy's batteries. At about sunset orders were received from the general commanding the division to retire slowly through the woods, and again occupy our original position behind a breastwork which had been erected by this regiment as a protection and to strengthen our position in case of attack. The breastworks were reoccupied, and Company G was thrown out in our immediate front as a picket, and during the night exchanged a few shots with the skirmishers of the enemy, but without loss on our part. Both officers and men manifested a determination to hold the position should an attack be made upon this portion of the general line, which was momentarily expected, as the enemy had driven in the extreme right of our line held by the Eleventh Corps and were making a murderous attack upon the center of our position, which was but a short distance to the right of the portion of the line held by this regiment.

On Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, the enemy appeared in force near the point of attack on the evening previous. The action soon became general, and extended along the left of the line until it reached the point occupied by the Twentieth Connecticut. The officers and men waited with great coolness the approach of the enemy, who came up yelling like fiends until they arrived in a ravine about 20 rods from the front of the regiment, when the men rose and discharged their pieces in a well-aimed volley, which covered the ground with the killed and wounded of the enemy and caused them to fall back in disorder. They again rallied, and advanced under cover of a battery of artillery-the fire from which enfiladed the breastwork occupied by this regiment-up to, and some few rushed over, the works, and were either shot down or taken prisoners by our men.

After maintaining its position for nearly five hours, and finding that the enemy had already drive our forces back both on the right and on the left, and that the entire regiment was in danger of being surrounded and captured, Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster reluctantly gave the order to retire, which order was executed in some disorder, but the men rallied and reformed under the direction of the remaining officers some half a mile in the rear of the first position. It was behind the barricade and during the time the regiment was falling back through the woods that our entire loss occurred. The men, after leaving the barricades, were subjected not only to the fire of shot and shell from the enemy's artillery, but to a cross-fire of infantry. It was then that Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, who had through the whole action manifested the utmost coolness and bravery, was seen to fall, as was supposed, wounded, and was, without doubt, taken prisoner by the enemy.

Second Lieutenant David P. Griffiths, of Company F, was killed in the intrenchments by a musket-ball in the forehead, and fell with his sword in his hand, a pattern of determined courage and bravery.

Captain Charles J. Arms was also slightly wounded in the head and had a narrow escape from death, and also received another bullet through the sleeve of this coat. His conduct both during the action and retreat is deserving of especial mention.

Captain Ezra D. Dickerman was also wounded, in the intrenchments, and was supported off the field in the early part of the engagement.

