
Second Lieutenant George W. Sherman, of Company C, received a wound in his hand in the early part of the action, and was compelled to retire.

Captain Wilbur W. Smith, of Company C, is supposed to have been wounded and taken prisoner, although it is not certain he was wounded. He was last seen in the woods when the regiment was retiring.

Captain Henry C. Pardee, of Company F, is supposed to have been taken prisoner. He was last seen at the barricades.

First Lieutenant Andrew Upson, of Company E, was last seen at the barricades, and is supposed to be a prisoner.

The officers who were wounded or taken prisoners behaved with great gallantry, and deserve commendation; and, in fact, there was not an officer of the regiment but might be mentioned as deserving credit for good conduct.

Sergt. Major John S. Root was killed by a shell at the barricades in the early part of the action, and was noted for his coolness and courage.

Asst. Surg. Daniel Lee Jewett was taken prisoner.

During the action the regiment took a captain and some 30 to 40 prisoners, but was compelled to relinquish them on retiring from the contest. The regiment lost 11 killed, 59 wounded, and 98 missing.

During the succeeding days it can be said that the officers and men performed their full share of all duties assigned them both with alacrity and cheerfulness, whether the duty consisted in building barricades or standing night and day behind them watching and waiting for the attack of the enemy.

After the engagement of Sunday, the 3rd instant, Captain Sanford E. Chafee was in command of the regiment, being senior officer present, Major P. B. Buckingham having received some time prior to this the appointment of acting assistant inspector-general of the First Division, Twelfth Corps, and been transferred to the staff of the general commanding the same, until Tuesday, the 5th instant, when Major Buckingham was temporarily relieved from duty as staff officer and ordered to take command of the same.

On Wednesday morning the regiment, with all the command, recrossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and returned to its former encampment near Stafford Court-House.

A detailed statement of the killed, wounded, and missing is subjoined hereto.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

PHILO B. BUCKINGHAM,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain A. B. JUDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 269. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gilbert P. Robinson, Third Maryland Infantry.

KANE'S LANDING, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Third Maryland Volunteers struck camp on the morning of April 27, to take part in the active operations against the enemy on the south side of the Rappahannock, which

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

