
was crossed at Kelly's Ford on the morning of the 29th, without meeting any force of the enemy, arriving at the Rapidan on the evening of the same day, where we met a small force of them building a bridge, but took no active part in their capture.

We encamped on the south side of the Rapidan, and struck camp on the morning of the 30th, and arrived at Chancellorsville on the same evening. Took part in the reconnaissance of the 1st, but were not engaged with the enemy; supported a battery, or rather a section. On the same evening had 4 men wounded with pieces of shell. Retired to our camp, and strengthened it by abatis and breastworks.

Advanced on the evening of May 2, with the rest of the Second Brigade, to support the Third Brigade. Was under fire, but did not lose any men; retired to our old camp about 8 o'clock, and were again under infantry fire. Kept our position until 11 o'clock, when I was ordered to relieve a regiment of the Third Corps on the Orange road, which place I held until 8 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, the former in our front and the latter on the front and flank. I was forced rom my position by superior numbers, but retired in good order to the rear.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing amounts to 84 enlisted men and 3 officers.*

I would also state that my regiment, being composed of a good many new men, stood the fire well, and that all the officers I took into the field behaved nobly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Maryland Vols.

Brigadier-General KNIPE,

Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 12th Army Corps.

Numbers 270. Report of Colonel Archibald L. McDougall, One hundred and twenty-third New York Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, on the morning of April 27, at daybreak, my regiment formed upon the Telegraph road, near Stafford Court-House, and, in obedience to orders, accompanied by the troops of the corps, marched on the Warrenton road, and halted for the night about half a mile from Hartwood Church.

On the 28th, the march was continued, halting for the night about 1 1\2 miles east of Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock.

On the 29th, we crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford on pontoon bridges, and thence to Germanna [Mills], upon the Rapidan, reaching the river about 3 p. m. At this place the rebels, who were building a bridge, had been surprised by our advance and a number taken prisoners. There being no bridge, the troops in advance of my command forded the stream, water rising to their waists, and being so rapid that some were carried down the stream, imperiling their lives. An attempt

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

