
of us when we ceased. This regiment claims that it was the last to leave this awful line of fire.

Our loss was 1 officer and 12 men killed, 4 officers and 83 men wounded, and 20 men missing.*

On the 4th and 5th, we aided in guarding Banks' Ford, and on the 6th we recrossed the Rappahannock and returned to Camp Williams. near Stafford Court-House, Va.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. L. McDOUGALL,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and twenty-third New York Vols.

Captain A. B. JUDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 271. Report of Major George W. Reid, One hundred and forty-fifth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 10, 1863.

SIR: This regiment, commanded by Colonel E. Livingston Price, started from camp near Stafford Court-House, Va., April 27. After several days' marching, we joined the main body of the army near the Rappahannock, at a place called Kelly's Ford. We marched from thence without any particular molestation until we reached Chancellorsville, where we encamped May 1, and by order commenced throwing up breastworks and digging rifle-pits. Our position at this time was about the center of the Twelfth Corps which occupied the right flank of the army. Our brigade was commanded by Colonel Ross, acting brigadier in the division under General Ruger.

On Friday, May 1, we participated in the feint which result in the capture of the United States Ford, and on the afternoon of the same day about 60 of our men were skirmishing with the enemy in front of the rifle-pits.

On Saturday, May 2, we advanced from our fortifications to attack the enemy's left, where our colonel was wounded and went to the rear, when the command devolved upon Major George W. Reid. We finally were ordered to return again to our intrenchments. During the night we lay very much exposed to the artillery practice, which was terrific from both sides, for two hours.

On Sunday, May 3, we were again attacked by the enemy in overpowering numbers, and obliged to retire to the woods, but rallied and again attempted to hold our former position, but the fire being severe, and the regiments on our flank breaking in disorder, by orders we fell back to the brick house and again rallied. We afterward joined the brigade commanded by General Knipe, when we were placed in position on the left, nearest the United States Ford, and remained there until orders were received requiring every regiment to return to its respective camp.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. W. REID,

Major, Commanding 145th Regiment New York Vols.

Captain A. B. JUDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

