
command, and was attacked first, and soon after the attack extended to my brigade and the rest of the division. Whether unable to hold their position, or ordered to retire, I have no information; but the troops on the hill to my left yielded to the enemy, a portion of them coming through our lines. The possession of that point by the enemy was most unfortunate, as it enabled them to enfilade our line and that of General Geary. The attack on the left of your division and right of General Geary's was most persistent; but their infantry was repulsed, their artillery still maintaining its position. The first line of the enemy which attacked my brigade was easily driven back by the superiority of our fire, notwithstanding their assistance from the flank fire from the left, which was sufficiently severe to be annoying. The brigade advanced, Colonel Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana, protecting the left flank by occupying the breastworks, according to orders previously given by me. On the repulse of their first line, the enemy brought up fresh troops.

In the meantime the One hundred and seventh New York and Thirteenth New Jersey were moved forward to fill up intervals which existed between my brigade and General Knipe's brigade, on the right, and in my own line. The brigade forced back the second line of the enemy, who now threw in fresh troops. The brigade had now been engaged about two hours under a heavy fire, had suffered severely, and was nearly out of ammunition.

This new assault of the enemy was checked, and in part by the bayonet. Report was sent to you that our ammunition was exhausted. I received orders to prepare to withdraw. Troops from General Sickles' command had moved forward to relieve us. I then ordered the withdrawal of the brigade, and moved to the rear in good order. On passing over the open ground to the left of our batteries at Fairview, the brigade was under a galling fire from the enemy's battery, on the hill to the left. I formed line, under your orders, near the rifle-pits at the brick house; afterward moved, under your orders, down the road toward the United States Ford, halting a shot distance from the brick house, called "the mansion," at Chancellorsville, at which place of halting the ammunition was replenished. The brigade moved soon after, with the rest of the division, under your order, to its position in the second line, on the left of the road from the United States Ford to Chancellorsville. Remaining in this position until evening, the brigade moved with the division to the left of the line of intrenchments, relieving a portion of General Schurz's command on the extreme left of the line, in which position it remained until the army recrossed the Rappahannock on the morning of May 6, the brigade bringing up the rear of the corps, the Third Wisconsin, Colonel Hawley, forming the rear guard. After crossing the river, the brigade marched to its present camp, arriving about 7 o'clock in the evening of the same day.

The regiments of my brigade, particularly the Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, and twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, fought with great steadiness and bravery. The One hundred and seventh New York and Thirteenth New Jersey fought well, emulating the conduct of the older and more experienced regiments.

Colonel colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana; Colonel Quincy, Second Massachusetts; Colonel Hawley, Third Wisconsin; Colonel Diven, One hundred and seventh New York, and Major Grimes, Thirteenth New Jersey, displayed great bravery and handled their regiments with skill. Colonel Colgrove was, as on former occasions, conspicuous for courage and determination, and, although severely wounded, remained in com-

