
gate and Cub Run there is a strip of woods about half a mile wide through which the road runs. Within the woods, and about a quarter of a mile apart are two barricades of fallen trees: our troops pursued the enemy between these barricades. Behind the latter some of the enemy were concealed. The heard of the column was here stopped by a fire of carbines and pistols, and also by a fire upon the flank from the woods. The column broke and was pursued by the enemy 1 1\2 miles. It was then rallied by the exertions of Majors Bacon and White. Captains McGuinn and Hasbrouck, when they heard of the alarm,proceeded on a gallop from Frying Pan, and joining Major White's command, pursued the enemy for 8 miles. Night coming on, and the enemy being more numerous than we were, and our horses exhausted, the column halted and returned to Chantilly. The line of pickets is now re-established.

Our loss is, killed, Corporal [Charles] Gilleo, Company H, Fifth New York Cavalry; James Doyle, Company C; John Harris, Company K. Mortally wounded, Sergeant [William] Leahey, Company C. Lieutenant Merritt taken prisoner.

I have ordered returns to be sent in at once, but as the line of picket is very extensive, I will not be able to give you the list of prisoners and missing for some hours.

ROBT. JOHNSTONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel R. BUTLER PRICE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 26, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 25th [23d?] instant Captain John S. Mosby attacked and routed a body of the enemy's cavalry on the Little River turnpike, near Chantilly. He reports 10 killed and wounded, and a lieutenant and 30 men, with their horses, arms, and equipments captured. He sustained no loss.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John S. Mosby, Virginia Cavalry, including operations March 16-April 1.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA., April 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry under my command since rendering my last report:

On Monday, March 16, I proceeded down the Little River pike to capture two outposts of the enemy, each numbering 60 or 70 men. I did not succeed in gaining their rear, as I expected and only captured

