
mand of his regiment until it recrossed the river. Major Grimes, commanding Thirteenth New Jersey, was wounded early in the action. Captain Beardsley, on whom the command of the regiment devolved, displayed courage and faithfulness.

Among field officers who showed good conduct, I take pleasure in mentioning Lieutenant-Colonel Cogswell, Second Massachusetts, severely wounded; Major Mudge, Second Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Fesler and Major Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana, and Major Flood, Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Of my own staff, Captain [Henry B.] Scott, assistant adjutant-general; Captain [Charles] Wheaton [jr.], commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant [William M.] Snow, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant [James E.] Crane, aide-de-camp, did their duty bravely and faithfully. Captain Scott displayed great bravery, activity, and much ability for so young a man. He was severely wounded, and only left the field under my orders when I saw he could not remain longer, and needed assistance to be helped to the rear.

The brigade came out of the action without demoralization, and with a conviction that, if a victory was not gained by the army, it was superior to the troops immediately opposed to it.

I respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders, herewith forwarded, and by which it appears that the loss in my brigade was as follows:

Officers	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

and men.

Commissioned	 6	 31 	..........	 37

officers.

Enlisted	 74 	 435 	 67	 576

men.

Total*.	 80	 466	 67	 613

Quite a large number of prisoners were taken by the brigade, but as they were passed immediately to the rear, I cannot give the number with certainty. On one occasion-on advance of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers to the breastworks-a large number, estimated by Colonel Colgrove at 150, surrendered; they had become entangled in the abatis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS, Commanding Division.

Numbers 273. Report of Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,May 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., on the night of the 2nd, and Sunday, May 3:

On Saturday evening, after the reconnaissance made by the Third

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

