
assistant adjutant-general, indicated to Colonel Colgrove the position he wished him to take in line of battle, being the left of the brigade.

About the time the line was formed, a line officer of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Regiment came to the colonel with about 200 men, and requested him to take charge of them, which he did, and had them formed on the left of our regiment. They remained with our regiment during the night and through the fight the next day, and fought bravely. There was occasional firing on the right of our regiment during the night, but, with the exception of a few stray shots, there was none in our front.

Shortly after sunrise on Sunday morning, the enemy obtained possession of our breastworks on the right, and advanced on our line and opened fire. The colonel then gave the command, and the men went in, and the enemy soon found our fire so deadly that they were compelled to fall back and seek shelter behind the timbers. The colonel then moved our regiment out by the right flank, forming a line nearly at right angles with our breastworks, the left of our line resting against the breastworks, or nearly so. By this time, the enemy advanced on us with fresh troops, and the ball opened again. Our men stood firm, and fought bravely until they were about out of ammunition. The colonel then ordered a charge, which was made successfully, driving the enemy until we gained possession of the breastworks, and, having them in our abatis, they were soon thrown into confusion, our men all the time pouring in the most deadly fire. In a short time the Colonel ascertained that they were gaining our rear by the right, and ordered the regiment to fall back to the original line, which was done in good order. By this time our men were all our of ammunition, with a few exceptions. The enemy were still gaining our right, and our line giving way. The colonel then ordered our regiment to fall back, which was done in good order. During the engagement I think I can safely say we took 150 prisoners.

The officers and men of this regiment behaved well and fought manfully throughout the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. FESLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-Seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 275. Report of Colonel Samuel M. Quincy, Second Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,May 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent short campaign:

The regiment left camp at Stafford Court-House at sunrise on the morning of April [27], and marched on that day to near Hartwood Church. The next day the regiment, forming rear guard to the corps train, marched to near Kelly's Ford.

At daylight the next morning, the corps crossed the river and took the advance in the march toward Fredericksburg. The Third Brigade had the honor of leading that advance, the Third Wisconsin and Twenty-

