
seventh Indiana Regiments as skirmishers, followed by the Second Massachusetts, by the flank, in the road. At Germanna Mills, on the Rapidan, the cavalry at the head of the column was fired upon by about 100 of the enemy, who had taken position in and about houses on the opposite bank, to command the road as it approached the river.

The Second Massachusetts was here ordered forward, and deployed as skirmishers on the right of the road, advancing through a dense thicket to the river bank, when two companies at once opened fire on a cut in the road, where the enemy were posted, and upon the houses. A cut in the road, where the enemy were posted, and upon the houses. A fire being also obtained by the Third Wisconsin, on the left, the enemy surrendered and came across the river. The skirmishers of the Second Massachusetts, in approaching the river, surrounded a small house on the north bank, and took 30 of the enemy without a shot. The brigade then crossed the river and encamped. The next day, the column marched to Chancellorsville, the Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, and a section of Cothran's battery forming the rear guard.

In the demonstration of the following day upon the enemy's flank, the brigade left its position and advanced under a sharp fire of shell close to the enemy's line, but returned without an engagement.

On Saturday morning, the regiment was occupied in throwing up breastworks and abatis in front of its position. In the afternoon the division was ordered our (as was said) for the purpose of capturing wagons and prisoners from a train which had been cut by our artillery. The regiment advanced for a short distance into the woods in support of the Third Wisconsin, as skirmishers. A sharp musketry fire being heard in our rear, the division was ordered to return to its position, but it was soon found that, by the giving way of the Eleventh Corps, our lines had been broken, and that the enemy either flanked or occupied our line of intrenchments. Some confusion and panic at this point was promptly checked by the brigade being grown into line in the edge of the woods and by the brigade being thrown into line in the edge of the woods and by the active service of our artillery.

The corps of General Sickles made an attack during the night, and sharp fighting ensued, but our lines were not under fire, save by stray shots, until morning.

Soon after daylight the enemy advanced in force, and the regiment at once became hotly engaged. The regiment delivered its fire with the greatest steadiness and effect. Three times our lines advanced over the dead and wounded of the enemy, driving him back each time. the last time the colors of the regiment opposite ours (ascertained from prisoners to be the First South Carolina) were seen to fall; but as our ammunition was then exhausted, we could advance no father. We had now been engaged more than two hours; our last round of ammunition was gone. I sent messengers to the rear to ask for a supply, and we then fixed bayonets and waited. After some time, fresh troops arrived, and we were ordered to retire, which was done steadily and in order. In the field beyond the brick house the regiment was under a very hot fire of shell, grape, and round shot, one of the latter taking off the legs of two men while lying down. After marching a short distance on the road toward the ford, we were placed in position as support to the second line, where we remained until nightfall, when we were moved to the extreme left of the line, upon the river, and protecting the ford. Here we were in support of the Fifth [Third] Massachusetts Battery, Captain Martin, and here we remained until Tuesday night, strengthening our position, and in the utmost confidence of being able to repel any attack whatever.

On Tuesday night, orders came for a silent withdrawal. The artil-

