
lery, went and then, after standing in ranks all night, we were ordered back to the trenches, but had been there scarcely an hour when orders to cross were again received, which the enemy was pleased to allow us to do, without molestation, in broad day. After a very severe march, we arrived in our old camp at night.

I have the honor to inclose a duplicate list of killed and wounded.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. QUINCY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Massachusetts Volunteers.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 276. Report of Captain George A. Beardsley, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, as the commandant of the Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, that the regiment marched from its present encampment on the morning of April 27, under command of Colonel E. A. Caraman; that it marched to Channcellorsville via Hartwood Church, Kelly's Ford, and Germanna Mills.

At 11 o'clock on the morning of May 1, we were ordered forward into action, and formed in line of battle in the edge of a woods facing the enemy's position.

We were ordered to advance at 12.30 p. m., and, in crossing a fence, Colonel Carman was injured in some way so as to unfit him for duty, and the command of the regiment devolved upon Major John Grimes. After a slight skirmish, the regiment was withdrawn, and occupied their former position.

On Saturday, May 2, the regiment built a breastwork in front of their position.

At 4.30 p. m. we were ordered to relieve the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, then occupying a line of works on a hill in our front. The regiment remained in this place until part of the Eleventh Corps fell back from their position, and the shouts of the frightened stragglers and the rush of the retreating cavalry, who, in many instances, discharged their pistols, and shouted, "We are all cut to pieces; the rebels are coming," &amp;c.; also making many other demonstrations calculated to excite men. The regiment became panic-stricken and fell back. Every exertion was made to rally men, which was accomplished about dark.

During the panic, Major Grimes was slightly wounded by a pistol-shot in the thigh. The command of the regiment then devolved upon myself, and I formed the regiment in line in rear of the Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

At about 11 p. m. the enemy charged on the line directly in front of the regiment, part of which broke and retreated through our line, and that, added to be excitement of a few hours previous, caused them to break again, but they rallied in the course of ten or fifteen minutes.

The regiment then took its former position, where it remained until the morning of the 3rd instant, when the regiment occupying position in

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

