
front of the Thirteenth became engaged with the enemy. No signs of fear were displayed; but, on the contrary, every man was ready to do his duty.

At 6 a. m. I received orders from Captain Scott, assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, to relieve the Second Massachusetts Volunteers. The regiment moved forward and immediately engaged the enemy, advancing in good order at least 100 yards beyond the line held by the regiment on our right. Seeing the enemy attempting to turn our left flank, we fell back in line with the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, where we remained until relieved by a New York regiment, the number of which I did not learn.

Not a single man left the ranks during the action until wounded. The regiment retired in good order to the edge of the woods, where it was halted, intending to occupy our old position and await orders; but seeing two regiments of the Third Brigade retiring beyond the hill, we followed in good order until coming in range of the enemy's shells, when there was a little confusion. The regiment was soon in line, and retired, following the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers. I soon after joined the remainder of the brigade, having formed in rear of the Second Massachusetts. During the day the regiment moved with the brigade.

At night I was ordered to follow the Twenty-seventh Indiana, and about 11 p. m. occupied intrenchments on a hill near the United States Ford.

The regiment remained in this place until the morning of the 6th instant, when we recrossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford and moved to our present encampment.

Hoping that you will attribute any inefficiency to my lack of experience, and the suddenness with which I was called upon to command the regiment, rather than to a want of willingness on my part,

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

G. A. BEARDSLEY,

Captain, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 277. Report of Colonel Alexander S. Diven, One hundred and seventh New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 11, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 71, dated May 7, 1863, requiring regimental commanders to forward complete reports of the part taken by their respective commands during the operations of the last ten days, particularly in relation to the late battle, &amp;c., I have the honor to report that my regiment marched with the brigade on April 27, and continued to occupy the place assigned to it in the march, enduring the fatigue of the march with cheerful fortitude.

Captain Laman, Company G, who had but recently returned from the hospital, was quite unfit for so severe a march, and was obliged to leave at the Rappahannock crossing.

Sergeant-Major [Edwin G.] Fay was sick on starting, but insisted on

