
As I left him, I was directed by an orderly from General Ruger to change my position and to form on the left of the Second Massachusetts. Formed, as near as I could understand the orderly, in aline perpendicular to the breastwork toward the Plank road and behind the ridge to the left of my left. I gave the order to march by the left flank, and led the way. After advancing to near where I expected to find the Second Massachusetts, I found that but two companies were following me. Not finding the Second Massachusetts where I expected, I joined these companies with a line formed under orders of General Knipe, and went in pursuit of the rest of my regiment. I found much confusion, and my regiment broken in fragments, but by the assistance of Captain Scott, assistant adjutant-general to the brigade, I was enabled to get them in line, and we slept on our arms along the road skirting the wood, in rear of the Second Massachusetts and Twenty-seventh Indiana.

Early in the morning the Twenty-seventh Indiana and Second Massachusetts were hotly engaged. Soon Colonel Colgrove, of the Twenty-seventh Indiana, informed me that there was an interval between his right and the left of the Second Massachusetts sufficient for two of my companies. I broke off my three left companies and advanced them to this interval, forming them on the right of the Twenty-seventh Indiana.

It is with pride I testify to the alacrity with which these companies advanced into the fire of the enemy, and their coolness and bravery throughout.

After seeing these companies established, I returned to my regiment. The Twenty-seventh Indiana was now rapidly advancing its right, and swinging round toward the breastworks, opening another interval between it and the Second Massachusetts. An officer of the latter regiment suggested this to me, and I at once moved my regiment forward, forming it on the left of the Second Massachusetts and filling the interval, at first rather crowded for room. I instructed Captain Baldwin, commanding the right company, to conform to the movements of the Second Massachusetts, while I remained near the center, assisted by Captain Scott, assistant adjutant-general, on the left. To this gallant young officer I tender my warmest acknowledgment.

I had not seen my major since the evening before. I have since learned that he was wounded.

My lieutenant-colonel had left my on Saturday morning, saying he wanted to see Captain Rutter, who was mortally wounded, as before stated, and promising faithfully no to be gone over half an hour. I did not see him again until Tuesday. I had no adjutant, no sergeant-major. Seeing my situation, Captain Scott generously volunteered to aid me, and continued even after he was himself wounded and urge by me to retire. Captain Sill, of Company K, remained on the field encouraging his men after receiving a ball in his leg.

It is enough to say in praise of my officers and men that they stood shoulder to shoulder with the admirable old regiments of the Third Brigade. I could see no difference in the steadiness with which they received the fire of the enemy and delivered their own, or the order in which they advanced and retired in obedience to orders. They had no thought of defeat. They left when their ammunition was expended, expecting to be replaced with fresh troops and to return when their ammunition was replenished. From this [time] the movement of this regiment has nothing to distinguish it from the general movement of the brigade, except that after we had retired from the field last described

