
to the rear of the brick hospital, I was ordered by General Knipe to support the batteries formed in front of the building. I remained behind the brigade for this purpose a short time, when General Knipe informed me that he would not take the responsibility of detaining me. I then moved on down the road and joined the brigade, remaining with it, conforming to the movements of the other regiments.

In recrossing the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, I detailed, by order of one of General Hooker's staff, 100 men, under command of Captain Donnelly, of Company H, to demolish some works on the south side of the river. These men came forward with the Third Wisconsin, which constituted the rear guard of our corps on the retreat.

To my officers and men who stood by their post I tender my warmest commendation. It would be invidious to name individuals when al performed their duty.

I annex a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Colonel.

Lieutenant ROBERT T. DEHCERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 278. Report of Colonel William Hawley, Third Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations since April 27, ultimo:

Having crossed the Rappahannock on the morning of the 29th ultimo, your brigade being in advance and having met a body of the enemy, I was ordered by you, sir, to deploy, with my right resting on the road over which our column moved. Our cavalry in advance having dispersed the enemy, we advanced in line, with one company thrown forward as skirmishers; encountered no opposition until we approached the Rapidan, at Germanna Ford. Here a show of resistance was made. By your order, I deployed six companies of my regiment as skirmishers, right resting on the road. My left first reached the river; exchanged a few shots with the enemy, with no loss to us, but killing 1 and wounding 3 of the enemy.

Finding that he could not retreat from his position without exposure to a deadly fire from my skirmishers, the enemy surrendered, 1 captain and 23 men giving themselves up to me.

On the 1st instant, in the demonstration made by our forces upon the enemy's works near Chancellorsville, I deployed into line, throwing forward a company as skirmishers, but retired, by your order, before coming into actual contact with the enemy.

On the same day I saw ordered by you, sir, to take position as outpost or picket, covering your brigade. Scarcely had I gotten into position before the enemy approached in front, disclosing to my view three regiments and a battery of artillery. Hastily throwing up a breastwork of rails, I waited their attack, throwing forward skirmishers to apprise

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

