
My loss in killed, wounded, and missing, of which I herewith forward a list, is as follows:

Officers	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

and men.

Officers.	 2	 2 	...........	 4

Enlisted	 16 	 72 	 9	 97

men.

Total.	 18	 74	 9	 101

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HAWLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Regiment Wisconsin Vols.

Brigadier General THOMAS H. RUGER,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 279. Reports of Captain Robert H. Fitzhugh, First New York Artillery, commanding battery, and Chief of Artillery.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery K, First New York Artillery, in the late operations on the Rappahannock:

The battery crossed the river at United States Ford on Thursday, April 30, 1863, and early the next morning joined its division (First, of the Twelfth Corps) near Chancellorsville, Va. During the reconnaissance made by the Twelfth Corps on Friday, May 1, the battery was held in reserve, and remained unengaged until about 5 p. m. of Saturday, May 2, when the enemy, having driven in the Eleventh Corps, Captain Best, chief of artillery, Twelfth Corps, directed me to come into position south of the Plank road, and about 500 yards in rear of the line held by Generals Williams an Berry. Soon after, Lieutenant F. B. Crosby, with four pieces of battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, took position on my right, and Lieutenant C. E. Winegar, commanding Battery M, First New York Artillery, on my left, joined, at about 6 p. m., by Battery D, First New York Artillery, and forming, with other batteries of the Third and Twelfth Corps, a line of thirty-four pieces. From this position I fired, during the fighting of Saturday night, 56 rounds, chiefly of Hotchkiss shell, at 1 3\4 degrees elevation, with 2 1\2 second fuse, directing the fire against a body of the enemy occupying the Plank road and the woods in front of General Berry's line. They were thrown into great confusion by the fire of the batteries, and their advance was checked for the night.

At about 4.30 a. m., Sunday, May 3, I was ordered by Captain Best to send one section to strengthen General Geary's line, and the other to General Meade's-Lieutenant Bailey joining General Meade, and Lieutenant Davis General Geary.

46 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

