
were worked very carefully, and not a shot was thrown away. The total expenditure of ammunition was 195 rounds.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT H. FITZHUGH,

Captain First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Commanding First New York Artillery.

Casualties in Battery K, First New York Artillery, during battles near Chancellorsville, Va., May 1-5, 1863.*

R. H. FITZGUGH,

Captain First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 13, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the artillery of the division in the late operations on the Rappahannock:

A list of casualties and losses immaterial have already been forwarded.

Battery M, First New York Artillery, First Lieutenant C. E. Winegar commanding, having crossed the Rappahannock with the division at Kelly's Ford, reached Fairview Thursday p. m., April 30, where, on Friday, May 1, at 6 a. m., it was joined by Batteries F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant F. B. Crosby commanding, and K, First New York Artillery, First Lieutenant E. L. Bailey temporarily commanding.

During the reconnaissance of Friday a. m., none of the batteries were engaged.

About noon of that day, First Lieutenant E. D. Muhlenberg, with a section of Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, was ordered to general Geary's line by Captain C. L. Best, chief of artillery, Twelfth Corps, and remained there during the actions of the next two days.

About 4 p. m. of Friday, May 1, a rebel battery, opening from a point about 300 yards southwest of Colonel Ross' position, was silenced in about half an hour by the converging fire of Battery M, posted near the log house, First Division headquarters, with one section of Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and from another section of Battery F, under Lieutenant Crosby, posted, by order of Brigadier-General Williams, commanding division, at the point of woods on the west side of the ravine.

During Friday night, the division artillery remained in battery near General Williams' headquarters.

On Saturday, May 2, Lieutenant Muhlenberg, on General Geary's left, was engaged at intervals during the whole day repelling three cavalry charges and one of infantry, using canister with great effect. The rest of the division artillery remained unengaged until between 5 and 6 p. m. The Eleventh Corps giving way, by order of Captain Best I posted the batteries in front of General Williams' headquarters, forming, with the rest of the Twelfth Corps artillery and two batteries of the Third Corps, a line of thirty-four pieces, stretching from the Plank road south to a short distance beyond the log house, the line being completed just as Generals Williams' (Twelfth Corps) and Berry's

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 7 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

