
(Third Corps) divisions had fallen back to the edge of the woods in our front. From this position a sharp fire was kept up by the artillery at intervals until nearly midnight, directed principally against a body of the enemy who seemed to be near the farm house occupied during the day by Brigadier-General Knipe, commanding First Brigade, and creating among them great disorder and confusion.

During the night, by direction of Captain Best, a breastwork was thrown up along the artillery line.

Sunday, May 3, at daybreak, by order of Captain best, I sent one section of Battery K, First New York, under Second Lieutenant H. W. Davis, to report to General Geary, and the other section, under First Lieutenant E. L. Bailey, to General Meade's line.

Soon after daybreak, the enemy (whose advance on the previous evening had been effectually checked) renewed the attack, which was replied to by the artillery with about the same effect as on the night before until between 7 and 8 a. m. Gaining ground on our right flank, they poured in from that quarter a hot fire of musketry, at the same time that a battery firing from the field on General Ruger's left enfiladed our line. At this time the division artillery suffered its heaviest loss in men and horses.

At about 9 a. m. Lieutenant Winegar, commanding Battery M, First New York Artillery, reported to me that he was nearly our of ammunition. A brought up Lieutenant Davis' section, of Battery K, First New York Artillery, from General Geary's line, where he had been engaged up to that time, to relieve him; but before the section, although coming up at a trot, could reach the graveyard in rear of First Division headquarters, our artillery had fallen back from its intrenched position, and the last battery of the line, Lieutenant Winegar's, and a battery of the Third Corps, retired under cover of the fire from Lieutenant Davis' section, posted a short distance northeast of the graveyard. That section maintained an effective fire against, first, the enfilanding battery before spoken of, and then against the enemy's infantry, checking it as it advanced on our intrenchments, near division headquarters, until the enemy, gaining on our right, and our infantry supports on our right and rear falling back, it was withdrawn to General Meade's line, retiring between 10 and 10.30 a. m., under cover of fire from Lieutenant Muhleberg, who, posted near the brick house (Major-General Hooker's headquarters) with seven pieces, besides his own section, gallantly kept his ground until about 11 a. m., when he was ordered to the United States Ford, there joining the other four pieces of his battery and Lieutenant Winegar's battery (M, First New York Artillery). Battery K, First New York Artillery, after joining General Meade's line, taking position near the white house between 10.30 and 11 a. m., was sharply engaged at intervals until Tuesday night, May 5, repelling the attacks of the enemy's infantry; also engaged at this point with two rebel batteries posted on the Chancellorsville and United States Ford road.

At about 8 p. m. of Tuesday, May 5, all the batteries of the division were ordered to recross the Rappahannock and return to their old camps, which they did, reaching Stafford Court-House Wednesday evening, May 6.

I regret to have to report the loss of two battery commanders. At about 9 a. m., Sunday, May 3, First Lieutenant F. B. Crosby, commanding Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, while directing the fire of his battery, which he had handled most skillfully during the whole engagement, was shot through the heart. Lieutenant C. E. Winegar, who had worked his battery with great effect during the hottest of the enemy's fire, retiring the

