
last of the line of artillery, after bringing all of his pieces safely off the field, returned in search of two disabled caissons, and has not been heard of since.

The conduct of the whole command was all that could be desired. First Lieutenant T. B. Kirby, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, adjutant, First Division artillery, deserves great credit for his coolness under fire, and for remaining on the field in the discharge of his duties after receiving a wound in the arm which made it necessary to lift him on his horse.

First Lieutenant Muhlenberg, of Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, for his conduct while on General Geary's left; Second Lieutenant Floyd, left in command of four pieces of Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery, after Lieutenant Crosby's death; First Lieutenant E. L. Bailey and Second Lieutenant H. W. Davis, of Battery K, First New York Artillery, for their conduct while in Captain Best's line and in other position; First Lieutenant J. D. Woodbury and Second Lieutenant Smith, of Battery M, First New York Artillery, for their conduct on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd instant, deserve favorable mention.

The following-named enlisted men have been reported for bravery and oldierlike conduct:

Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery-Sergts. David Joel and [Michael] Fitzgerald, and Corps. John Phillips and Tazewell B. Amiss.

Battery K, First New York Artillery-First Sergt. Charles Keller, Sergts. John Duane and Marion Mosher, and Corps. John Pitts, Clark Fairbanks, Thomas Evans, and Datus Miller.

Battery M, First New York Artillery-First Sergt. John W. Weld, Sergts. Royal A. Ide and Samuel Hood, Corpl. Charles H. Rems, and Privates Henry M. Johnson and John Walker.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT H. FITZHUGH,

Captain 1st N. Y. Art., Chief of Art., 1st Div., 12th A. C.

Lieutenant S. E. PITTMAN,

A. A. A. G., First Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 280. Report of Lieutenant John D. Woodbury, Battery M, First New York Light Artillery.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Battery M, First New Your Artillery, broke camp April 27, 1863, and marched with the troops of the Twelfth Corps; crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford, and arrived at Chancellorsville April 30, 1863.

May 1, a. m., made a reconnaissance with the troops of the Twelfth Corps toward Spotsylvania Court-House; returned to camp about 2 p. m., near General Slocum's headquarters. At 5 p. m. were ordered to take a position on a tongue of land to the right of General Slocum's headquarters, to repulse the enemy, who were making a demonstration at that point. While taking our position, the enemy opened upon us with 18-pounder shot and shell. We replied as soon as possible, and silenced their battery in three-fourths of a an hours, using 100 rounds of ammunition. Camped for the night with pieces in battery.

