
May 2, 3 p. m., the enemy having gained our rear, received orders from you, changed front fire to the right, throwing right wing to the rear, causing us to occupy the ridge in rear of General Slocum's headquarters. Commenced firing about 6 p. m. on the enemy's infantry and artillery. Their artillery was soon silenced and infantry repulsed; they, however, soon rallied and again were repulsed with great slaughter. At this time we used from one to three second fuse. They were driven back the third time in the same manner. We then, by your order, threw up earthworks by digging down 1 1\2 feet, and placing the earth in front of the pieces. For want of proper tools, consumed nearly the whole night.

The next morning at break of day the men were at their posts, and the enemy soon made his appearance in our front with great force, and were again driven back by the fire of our artillery. The enemy came down in this manner for the fifth time, and were driven back as before with great loss. Our support having fallen back, the enemy's sharpshooters gaining our flank, our ammunition expended, we by your order retired.

May 5, were ordered to cross the river at United States Ford and cover the crossing of the retiring column early next morning, the enemy having two batteries in position to annoy our troops. I immediately opened upon them with my battery, in connection with Captain Pettit's (First New York) artillery and Captain Knap's (Pennsylvania) batteries. We silenced them in about one hour, causing one limberchest to explode and destroying two caissons. Received orders May 6, at 6 p. m., to return to our old camp at Stafford Court-House, where we arrived May 7, 1863.

During the recent engagement mentioned, in regard to officers and men, all behaved with the utmost bravery and performed their duties well. The following is the list of casualties in men and material:*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. WOODBURY,

First Lieutenant Battery M, First New York Artillery.

Captain C. L. BEST, Chief of Artillery, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 281. Report of Lieutenant Edward D. Muhlenberg, Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

NEAR STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of that portion of the artillery of the Second Division, Twelfth Corps, under my charge in the actions of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd instant, at Chancellorsville, Va.

I was placed in charge of the artillery of the Second Division on the night of the 1st.

On the 2nd, I found one section (two Napoleons) of Captain Bruen's (New York) independent battery in the field, and not subject to any orders. I took possession of it, and placed it in position, covering that occupied by the artillery of the First Division, under Captain Best.

On the 3rd, three Napoleons of Company C, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and two rifled pieces (commander unknown) reported, and were placed in position with the other two already mentioned. I also in the latter

---------------

*List, omitted, shows 4 men killed, 12 wounded, and 2 wounded and missing; 25 horses killed; 2 caissons left on the field.

---------------

