
part of the day placed my section in the same position, Lieutenant O'Donohue in command, and to my knowledge 7 privates of these three guns were killed.

The conduct of Lieutenant Field, an officer present, deserves a favorable notice for gallantry.

The casualties, further than this, of these guns and others under my charge, I have no report of.

The operations of the artillery under my command were immediately under your own eye, and a lengthy report is unnecessary.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW'D D. MUHLENBERG.

First Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery F.

Brigadier General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 282. Report of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA., May 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the operations in which the division under my command has been engaged since the morning of the 27th ultimo.

In obedience to orders (previously received from your headquarters), I broke up the several camps of the brigades of the Second Division at an early hour on the morning of the 27th, and took up the line of march in the direction of Stafford Court-House, at which point I was joined by the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, of the First Brigade, from Dumfries, thus making my command complete, and consisting of the following regiments: The Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, One hundred and ninth, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and twenty-fourth, One hundred and twenty-fifth, and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania; the Sixty-ninth, Seventh-eighth, One hundred and second, One hundred an thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York, and the Fifth, Seventh, twenty-ninth, and Sixty-sixth Ohio, in three brigades, commanded, respectively, by Colonel Candy and Generals Kane and Greene. To these are to be added an artillery brigade, under command of Captain Knap, chief of artillery, consisting of Knap's (Pennsylvania) battery, Lieutenant Atwell commanding, and Hampton's (Pittsburg) battery, Captain R. B. Hampton commanding.

The division halted for the night at a farm some 3 miles east of Hartwood Church, and in the morning advanced toward Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock River; encamped on the night of the 28th some 2 miles north of the river, and early on the morning of the 29th crossed on pontoon bridge thrown over the Rappahannock a short distance below the ford. The column was then put in motion in the direction of the bridge over the Rapidan at Germanna Mills, which point was reached about 4 p. m., where I found the bridge destroyed, and the First Division in the act of fording the rive some 100 yards below. Perceiving, from the rapidity of the current and the depth of the water, that the passage of so large a body of men would be attended with great risk, and probably a loss of life, I at once halted my command, and commenced the erection, under my own personal superintendence, of a foot-bridge, using in its construction material which

