
had been collected by the enemy to construct a bridge at that place. This was completed in a few hours, and was of sufficient strength to admit the passage of our mule trains of ammunition and forage. Upon it the division crossed in good order, and was upon the heights on the south side of the Rapidan at 9 o'clock that evening, where it bivouacked during that night.

Early on the morning of the 30th, I advanced, in accordance with your orders, in the direction of Chancellorsville. Upon leaving our bivouac, I was informed by Lieutenant-Colonel McVicar, Sixth New York Cavalry, who had commanded the outlying pickets during the night, that numbers of rebel cavalry had been seen by his patrols, and that an attempt might possibly be made to impede my march. As I occupied the advance of the line, to guard against this, skirmishers were thrown out in force on either side the road, and strong patrols of cavalry scoured the country in front.

About 10 o'clock the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, which had been detached from our right flank, fell in with a body of rebel cavalry, accompanied with two pieces of artillery, and a brisk skirmishers ensued, in which the loss on our part was 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

The regiment nobly avenged the loss of their comrade by the death of his murderer, who proved to be a Captain Irwin [?], of the Confederate cavalry, whose horse and equipments fell into our hades.

For a detailed account of this transaction, I beg leave to refer you to the report of Major Chapman, of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, whose courage and coolness on the occasion were of great service to us.

About this time, learning that it was the intention of the enemy to destroy a small bridge over a creek which our artillery would have to pass, by a rapid dash in advance I succeeded in frustrating their design, and found it, upon examination, to be safe for the passage of our batteries.

Without further molestation we advanced and entered Chancellorsville about 2 p. m., where my command was immediately disposed in line of battle in the following order: Knap's and Hampton's batteries were posted on a rising ground commanding the approach by the Plank and Wilderness roads leading to Fredericksburg, at a point about 250 yards in front and slightly tot he left of large Chancellor house. They were supported by the Seventh Ohio and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, who thus composed the extreme left of the line, the remainder of the First Brigade forming on the right of the Plank road; the Second Brigade joined the First on the right of the Plank road; the Second Brigade joined the First on the right, and the Third occupied the right of my line, connecting with General Williams' command, extending still farther to the right. This disposition having been made with much care. I ordered abatis to be constructed by cutting down the small brushwood and trees in our front, and barricaded the Plank road by placing large timbers across it. The command rested behind their abatis during the night, with strong pickets in our front and on the flanks.

On the morning of May 1, in obedience to orders, I marched my command from their lines, and, advancing eastward along the Plank road about 1 1\4 miles, formed in line of battle by placing the Third Brigade, under General Greene, with his left resting on the road; the Second, under General Kane, on his right, and the First, under Colonel Candy, in rear of the Second, as a reserve. The Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, supporting Knap's battery, was ordered to take a position on the left of the road, and to advance simultaneously with the main body.

