
cellorsville, and during the evening were assigned a place to the left of the Eleventh Corps, on the main line of defense, covering the road to the United States Ford.

During the afternoon of Monday my division received orders to change its position to the vicinity of the headquarters of the general commanding the corps, near which the command was busily engaged during the entire night and the following day in erecting breastworks and strengthening those preciously constructed. The men here displayed great endurance and alacrity in their work, each man seeming to be animated by a most earnest desire to contribute to the utmost his own individual effort in the prosecution of the work. On Wednesday morning, at daybreak, in obedience to orders, the division crossed the Rappahannock at the United States Ford, and, marching by way of Hartwood Church and Stafford Court-House, reached the former encampment of the division at about 2 p. m. on the 7th instant.

In recapitulation of the movement of the division, it is but justice to a few of the officers of my command that mention should be made of their services. To the prompt and hearty co-operation of Generals Greene and Kane and Colonel Candy, commanding brigades, much of the success attending the operations of the division is justly attributable. To Lieutenant Muhlenberg, commanding the artillery in the action of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd instant, very great praise is due for the courage, coolness, and indomitable bravery with which he contended against the fearful odds before him, until every gunner was killed or wounded at his post, 7 horses were killed, and his ammunition exhausted.

Lieutenant-Colonel Powell, of the Sixty-sixth Ohio, was placed in charge of the pickets upon our arrival at Chancellorsville, and continued in that position during the entire stay of the command at that place. To his untiring vigilance and activity I am under obligations of the highest character.

Captain J. M. Knap, chief of artillery, rendered most efficient service in his part of the action. In his well-directed fire and accuracy in serving his guns he maintained the high reputation he had already won as an artillery officer, while his coolness under fire rendered him the object of admiration and approval of the entire command.

The conduct of Captain G. M. Elliott, the ordnance officer of the division, is worthy of all praise. By dint of great exertion he had succeeded in bringing forward a large supply train of ammunition, the arrival of which was most opportune. Many divisions other than our own had expended their entire stock, and could not have continued the action had it not been for the timely supply afforded by the foresight and energy of Captain Elliott, who prosecuted his duties under the hottest fire.

I have to notice also the death of Colonel Stainrook, of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, who fell while gallantly encouraging his men to their duty. A brave and accomplished officer, his loss is one over which I cannot but express the conviction of my most heartfelt regret.

Of Major Chapman, commanding the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, I cannot but speak in the highest terms of commendation. Whether leading his regiment as skirmishers or flankers, forwarding them to the charge upon the intrenchments of the enemy on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, or during the hottest of the action in our own earthworks on the 3rd, exposed to the concentrated fire of the whole force of the enemy, his prominent traits were coolness and courage. The highest characteristics of the commanding officer were shown in all his move-

