
time we were exposed to a galling cross-fire from the enemy's batteries in our front, rear, and flank.

After taking the position in rear of the batteries, we were immediately ordered back to the trenches at a double-quick, which was fortunate, as the enemy were about securing a strong position near them. As soon as the brigade was in the trenches, the enemy made their appearance in strong force, and commenced a raking fire on the right flank, our men falling fast, but punishing the enemy as severely as we were suffering, and succeeded in holding them in check for a time, but by superiority of numbers the enemy compelled them to fall back slowly but in good order. I immediately placed the Seventh Ohio in position to support the remainder of the brigade, and cover them until such time as they could reform, which was done gallantly. The brigade advanced and fell back slowly, punishing the enemy, and enabling the batteries to limber up an move to the rear. After the batteries had succeeded in gaining a secure distance to the rear, the brigade withdrew gradually, and reformed in the woods in the rear of the filed back of Chancellorsville, where it rejoined another portion of the division.

The loss in officers and men has been heavy. None more gallant and brave ever went into battle. All seemed to vie with each other in obeying orders and carrying them into execution promptly and effectively. It is with deep sorrow we are compelled to record among the names of the killed Major L. F. Chapman, commanding the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant and Adjutant McKee, of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and many other gallant braves.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the names of Colonel W. R. Creighton and Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane, of the Seventh Ohio; Lieutenant-colonel Kilkpatrick (severely wounded) and Major Symmes, of the Fifth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, of the Sixty-sixth Ohio, who had charge of the pickets for several days and nights, and who performed the onerous duties to my entire satisfaction, and, I am confident, to the entire satisfaction of the general commanding the division, and these labors were in addition to the arduous duties devolving upon him as regimental commander, which he so gallantly performed in holding the enemy with his regiment in check on the right for a considerable length of time.

My staff-consisting of Captain W. M. Gwynne, of the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general of the brigade; Lieutenant A. H. W. Creigh, of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Charles W. Kellogg, of the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp-acted gallantly, and performed the various duties assigned them with great coolness, and at times int eh hottest of the engagement, under a heavy cross-fire. Many deeds of noble daring could be mentioned which would adorn the annals of our country-a country which must be proud of the devotion evinced by the sublime and heroic deeds performed by her sons in this hour of her great trial. But while we sorrow for the braves who have fallen, we cherish their memories, knowing that they fell while battling for the integrity of the nation and freedom.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel sixty-sixth Ohio Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

A. A. G., Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

