
sides of the road, with flankers out, an driving the enemy back, and holding him for two or three hours. We then retired without confusion, and, when clear of the woods, halted until ordered back to the intrenchments.

During this engagement the loss in the left wing was very slight, a few only being wounded, but the right wing lost severely, considering the nature of the engagement.

After arriving at camp, the regiment again formed part of the second line of battle, in its old position at the edge of the woods opposite the brick house, and remained there during the night.

At daylight Sunday morning, May 3, we were ordered to the left of Best's battery, stationed a the old rifle-pits which lies south of the Fredericksburg road, remaining there until 8 o'clock.

At this point the regiment was sent to occupy the rifle-pit, and remained in it while the troops were falling back across the cleared field south of the Plank road. It then left the pit, formed under the fire of the batteries at the west end of field, and moved back to the left and rear of Best's battery, and lay there while the brigade occupied the breastworks and woods opposite the brick house. During all this time the regiment was under a severe cross-fire of shell from both front and rear, and a portion of the time receiving also musketry fire of the enemy, with whom the brigade was engaged. The brigade, being finally forced from the woods, passed over the regiment and formed in its rear, and the order was then given to advance, and, if possible, to clear the woods. The order was obeyed with alacrity, and the Seventh Ohio led the way, supported by the other regiments to the left and rear, and driving back the enemy for a considerable distance, until seeing no support for the brigade, we fell back to the left of the battery again, lying down in the road until the shell fire became too heavy.

About 11 a. m. the regiment and brigade withdrew across the cleared fields east of the brick house, retiring through the woods on the north side of the road, and losing a number of men from the enemy's guns shelling the woods as we retired.

About 2 miles from the battle-field, on the road to the United States Ford, the regiment was halted, and rested until some time in the afternoon, when it moved up the road a mile. Here it remained until 11 o'clock at night, when it was ordered back down the road, where it occupied a rifle-pit on the left of the line and about half a mile from the river.

It remained here through the night and until 4 p. m. of Monday, the 4th instant, when it was relieved by the Fifth Ohio regiment, and ordered to move by a circuit to the left, when it encamped in a ravine near the river.

During the afternoon of Tuesday, the 5th instant, it was employed in the intrenchments on the left until dark. At 10.30 o'clock Tuesday night, the order to be ready to move was received, but he regiment did not leave its position until 3.40 o'clock Wednesday morning, the 6th instant. At 4.45 o'clock the same morning it crossed the pontoon bridge at the United States Ford to the north side of the Rappahannock River, and arrived at the old camp near Aquia Landing, Va., early thursday afternoon, the 7th instant.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the names of the officers under my command. Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane; Capts. Samuel McClelland (the bravest of the brave), Krieger, and Wilcox; Adjutant Lockwood, and Lieutenants Clark, Howe, Braden, McKay, Spencer, Bohm, Dean, and Cryne, all exhibited the most daring bravery, obeying every order

