
promptly. The same can be said of the privates as well as the officers; not a man wavered, but each and every one performed his duty nobly.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. CREIGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 12th Army Corps.

Numbers 286. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Clark, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: In addition to the list of casualties to my command in the elate engagement near Chancellorsville, I have the honor to report that on the first day of the engagement we occupied the position of the right-center regiment in the brigade, and in the first movement on the Plank road from near the Chancellor house, and to the left through the woods, our loss was 1 man wounded by a shell. On our return, we occupied our old camping ground of the night previous, but were employed a portion of the night in building an abatis in our front.

During the second day we were twice ordered out as skirmishers in front of our works in the woods, and returned with abut a slight loss, though a part of the command had a severe skirmish with the enemy and drove them back. At night we were ordered to lie behind the abatis, in place of some troops that had not proved courageous.

On the morning of the 3rd, three companies of the left wing, under the command of Captain Stevens, were ordered to fill a vacant space in the trenches between the Sixty-sixth Ohio and one hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments, while the seven remaining companies were ordered to report to General Greene, commanding the Third Brigade, and lay within supporting distance of his force in trenches, under a raking fire from the enemy's batteries. There was no flinching, yet the casualties were heavy during the two hours we remained in that position. When the corps on our right fell back, we were ordered to support Knap's battery, placed to rake the plank road leading from the Chancellors house. This position we were ordered to hold at al hazards, and remained at our posts, exchanging shots briskly with the enemy, who were steadily advancing, until all others had left and we were nearly surrounded.

I have since learned that an order was given for us to retreat, which order was not received, and it was only when a further defense was useless that we retired.

It is due to the command to say that the men behaved with great coolness, and fully maintained the former reputation of the regiment for bravery. We retired in good order, though under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, to the point where the Twelfth Corps formed a new line of defense, an were permitted to rest on our arms that night.

On the morning of the fourth day, being ordered to report for duty in the Second (Kane's) Brigade, we were placed almost upon the extreme right of the corps, in trenches, which place we occupied until the retreat on the night of the 5th, when to that brigade was assigned the responsible duty of covering the retreat to the pontoon bridge, over

