
to give a chance for the cavalry party to reconnoiter, and then marched 3 1/2 miles to Lower Machodoc Creek where the steamer soon arrived. Remained in that vicinity, seizing and loading on transport such articles of subsistence and forage as could be readily gathered, until the morning of the 28th.

The expedition seized and brought back 15 horses and mules, 300 pounds of bacon, 230 bushels of wheat, 25 bushels of oats, 15 bushels of beans, 3,000 bushels of corn, 3 pairs of harness, 2 anchors, and 1 chain-cable, which were taken from a rebel schooner found in the creek, which, after being dismantled, was burned.

On the morning of the 28th, the cavalry, with 23 infantry volunteers started for camp overland, under command of Captain [James D.] Wood, assistant adjutant-general, which party arrived on the 29th, bringing 48 confiscated horses and mules.

The expedition returned to Belle Plain at 8 p.m. of the 28th, after having successfully accomplished its mission without loss or mishap of any kind, bringing, in addition to the above, four citizens of, and refugees from, Richmond County, Virginia; one Everett, a rebel soldier, was accompanied by his wife and child, and another lady and child a refugee bound north; also about 30 contrabands.

MARCH 29, 1863. - Affair near Dumfries, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2. - Captain Charles D. Follett, Eight New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding brigade.

DUMFRIES, VA., March 29, 1863.

GENERAL: Patrols on Telegraph road attacked by about 100 cavalry, 5 miles from here, since noon. Eight of the patrols missing; supposed to have been captured. One of the Fifth Virginia Cavalry, C. S. Army, surrendered himself as a deserter. Left the Rapidan crossing of railroad, where they are fortifying; have several large guns in position. It is believed by the men in their army that they will fall back from Rappahannock Bridge and Culpeper to that point. Great many of the Southern troops deserting; no pay, no clothing, and only one-fourth pound of meat per day. I send you the story as I received it from the man.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General H. W. SLOCUM.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Charles D. Follett, Eighth New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. PICKETS OF FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 29, 1863-6.30 p.m.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the inclosed hasty and imperfect report of a disaster which has befallen the patrol between Dumfries and

