
which we were to recross the Rappahannock. The attempt of a brigade of another corps, headed by its commander, to cut our column, met with only a partial success near the bridge.

The command has returned in as good a condition as could be expected, considering the long march, rainy weather, bad state of the roads, and exposure to the enemy's fire. Having been in a poor state of health for several days before leaving here, I was on the second day unable to leave camp, at which time the command of the regiment fell on Captain Stevens, of Company B, during the day. I am also much indebted to him for assistance rendered me as acting field officer during the entire march and fight.

In a command where all have done well, it were useless to speak of individual instances of bravery. I would, however, be permitted to notice particularly Sergt. George E. Hayward, of Company E, who had command of the company, for the able manner in which he handled it during the action, as also for his faithfulness to his command on the march.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

THOS, CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA.,

May 30, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to instructions contained in circular from division headquarters, of the 28th instant, I have the honor to transmit an official report of the par taken by this command in our late engagement with the enemy near Chancellorsville, Va.

On May 1, we were ordered into line about 11 a. m., and proceeded down the Plank road with the balance of the brigade for about 1 mile, and taking position on the right of the road, under cover of the woods, awaited for nearly one hour the approach of the enemy. Not meeting him here, I was next ordered to advance through a thick woods and swamp to the support of General Kane's brigade, but was, on reaching there, immediately ordered to return to our first position, meeting with no enemy, but lost 1 man wounded by a shell from the enemy's battery.

About 5 p. m. we returned to our camp of the night previous. Being pressed by the enemy's skirmishers, the main part of the night was spent in constructing an abatis in front of our position, with the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania on our left and the sixty-sixth Ohio on our right.

On the morning of the 2nd, a column of infantry being seen advancing up the Plank road, and a charge of grape and canister having been given it by a section of Knap's battery, this command was ordered into the woods on the left of said Plank road and in front of our line of defense, but, without firing a shot, was ordered to return, and formed a second line, supporting the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who were covered by the abatis constructed the night previous.

This position was occupied until again ordered to the front, about 2

