
p. m., and in nearly the same position as in the early part of the day, but with orders to scour the woods and clear it of sharpshooters. Company D (Captain Wright) deployed as skirmishers and advanced, discovering the enemy in force-a battery, supported by a brigade of infantry-which fact being duly reported, he was ordered back toward the regiment, when the enemy arose and fired a heavy volley. During this time we were supporting the Seventh Ohio.

A sharp skirmish ensued, resulting in a loss of 5 men wounded in the Twenty-ninth, but a far heavier loss to the enemy. The regiment retired, as ordered, to its former position in rear of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania, it being now near night.

Soon after dark I received orders to move to the right and occupy places in intrenchments supposed to have been vacated by parts of other regiments on the appearance of the enemy in front, but which was found out to be a mistake. I found room for but seven companies. The remainder retained their former position.

These places were occupied until 4 o'clock of the next morning (3rd instant), the men lying on their arms. At this time I was ordered, with the aforesaid seven companies, to move farther to the right, and report to General Greene, commanding Third Brigade. In this new position we were exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, and lost 8 men wounded, when our forces to the right of the Twelfth Corps were driven back. We were ordered by General Greene to return to the Plank road and support Knap's battery, with further subsequent orders from the division commander to hold that position at all hazards, which was maintained with determination until near noon, though exposed to a heavy raking fire of artillery and a direct attack of infantry. In the meantime our battery had withdrawn. All others but the First Brigade had retired. The enemy were pressing hard upon us. Many of our men were disabled. No orders were received to retreat, but it seemed worse than useless to maintain our position longer. A hasty council was held with the commanding officers of the Seventh Ohio and One hundred and Forty-seventh Pennsylvania, an all retired after making one desperate charge on the now hopeful foe and taking several prisoners. Following in the direction taken by the balance of the division, the regiment, though badly cut up, was reformed in the woods near the second line of defense, and permitted to rest for a few hours after dark.

Early on the 4th, with the Fifth Ohio, we were ordered to report to General Kane, commanding Second Brigade, and by his direction placed in the new line of intrenchments, the men lying on their arms, ready to receive and repel any attack.

This position was occupied for over thirty-six hours and during one severe night of cold and rain, until the retreat of the morning of the 6th instant was commenced. The retreat was made quietly and in good order and without any exchange of shots with the enemy.

Arrived at the ford soon after light. Some disturbance was here created by an unjustifiable and unsuccessful attempt to cut the column of my command by a portion of another corps.

In concluding this lengthy report, allow me to say that the men of this command were cool-under the heavy fires to which they were exposed. When each seemed anxious to do his duty, it is difficult making particular distinctions. I would, however, allude to Sergt. George E. Hayward, on whom devolved the command of Company E during the entire march and engagement. He has since been commissioned as first lieutenant by the Governor of Ohio for gallant conduct and

