
faithful service, through the recommendation of the officers of this regiment, but cannot now be mustered as such. I would also express my approval of the service rendered by Captain W. F. Stevens, who assisted me as a field officer, and on whom the command mainly fell during my severe illness of the second day of the engagement and two days of the march to Chancellorsville.

Your obedient servant,

THOS. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty ninth Ohio Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 287. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers in the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., on May 1, 2, and 3.

The position of the regiment was on the right of the First Brigade, behind an intrenchments thrown up by the men on the night of May 1.

On Saturday we were shelled by the enemy, but held our position. About 9 a. m. a small body of the enemy's sharpshooters made a dash on us in front of the breastworks, but was repulsed.

The regiment left the intrechments on Sunday about 10 a. m., by order of Colonel Charles Candy, commanding brigade, and formed in rear of the brick hospital, in our position in the division. Being ordered to reoccupy the trenches, the Sixty-sixth took its original position on the right of the brigade, being the most advanced next to the enemy. By order of Brigadier-General Geary, commanding division, the Sixty-sixth formed across the woods, the left of the regiment resting on the intrechments.

While in this position I received an order from General Geary to advance and engage the enemy. I moved forward, throwing out skirmishers, and soon met the enemy advancing in full force. I immediately engaged them, delayed their advance for some time, and sent back intelligence of their advance. Their sharpshooters flanking on the left, we slowly fell back, halting repeatedly and maintaining the fight.

I have the honor to state that the officers and men conducted themselves with bravery, as they have done in former, engagements.

I inclose herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. POWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

