
AQUIA CREEK, VA., May 29, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers Infantry in the late engagement at Chancellorsville, Va., on the 1st, 2nd, and 3 instant:

This regiment took part in the reconnaissance from Chancellorsville in the direction of Fredericksburg on the 1st instant, and, after returning, the position of this regiment was on the right of the brigade and on the position of this regiment was on the right of the brigade and on the right of the Plank road leading from the United States Ford.

During the night of the 1st instant the regiment threw up a field fortification, connecting with the Second Brigade, Second Division, twelfth Army Corps. During the 2nd instant this regiment remained at the trenches, no casualties occurring, although being subject to a continuous fire from the enemy.

I received an order on the morning of the 3rd instant from Colonel Candy, commanding brigade, to quit the trenches and form inky place in the division, then formed in close column by battalion in rear of Chancellorsville hospital. The First Brigade being ordered to reoccupy the trenches, I formed the regiment in its original position there. I changed front immediately afterward, by order of Colonel Candy, commanding brigade, with my left resting on the trenches. While in this position I received an order from General Geary, commanding division, to advance and engage the enemy, who was coming down through the woods within our intrenchments. I immediately advanced this regiment, throwing out skirmishers. I soon met the enemy's skirmishers, and, driving them back, found that the enemy was advancing in heavy force. I sent back word of the advance, and engaged them. The enemy outflanking us on both sides, I fell back slowly, making several stands and doing he utmost to withstand the onset. This regiment retired with the First Brigade to the second line of battle formed after the close of the engagement on the 3rd instant.

I have to state that I had present for duty on the morning of the 2nd instant 340 enlisted men and 22 commissioned officers.

I have the honor to state that the officers and men manifested the same ardor and bravery that they have done in former engagements.

I inclose herewith a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. POWELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Co. CHARLES CANDY, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 12th A. C.

Numbers 288. Report of Major Lansford F. Chapman, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA., April 30, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I left my camp on the Rapidan River at 8 o'clock this a. m., marching on the Plank road leading to Fredericksburg. Having arrived at the junction of the Plank road and road leading to Orange Court-House, near a place called the Wilderness, or better known as Simms' Store, I was here ordered by Colonel Charles Candy, command-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

