
ing the First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, to move my regiment up the road leading to Orange Court-House, with instructions to dislodge a body of the enemy who had possession of a position that commanded the road on which our troops and wagon trains were passing. I accordingly moved my regiment in the direction indicated. Having advanced up the road about 500 yards, I filed to the left with the five right companies, crossing Ellwood farm (the residence of Major Lacy, of the rebel amry), giving Captain Conrad U. Meyer instructions to move upon the enemy, by the Orange Court-House road, with the four left companies. Arriving at the farm house on the hill, I threw Company A, under the command of Captain James Fitzpatrick, forward, and deployed them as skirmishers, halting the other four companies to be used as reserves. About this time a small squad of cavalry that were in advance of my regiments looking for the enemy were fired upon by a portion of the enemy's advance, who were posted on the edge of the wood. I immediately ordered the skirmishers to advance upon the enemy. Forming the other four companies in line of battle, I moved forward to their support. I then ordered the four left companies forward, deploying Company H as skirmishers on the road leading to Orange Court-House. The enemy were now firing upon the four left companies with two pieces of artillery, throwing grape, canister, and shell. My skirmishers advanced upon the enemy, driving them from their position in the edge of the woods. I then moved the entire regiment forward, and occupied the position vacated by the enemy.

The company I had deployed on the right of the road was having a brisk skirmish with a small force of the enemy, in which Private [William H.] Noltie, of Company H, was killed by Captain Irwin [?], of the Confederate cavalry. The said Captain Irwin [?] was afterward killed by the skirmishers of Company H, and his horse and equipments fell into our hands, and were turned over tot he proper authorities.

About this time, the One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers came up to relieve my regiment under a severe fire from the enemy's battery. That regiment having relieved my skirmishers, I moved forward with the entire regiment to the position where the enemy's guns were located, with the determination to charge upon the battery, but I found, upon reaching the position, that they had withdrawn the force opposed to us, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and two pieces of artillery.

Having interred the man of my regiment who had been killed, I moved forward and joined the division at this place.

I would here state that the officers and men behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. CHAPMAN,

Major, Commanding Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH, A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 12th A. C.

Numbers 289. Report of Captain Conrad U. Meyer, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA., May 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers took in the battles of May 1, 2, and 3, near Chancellorsville, Va.:

On the morning of May 1, the position assigned this regiment was

