
works, which order was promptly executed. We found the enemy intrenching themselves in our breastworks on the right in strong force, when Major L. F. Chapman, commanding the regiment, ordered a change of front perpendicular to the rear. While under a galling fire from the enemy, the dispatch and coolness with which this movement was executed by the the few who remained, considering the numerous fires the regiment was exposed to, would have done honor to veterans of a hundred battles. Having formed our line, we again charged upon the enemy, driving them back and capturing a number of prisoners; but we were again repulsed, owing to superiority of numbers and the destructive fire from the enemy's artillery. We again advanced, and in this charge the regiment lost one of the bravest and most efficient officers in the service, Major L. F. Chapman. He fell, while proving his devotion to his country, in the van, gallantly leading his men upon the enemy. Here also fell Lieutenant William C. Shields, of Company G, and Lieutenant Peter Kaylor, of Company F. They met death like heroes, while urging the men forward. Here also fell many of our best and bravest men. We were still advancing upon the enemy when the order was given to fall back, as we were entirely without support, the troops on the right of our brigade having been forced back by the enemy. The regiment again retired to the breastworks in the rear of the brick hospital, and remained there awaiting the enemy until again peremptorily ordered to retire, when the regiment then marched back and joined the division.

In this engagement, which lasted about three hours, the regiment lost 3 officers killed, 2 officers wounded, and 68 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. U. MEYER,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH, A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 12th A. C.

Numbers 290. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK LANDING, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., May 1, 2 and 3, accompanied by a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

On the morning of May 1, the position assigned to my regiment was the right of the brigade, when we made a reconnaissance in force 2 miles south of Chancellorsville, Va., returning to our camp in the afternoon without loss. I was then assigned a position behind a breastwork hastily but strongly constructed of rails and small timber, having the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left and the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on my right. I threw out one company of my regiment, under Lieutenant William H. Tourison, to the front as skirmishers. This officer maintained his position until sundown, when he was obliged to retire before a heavy force of the enemy, but was at once replaced by a company under Captain William J. Mackey,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

