
who held his position until relieved by parts of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the afternoon of May 2.

In the evening, as instructed, Captain Joseph A. Moore, with his company, was sent out, but was soon ordered to his regiment. The enemy then advanced rapidly to the attack, but were soon repulsed with loss.

At 10 p. m. Lieutenant William E. Goodman, with his company (D), advanced to within a short distance of the line of skirmishers of the enemy, and held his position during the night. He captured 1 prisoner, and rescued the colors of the One hundred and seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry from the enemy.

At sunrise, May 3, the skirmishers, under Lieutenant Goodman, engaged those of the enemy, and fought them handsomely for nearly one hour, when he was obliged to fall back to the regiment, not, however, until his ammunition was nearly expended, his second lieutenant killed, himself wounded, and his company nearly overwhelmed with the superior force of the enemy. About this time the whole line of the brigade became engaged, the enemy having appeared on our right flank. We were then ordered to retire by the left flank, which movement was executed in good order. We formed in line of battle behind the artillery, near the brick hospital. From this position I received orders from brigadier-General Geary to advance and take the intrenchments from which I had been driven. This was accomplished, the enemy being rapidly driven before us, and leaving a number of prisoners in our hands, which were sent to the rear. While in this position we were exposed to a galling fire of musketry, which enfiladed my whole line, as well as a heavy fire of artillery, from both of which I suffered severely.

In this part of the action I lost 3 officers, killed and 2 wounded. Adjt. Samuel F. McKee was instantly killed, * as was Lieutenants Smith and Leaming; Lieutenants Bower and Black were wounded while cheering on the men. At this point Sergt. Samuel Henry, Company C, color-sergeant of the regiment, was instantly killed by a rifle ball.

The troops on our right, overwhelmed by a superior force of the enemy, were obliged to fall back slowly. In the meantime the right wing of my regiment kept up a heavy fire on the advancing enemy, while the left wing fired but little (our own men being in their front), but were exposed to a heavy fire of musketry, fired at the troops in our front and on our flank, as well as to a fire of artillery, which told fearfully on them. We were finally obliged to fall back to the Plank road to avoid being taken prisoners, when we reformed, and again advanced into the woods, from which we were again driven. I then received orders to fall back to the intrenchments southeast of the Plank road and reform my command, which I did. From this point I moved under orders, and reported to you in the rear of the command of Major-General Sickles.

I cannot but express through you my sincere thanks to Major Craig, by whom I was ably assisted; to Lieutenant William E. Goodman, who was severely wounded, and, indeed, to all the officers and men of my command. Personal praise would be unjust where so many have distinguished themselves unobserved by me.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

ARIO PARDEE, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel 147th Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Wounded, not killed.

---------------

