
Occoquan, which is all the information I have at present upon the matter. I have directed Captain Follett to send out a few men as scouts to see if they can gain any information, and to let me know at once where and when the attack was made, as I am ignorant of these points, and have but 50 men in camp, 30 of whom have just returned from a long scout. I shall not send out until the a.m. it being dark now. Captain Barry, with 30 men, has just returned, having been out toward and within 6 miles of Brentsville, and thence via Independent Hill to Dumfries and camp. Will forward you full particulars as soon as they can be obtained in regard to the attack on our patrol. If you have been over our present picket and patrol line you will appreciate the difficulty of protecting ourselves and the almost impossibility of preventing passage through our lines by dismounted men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. POPE,

Major Eighth New York Cavalry, Commanding Pickets.

Lieutenant E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MARCH 29, 1863.

SIR: Things have turned out as I expected. My lieutenant and 11 out of 17 men are gone. They were attacked by, as near as I can learn, 100 of the enemy, in a place where there was no chance except for attack. Six have got back. Will you please send me orders? It would be folly for me to chase them with my few men.

Yours, truly,

C. D. FOLLETT,

Captain.

Major POPE.

MARCH 30, 1863. - Skirmish at Point Pleasant, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Military Department.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Military Department.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

March 30, 1863-8.45 p.m.

Telegram from General Cox, at Marietta, informs that the enemy has taken Point Pleasant. His last telegram, dated 2 p.m., says:

The company at Point Pleasant was, at 11 a.m., still in the court-house, and hoped to hold it till night. I have directed the commander at Gallipolis to raise volunteers of the citizens there, and endeavor to relieve the garrison. Have also a boat to go down from Gallipolis for a regiment, Fifth Virginia, lately at Ceredo, and bring it, unless it has its hands full there. I have also telegraphed General Burnside to send some aid from below, if possible. I have warned Kelley and all in Northwestern Virginia. Am still confident Scammon will be able to hold his position in the upper valley, and detach force enough to reopen his communication.

