
Stainrook, of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was killed on the morning of the 3rd instant, was a gallant officer and gentleman. Lieutenant Kingsbury, of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Stewart, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were both known to me, and I can cordially indorse the high estimate that their commanding officers placed upon them. They have fallen in a noble cause, and one which will always consecrate their memories.

I append the official reports of the commanding officers of the regiments of my brigade.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. KANE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 292. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Rickards, jr., Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA LANDING, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in answer to circular from headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, dated May 7, 1863, the following as the part taken by this regiment in the late military operations:

In compliance with orders from headquarters, the regiment marched at sunrise on April 27, and halted a short distance beyond Potomac Creek; distance, 15 miles.

April 28.-Marched at 5 a. m.; passed Hartwood Church, and halted within 2 miles of Kelly's Ford on the Rappahannock; distance, 16 miles.

April 29.-Had charge of the corps train this day. The train was cut and stopped by the Fifth Corps, which detained us until 3 p. m., when we crossed over, and by a rapid march reached the brigade near the Rapidan at 6 p. m.; halted, got supper, and then crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford on a foot-bridge, wagons and horses fording river; water 4 feet deep; halted on hill beyond the river and bivouacked; rained al night; marched 15 miles.

April 30.-Rainy. Marched at 8 a. m. on the Plank road to Chancelorsville. The rebels made an attack on our right flank about 10 a. m. which was repulsed. Reached Chancellorsville at 5 p. m., and took position in a dense growth of young oak timber; marched about 11 miles.

May 1.-Mustered the regiment to-day. At 12 m. were ordered to fall in; marched on the Plank road toward Fredericksburg about 1 mile; moved to the right 1 mile, doubled column, and advanced to the front about 1 1\2 miles through woods and swamps to an opening, near which the enemy had a battery posted, which opened on us, several shells, bursting directly in our regiment without hunting any one. After lying in this position waiting of orders to advance on the battery, to our surprise we were ordered to retire. The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers had the extreme right in this move. We were fired upon

