
shooter concealed in some neighboring tree-top. He was immediately taken from the field. On the way to the hospital be was struck by a Minie ball, which broke his right arm, and entered his right lung, from the effects of which he died fifteen minutes afterward. The enemy getting the range of guns, the shells fell thick and fast, some in and some on top of the entrenchments. One exploded in a squad of the first company, killing 1 and wounding 2. We lay here some time, when, receiving the order, we fell back in good order to the Plank road, where we were met by General Kane and the rest of the brigade. He then marched us down the road past the hospital in the woods, and halted. In a few minutes we fell in again, and marched back to the main road, where we halted. We then marched to a piece of woods, where we halted, and some fires being built, the enemy, observing the smoke, commenced shelling us quite rapidly. We were ordered in line again, and marched farther to the right, out of range of the enemy's shells, where we halted and rested some time. In the afternoon we marched down to the rear of part of the Eleventh Corps, where we remained until nearly midnight, when we fell in again, and marched down and took possession of some partially built entrenchments. In the morning the men commenced strengthening them by placing more trees on them, and covering the whole with dirt, thrown up with pieces of cracker-boxes, tin cups, and pieces of bank.

We remained in these entrenchments until the morning of the 6th, when we were ordered in line and marched down to the river and across the ford; from thence to Stafford Court House; from there to our present encampment near Aquia Creek, va.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN YOUNG, JR.,

Captain, Commanding 109th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 294. Report of Colonel George A. Cobham, jr., One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

NEAR AQUIA CREEK LANDING, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., on May 1, 2, and 3.

On the morning of the 1st, regiment advanced down the Gordonsville Plank road with the other regiments of the brigade to reconnoiter the enemy's position. Filing to the right of the road, we formed in close column in mass on the right of the line of battle of the brigade, and advanced about 1 1/2 miles through a dense woods, and took possession of the road or pike leading toward the right of our line of defense. This road we held about two hours, when, in accordance with orders, we returned to our original position near Chancellorsville, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers covering the rear of the retiring column, and supporting the batteries thrown forward to protect our rear. taking our position on the right of the First Brigade, the men immediately began to dig rifle-pits and throw up breastworks.

48 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

