
was here that the men exhibited some of those qualities which render an army effective, and which constitutes the secret of success in every undertaking. We were without axes, picks, spades, and shovels. Nothing daunted, however, some loosened the earth with their bayonets, knives, and forks, while others threw it up with their hands, tin cups, tin plates, and frying pans. In this manner a fine line of defense was soon formed and occupied by the men.

About 2.30 p. m. the regiment advanced to clear the woods in our front and to take a battery stationed there by the enemy. Having advanced, however, to within fine charging distance, we were ordered to retire just as I was about to try the metal of the enemy with the bayonet. We regained our rifle-pits in good order.

It was now about 3 p. m. From this time until about 3.30 p. m. on the 3rd instant we were exposed to an extremely galling and destructive fire from the guns of the enemy, which raked our position from the front, rear, and right.

About 3 p. m. on the 3rd instant we retired from the rifle-pits toward the left of the line of defense. Taking up a position in the woods to the rear and left of the brick house, we again drew the fire of the enemy's guns, and retired farther to the left, taking possession of the hill near the road leading to the United States Ford. This was near the large white house, which we burned. This hill we also fortified with a very strong line of rifle-pits, and held it until we recrossed the river.

Officers and	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

men.

Officers	 1	 3	.........	 4

Enlisted men	 4	 10	 6	 20

Total *	 5	 13	 6	 24

I cannot commend too highly the gallantry, coolness, and determined bravery of the men and officers of my regiment while in trying positions. They all did their whole duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A COBHAM, JR.,

Colonel One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 295. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Simon Litzenberg, One hundred and twenty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA LANDING. VA.,

May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular of may 7, 1863, I have the honor to report a brief summary of the proceedings of the regiment during the military operations since April 27.

On the morning of the 27th, we left our camp near Aquia Landing

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 184.

---------------

