
about 7 a. m.; proceeded in column via Stafford Court-House, and reached Potomac Creek, with but an occasional halt, about 6 p. m., having marched about 15 miles. Our men being very much fatigued, under the weight of their days' rations and the weakening influence of an April sun, we here bivouacked for the night.

At 5 o'clock the next morning we resumed the line of march, passing Hartwood Church and crossing Deep Run at Deep Run Mills, and joined the Eleventh Corps at evening. We halted for the night on the north bank of the Rappahannock, having marched about 20 miles.

On the morning of the 29th ultimo, the Eleventh Corps crossing the river in advance, we effected our crossing about 8 a. m., and by hard and constant marching reached the Rapidan at 5 p. m., where we were detained, in consequence of the depth of they fording and the wild rapidity of the stream, until nearly 10 p. m., when we effected our crossing, by the light of torches, upon a temporary and perilous bridge. Upon reaching the opposite bank, we bivouacked for the night, in a drenching rain, upon a recently plowed and broken field.

At 8 a. m. on Thursday we were again on the march, and reached Chancellorsville at 3 p. m., when we formed our line of battle on the right of the Plank road.

On May 1, at 10 a. m., we marched in column about 1 1/2 miles, when we again formed our line of battle to the south of the Fredericksburg pike, and skirmished with the enemy to within about 4 miles of Fredericksburg, when we were ordered to fall back to our original lines, which we reached at about 3 p. m. The enemy having pursued us in considerable force, and having reached the position selected as the most advantageous, it was deemed most expedient the position and protect ourselves with fortifications. There being no entrenching tools at our disposal, and the necessity of the case demanding the immediate construction, our only recourse was such as the case could suggest. With the alacrity and earnestness characteristic of our men, axes, limited in number, were felling abatis in our front, while bayonets, tin plates, and digits were as industrious in throwing up earthworks for our front and rear ranks.

By 2 o'clock in the morning our fortifications were completed. taking position behind their cover, our men rested until morning. Still vigilant against an attacking foe, we were permitted to remain in our defenses until about 3 p. m. on the 2nd instant, when we were ordered with our brigade to the Plank road, to rebel the approach of the enemy through the wood. On reaching the edge of the wood, the precipitous manner in which we were ordered to attack created some confusion, making it necessary to withdraw our forces, and fall back and reoccupy our entrenchments, which was done in good order.

Soon after reaching our defenses, the attack was made upon the right of our line, which. being broken, considerable effort only saved us from sharing the panic. Notwithstanding the confusion, however, our position was held, and it was not until an enfilading fire of nearly five hours, and almost surrounded by the enemy, that the position was abandoned on the morning of the 3rd instant at 10 a. m. From here we formed on the rear of the Chancellor house, and remained during the greater part on the day. Toward evening we were removed to the left, and, after marching and changing position nearly all night, we at length rested in support of batteries mounted upon works thrown up during the night.

Toward evening of the 4th instant, we were ordered to report to General Slocum for fatigue, when we were instructed to throw up fortifications farther to the left and near the river.

