
the road, which was elevated some 12 or 15 inches higher than the front work.

We held these fortifications, occasionally sallying forth and routing the enemy from the woods in our front, until about 10 a. m. Sunday morning, May 3, when, exposed to an intense enfilading fire of grape, canister, and shell from the enemy, occasioned in consequence of the right of our line, occupied by the Eleventh Corps, not being able to sustain their position, falling back, thus allowing the enemy the opportunity of completely hemming us in, we were wisely ordered to abandon our position, which we did in good order, amid a desperate storm of cannon-ball, shot, and shell, and formed a new line north of the brick house, and succeeded in driving the enemy back, after which we were relieved, fell back a short distance to the rear, and commenced constructing new fortifications, at which we continued until Tuesday evening, May 5, when we received orders to recross the Rappahannock River, which was accomplished at daylight the next morning, and, after a severe march through rain and mud, upon short rations, we encamped May 7 on our old camping-ground near Aquia Landing, Va.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 28; missing, 7.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB HIGGINS,

Colonel, Commanding 125th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 297. Reports of Brigadier General George S. Greene, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

CAMP. NEAR AQUIA LANDING, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the division the services of this brigade since the morning of the 27th ultimo.

This brigade marched with the division at 7 a. m. on April 27, and by easy marches reached Chancellorsville at 2 p. m. on the 30th ultimo, Crossing the Rappahannock at Kellysville, and the Rapidan at Germanna Mills. With the exception of a few harmless shells thrown at the column before reaching the Wilderness Junction, on the Plank road, there were no incidents worthy of note. The men came in good condition and a fine spirits. On arriving at Chancellorsville, the brigade was placed in line of battle in the thick woods on a ridge running across the Plank road, about half a mile in front of the Chancellor house.

We remained here until 11 a. m. on May 1, when we marched up the Plank road a mile to a cross-road, and the bridge was formed in the line of battle in two lines perpendicular to the road, the left resting on the road. the brigade advanced about 1 1/2 miles through the thick woods, the left going into open ground at the end of our advance, and halting, by order, before reaching the first house on the left of the road, which was the advance of cavalry pickets. A few shells were here thrown on the lines, with trifling injury. After resting here half an hour, we were ordered to retire in connection with General Kane, who

