
coolness and good discipline while their companions were falling from rifle-shot and shell. After leaving this position, the brigade was halted near the hospital.

General Geary, suffering from loss of speech, directed me to take command was placed on a ridge in rear of the hospital, where, being shelled by a distant battery, we moved farther to the right, and then were ordered to take position in rear of entrenchments occupied by the Eleventh Corps.

About dark we moved with the First Division to the left of the Eleventh Army Corps, and took position on the right of Williams' division.

On the 4th, General Geary took command of the division. toward night my brigade, with the expedition of the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, who were left with General Kane, moved out to the hill occupied by Williams' division, where they intrenched themselves very hand-somely, working nearly all night.

On the 5th instant we continued to work on the entrenchments, assisted by the First Brigade and One hundred and twenty-fourth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Kane's brigade.

At 9 p. m. we had orders to recross the river, which we did at day-light of the 6th instant, and marched to our old position at Aquia Creek Landing, Va., on the 9th instant.

The officers and men of my command have behaved with great coolness and gallantry whenever they have been under fire, and have displayed great patience and endurance under the severe labor and watching in trenches to which they have been subjected.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Twelfth Corps.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK LANDING, VA.,

May 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to the commanding general supplementary to my report of the 10th instant, and to state more particularly than I did in my report of the action of the 3rd instant that the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel J. C. Lane, and the Sixtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. O. Redington (who covered the movement of my brigade in falling back from the entrenchments which we were ordered to retire from), halted at the Plank road, and supported the last batteries which were in position on our right at that point, and were the last to leave that part of the line, effectually covering the withdrawal of the last of the batteries.

The conduct of these regiments was gallant and commendable in the extreme, and is presented to the favorable consideration of the general commanding.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps.

