
woods before reaching the Plank road. We again lay behind the entrenchments in rear of the battery near the brick house.

Our position on Sunday night and during Monday and Tuesday, day and night, was in an advanced rifle-pit protecting a road entering the main road about 1 1/2 miles from the United States Ford, on the Rappahannock, being under the command of General Kane. Nothing of especial importance occurred.

On Wednesday morning we recrossed the Rappahannock, and shortly after joined your brigade.

Our loss was 8 killed, 40 wounded, and 14 missing. A detailed report by name accompanies this.*

I have the distinguished pleasure to speak with high commendation of every officer and man of the command. Not one withdrew from his full duty. I sincerely believe, sir, that but for the irresistible spirit shown in the two charges made, leading the enemy to believe our number much greater than it actually was, our entire command would have been captured or cut to pieces.

It was my fortune, however, personally to observe the distinguished and meritorious courage and coolness of Major Thomas, Adjutant Willson, and Captain Elliott (all of whom were wounded); of Captain Delaney, in charge of the skirmishers, and of Lieutenants Nolan, Hobart, and Stanley. Also the undaunted bravery of Color Sergt. William Leahy, of Company I, and the color-guard accompanying him. The high activity and daring of First Sergt. [James O.] Raymond, of Company E; Musician William P. Hulitt, of Company F (who picked up a gun and cartridges, and fought unflinchingly, losing his life thereby; First Sergt. L. Tuller, of Company D; Sergt. E. R. Follett, and Private John Thomas, of Company K, were also worthy of especial remark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. O. REDINGTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth New York Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Twelfth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,May 8, 1863.

Orders were received at 8 a. m. to withdraw the troops from the trenches as soon as possible.

Orders were at once sent to the regiments in the trenches to withdraw to the left, and to the Sixtieth Regiment to withdraw as soon as the regiment on the right passed it. The One hundred and thirty-seventh acted promptly. The One hundred and second did not move immediately. The colonel of the Sixtieth Regiment says that he did not get the order, though he knew from a captain of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment that they were ordered to move out of the trenches. It was reported to me at the time that the order had been given to the Sixtieth Regiment, as directed.

Under the circumstances in which Colonel Redington was placed, I think he should certainly have ascertained the nature of the movement which he saw was going on, and in the subsequent movements Colonel Lane should have communicated his orders to Colonel Redington.

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier General, Commanding 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 12th Army Corps.

---------------

* Omitted; but see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

