
CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK LANDING, VA., May 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make herewith a supplementary report concerning the position of the Sixtieth on May 3, near the Plank road at the Chancellor house.

The regiment was driven from its first position of the morning by a heavy force of rebels on three sides. The line was formed, and an attack resisted five times in falling back to the road. On one of these occasions, a gun from our own battery near the Chancellor house fired one charge of grape into a portion of our line, instantly killing 1 man and wounding 4 others. The Sixtieth formed a sixth time at the line of entrenchments after crossing the Plank road, the One hundred and second on our right.

At the time of our forming, the First Brigade of our division was near this point, but left some ten minutes earlier than the Sixtieth and One hundred and second. We lay down on the outside of this rifle-pit, and, under the orders of Lieutenant-Colonel Dickinson, of General Hooker's staff, supported the battery there. This battery left, and another came up. The Sixtieth and One hundred and second remained until this last battery had ceased firing and withdraw from the field. A part of the time that my regiment lay outside of this rifle-pit the enemy's batteries were firing from three sides at our point of occupation. The rebels held the woods in our rear, the other side of the cleared land. On our withdrawal, we passed through the woods, crossing the Fredericksburg road on the right of the Chancellor house and near to the rebel pickets, and secured an entrance into the earthworks held by our forces just in advance of an attack made on that part of the line

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. O. REDINGTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth New York Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 299. Reports of Captain William H. Randall, Seventy-eighth New York Infantry.

NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the late engagements by this regiment:

In the engagement of Friday, May 1, the regiment held the left of the first line formed by the brigade. Both in advancing and retiring it was under heavy fire from the enemy. During these movements two companies were employed as skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenants McGregor and Metz.

On Sunday, it was for about three hours exposed to the enemy's batteries, at convenient range on its flank, and suffered much. It sustained three different infantry charges. Two of these were checked by the almost complete destruction of the assailants. At the third charge, its ranks had become so thinned and the batteries poured in such

