
a destructive fire of grape as to make it utterly impossible to resist; but not until the enemy were upon the breastworks did they give way. Several personal encounters occurred and many prisoners were taken, from their resolute determination to hold their position at all hazards.

The list of the killed and wounded was great in comparison to the number we had.

I have the honor to remain, captain, yours, very respectfully,

W. H. RANDALL,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers.

Captain C. P. Horton,

A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA LANDING, VA.,

May 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers went into the fight at Chancellorsville, May 1, with 1 major, 14 line officers, and 307 men.

At the commencement of the action, Captain William H. Randall, commanding Company E, was put in command by order of General George S. Greene, commanding Third Brigade. The right moved in the advance toward the enemy's position, on the extreme left of the brigade, in an open field, and with its left upon the road. Both when advancing and retiring it was exposed to the enemy's batteries, but behaved with coolness and good order. On the night of the 2nd instant, about 11 p. m., it was ordered into the trench on the extreme right of the brigade, Captain Randall still in command.

At about 5 a. m. it repelled the right of the enemy's line, which charged upon the battery on the hill and the troops of the First Division.

From about 7 until 9 a. m. it was fully exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries upon the hill, on our right, in short range, and during that received two successive charges by infantry in front. The first was resisted, and the men killed or completely routed. At the time of the second, our ranks had been thinned by killed and wounded, and the lines both on our right and left retiring, we retreated with the loss of some 30 prisoners. No order had reached us to retire, though such had been issued to and received by the greater portion of the brigade.

Our actual loss in that fight was: Killed, 11; wounded, 59; missing, 60. Total, 130.*

After retiring, without the possibility of order, being completely broken by losses and the close pursuit of a force large than our own, and being posted at the extreme outer point of the line, a curve, they rallied when reaching the portion occupied by the general commanding, in rear and left of the brick house.

I am, your obedient servant,

W. H. RANDALL,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

