
Numbers 300. Reports of Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and second New York Infantry.
CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA., May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters, I transmit to you the history of this regiment during our late absence from Aquia Creek.

The regiment left Aquia Creek, Va., April 26, and, marching 17 miles, encamped for the night.

April 27.- Passed through Summer Duck, or Crittenden's Mills; marched 14 miles, and again encamped for the night.

April 28.- Marched from 7 a. m. to 5 p. m.; distance not known.

April 29.- Passed through Kelly's Mills, and crossed Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, about noon; continued our march until 7 p. m., crossing the Rapidan River about dark.

April 30.- Marched from 7.30 a. m. until 4 p. m. toward Fredericksburg, Third Brigade in advance, with the One hundred and second New York Volunteers on the left, when we were filed to the right, formed in line of battle, and, with skirmishers thrown out, advanced through the trees about one-eighth of a mile to a narrow wagon road, when we halted for the night, the men lying on their arms.

May 1.- Disagreeable, rainy, and foggy; did not move until 1 p. m. Mustered the regiment in the morning for pay. A t 1 o'clock fell in, marched by the left flank to the Plank road, and, together with the rest of the Twelfth Corps, made a reconnaissance 2 miles to the front, when the corps was formed in line of battle, the Third Brigade on the right side of the Plank road. Skirmishers were thrown out, and the brigade advanced half a mile without meeting the enemy, when we found our-selves under a heavy fire from the rebel batteries. The line was here halted, and, after remaining about fifteen minutes, were faced to the rear, and marched back to the ground of the first line of battle. Here the command rested on their arms for nearly an hour, when we were again marched to our camping-ground of the previous night; cooked supper, and after dark formed rifle-pits of logs, with abatis in front, and filled in outside with dirt from trenches. These trenches were dug by the bayonets of the men, and the dirt removed by their tin cups and plates. Six miles of rifle-pits were reported to be completed in this army at sunrise next morning, and mostly completed without intrenched tools.

May 2.- Remained in rifle-pits, with occasional picket skirmishes with the enemy. IN the afternoon witnessed the breaking of the Eleventh Corps to our right and rear. The battery to the left of the Eleventh Corps, which was on a prolongation of our line to the right, had been firing heavily at the rebels marching past the front of the Twelfth Corps during the earlier part of the day, and apparently occupied its own ground at dark.

May 3, morning.- The spot occupied by the Eleventh Corps battery was now held by a heavy rebel battery. The Eleventh Corps was again formed, and volleys of musketry were heard to our right and rear. The rebel battery seemed firing at and engaged with one battery at the brick house. Soon after, the Eleventh Corps again broke, retreating across our rear, and the rebel battery, which, from its position, could enfilade our rifle pits, commenced shelling us. The firing on some parts of our line was very destructive, but the men generally kept well in the trenches.

