
by another, and that again left. When the second battery was completely in rear of the line of battle formed on the right of the brick house, we rose from our cover, and as fast as possible joined our brigade.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. C. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and second New York Volunteers.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 301. Reports of Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA., [May] -, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers during the late engagement near Chancellorsville:

On Thursday afternoon, April 30, in accordance with orders from you, we formed in line of battle, and marched through a piece of woods a short distance from the Fredericksburg Plank road, and on the right of the road. We stacked arms, and remained there during the night.

On Friday, accompanied the brigade on the reconnaissance, and returned to the position we formerly occupied about 4 p. m. About 10 p. m. received orders to throw up a small breastwork and cover the front with abatis; this occupied us until about 3 a. m. The men having very few tools, threw up most of this with tin plates and bayonets.

We were in position behind this breastwork until about 2 p. m., May 3, when we received orders to move out by the flank promptly. This order was countermanded as we neared the Plank road on the left, when we returned to our former position. On arriving there, the same orders were again given and obeyed, but on nearing the Plank road again were countermanded, when we again returned to our former position, where we remained until Sunday morning, when the enemy opened a heavy fire of shots and shell, killing and wounding several, and, being in a position to enfilade us, we lay in the trenches under fire for some time. We had orders to march out by the left flank, which we obeyed. We marched thus out of the trenches, crossed the Plank road, and then across an open field, where we struck the Fredericksburg road, and field into the woods, and there halted. While there, the enemy shelled our position, killing 1 and wounding several men. The firing was quite heavy. We then received orders to march, and, with the exception of a short halt for dinner, continued our march until we reached the road and within about 3 miles from the United States Ford, and there took a position. While there, received orders to report to General Barlow, of the Eleventh Corps. By his order we were stationed in a ravine on the road leading to the United States Ford. We remained in that position from the time we entered (at 8 p. m. Sunday evening) until Monday morning, during which time the rest of the brigade moved near our position; we then joined the brigade.

On Monday, about 9 a. m., received orders to make a reconnaissance on the River road. We went a short distance, when we received orders from Major Guindon, of General Slocum's staff, to retire, which order was obeyed, and we returned to the brigade, where we remained.

During the time this regiment was under fire, the officers and men obeyed all orders promptly, and manifested much coolness and bravery.

