
One man caught a shell that was on fire and threw it over the breastworks, and there it exploded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. P. HORTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.
HDQRS. 137TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the action of May 3:

The One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers went into with 29 commissioned officers and 534 enlisted men. We were in an intrenchment built by this regiment the night provisions with no other tools than bayonets and tin plates. The One hundred and second New York Volunteers were on our right and the Sixtieth New York Volunteers on our left.

About 7 a. m. the enemy got batteries in position on our right, and opened on us with shot and shell, raking our entrenchments completely. At the same time they opened on our front. We lay under that fire about two hours, having while there 1 commissioned officer wounded and 2 enlisted men killed. The men were perfectly cool, and some of them threw shells over the entrenchments, where they exploded. We then received orders to retire by the left flank, which order was obeyed, and after passing some batteries in an open field near the brick house, and while in a woods that was on our right, we were shelled again. Here we had 1 commissioned officer wounded and 1 enlisted man killed. We then marched with the brigade past the corps hospital, and, while resting in the woods, were again shelled. We returned again on the road toward the ford.

Toward evening received orders to report to General Barlow, of the Eleventh Corps, who stationed us in a ravine, where we took position. The brigade coming up in the morning, we joined it, and have been with it ever since.

Our loss is as follows:

Officers and	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

men.

Commissioned	.........	 2	 1	 3

officers

Enlisted men	 3	 14	 35	 52

Total*	 3	 16	 36	 55

The missing are supposed to have been taken prisoners.

I would most respectfully state that we had but 2 men leave the ranks without orders during the whole operations. One of them left on Monday. They have since returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Colonel One hundred and Thirty-seventh Regiment New York Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 185.

49 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

---------------

