
think the rebels will cross the Kanawha for lack of force and of boats. I have ordered the commandant of post at Point Pleasant to send a detachment to reconnoiter and reopen communication with Scammon, if possible. There are about 250 men in post at Point Pleasant. General Scammon was taking steps to protect his communication day before yesterday, and, unless the rebels are much greater than reported, will take care of them without withdrawing much from the Upper Kanawha.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH.

MARIETTA, OHIO, March 30, 1863.

The force at Point Pleasant is weaker than I supposed. General Scammon had ordered most of it to sustain the post of Hurricane Bridge, and only one company is left there. I have ordered steps taken to move all stores to Gallipolis. If any of General Burnside's troops are passing through, it would be well to detain a few en route at mouth of Kanawha a day or two.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH.

APRIL 1, 1863. - Skirmish near the mouth of Broad Run, Loudoun County, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Washington.

Numbers 2. - General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS STAHEL'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Fairfax Court House, Va., April 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report, which is, however, made up from verbal information received from Colonel Price, Lieutenant-Colonel Johnstone, and Major Taggart. I will forward the written reports as soon as it is received and shall take all possible means to ascertain the true state of the case.

It appears that on the evening of the 31st ultimo, Major Taggart, at Union Church, 2 miles above Peach Grove, received information that Mosby, with about 65 men, was near Dranesville. He immediately dispatched Captain Flint, with 150 men of the First Vermont, to rout or capture Mosby and his force.

Captain Flint followed the Leesburg and Alexandria road to the road which branches off to the right just this side of Broad Run. Turning to the right, they followed up the Broad Run toward the Potomac, to a

