
Numbers 302. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Koert S. Van Voorhis, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.HDQRS. 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,May 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to make the following report:

The One hundred and forty-ninth went into action on the morning of May 3,with 24 commissioned officers and 479 enlisted men. it was placed behind the breastworks early in the morning. The Seventy-eighth New York was on our right and the One hundred and thirty-seventh on our left.

About 7 a. m. the enemy got a battery in position on our right, and opened fire on our line, completely enfilading it.

We lay under a fire of shot, shell, and grape until about 9.30 a. m., when we were attacked by a heavy body of infantry on our right flank. After firing a few volleys, the regiment retired along the breastworks toward the cross-roads. We formed line several line several times while falling back perpendicular to the trench, and drive the enemy back each time. The enemy still kept advancing on our right and rear, and we fell back to the edge of the woods near the road. Here lay until the batteries began to leave, when we were ordered by General Hooker to join our brigade.

Lieutenant-Colonel Cook was wounded when we first began to fall back. Captain May then took command. Colonel Cook was almost immediately taken prisoner by some of the Mississippi Volunteers, but we rallied and got him again, taking his captors prisoners. We took about 20 prisoners of the Fifteenth [?] Mississippi Volunteers. We joined the brigade near the cross-roads, and marched with it to near the corps hospital. We have been with the brigade since.

We lost during the day 5 commissioned officers wounded (1 wounded and a prisoner) and 3 missing; 11 enlisted men killed, 62 wounded, and 106 missing. Total loss, 9 officers and 179 men.* I will send a report of the names of the killed, wounded, and missing to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KOERT S. VAN VOORHIS,

Lieutenant Colonel 137th N. Y. Vols., Commanding 149th N. Y. Vols.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 303. Report of Captain Joseph M. Knap, Battery E, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

CAMP NEAR AQUIA CREEK, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with the several orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac and corps and division headquarters, I furnish the following report of action and casualties and loss of material

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 185

---------------

