
and near Chancellorsville, Va., commencing on the 1st instant, my command comprising Knap's and Hampton's Independent Pennsylvania batteries, six guns each:

On the 1st instant Knap's battery, under command of Lieutenant Atwell, advanced with the corps, firing about 60 rounds with accuracy; the result not known.

During the evening of the same day the same battery, with two guns of Hampton's, assisted in repelling the attack on the front and left of the position occupied by the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps without loss or accident to either. Number of rounds fired, about 300.

On the morning of the 2nd, while endeavoring to stop the advance of the enemy on the left, a battery was brought to bear on our flank, and four guns of Knap's were placed in position, which in about forty-five minutes succeeded in silencing the enemy, exploding two of his caissons and dismounting one of his pieces. Two hundred rounds were fired, and 3 men and 3 horses of Knap's wounded, and 1 horse of Hampton's killed.

During the afternoon of the same day, two guns of Knap's (Dunlevy's section) advanced with a portion of the division under the command of Brigadier-General Kane, Lieutenant Atwell accompanying, having his other four guns in the rear, in readiness for action. After firing 12 rounds of case shot, the section was ordered back; Lieutenant Atwell wounded in the left arm severely, and one enlisted man mortally (since died).

During the evening our position, as originally, covered the division and left until the Eleventh Corps gave way. I then changed four guns to cover the right, should occasion demand, thus bringing into action my entire command - twelve pieces.

At 3 a. m. Sunday, the 3rd, I was ordered to place Hampton's six guns near the headquarters of General Williams, on the right of the Twelfth Corps, and at 4.15 a. m. was ordered to report with my other six guns (Knap's) to General Reynolds, commanding First Corps, where they remained in position during the day, covered by earthworks we had erected as a protection against musketry.

During the engagement of Sunday morning, Hampton's battery was hotly engaged for about three hours, and Captain Robert B. Hampton fell, mortally wounded (died a few hours after), while gallantly performing his duty.

In this action, one caisson of Hampton's was exploded; a second was disabled; 1 enlisted man was killed, 7 wounded (3 seriously), and over 20 horses killed and disabled, which, with the harness, were lost, compelling him to abandon the third caisson. No guns were lost. About 600 rounds were expended, and during the afternoon the battery was taken to the rear.

On the 4th, my battery was not engaged, and Hampton's, under Lieutenant Fleming, remained in the rear.

On the morning of the 5th, by order of General Hunt, I reported to Captain C. L. Best, chief of artillery, Twelfth Corps, at the United States Ford, and found Hampton's had before reported and crossed the river.

During the afternoon, Knap's was placed in position, assisted by four guns of Thompson's Pennsylvania, on the peninsula below the crossing, where it remained during the night. Being senior officer, I assumed command.

At early daylight, I found the enemy erecting a breastwork directly in our front, and ordered Captain Thompson to fire an occasional shot to hinder his operations.

