
About 9 a. m. the enemy opened on us with two batteries, four guns on our right, angling about 40 degrees, at 1,200 yards range. After a brisk fire for nearly an hour, we succeeded in silencing the battery in front, exploding two of his limbers, while Thompson silenced the guns on the right.
My loss was 3 men wounded and 4 horses.

It gives me pleasure to testify to the good conduct and bravery of the officers and men in the two batteries under my command; all did their duty nobly.

To Captain Elliott, ordnance officer of the division, credit is due for his gallant conduct in supplying the batteries with ammunition under the hottest fire.

It is with regret I report the following casualties:

Command.	Killed.	Wounded.	Killed.	Wounded.	Horses.

Knap's

(Pennsylvania)	........	 1	 1	 7	 8

battery

Hampton's

(Pennsylvania)	 1	........ 	 1 	 7	 20

battery

Total	 1	 1	 2	 14	 28

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. M. KNAP,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, 2nd Div., 12th Army Corps.

Brigadier General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 304. Reports of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army. commanding First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 11, 1863.

GENERAL: During the operations of the 2nd instant, near Chancellorsville, a portion of your troops came under my command, by your directions. I have, therefore, the honor to submit the following report of their services while under my immediate orders:

It was about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd instant that I received the orders of Major-General Hooker to move, with what force I had with me, to assist in the work of pursuing the enemy's wagon trains, reported to be moving westward by a road south of our position and your corps, then engaging the force covering the trains. I started immediately, with three small regiments (the Sixth New York, Eighth and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Martin's battery, Sixth New York Horse Artillery), and joined you near the headquarters of Scott's Run. Soon after, you corps began to drive the enemy rapidly, and I followed up the movement until I met you in the woods in the advance,

