
The other batteries were not more advantageously placed than this, and amid all the difficulties surrounding them achieved a glorious success. I cannot name the commanders of these batteries or parts of batteries under my orders at this time, as I was separated from them soon after the engagement ended. There were guns, however, in the line belonging to the Third and Eleventh Corps, Besides my own battery. Two officers I noticed in the fight not belonging to my command, Lieutenant Frank Crosby, who, I regret to learn, was afterward killed, and Lieutenant Cuyler, who had a section of Turnbull's Battery, Third Corps. Such soldiers, that cannot be shaken by the panic fears of their comrades or the dangers of the foe, are invincible. They may die, but will never yield.
Shortly after the repulse of the enemy, the Third Corps re-enforced the position. At daybreak my command was withdraw by orders from headquarters, and soon after moved into camp near the United States Ford.

On the 4th instant, the Second Cavalry Division and First Brigade were placed under my orders, and on the 5th I was directed to secure the different fords and crossings of the Rappahannock on the north side.

On the 6th, returned to our old camps.

I forward with this the reports of the commander of the Second Brigade and of Martin's battery, with accompanying papers.

I would respectfully recommend to the favorable notice of the major-general commanding Colonel T. C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade, as an officer worthy of promotion for his gallant conduct near Chancellorsville. Colonel Kellogg, of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, and Major Huey, of the Eighth Pennsylvania, are also entitled to mention. First Lieutenant Martin, of the Sixth New York Battery, proved himself an able commander of artillery. I indorse the recommendations made by these commanders in their several reports.

I have the honor to mention the officers of my staff who are entitled to it by the zeal and efficiency with which they discharged their several duties: Captain A. J. Cohen, assistant Adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. W. Spangler, Sixth Cavalry, division quartermaster; Captain Morton F. Hale, commissary of subsistence; Surg. Abner hard, surgeon-in-chief (this officer's skill, kindness, and attention to the sick and wounded in the field, of his own and other commands, is entitled to high commendation); Major W. H. Crocker, Sixth New York Cavalry, inspector-general of the division; Captain Joseph M. Kennedy, Ninth New York Cavalry, commissary of musters; Captain H. White, Sixth New York Cavalry, provost-marshal; Second Lieutenant J. K. Malone, Sixth New York Cavalry, ordnance officer; First Lieutenant W. H. Taylor, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, chief of ambulances, and First Lieuts. Clifford Thomson, First New York Cavalry (this officer distinguished himself at Germanna Ford and also at the battle near Chancellorsville by his daring, coolness, and courage), and J. M. Ward, Sixth Cavalry, aides-de-camp.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,]

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

