
to Germanna Ford. This was accomplished by continually skirmishing with the enemy (on the roads to the right), who fell back as our skirmishers advanced. The regiment did not loss a man, killing several of the enemy and taking 1 prisoner.

Owing to a misunderstanding of orders, Colonel Kellog had not been aware that there was a wagon train in rear of the column which he was expected to guard and bringing forward, and General Steinwehr, commanding division, Eleventh Corps, ordered the regiment back to meet the enemy on the road just passed over by the column.

On going to the rear, they were found posted in a woods, with one section of artillery and at least 300 cavalry, armed with carbines. Not being aware that a train was yet in the rear, and having no carbines with which to dismount and clear the woods, after he had ascertained the force of the enemy, Colonel Kellogg returned with his command to Germanna Ford.

He was again ordered to communicate with the train, which he then learned for the first time was still in the rear, returned to where the enemy were posted, charged and drove them down the road for a quarter of a mile, until he came upon a barricade of felled trees across the road. The night being very dark and rainy, he concluded to wait until daylight, having lost in the attack 8 horses but no men. When about moving to the rear again at daylight, he was ordered to the front to cross the Rapidan, scout to the right, and cover the column then marching to Chancellorsville. Picketed all the roads to the right and rear on the night of the 30th ultimo, and may 1 reported back to brigade headquarters, leaving to squadrons with General Howard, charged with the duty of picketing to his right and front, and observing the country toward Orange and Spotsylvania Court-House.

SIXTH NEW YORK CAVALRY.

By referring to the report of Captain Beardsley,* now commanding, I find that his regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McVicar, crossed at Kelly's Ford on the morning of the 29th ultimo in advance of General Slocum's column, and met the rebel cavalry in considerable force at Crook's Run. A sharp skirmish ensued, when the enemy retired, leaving as prisoners 1 lieutenant and 1 private of the First North Carolina cavalry. The regiment continued skirmishing and driving the enemy's vedettes to Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan. Near the ford we captured 3 of the First North Carolina Cavalry vedettes, the others retiring across the river. The ford was defended by 200 infantry, who were engaged in building a bridge. The regiment here dismounted and engaged the enemy on foot until our infantry came up, when they were speedily dislodged, leaving in our hands about 100 prisoners. At this point the regiment lost 1 non-commissioned officer killed, and Lieutenant [John F.] Ramsey and 3 privates of Troop E wounded.

On the morning of the 30th, the regiment again advanced, and met the enemy in considerable force at Wilderness Run. A fight ensued for the possession of the bridge, but after a short skirmish the rebels retired. The regiment continued to advance, skirmishing, to Louisa Run, where about 20 dismounted men were found picketing the ford; they retired into the woods as the column advanced.

Just about dark the rear guard was vigorously attacked and driven in; this was near the school-house on the road to Spotsylvania Court-House. The regiment was formed into line, faced to the rear in an

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

