
place marked "J. Mesed." Here, at a house, they came on to Mosby, who was completely surprised and wholly unprepared for an attack from our forces. Had a proper disposition been made of our troops, Mosby could not by any possible means have escaped. It seems that around this house was a high board fence and a stone wall, between which and the road was also another fence and ordinary farm gate. Captain Flint took his men through the gate, and at a distance from the house, fired a volley at Mosby and his men, who were assembled about the house, doing but slight damage to them. He then ordered a saber charge, which was also ineffectual on account of the fence which intervened. Mosby waited until the men were checked by the fence, and then opened his fire upon them, killing and wounding several. The men here became panic-stricken, and fled precipitately toward this gate, through which to make their escape. The opening was small,and they got wedged together, and a fearful state of confusion followed, while Mosby's men followed them up and poured into the crowd a severe fire. Here, while endeavoring to rally his men, Captain Flint was killed and Lieutenant Grout of the same company, mortally wounded (will probably die to-day.).* Mosby's men followed in pursuant and sobered several of our men on the road. Mosby, during his pursuit is supposed to have received a saber wound across the face, which unhorsed him. The rebels took some prisoners and a number of horses and fell back in great haste. In comparison to the number engaged, our loss was very heavy.

As soon as Major Taggart received the report he sent Major Hall in pursuit of Mosby, and to bring in our killed and wounded. Upon receiving the first intelligence, I immediately sent out Colonel Prive, with a detachment of the Sixth and Seventh Michigan and First Virginia Cavalry, who searched in every direction, but no trace could be found of Mosby or his men, as information reached me too late.

I regret to be obliged to inform the commanding general that the forces sent out by Major Taggart missed so good an opportunity of capturing this rebel guerrilla. It is only to be ascribed to the bad management on the part of the officers and the cowardice of the men. I have ordered Colonel Price to make a thorough investigation of this matter, and shall recommend those officers who are guilty to be stricken from the rolls.

The list of killed and wounded will be forwarded as soon as received.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Fred's, April 4, 1863.

MR. PRESIDENT: Major John S. Mosby reports# that he was attacked early on the morning of the 2nd [1st] instant, near Dranesville, by about

---------------

*Captain Flint and Lieutenant Charles A. Woodbury were the officers killed. Lieutenant Josiah Grout, jr., was discharged (as captain) October 1, 1863.

#See skirmish on the Little River Turnpike, &c., March 23, p. 70.

---------------

