
side. They did not attempt to retire, and I sent to General Meade for instructions, as I had understood that he did not wish to cross until he heard from the column at Germanna.

On General Meade's arrival, he ordered me to cross the ford, which I did with Major Huey and Lieutenant Daily's troop, of Eighth Pennsylvania, the remainder of the detachment following. The enemy's pickets remained until we had nearly crossed the ford, when they fled by the road to Chancellorsville. Sending the detachment first across in pursuit, I stopped the second squadron, and sent it, with a competent guide, to scour the country to the right toward the Orange Plank road and Germanna, from which point I expected the enemy would be driven about that time. General Griffin having crossed with his division, I picketed the roads to the right and left and went into camp. In the meantime the squadron sent to barnett's Ford, having found no enemy, joined Major Keenan, and the detachment, proceeding to Richards' Ford, surprised the enemy in their rifle-pits, and captured 28 men and 1 commissioned officer.

The next morning, April 30, at 3 o'clock, I sent Major Huey, with three squadrons, to reach the United States Ford, if practicable, and open communication with our forces opposite. The enemy were met on the road to Chancellorsville just before reaching the intersection of that leading to the United States Ford. The advance guard, under Lieutenant Carpenter, charged down on them, capturing one company of the Twelfth Virginia, with all their officers (3). The enemy then retreated to their rifle-pits, and some severe skirmishing ensued, when, by a brilliant charge, they were driven from their works to a wood in their rear. Captain McCallum, Eighth Pennsylvania, had his horse killed under him.

Having come up by this time with the other squadrons, I directed the skirmishers to advance. the woods were soon cleared, and the command charged into Chancellorsville, from which place the rebels retreated in haste. Six prisoners were captured in this last skirmish.

I immediately notified General Meade of the occupation of Chancellorsville, with a request that the point, from its evident importance, might be occupied in force.

On General Meade's arrival, I was ordered to proceed in the direction of banks' Ford and ascertain the presence of the enemy at that point. Proceeding down the old Fredericksburg turnpike, I ascertained that Mahone's (rebel) brigade was just ahead of me, and on reaching the foot of a hill beyond the crest of which the roads from the United States and banks' Fords intersect, we came upon the enemy's pickets, who retired very slowly, rendering it evident that they were confident of support.

Major Keenan, who was in advance with two squadrons, here dismounted a part of his command, and, deploying them on each side of the road as skirmishers, advanced through the thick woods that led to the crest of the hill. A brass gun, evidently masked, could be seen on the left of the crest, raking the road. As the skirmishers neared the crest through the woods, the enemy opened a heavy fire on them from at least a regiment, and compelled them to withdraw.

Ascertaining that the enemy had works of some kind on the hill, and feeling that my force was not sufficient to force their position, I sent word to General Meade, who sent down Griffin's division. General Griffin, having sent a brigade into the woods and felt the enemy's position, withdrew (by orders) to Chancellorsville with out engaging them. The regiment lost 3 men wounded in this skirmish. After dark I withdrew

