
the regiment half a mile, and behind the Run, and went into camp, leaving my vedettes in front.

The next morning, May 1, at sunrise, I was ordered to report to General Hooker in Person, and soon after the pickets were driven in, the regiment went to their support, and severe skirmishing ensued. Several charges were made by the regiment, and the ground was held until the arrival of General Sykes with his division, when, after a sharp action, the position was carried. A detachment from the Eighth Pennsylvania, sent to the left, captured 17 prisoners. The regiment then went into camp with the brigade.

On the afternoon of May 2, the brigade (with the exception of a squadron of the Sixth New York, under Captain Crocker, on picket at Ely's Ford), was ordered to the front, in rear of General Howard's line, and on the right of general Sykles', about 1 mile from Chancellorsville. Shortly after, I was ordered to report with the Sixth New York to General Birney, then about 3 miles to the left. On reporting to him, he ordered me to return with my command with my command and ascertain in the Plank road was open to Chancellorsville. His infantry columns were at that time retiring.

I succeeded in reaching the field where I had left the brigade under General Pleasonton, and found the infantry about forming line. I immediately ordered a detachment to make their way to the Plank road by the road we had come. When half-way, they were fired upon from skirmishers in the woods, and finally ran into the enemy's infantry, in column, and were driven back. I immediately formed the Sixth New York in line, facing the road, reported the facts to General Whipple, who ordered his skirmishers to the front, and to General Birney as soon as he came upon the field. I then retired my command into the hollow in rear of the line, where the Seventeenth Pennsylvania reported to me. I was ordered by General Sickles to post vedettes around the skirt of woods that encompassed the position. I assigned this duty to the Sixth New York. I had previously thrown out pickets on the extreme left, near General Birney's former position. In the meantime the Eighth Pennsylvania (which command I had left on the field with General Pleasonton) had been sent to the support of General Howard, and, finding his line of battle broken and retired to their rear, had charged down on the enemy's lines between them and the brick house, which they succeeded reaching, losing Major Keenan, Captain Arrowsmith, Adjutant Haddock, and about 30 men and 80 horses. The charge, however, had the effect of disordering and checking the enemy at that point. The regiment then formed as provost in front of the brick house, where it remained for the night. the Seventeenth Pennsylvania had, by order of General Pleasonton, been formed in support of the batteries with which he had driven back the enemy' advance after the Eleventh Corps had broken. Their steadiness under the severe fire elicited much commendation.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, I was ordered by Major-General Sickles to hold my command in readiness to cover the movement of his column from the field. I drew in my vedettes and awaited the movement. The fire becoming very hot, and working around to my right and rear, I formed the two regiments (Sixth New York and Seventeenth Pennsylvania) in the hollow on the left of the battle-line, but the fire from the front, right, and left had by this time so become so concentrated on the position that it was unless to look for cover, and my men began to drop fast, although the line was steady as a rock. At this moment I was ordered to report to General Hooker with my command.

