
Of those that we have lost their reputation belongs to the whole command. The daring bravery of McVicar and the spending fighting of Keenan will not soon be forgotten by those who witnessed it.

Captain Aitkens and Heermance, of the Sixth New York, and captain Arrowsmith and Adjutant Haddock, of the Eighth Pennsylvania (supposed to be wounded and in the hands of the enemy), were also distinguished for bravery.

Were I to enumerate every officer who behaved well, I have to send you the roster of the whole command. Those mentioned above are simply officers whose position or duties gave them opportunity to distinguish themselves.

Lieutenants [Henry] Mahnken and [Raymond L.] Wright, of the brigade staff, were constantly under fire, and willing, prompt, and cool in the transmission of orders.

I respectfully inclose tabular lists of killed, wounded, and missing,* prisoners taken by this brigade, and property lost and captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 306. Reports of Major Pennock Huey, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NEAR POTOMAC BRIDGE, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under my command, from the 29th day of April, when we broke camp at Grove Church and crossed the Rappahannock, until we recrossed on the 4th of may:

On the 29th of April, I crossed the Rappahannock River with my command at Kelly's Ford, and took the advance on the road to Richardsville, driving the enemy's vedettes before us. At Richardsville Major Keenan was sent to the left, to richards' ford, with two squadrons, surprising the enemy's pickets and capturing 28 prisoners, including a commissioned officer. With the balance of the regiment and a company of the First Michigan, I advanced to Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, crossed, and charged the enemy's pickets, driving them about 2 miles. After picketing the approach to the ford, I went into camp on the south side of the stream. The next morning, April 30, I moved at 4 o'clock, with orders to proceed to Unit States Ford. Found the enemy at the junction of the roads leading to United States and Richards' Fords, near Chancellorsville. My advance guard, under command of Lieutenant Carpenter, charged, capturing one company of the Twelfth Virginia Regiment, with all of its officers (3). After severe skirmishing with the enemy, who were behind breastworks, for about two hours, we succeeded in driving them from their position to a woods in the rear, where another severe skirmish took place, ending in the retreat of the enemy about 1 1/2 miles on the Fredericksburg turnpike and the occupation of Chancellorsville by our troops. We captured

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 185.

---------------

