
in this skirmish 6 prisoners. After waiting at Chancellorsville until general Griffin arrived with his division of infantry, we then moved down the Fredericksburg turnpike, finding the enemy in force behind breastworks. After severe skirmishing, with a loss of 3 men, I picketed the road and fell back 1 1/2 miles, camping for the night.

The same day two squadrons of my regiment, under command of Captain Arrowsmith, were sent as an advance guard to General Sykes' division to United States Ford, opening communication with General Couch, who occupied the opposite shore.

On the morning of May 1, the rebels attacked our pickets, driving them in. The regiment was immediately sent to their support, and severe skirmishing ensued. Several charges were made, and the enemy held in check until General arrived with his division. A small detachment sent to the left succeeded in capturing 17 prisoners. The next morning, May 2, the regiment moved with the balance of the brigade, under command of General Pleasonton, to the front and right of General Sickles' division, about 1 mile from Chancellorsville. Shortly afterward, I was ordered to report with my command to General Howard, who was Sickles' right. We moved off briskly to the right, and found General Howard had fallen back, and the enemy's skirmish-line had crossed the road on which we were moving, throwing us between their skirmishers and battle-line. The whole regiment made a desperate charge on the main column of Jackson's corps, who were crossing the road in our front, completely checking the enemy, losing Major Keenan, Captain Arrowsmith, and Adjutant Haddock, with about 30 men and about 80 horses. I immediately reformed the regiment to support the Reserve Artillery. We afterward moved back, and formed across the roads, to stop stragglers of the Eleventh Corps. Here we remained all night.

On May 3, I was ordered by General Pleasonton to cross the river, and picket the road from Hartwood Church toward Kelly's Ford, and scout the country. Finding no enemy, I was ordered to return, and bivouacked near United States Ford.

On the morning of may 4, at daybreak, our reveille was sounded by the rebels shelling our camp; 2 horses were killed. On the same day, I reported to General Sedgwick, at Banks' Ford, and was by him ordered to report to General Howe, on his left, whose forces were being severely pressed. Only 2 horses were lost, although the fire was very severe.

Lieutenants Garrett and Baker, with Companies C and I, of this regiment, brought up the rear, and swam their companies across the river, the pontoons having been removed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PENNOCK HUEY,

Major, Commanding Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel T. C. DEVIN,

Commanding Second brigade, First Cavalry Division.

JACKSON, MISS., May 18, 1866.

MY DEAR SIR:

* * * * * * *

In the report of the operations of my regiment, under your command, at Chancellorsville, there was one thing I have often thought should have been in it, since I came South and learned some of the particulars

