
of Jackson's operations on the night of May 2. When I made that charge, or started to make it, we were a considerable distance inside of their advance line, and farther out than the head of his column, and moving at right angles to it. The main portion of the regiment charged his front, and two squadrons from the rear (for we were in column) charged toward the flank of his column, at which time I am satisfied they drove him back on his own column, when he was wounded mortally. Of these facts I am entirely satisfied, with the amount of information I have on the subject, and if such is the case beyond a doubt, I have often thought our command should have the credit of it, at least in the history of the war.
* * * * * * *

I am, very sincerely, your obedient servant,

PENNOCK HUEY.

Major General A. PLEASONTON.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

May 29, 1866.

This copy is respectfully referred to Major-General Rawlins, chief of staff, according to the request of the writer, to be incorporated in the history of the war. The writer, General Huey, commanded the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under my orders, at the battle of Chancellorsville, and charged the head of Jackson's column by my direction at the time it was causing the rout of the Eleventh Corps. General Huey was distinguished for gallantry and energy, and fidelity in his reports, and the information I have already submitted in my reports of the battle of Chancellorsville go to confirm the inclosed statement that Jackson was mortally wounded by our troops in his attack upon our right at that time.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major and Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 307. Report of Lieutenant Joseph W. Martin, Sixth Battery New York Light Artillery.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit for your consideration the following report of the participation of my battery, the Sixth Independent New York, in the recent movements and engagements of this army:

In accordance with orders from headquarters First Division, Cavalry Corps, I marched from camp, near Potomac Bridge, on the 29th ultimo, at 6 a. m., with instructions to report to Brigadier-General Pleasonton at Grove Church, on the road leading from Hartwood Church to Morrisville, Va. I had hardly unparked the battery, however, when the order was changed so as to specify Hartwood Church instead of Grove Church.

At 4 p. m. (about one hour after I had arrived at Hartwood Church), I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to report to him with my battery at once at the United States Ford. I succeeded in getting

50 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

