
brigadier-general commanding throughout the action, and a few flattering words which he spoke to them while the engagement was progressing were sufficient to assure me that he was more than satisfied with the conduct of all them. I feel certain that when the next struggle comes they will not be found wanting.

In conclusion, captain, I beg leave to return my sincere thanks to the brigadier-general commanding for the uniform kindness and courtesy with which myself and my command were treated during the operations of the division. It was owing entirely to his exertions and to those of his staff that my battery was kept so well supplied in everything necessary to its sustenance, and the fact that six hours after it had arrived at its original camp it was ready again for service as a full battery speaks highly for the forethought and attention which he paid my command while it was a participator in the late operations of the Army of the Potomac.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. MARTIN,

First Lieutenant Commanding 6th Indpt. N. Y. Battery Horse Artillery.

Captain A. J. COHEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 308. Organization of the Army of Northern Virginia.*

FIRST CORPS.+

M'LAWS' DIVISION.

Major General LAFAYETTE MCLAWS.

Wofford's Brigade.

Brigadier General W. T. WOFFORD.

16th Georgia.

18th Georgia.

24th Georgia.

Cobb's Georgia Legion.

Phillips' Georgia Legion.

Semmes' Brigade.

Brigadier General PAUL J. SEMMES.

10th Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Holt.

50th Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel F. Kearse.

51st Georgia:

Colonel W. M. Slaughter.

Lieutenant Colonel Edward Ball.

53rd Georgia, Colonel James P. Simms.

Kershaw's brigade.

Brigadier General JOSEPH B. KERSHAW.

2nd South Carolina, Colonel John D. Kennedy.

3rd South Carolina, Major R. C. Maffett.

7th South Carolina, Colonel Elbert Bland.

8th South Carolina, Colonel John W. Henagan.

15th South Carolina, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Gist.

3rd South Carolina Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Rice.

Barksdale's Brigade.

Brigadier General WILLIAM BARKSDALE.

13th Mississippi, Colonel J. W. Carter.

17th Mississippi, Colonel W. D. Holder.

18th Mississippi, Colonel Thomas M. Griffin.

21st Mississippi, Colonel B. G. Humphreys.

---------------

* Actual commanders indicated as far as practicable.

+ Lieutenant-General Longstreet, with Hood's and Pickett's divisions and Dearing's and Henry's artillery battalion, in Southeastern Virginia.

---------------

