
was sent back to arrest his progress, and repulsed him handsomely that afternoon at Tabernacle Church. Learning that this force consisted of two corps under General Sedgwick, I determined to attack it. Leaving a sufficient force to hold General Hooker in check, who had not recrossed the Rappahannock, as was reported, but occupied a strong position in front of the United States Ford, I marched back yesterday with general Anderson, and, uniting with McLaws and Early in the afternoon, succeeded by the blessing of Heaven in driving General Sedgwick over the river. We have reoccupied Fredericksburg, and no enemy remains south of the Rappahannock in its vicinity.

R. E. LEE,

General.

His Excellency President Davis.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of the operations of this army from the time the enemy crossed the Rappahannock, on April 28 last, to his retreat over that river on the night of May 5, embracing the battles of Chancellorsville, Salem Church, &amp;c. I also forward the reports of the several commanding officer of corps, divisions, brigades, and regiments, and the returns of the medical and ordnance departments, together with a map of the scene of operations.* The accompanying reports and other documents are enumerated in a schedule annexed to my report.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 21, 1863.

GENERAL: After the battle of the Fredericksburg, the army remained encamped on the south side of the Rappahannock until the latter part of April. The Federal Army occupied the north side of the river opposite Fredericksburg, extending to the Potomac. Two brigades of [R. H.] Anderson's division - those of Generals [William] Mahone and [Carnot] Posey - were stationed near the United States Mine (or Bark Mill) Ford, and a third, under General [C. M.] Wilcox, guarded Banks' Ford. The cavalry was distributed on both flanks, Fitzhugh Lee's brigade picketing the Rappahannock above the mouth of the Rapidan and W. H. F. Lee's near Port Royal. Hampton's brigade had been sent into the interior to recruit. General [James] Longstreet, with two divisions of his corps, was detached for service south of James River in February, and did not rejoin the army until after the battle of Chancellorsville.

With the exception of the engagement between Fitzhugh Lee's brigade and the enemy's cavalry near Keely's Ford on March 17, of which a brief report has been already forwarded to the Department, nothing of interest transpired during this period of inactivity.

On April 14, intelligence was received that the enemy's cavalry was

---------------

* To appear in Atlas.

+ Ommited.

---------------

