
notwithstanding the very severe storm and the exposure consequent thereon, cheerfully performed the duty assigned them, in a manner most satisfactory to me and creditable to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

[Major-General.]

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., THIRD CORPS,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 9, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, of the 7th instant, I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the late expedition.

In accordance with orders received of Wednesday evening; the 4th instant, to be prepared to march on secret service at an early hour the next morning with three days' cooked rations and sixty rounds of ammunition, started my brigade at about 8 o'clock on Thursday morning, and marched in the direction of Hartwood church, reaching there about 3 p. m. Resumed the march toward Grove Church, and bivouacked near Deep Run about 6 p. m.

Next morning one section of Dimick's battery reported to me, and the march was resumed at 8 o'clock; reached Grove Church about 10.30 a. m. Bivouacked my command in the woods near the church, and threw out strong pickets on the Ellis Fort road, the Marsh, and byroads to Morrisville.

At 4 p. m. I sent the Fifth and Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Colonel Sewell, to occupy certain cross-roads near Morrisville.

At 4 p. m. I sent the Fifth and Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Colonel Sewell, to occupy certain cross-roads near Morrisville.

At 6 p. m. orders were received to return to camp. i immediately started the artillery, and having called in the Fifth and Sixth New Jersey Volunteers and my pickets, I left Grove Church at 8 p. m., and marched to within about 1 mile of Hartwood church, where I bivouacked for the night. Next morning, the 7th instant, I resumed the march, and reached camp about 3 p. m.

Owing to the inclement weather, starting in a severe snow-storm, which lasted all day, interspersed with hail and rain, raining all night and part of the next day, the next night being exceedingly cold, and on Saturday the sun coming out thawed the roads so that it was terrible marching, it may be called one of the most severe expeditions on the command that any troops have been called upon to perform. I am happy to say that it was performed without a murmur, and that I have no casualties to report.

Inclosed I forward regimental commanders' reports.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier General U. S. Vols., Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain LE GRANT BENEDICT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Third Army Corps.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

