
from their position, when a very exciting and hazardous chase ensued, the enemy scattering in every direction. During the engagement the enemy lost 1 man killed nd 15 prisoners. 15 horses, and 50 stand of arms, which we destroyed. After resting an hour, I started for Hurricane Bridge, arriving there at 8 o'clock, and remained there during the night.

From thence marched, on the 6th, to Camp Piatt, leaving the prisoners at Charleston for whom you will herein find a receipt.*

The result of the expedition was: Killed, 1; captured, 3 commissioned officers and 31 enlisted men and 30 horses, and destroyed between 75 and 100 stand of arms. No one hurt on our side.

I cannot close this report without saying that all the officers and men acted nobly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. DOVE

Captain Second West Virginia Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel J. C. PAXTON.

Commanding Second Regiment West Virginia Cavalry .

APRIL 3-6, 1863.- Scout from Fairfax Court-House to Middleburg, Va.

Report of Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Department of Washington.
HDQRS. STAHEL'S CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF WASHINGTON,Fairfax Court-House, April 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report with regard to the reconnaissance under command of Brigadier General J. F. Copeland, which left this place on the 3rd day of April, and returned here early on the morning of the 6th instant, that it proceeded as far as Middleburg, and searched diligently through that whole section of country without meeting any enemy in force, or ascertaining definitely the whereabouts of Mosby. Small detachments of rebels, however, were occasionally seen, but scattered on the approach of our troops.

On the 4th instant, early in the morning, in front of Middleburg, a collision occurred between one of his pickets and some of the enemy's resulting in the death of one and the wounding of another on each side. During the expedition there were captured and arrested 61 prisoners, citizens and soldiers, 53 horses, 2 mules, a quantity of wheat, 3 wagons, saddles, bridles, guns, sabers, &amp;cc., all of which were turned over to the provost-marshal of this place, and by him to Colonel [Lafayette C.] Baker, Washington, a copy of whose receipt is inclosed within.*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &c.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

