
issue of the contest is in great measure due. The ground was not favorable for its employment, but every suitable position was taken with alacrity, and the operations of the infantry supported and assisted with a spirit and courage not second to their own. It bore a prominent part in the final assault which ended in driving the enemy from the field at Chancellorsville, silencing his batteries, and by a destructive enfilade fire upon his works opened the way for the advance of our troops.

Colonel Crutchefield, Alexander, and [R. L.] Walker, and Lieutenant-Colonels [J. T.] Brown, [T. H.] Carter, and [R. S.] Andrews, with the officers and men of their commands, are mentioned as deserving especial commendation. The batteries under General Pendleton also acted with great gallantry.

The cavalry of the army at the time of these operations was much reduced. To its vigilance and energy we were indebted for timely information of the enemy's movements before the battle, and for impeding his march to Chancellorsville. It guarded both flanks of the army during the battle at that place, and a portion of its, as has been already stated, rendered valuable service in covering the march of Jackson to the enemy's rear.

The Horse Artillery accompanied the infantry, and participated with credit to itself in the engagement. The nature of the country rendered it impossible for the cavalry to do more.

When the enemy's infantry passed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford, his cavalry, under General Stoneman, also crossed in large force, and proceeded through Culpeper County toward Gordonsville, for the purpose of cutting the railroads to Richmond. General Stuart had nothing to oppose to this movement by two regiments of Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee's brigade (the Ninth and Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry). General Lee fell back before the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, and, after holding the railroad bridge over the Rapidan during May 1, burned the bridge, and retired to Gordonsville at night. The enemy avoided Gordonsville, and reached Louisa Court-House, on the Central Railroad, which he proceeded to break up. Dividing his force, a part of it also cut the Richmond and Fredericksbug Railroad, and a part proceeded to Columbia, on the James River and Kanawha Canal, with a design of destroying the aqueduct at that place. The small command of General Lee exerted itself vigorously to defeat this purpose. The damage done to the railroads was small, and soon repaired, and the canal was saved from injury. The details of his operations will be found in the accompany memorandum,* and are creditable to officers and men.

The loss of the enemy in the battle of Chancellorsville and the other engagements was severe. His dead, and a large number of wounded, were left on the field. About 5,000 prisoners, exclusive of the wounded, were taken, and 13 pieces of artillery, 19,500 stand of arms, 17 colors, and a large quantity of ammunition fell into our hands.

To the members of my staff I am greatly indebted for assistance in observing the movements of the enemy, positing troops, and conveying orders. On so extended and varied a field all were called into requisition, and all evinced the greatest energy and zeal.

The medical director of the army, Surgeon [L.] Guilt, with the officers of his department, were untiring in their attention to the wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel [J. L.] Corley, chief quartermaster, took charge of the disposition and safety of the trains of the army.

---------------

*See the Stoneman raid, post.

---------------

