
Lieutenant-Colonel [Robert G.] Cole, chief commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant-Colonel [Briscoe G.] Baldwin, chief of ordnance, were everywhere on the field attending to the wants of their departments.

General Chilton, chief of staff, Lieutenant-Colonel [E.] Murray, Major [Henry E.] Peyton, and Captain [H. E.] Young, of the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, were active in seeing to the execution of orders; Lieutenant-Colonel [William P.] Smith and Captain [Samuel R.] Johnson, of the Engineers, in reconnoitering the enemy and constructing batteries; Colonel [Armistead L.] Long in position troops and artillery.

Majors [Walter H.] Taylor, [T. M. R.] Talcott, [Charles] Marshall, and [Charles S.] Venable were engaged night and day in watching the operations, carrying orders, &amp;c.

Respectfully submitted.

R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 59. May 7, 1863.

With heartfelt gratification the general commanding expresses to the army his sense of the heroic conduct displayed by officers and men during the arduous operations in which they have just been engaged. Under trying vicissitudes of head and storm, you attacked the enemy, strongly entrenched in the depths of a tangled wilderness, and again on the hills of Fredericksburg, 15 miles distant, and, by the valor that has triumphed on so many fields, forced him once more to seek safety beyond the Rappahannock. While this glorious victory entitles you to the praise and gratitude of the nation, we are especially called upon to return our grateful thanks to the only Giver of victory for the signal deliverance He has wrought. It is, therefore, earnestly recommended that the troops unite on Sunday next in ascribing to the Lord of Hosts the glory due unto His name.

Let us not forget in our rejoicing the brave soldiers who have fallen in defense of their country; and, while we mourn their loss, let us resolve to emulate their noble example.

The army and the country, alike lament the absence for a time of one to whose bravery, energy, and skill they are so much indebted for success.

The following letter from the President of the Confederate States is communicated to the army as an expression of his appreciation of its success:

[General LEE:]

I have received your dispatch, and reverently unite with in giving praise to God for the success with which He has crowned our arms.

In the name of the people, I offer my cordial thanks to yourself and the troops under your command for this addition to the unprecedent series of great victories which your army has achieved.

The universal rejoicing produced by this happy result will be mingled with a general regret for the good and the brave who are numbered among the killed and the wounded.

R. E. LEE,

General.

