
Huger's battery arrived later, and was given the same direction, and the two batteries of Cabell's battalion reached McLaws' headquarters on the same afternoon.

Deeming it my duty to press on the artillery, I remained on the road near Massapanox Church, where I arrived not long after midday, and sent an aide to General Lee to report my arrival, and my expectation that most of the guns would be thus far that night. All did arrive but the Washington Artillery, which,by taking some unknown way, lost time. The commanding general returned me a note directing that the batteries should be there parked, and that I should call at headquarters for instructions very early next day. By dawn Friday, May 1, I was accordingly at general headquarters, and received directions to send no more guns to the left, as enough had gone, but to retain those left for the defense of the lines near Fredericksburg. The superintendence of the artillery defense on these lines was also committed to me.

Having received these instructions, I proceeded at once to your headquarters, knowing that the defense was under you chief command. The amount of artillery on your immediate front, the right of our general position, you judged sufficient. It was also, I knew, admirably directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, so that in your view, as in my own, my chief duty was to supervise on the left of your position. Without delay, therefore, I proceeded to examine the aspect of affairs. The whole demonstration of the enemy was then below Deep Run, and I therefore posted Colonel Nelson with his batteries on the slope to the left of the broad flat reaching from Deep Run to your front. Most of his guns were in position, perhaps by 10 o'clock. On the crest back of Howison's house, and reaching to the Telegraph road, I found already in position Carlton's battery on the right, three 20-pounder Parrotts in the center, and Fraser's battery on the left. Two rifled pieces of Parker's battery were also in position in the pits farthest to the right, on Marye's Hill.

With General Barksdale, commanding the infantry on this front, I sought conference and exchange of views. While we were thus together to the redoubt on Lee's Hill, the commanding general himself came to the spot. It was perhaps 10 or 11 o'clock. All was quiet; the enemy showed no disposition to advance, and attack was hardly anticipated. Still, to be ready, my arrangements for getting more artillery on Marye's Hill were approved by General Lee, and his earnest counsels were given to be prepared - not to be deceived by pretended movements of the enemy - and, when his real movement came, to meet him with the utmost energy and determination.

While there, to commanding general handed me a signal message from Port Royal, announcing two gunboats as there, and shelling the place. He wished a battery sent down immediately. This occasioned me some embarrassment, because the Washington Artillery had not yet arrived, and Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts' guns had to be relied upon for Marye's Hill. His battalion had been ordered forward for that purpose. Having heard, however, that the Washington Artillery would arrive during the day, and all in front being entirely quiet, I concluded at once to send river bluffs near Port Royal. Patterson's battery, of that battalion, now alone remained, and was left ready for assignment, as occasion might require. Toward evening the enemy began to make a great display of force, especially on the other side of the river. Heavy columns marched over the hills back of Falmouth, toward their own right. This, however, we rather interpreted as a feint, as no wagon

