
the same time Carlton's battery reached the Telegraph road, near the first house. It was just at this moment and place that I had the satisfaction of meeting yourself. Not knowing, however, that your other troops were coming up, and to guard against begin flanked up the ravine on the left, I should have preferred a position for the batteries farther back. Colonel Walton was instructed to form for action at the first favorable point. You deemed it advisable, however, to make the first stand just at the house, and desired me to have guns placed there. Colonel Cabell, therefore, under my supervision, at once formed Carlton's battery at the point for action. The guns were admirably served, under a warm fire from the enemy, who had brought a battery into position, and had formed in line of battle on the crest, some 600 or 800 yards distant. A few shots dispersed their line of battle, but their artillery operated severely for some time.

Carlton's ammunition being exhausted, his battery had to pass to the rear. Fraser had also shot away all his supply. Two of Patterson's guns had been left disabled, and his others were not the most efficient. I therefore sent to Colonel Walton to bring up his guns to this advanced position. Before he did so, however, the enemy had ceased firing, and had retired from view on that front. Subsequently, your other troops having arrived from below and those of General Barksdale and Hays having come in, your line was formed where Colonel Walton had posted his guns. Thus matters remained during the evening no incident occurring except the prompt driving back, by a few shots from our cannon, of a small ordnance train that incautiously ventured out on the Telegraph road.

Reports that the enemy had mainly moved up the Plank road toward Chancellorsville were confirmed by your own observation in that direction. Colonel Cabell and Major Jeff. Page, jr., both of the artillery, one of my aides and myself, accompanying you on the ride.

Our loss in the events thus described was:

In the Washington Artillery - Killed: Non-commissioned officers, 3; privates, 1-4. Wounded: Commissioned officers,1; non-commissioned officers,3; privates, 4-8. Missing: Commissioned officers,3; non-commissioned officers,4; privates, 26-33. Total 45. Guns, &amp;c., lost: One United States 3-inch rifle and limber; 3 Napoleons, 1 limber and 1 caisson; 2 howitzers (12-pounder) and limber. Total, 6 guns, 4 limbers, and 1 caisson. Horses killed and captured, 29.

From the section of Parker's battery - Missing: Commissioned officers,1; non-commissioned officers,4; privates, 18-23. Guns lost, 2 10-pounder Parrotts, 2 limbers, 2 caissons. Horses killed and captured, 28.

From Patterson's battery, Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts' battalion, general reserve - slightly wounded: Privates,3. Guns lost: One Napoleon, 1 limber, disabled; 1 howitzer (12-pounder), 1 limber, disabled. Total, 2 guns, 2 limbers. These guns were afterward recaptured, and are still in service. Horses killed, 4.

From Captain Fraser's battery - Killed: Commissioned officers,1; lost 1 caisson, limber being blown up.

From Captain Carlton's battery - Killed: Privates, 1; wounded, 10-11. Horses killed,1; wounded, 2-3.

Ultimate loss, killed, wounded, and missing: Commissioned officers, 6; non-commissioned officers,11; privates, 53-70. Guns and limbers, 8; caissons, 4. Horses, 64 killed, wounded, and captured.

This loss, although undoubtedly in some respects to be regretted, proved in the end connected with important benefits, for had the enemy

