
While thus rendering tribute to fidelity, I take peculiar pleasure in directing attention to an instance, recorded by Colonel Cabell, of heroism in Richard W. Saye, a private of Captain Carlton's battery. A shell, with the fuse still burning, had fallen near; it was pointed out to Saye; he unhesitatingly seized it and threw it over the parapet, probably saving lives thereby, as the shell exploded a moment after.

In closing this report, I would record a grateful acknowledgment of the kind Providence which spared us again through many dangers, and out of patrial loss brought substantial victory.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

Major General JUBAL A. EARLY,

Commanding, &amp;c.

No. 312. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Briscoe G. Baldwin, C. S. Army, Chief of Ordnance.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the number, description, and present location of the pieces of artillery captured in the recent engagements, as reported to me:

Colonel R. L. Walker's Battalion. - One 12-pounder Napoleon and two

3-inch rifles.

Colonel H. P. Jones' Battalion. - One 10-pounder Parrot and two 12-pounder Napoleons.

At Ordnance Depot, Guiney. - One 12-pounder Napoleon.

Garnett's Battalion. - One 3-inch rifle.

Stuart's Horse Artillery. - Four 3-inch rifles and one 12-pounder Napoleon.

Those in Stuart's Horse Artillery are not officially reported, but I believe, from sufficient evidence, that the number and description of pieces is accurately stated.

The final destination of these guns is subject to your decision.

Very respectfully,

BRISCOE G. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the principal captures in the recent engagements near Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville:

Artillery:-Five 12-pounder Napoleons, seven 3-inch rifles, one 10-pounder

