
Parrot, nine caissons, four rear parts of caissons, three battery wagons, two forges, 1,500 rounds artillery ammunition, a large lot of artillery harness, and a large of wheels, axles, ammunition chests, &amp;c.

Infantry.-Nineteen thousand five hundred muskets and rifles (29,500 collected, 10,000 admitted dropped by our men, leaving 19,500 captured), 8,000 cartridge-boxes, 4,000 cap-pouches, 11,500 knapsacks, 300,000 rounds infantry ammunition.

I have carefully confined myself to what has been reported as collected and counted. This, of course, is considerably less than the amount actually captured, as a number of unarmed men supplied themselves with arms, accouterments, &c., and the army generally helped themselves from the cartridge-boxes of the enemy. Also every day small lots of muskets and rifles are brought-in, and without doubt quite a number of arms, &c., are retained in regimental ordnance wagons for future contingencies and not reported.

A large quantity of lead has been and is now being collected from the battle-fields.

Respectfully submitted.

BRISCOE G. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 313. Reports of Major G. Moxley Sorrel, C. S. Army, Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, May 26, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in the division of this corps engaged in the recent battle two stand of colors were lost, respectively, by the Sixteenth and Eighteenth Regiments Mississippi Volunteers.

The reports of the attending circumstances, from Brigadier-General Barksdale and Colonel [S. E.] Baker, Sixteenth Mississippi, accompany this communication.

Reports also from Brigadier-General Wilcox, Perry, Semmes, and Mahone, relative to standards captured from the enemy, are also forwarded.

These embrace the entire losses and capture of colors by the divisions of Major-General McLaws and Anderson.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

