
the Plank road. Captain Jordan was engaged very obstinately on the turnpike, and suffered in both men and horses, but eventually broke the enemy's infantry by his effective firing, and drove off a six-gun battery which engaged him at short range. On the Plank road the rest of the battalion was slightly engaged, the enemy falling back before our advance, and by night we held the ground immediately in front of his fortified position at Chancellorsville. In this advance skirmishers with a howitzer.

On the morning of the 2nd, orders were received to fall in, the column marching under General Jackson to turn the enemy's flank, and in the afternoon the battalion was held in reserve during the attack near Wilderness Church, there being no opportunity to use artillery. The advance of the infantry was followed up and the night spent in the field. I was called during the night to the command of the artillery on the field by the wounding of Colonel [S.] Crutchfield.

The battalion, under Major [Frank] Huger, took an active and honorable part in the fight on Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, Lieutenant Taylor being detached and fighting on the Plank road, the rest of the battalion in the field to the south, where it was joined during the action by Captain Jordan, who arrived with Anderson's division. After the victory of the morning, I resumed the command of the battalion, and was ordered down the Plank road to the assistance of General McLaws, then fighting near Salem Church. The fighting was over, however, before we arrived. We bivouacked near the field.

On the morning of the 4th, I received orders to post guns to prevent General [John] Sedgwick from forcing his way up the River road to the position occupied by General [Joseph] Hooker, and accordingly posted Captain Jordan's battery (which had returned from shelling enemy's camp at United States Ford) on a commanding bluff, where he entrenched himself. Captain Parker was sent to the assistance of Major [R. A.] Hardway, who, with several rifled pieces, was directed to drive off a battery of the enemy on the north bank of the river overlooking Banks' Ford, which was done in the afternoon. The rest of the battalion, under Major Huger, was ordered to support General Anderson's attack on the right; followed it up, but was not engaged. During the afternoon, in anticipation of the enemy's retreat that night, I marked points of direction to Banks' Ford for night firing, and notified General Lee. About 10 p.m.m orders were received to fire upon the ford over which the enemy was retreating. This was done by Captain Jordan and Parker all night and occasionally by other batteries. The enemy's accounts represent this fire to have been destructive.

On the morning of the 5th, I received orders to accompany Captain S. R. Johnston, of the Engineers, to reconnoiter a position whence the line of battle of the enemy beyond Mine Run could be reached. I accordingly moved the whole battalion by the River road to the vicinity, and during the night had six pits partially completed by our cannoneers and some infantry, and, at dawn on the 6th instant, I moved into the pits Lieutenant Taylor's four Napoleons and a section of Captain Jordan's battery, under Lieutenant J. Donell Smith, the whole under command of Captain Jordan. The enemy had constructed during the night entrenchments across the river, about 800 yards distant, to prevent the occupation of this point, and at daylight opened a severe fire on the men employed in completing our unfinished works.

About 9 a.m., the enemy's firing being still kept up and proving very annoying, I endeavored to drive him off with Captain Moddy's battery.

