
About 11 a.m. General Jackson, who had arrived with his forces and assumed command, directed me to advance along the Turnpike road, having Mahone's brigade, of Anderson's division, in advance. I collected my own division as rapidly as possible from the rifle-pits, each brigade as it was relieved falling in rear of the others as they advanced in the march. After proceeding but a short distance, the skirmishers became engaged. The main column, advancing slowly until the enemy appeared in force, was deployed, and the line of battle formed across the Turnpike road, Semmes' brigade on the left and those of Mahone, Wofford, and Perry, of Anderson's division, in the order here named to the right, extending so as to cover the Mine road, [Tyler C.] Jordan's battery on the main turnpike. Our skirmishers were driven in. Our skirmishers were driven in. Fire was opened on our lines from a battery 400 or 500 yards in front, and, after skirmishing to the right and left, the main assault was made on the left (Semmes) by Sykes' Regulars, but they were repulsed at every attempt. Before the first assault, I sent word to General Jackson, by my aide-de-camp, that the enemy were in force in my immediate front, and were advancing, and that a large force could be seen along the heights about 1 mile or more to the rear, and that the country was favorable for a flank attack from his side. After the first assault, I received answer from General Jackson to hold my position, and that he would advance, or was advancing, his artillery, and if that did not answer he would endeavor to gain the rear of the enemy. General Kershaw coming up, his brigade was placed in support of General Semmes, extending beyond his left. The cavalry reporting that the enemy were advancing along the Mine road, General Wilcox's brigade was ordered and took position (guided by Captain [S. R.] Johnston, of General Lee's staff) to protect my right, taking artillery with him. General Jackson's artillery and his advance, in conjunction with the failure of the attack on my front, forced the enemy to retire, when, by General Jackson's order, my whole line advanced in the same order as they had been displayed as above stated. The order to advance was received at 4 p.m. My line halted at dark, and bivouacked along the heights just beyond the point were the Mine Run crosses the turnpike.

The next morning (the 2nd), my line of battle was reformed along the heights in the same order as before, excepting that General Wilcox had been ordered during the night previous to return to Banks' Ford and hold that position, it having been reported that the enemy were moving down the River road, and, besides, were making demonstrations to cross river at that ford. Two batteries were placed on the heights between General Semmes and Wofford. A strong line of skirmishers was advanced, and were constantly engaged with those of the enemy, General Kershaw's brigade held in reserve. I received orders from General Lee to hold my position, as General Jackson would operate to the left and rear. Not long after, I was directed to replace General Posey's brigade, on my left, by one from my command, and General Kershaw moved to that position on the left of General Semmes. Following this order, I was directed to send the brigades of Generals Mahone and Perry to the left, and close in my command so as to connect with General Anderson's right, holding my right at the turnpike, but constantly pressing to the left, so as to be in communication with General Anderson; to do which, as the country was broken and densely wooded, and the direction constantly changing, I ordered the two brigades on the left (Kershaw's and Semmes') to advance by battalion from the left, so as to form a broken line, but still covering the front and forming the connection.

