
The next morning General McLaws directed an advance of the entire line of skirmishers, and it was soon ascertained that three was no enemy left on the south bank of the Rappahannock.

This morning (Wednesday, 6th), there was a furious engagement between Colonel Alexander's artillery and a number of the enemy's guns on the other side of the river, from the effects of which Colonel J. D. Kennedy, Second South Carolina Regiment, who supported Colonel Alexander, by judicious selection of his ground, managed to shield his men. In the afternoon I returned to my former camp.

I gratefully acknowledge the hand of Almighty God in the success which attends all the operations of this command and the unprecedently small sacrifice of life with it was achieved.

Among the dead we mourn the death of Captain G. B. Cuthbert, Second South Carolina Regiment, and Captain [C. W.] Boyd, Fifteenth South Carolina Regiment, both young men of the brightest promise; both of commanding talents, finished education, enlarged by foreign travel, elevated social position, and most attractive personal characteristics. None more gallant, none more patriotic, none more devoted represent the chivalry of the South; together they fell before Chancellorsville, par nobile fratrum.

On the morning of May 2, Colonel [John W.] Henagan, with the Eighth South Carolina Regiment, was ordered to report to General Jackson, and remained detached until the 7th instant. For an account of the operations of his command, I respectfully refer to the report of that officer, which accompanies this.*

During this series of engagements, the Fifteenth Regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel [Joseph F.] Gist; the Seventh Regiment by Colonel [Elbert] Bland; the Third Regiment by Major [R. C.] Maffett; the Second Regiment by Colonel Kennedy; James' battalion by Lieutenant-Colonel [W. G.] Rice; the Eighth Regiment by Colonel Henagan.

The conduct of officers and men generally has never been more satisfactory to me during any engagement of the war. The good conduct of the men cannot be surpassed.

A number of prisoners were taken by this brigade, but no accurate account taken of them. Lieutenant [R. S.] Brown, with the scouting party above mentioned, not only succeeded in communicating with General Wright, Anderson's division, but brought in 60 prisoners. Colonel Henagan reports taking 84 prisoners. I estimated that near Chancellorsville the brigade took 50; about Salem Church and Banks' Ford 100; Colonel Henagan, at United States Ford, 100. Total, 250. A number of arms besides those enumerated above were captured and sent off, and 5 horses, which had been turned over in pursuance of orders.

For particular mention of individuals, I respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders.* To Captain [Charles R.] Holmes, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant A. E. Doby, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant W. M. Dwight, acting assistant inspector-general, I am again indebted for the most valuable services on the field.

During these operations the troops were daily supplied with subsistence through the untiring and energetic efforts of Captain [Frederick L.] Smith, acting brigade commissary, and Martin, commissary sergeant. The capacity of the command to perform the labors assigned them I consider in great part due to this regular supply of subsistence.

A list of the casualties of the command is herewith appended.+

---------------

*Not found.

+See Guild's report, p.806.

---------------

