
Through the efficient services of Surg. T. W. Salmond and the other medical officers of the command, our wounded have never been so well cared for in the field.

I have the honor to be, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES . MOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 317. Reports of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the part borne by my brigade in the late battles on the Rappahannock, at and near Fredericksburg:

On the morning of the 29th ultimo, the enemy having commenced crossing to the south side of the Rappahannock, at the mouth of Deep Run and near Pratt's house, below Fredericksburg, the Fiftieth Georgia Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel [F.] Kearse, and the Fifty-third Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Simms, were moved forward to the designated position of the brigade in reserve, with their left resting on the Telegraph road half a mile in rear of the heights overlooking Howison's house. The Tenth Georgia Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Holt, and Fifty-first Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Slaughter, being on picket opposite Falmouth, were ordered at night to rejoin the brigade. Here the brigade rested until the morning of the 30th ultimo, when, by order of Major-General McLaws, it was moved forward at 3 a.m., and occupied that portion of the line of battle lying back and south of Howison's house, its left resting on the battery immediately in rear thereof. The brigade remained in this position until sunset, when, in pursuance of orders, it was reported to Major-General Anderson, near Zoar Church, about 1 mile beyond the intersection of the Plank and old Turnpike roads leading from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg, and 5 miles distant from the latter, and, by direction of General Anderson, took position in line, with its left on Mahone's right, Mahone's left resting on the turnpike, getting into position after 1 o'clock a.m.

The enemy, who had been reported advancing in heavy force down the Turnpike and Plank roads, drove in General Anderson's picket just at night. It was believed that he would attack early in the morning. Morning came, when it was discovered that the enemy had fallen back during the night.

At about 12 m., Friday, May 1, this brigade (with others) was ordered forward in pursuit. Having advanced more than a mile, the enemy's skirmishers were discovered. The brigade was then immediately formed into line, under a scattering fire from the enemy's infantry and artillery, in the following order, from right to left: Fifty-first, Tenth, Fifty-third, Fiftieth Georgia Volunteers, and advanced a short distance, and halted in the edge of a wood overlooking open fields, in which the enemy was formed; being supported by Kershaw on my left and Mahone on my right, Mahone's left resting on the road. Soon the enemy's line of infantry was pushed forward. When within easy range, the order was given to commence firing. The enemy, after a sharp contest, retired a short distance, and took shelter under a crest, from which position he continued

53 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

