
the fight, advancing once more only to be again promptly repulsed. His cavalry essayed a charge on --- battery, posted in the road, and was driven back in disorder. After the fight had continued some little time, a strong line of skirmishers from the Tenth Georgia was thrown far forward, to the left of the Fifty-first Georgia, who, by an enfilading fire, contributed materially to the repulse of the enemy's lines.

It has been since ascertained that the United States Regulars, under Sykes, were here encountered. They were finally and handsomely driven from the field after a sharp contest of perhaps three-fourts of an hour, in which this brigade was the chief participant, the Fifty-first Georgia Volunteers receiving and repelling the main attack, and sustaining more loss than the balance of the brigade. It was here that Colonel W. M. Slaughter, the gallant leader of the Fifty-first Georgia, received his death wound early in the action, while by his own courageous example inspiring his command with confidence in their ability to repel the foe. It was here, too, later in the action, that Lieutenant-Colonel [Edward] Ball, of this regiment, received a wound in the head, which disabled him, which in the performance of his duty, under the immediate eye of the brigade commander.

The manner in which the regiments of the brigade were handled by the regimental commanders on this occasion gave assurance of the qualities which they were so soon to be called on to display on one of the hardest fought fields of the war.

A list of casualties has already been forwarded.

After the repulse of the enemy, pursuit was again ordered. The road, the woods, and fields on either side, over which the enemy retired, were strewn with knapsacks, blankets, overcoats, and many other valuable articles. After continuing the pursuit for over 2 miles, the enemy's skirmishers were again encountered, covering what afterward proved to be his strongly entrenched position at Chancellorsville. Here, in pursuance of orders from Major-General McLaws, the brigade again took position in line of battle, as before, with its right resting on the turnpike and left on Kershaw, Mahone's left still resting on the road, and bivouacked for the night, throwing out a strong line of skirmishers to the front and flanks.

Saturday morning came, and with it desultory skirmishing, sometimes growing quite sharp, which continued throughout the day, from which the brigades suffered some slight loss, which has already been reported. During the day the brigade, by order of Major-General McLaws, was moved farther to the left, Kershaw, who was on my left, having been ordered to rest his left on the Plank road, and Wofford, with his brigade, to occupy my position on the turnpike.

The orders of the major-general were then to engage the enemy with a strong line of skirmishers, well supported, so as to occupy his attention, while Lieutenant-General Jackson's corps was attaining his rear by making the circuit of Chancellorsville. The enemy's rear was at length attained near the close of the day, and the rumbling sound of musketry, at first distant and indistinct, grew more distinct, and continued to approach, showing that the enemy was being driven before our brave troops.

During the morning of Sunday, our skirmishers pressed the enemy more hotly, compelling his skirmishers to remain sheltered in their rifle-pits. As the day wore on, the battle waxed on the enemy's rear and right, and at length the gratifying sight of his retiring columns, soon followed by large and confused masses of fugitives rapidly retreating in the direction of United States Ford, was presented to the view.

