
I cannot speak too highly of the manner in which my chiefs of sections, Second Lieutenant John Egan, First Artillery, and Second Lieutenant W. W. Williams, Fifth Artillery, discharged their duties, firing very deliberately and with wonderful accuracy. The non-commissioned officers and privates of the battery, each and every one, performed his whole duty with gallantry and coolness.

I expended in the engagement 12 rounds of ammunition, 10 Schenkl percussion shells, and 2 Hotchkiss time fuse-shells. The enemy did not again open, and in the evening the battery returned to Morrisville.

On the morning of the 15th, the battery marched to Rappahannock Station, and remained in camp at that point until the 18th, when it marched with the brigade to its present encampment.

I take pleasure in adding that I have no casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. S. ELDER,

First. Lieutenant First Art. Commanding Horse Bat. E, Fourth Artillery.

Captain JAMES M. ROBERTSON,

Commanding First Brigade, Horse Artillery.

Numbers 2. Report of First Lieutenant Robert Clarke, Second U. S. Artillery of operations at Rappahannock Brigade.

CAMP NEAR RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

April 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on arriving at Bealeton Station on the 14th instant, I was ordered by you to report with my battery to General Gregg. Upon arriving at or near his headquarters, I was ordered to detach a section and send it forward to the railroad bridge which crosses the Rappahannock River, and engage the enemy, who were posted on the range of hills on the opposite side of the river, and who also occupied a block-house near the bridge from which they were constantly annoying our skirmishers. I took my position in rear of an old earthwork, and about 300 yards from the block-house. While placing my pieces in position, the enemy opened with two pieces of artillery from my right and front, about 1,500 yards distant; also with two from my left and front, thus having a concentrated fire, which was very precise and rapid. I was ordered to drive them from their position if possible, and, if not successful in that to do the best I could, and to protect the troops of Colonel Kilkpatrick. I succeeded in silencing all their guns, as well as in driving them from the block-house before mentioned.

I fired in all 78 rounds; the Schenck percussion in all cases having the desired effect, but the Schenkl combination fuse worked imperfectly. First Lieutenant Woodruff having charge of the right piece and I the left, we were very particular to see that the fuse was properly prepared, but from some unknown cause there were several premature explosions, and out of every five but three could be relied upon to burst. My loss was 2 horses wounded, 1 severely.

Lieutenant Woodruff conducted himself in the most commendable manner; also the men. I was engaged about one hour and a half.

Having received orders, I withdrew my section and rejoined the re-

