
the right of the road. It was soon discovered that Lee's and Marye's Hills had been abandoned by the enemy. General Gordon took possession of Marye's Hill without opposition. My brigade was ordered to the stone wall in front of the ill, and I was ordered to send out skirmishers, and, if the town was not strongly defended, to storm and take it. I at once sent out both scouts and skirmishers, both of whom reported that, in their judgment, the town was in a state of strong defense; that rifle-pits had been dug across the streets, and that cannon had been planted on both sides of the river, which completely commanded the entire town. This fact I reported to General Early, who ordered me to remain where I then was, and prevent any advance from town on the part of the enemy. During the night the enemy recrossed the river, and on the following morning I moved in and occupied the town, capturing about 40 prisoners.

In concluding this brief report, I desire especially to mention the names of Captain J. A. Barksdale, adjutant of this brigade; Lieutenant G. A. Gibson, assistant inspector-general; Harris Barksdale, aide-de-camp, as having acted with the greatest possible coolness and gallantry. Dr. [J. R.) Hill, senior surgeon of the brigade, and all the regimental surgeons, did their whole duty. All the couriers who were with me (J. T. Broach, W. M. Palmer, and W. L. McKee) carried my message to the different commands promptly, regardless of danger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, Fredericksburg, Va., May 23, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the Eighteenth [Mississippi] Regiment lost its colors in the recent engagement near this place, contending with at least twenty to one of the enemy. No other colors were lost by this brigade. We took none from the enemy.

Very respectfully,WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN.

No. 320. Report of Colonel Henry C. Cabell, First Virginia Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May -, 1863.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my battalion in the recent engagements around and near Fredericksburg:

On Thursday night, Captains [B. C.] Manly and [E. S.] McCarthy received marching orders to accompany Major-General McLaws to meet the enemy near Chancellorsville. Captain [John C.] Fraser and [H. H] Carlton remained on the heights near Fredericksburg. The defense of Fredericksburg was to be made by Major-General Early's division, including Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.] Andrew's battalion of artillery:

