
Brigadier-General Barksdale's and Wilcox's brigades,and the artillery, of Colonel [J. B.] Walton's battalion, Lieutenant-Colonels [A. S.] Cutt's and Nelson's and two of my batteries, and [A. B.] Rhett's battery, temporarily assigned to me. The two 10-pounder Parrotts of Rhett's battery were turned over, by order of Colonel Alexander, to a detachment from Captain [W. W.] Parker's battery, the commanding officer of the detachment reporting to Brigadier-General Pendleton, who was in command here of all the artillery. Captain Carlton's battery, consisting of three Parrots guns and one 12-pounder howitzer, was in position, as was nearly all the artillery.

These positions were respectively held until about 11 a.m. of the 2nd instant, when I was ordered to withdraw my guns to the rear on the Telegraph road. Nothing worthy of note occurred during the occupancy of these positions. Most of the batteries halted, by order, a few hundred yards from their former positions. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson's battalion, with Rhett's battery, were ordered to proceed to the rear, and took no further part in the subsequent action. About the same time, all but one brigade of Major-General Early's division and all but one regiment of Barksdale's brigade were withdrawn.

Later in the afternoon (about 5 o'clock), the artillery resumed their former positions, with some immaterial changes. Captain Carlton's guns occupied the work near the pines, on the extreme right of the hills running back of Hawison's. Captain Fraser occupied the work at Lee's Hill, and between that work and the Telegraph road. The enemy did not prosecute his threatened advance that evening. Our infantry returned in front after sunset.

Early on the following morning, Captain Carlton's battery was actively engaged upon a battery at Ferneyhough's house, and with a force of infantry attacking Major-General Early's line on his right. He exploded one of their caissons, and aided materially in twice repulsing their infantry.

About 11 o'clock that day (Sunday), the enemy attacked and very speedily took and occupied Marye's Hill. As soon as they appeared on Marye's Hill, a large force of infantry advanced rapidly from the crest of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, on Howison's farm, obliquely toward the position occupied by Captain Fraser on Lee's Hill. Both of my brigades opened and continued fire upon both lines of infantry, inflicting great loss upon them. The ordnance reports show that a very large amount of ammunition of short-range shell and canister was expended. Captain Fraser defended his position to the last practicable moment. The limber chest of his howitzer was blown up, and he took of the piece with the limber of the caisson. He bore off the body of Lieutenant [F. A.] Habersham, a gallant, brave, and accomplished officer, who fell while courageously defending this position. Captain Carlton left his position only when the enemy had gained so far to the left as to be hind from view of by the inequalities of the hill, and he was in imminent danger of being flanked. Both batteries were subjected to heavy and continuous fire from artillery during the while time of their occupying their positions, much intensified after the storming of Marye's Hill commenced. The infantry had fallen back some time before our positions were left. These two batteries brought up the rear. I desired to bring Captain Carlton's battery to the Telegraph road, in order to open fire upon the enemy from that point, which is near the pump at Leach's house. A line of battle was then formed at that place, and Captain Carlton placed in position, supported by General Barksdale's brigade. His artillery continued to engage the enemy (now advanced

