
several hundred yards in rear of Lee's Hill) and a battery at the little brick house in rear of Howison's house until his ammunition was exhausted. He dispersed the enemy to the right and left, and checked his advance effectually. He then withdrew down the Telegraph road to Cox's house.

During the engagement at the pump, Captain Carlton lost 1 man killed and 8 wounded, and 1 wheel to gun-carriage torn to pieces.

During the whole day, including these, there were 1 killed, 10 wounded, and 1 horses killed and 2 wounded. A few others of the men were struck, but not hurt. The judgment, courage, gallantry, and good conduct of the officers and men of both batteries deserve the especial mention of their command officer.

Captain Fraser's battery occupied its position early the next morning after the enemy were driven from Marye's Heitghs, and Captain Carlton was placed in position to take part in the fight that evening. Neither of the batteries was engaged.

I desire to call attention to an act of coolness and bravery on the part of Private Richard W. Saye, of Carlton's battery. A shell burst near the battery, the fuse, still burning. His attention was called to it by Lieutenant [Thomas A.] Murray, commanding piece. He immediately threw it off, thereby doubtless saving the lives of several of his comrades, as the shell exploded just as it reached the ditch below the parapet.

I submit with my report the reports of Captains Carlton and Fraser.

The temporary occupation by the enemy of Marye's Hill and the heights to the right of the Telegraph road is admitted by Yankee accounts to have cost 1,000 men. The people of Fredericksburg estimate their loss as high as 2,000 killed and wounded. This loss was chiefly in front of Lee's Hill and Carlton's battery. This latter loss was inflicted entirely by artillery.

I also have the honor to transmit the report of Captain [E. S.] McCarthy, and will transmit the report of Captain [B. C.] Manly as soon as received. Major [S. P.] Hamilton accompanied and commanded these two batteries of my battalion. They acted immediately under the eye of Major-General McLaws. All verbal reports concur in testifying to the coolness, gallantry, eminent good conduct, and efficient service of the officers and men of both of these batteries.

I desire to call attention to the gallant conduct and energy and efficiency of Lieutenant [C.] Grattan, my ordnance officer. My thanks are also due to Captain [W. T.] Hardy, assistant quartermaster, who, in addition to his regular duties, assisted most efficiently in supplying ordnance to the batteries near Fredericksburg.

I will transmit Major Hamilton's report as soon as received.

HENRY COALTER CABELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McLaws' Division.

No. 321. Report of Major S. P. Hamilton, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

MAY 15, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor herein to make my official report of the action of the batteries under my command in the

