
recent engagements near Chancellorsville and Salem Church. It will not be necessary for me to give a detailed account of these occurrences, as they were all transacted under the eye of Major-General McLaws, commanding the division. I shall state them as succinctly as possible, referring to the reports of the captains.

The enemy crossed the Rappahannock on the morning of Wednesday, April 29, in considerable force, and it was supposed would make an attack on our right flank. Colonel [H. C.] Cabell, the commanding officer, being temporarily absent on this day, I placed Captain [E. S.] McCarthy's battery in position on the extreme right of the hills occupied by the division, Captain [John C.] Fraser being already at Lee's Hill with three guns. Captain [B. C.] Manly and Captain [Henry H.] Carlton were held in reserve, having only just arrived from winter quarters.

On Thursday evening, the 30th, I received orders to march with the division up the Plank road to meet the main body of the enemy, lately crossed at Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan, and menacing our left flank. Constituting my command were the batteries of Captains Manly and McCarthy.

We took up the line of march at 2 o'clock on Friday morning, May 1, and arrived at the intrenchments just beyond Salem Church, where the division took position for a very short time. We were then ordered to advance to the front. Upon going forward, I found Captain [T. C.] Jordan, of Colonel Alexander's battalion, engaging the advance guard of the enemy, rapidly retiring before our forces. We pressed on, and night brought us to McGee's Hill, in sight of Chancellorsville.

Early in the morning the two batteries two placed in position on the left of the turnpike, relieving Major [W. J.] Pegram, whose batteries were very much disabled by the blowing up of caissons. We commenced firing about 10 o'clock, and continued at intervals during the day. We resumed fire early the next morning, and continued until the close of the battle and its successful and glorious termination. Captain McCarthy's position was changed during this morning from the left of the road down to a white house on the right, having, by this change, a fuller view of the lines and batteries of the enemy.

The enemy having massed his troops in and about Chancellorsville, and having planted his guns behind works looking to the main attack form our left, the batteries under my command had a most complete enfilade fire, and did most excellent service.

The battle of Chancellorsville was scarcely over when information was received that the enemy had taken Marye's and the other hills, and were advancing on our rear. The division was ordered, with General Mahone's brigade, to march to the relief of General Wilcox, gallantly confronting General Sedgwick's corps with his brigade alone at Salem Church, on the Plank road. Without halting, the troops were immediately formed in line of battle, and commenced the engagement. Captain Manly with his battery took the best position that the hurry of the moment would allow, and commenced firing. His ammunition, however, being nearly exhausted, I ordered him to reserve his fire for any advance of the infantry. Captain McCarthy was also placed in position, with like instructions for the same reasons.

On May 4, Major-General Early, having taken back the position in rear of Fredericksburg, advanced on the rear of General Sedgwick. I placed two 6-pounders in position with General Mahone, under command of Lieutenant [R. M.] Anderson, Captain McCarthy, with the rifled section, being with Colonel Alexander's battalion. He, in conjunction with his colleagues, engaged the enemy's batteries across the

