
Rappahannock; with what effect, I refer you to Captain McCarthy's report. Captain Manly was sent with General Wilcox, and at night shelled the retreating forces of General Sedgwick, at Banks' Ford, with great effect. I am sorry the illness of this officer prevents his making a report, to which I might refer.

I commend to the especial notice of the commanding general the conduct of Captains Manly and McCarthy, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of both these batteries. Lieutenant [J. J.] Powell, of Captain Manly's battery,in the engagement at Salem Church, was dangerously wounded. Lieutenant [C.] Grattan, ordnance officer, performed his very arduous duties with the greatest zeal and efficiency, and is worthy of especial praise.

I call the attention of the commanding general to the new ammunition furnished from the Ordnance Department at Richmond. The fuses with the McAvoy fuse-ignited have been demonstrated to be a perfect success. In a moment, by this most ingenious invention, from a most disheartening inferiority to the enemy in point of ammunition, we have been raised to a superiority even more decided. If possible, no other fuses should ever be used.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

S. P. HAMILTON,

Major of Artillery, Commanding.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 322 Report of Captain Henry H. Carlton, Troup (Georgia) Artillery.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 13, 1863.

SIR: Being called upon by you for an official report of my command, so far as connected with the late engagements around and in front of Fredericksburg, I respectfully submit the following:

By order, left our camp, near Chesterfield, Va., April 29; proceeded at once to Fredericksburg; reached the front April 30, reporting for further orders.

Two Parrott guns were placed in position early on morning of 1st instant in the work on our lines opposite Deep Run, where the enemy had crossed, and it was supposed would cross other troops if our position was attacked. This position being on the right of General Barksdale's command, a third Parrott gun was at the same time posted in a work in rear of Howison's house, the fourth (a 12-pounder howitzer) being held in reserve near by.

These positions were respectively held until 11 a.m. of the 2nd instant, when I was ordered to withdraw my guns to the pump at Leach's house, on Telegraph road, nothing worthy of note transpiring during the occupancy of these positions, the enemy making no demonstrations of an attack. About 5 p.m. of same day, our infantry being withdrawn, the enemy were discovered advancing upon our lines from Deep Run. My battery was immediately returned to the position left in the forenoon - all four pieces. No firing was done, our skirmishers being so far in our front as to prevent our so doing. Night coming on, enemy ceased to advance. We remained in position during night.

