
Early on following morning, the enemy having crossed his forces and attacking General Early's line immediately on my right, my battery was actively engaged upon their infantry column and a battery at Ferneyhough's house, and with considerable effect, thereby aiding in twice repulsing them, exploding one of their caissons and doing them much damage. They for awhile ceased firing. The enemy then attacking Marye's Heights (that on the right proving only a feint), our attention was turned in that direction, and upon the columns of infantry advancing in front of Lee's Heights. From the confusion produced in their ranks, and from the advantageous fire we had upon them (they being in fair range of my all guns), much harm must have been done them. Soon - the enemy having forced Marye's Heights, and having gained so far to our left as to be unable to use our guns upon him, and likely to be cut off, having no immediate infantry support - were ordered to fall back to the pump at Leach's house. Then took position, supported by General Barksdale's brigade, and engaged their line of battle (now advanced in rear of Lee's Heights) and a battery at the little brick house in rear of Howison's Hill. We here continued to engage the enemy until all my ammunition was fired, checking his advance effectually. I then withdrew down the Telegraph road to Cox's house. There remained until the following day, when we were again ordered up (the enemy being driven from Fredericksburg heights), and took position upon a hill in rear of Guest's house, but were not engaged. Remained here until night, and after battle ceased we were again ordered to our former position upon the lines in front of Fredericksburg, and there remained on picket until 9th instant, when we were ordered back to camp.

During our engagement, the following casualties were sustained in my command: Killed,1; wounded, 10; horse killed, 2 wounded; 1 wheel to gun-carriage torn to pieces.

While all of my command, both officers and men, behaved with such coolness, gallantry, and discretion as to deserve commendation, yet I would beg especially to call attention to an act of coolness and bravery on the part of Private Richard W. Saye, of my company. A shell being thrown at our work, and so striking as to remain (fuse still burning) on parapet, his attention was called to it by Lieutenant [Thomas A.] Murray, commanding piece. He immediately seized it and threw it off, thereby doubtless saving the lives of several of his comrades in arms, as the shell exploded just as it reached the ditch below.

The above report respectfully submitted to the commanding officer.

I am, respectfully,

H. H. CARLTON,

Captain, Commanding Troup Artillery, Cabell's Battalion.

Colonel [H. C.] CABELL,

Commanding Battalion Artillery, McLaw's Division.

No. 323. Report of Captain John C. Fraser, Georgia Battery.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 19, 1863.

COLONEL: I arrived here from Richmond on the afternoon of April 30, and found the guns of my battery occupying the same position

