
which they did during the engagement of December 18 last. I remained in this position on Lee's Hill until Saturday evening at dusk, when I was ordered by General Pendleton to withdraw my guns and retire by the Telegraph road toward Guiney's Station, the infantry having at the Telegraph road toward Guiney's Station, the infantry having at the same time been withdrawn. I had reached a point on the Telegraph road opposite General McLaws' headquarters, when the order was countermanded, and I was instructed to resume my previous position, with the exception of my 10-pounder Parrott, which I was ordered to place in the main earthwork on Lee's Hill, immediately upon the right of my old position.

This disposition having been made, I remained there without interruption from the enemy until Sunday at --- a.m., when opened a heavy artillery fire upon my position, at the same time making a demonstration with a large force in my front. Several of the enemy's batteries were brought up in the low grounds and opened upon us a heavy and well-directed fire. My orders were not to fire upon these batteries, though they were in easy rifle range.

About --- a.m. their infantry moved up in large force, with a strong line of skirmishers in front,and drove in our line of skirmishers. The enemy's skirmishers occupied Jones' house, just beyond Howison's barn, and I then directed several shells to be fired from each of my two rifled pieces. One or two shells passed through the house, but, as the fuses were defective, did not explode. As soon as the main line of the enemy reached within 1,500 yards of my works, I ordered my gunners to commence firing upon them with shell and spherical case. This fire was kept up slowly and with good execution, as the enemy were advancing with great caution.

In a short time after my firing commenced, Marye's Hill was occupied by the enemy, and, with the consent of General Barksdale, I opened fire upon that hill with my left pieces, a 12-pounder howitzer. I fired upon Maryes' Hill until the enemy came within canister range, when all my guns were directed upon them immediately in my front. They continued to advance with great caution, being frequently checked by my fire. I continued firing until I had exhausted all of my canister, and commenced using shell as solid shot against their lines. Soon, however, I found they were coming up on my left flank, and I could no longer bring my guns to bear those in my front, they having gained the protection of Lee's Hill. I then gave the order to retire, and while Lieutenant F. A. Habersham was superintending this movement he was killed by a shell, which carried away the entire back of his head. The loss of Lieutenant Habersham is a severe one to my command. He was a gallant, cool, and brave officer, and as gentleman had no superior.

Previous to the order to retire, the limber of my howitzer was blown up, and I was obliged to take that from the caisson, thereby losing a portion of it. I recovered, however, this portion of the caisson on Monday, the 4th.

Sergt. Hugh Young and Private George A. McCall were both wounded during the engagement, the former severely in the shoulder by a piece of shell, and the latter slightly in the left by a ball. They both behaved with great coolness, remaining at their post until the battery retired.

Privates [John] Flemming and [G. D.] Buckley were both captured by the enemy, and through their won fault. Corpls. James Quinley and Alexander Campbell, gunners, displayed unusual coolness and skill in the engagement of their respective pieces. I had 5 horses killed and displayed while retiring from my position.

On Monday, the 4th, after out troops had retaken the hills, I was

