
ordered back to my old position, where I remained until Friday evening, the 8th, when I was relieved, by order of General Pendleton, by a battery from Colonel [A. S.] Cutts' battalion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. FRASER,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Colonel H. C. CABELL,

Commanding Artillery, McLaws' Division.

No. 324. Report of Captain E. S. McCarthy, First Howitzer Company, Virginia Artillery.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the late battles:

On the morning of April 29, I was ordered to take position on the heights to the right of the Telegraph road, where I remained until the morning of the 30th. I was then ordered to Chancellorsville, and took position on the line on May 2, and opened upon the enemy, silencing their guns after an hours' firing. At about 4 p.m. I opened again. The enemy having increased their force of artillery, we met with only a partial success. The enemy soon after discovering that our skirmishers had been withdrawn, pressed smartly to our front. We were then ordered to withdrawn, which was done. Soon after, my 6-pounders were ordered to the front, and remained in position, and were joined the following morning by my rifled pieces, which soon after opened upon the enemy with great effect.

Later in the day, I was ordered up in the immediate rear of our skirmishers, and opened upon the enemy's rear with telling effect, adding much to their confusion and rout. In the afternoon, I was ordered with the division to move to the brick church, where I took position under a heavy artillery and musketry fire, with orders to fire upon the advancing infantry. The enemy not advancing, I was not engaged any further that day.

The next day (the 4th), I was placed in position on the extreme left of our line, to engage the enemy's batteries on the opposite side of the river. This engagement would have been a complete success had the men of the other batteries around me remained at their posts; but they failing to do so, the enemy concentrated their fire upon my two pieces, the men of which remained gallantly at their posts, contending with three batteries, and, when ordered to cease firing, remained at their pieces, ready and willing to renew the engagement when ordered.

On the morning of the 5th, being ordered to report to General Kershaw, I moved with his brigade, and took position, with my limber chests filled with canister only, the officers and men still willing, under all of their fatigue, to do their whole duty and suffer anything necessary to drive the hated enemy from our soil.

On the morning of the 6th, the enemy having withdrawn, I was ordered back to my old camp. The 6-pounders were under fire all of the time, the officers and men of the section behaving with their accustomed gallantry.

