
The day of 6-pounders being passed, I would respectfully recommend that they be replaced by 3-inch rifled guns, thus giving me a uniform battery.

I would not close this report without attesting the gallantry of all the commissioned and non-commissioned officers and men whom I have the honor to command.

I have to record the loss of Privates [T. W.] Barksdale and [N. W.] Selden, thus adding two names to that long and bright list of martyrs who have so willingly given up their lives for the liberty and honor of their beloved country. Privates [R. W.] Royall and [G. P.] Richardson were wounded while standing manfully at their posts. Gunners [Allan] Morton and [J. P.] Yancy gave fresh evidence of their skill in handling their guns, and by their accurate gunnery added greatly to the demoralization of the enemy.

With the highest regard, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

E. S. McCARTHY,

Captain First Howitzer Company.

Colonel H. C. CABELL.

No. 325. Reports of Major General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding division.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., June 6, 1863.*

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the division under my command during the late engagements along the Rappahannock:

Before April 29, the brigades were posted as follows: Mahone's and Posey's, at United States Ford: Wilcox's, at Banks' Ford'; Perry's, near the Old Mine road, about 3 miles west of Fredericksburg; and Wright's, at Massapannox Church.

On the morning of April 29, when the enemy crossed the river at the mouth of Deep Run, Wright's brigade was brought up from Massaponax Church, and placed to the left and rear of Major-General Early's position.

Later in the day it was ordered to take post near Perry's brigade, and at dark the latter was moved to the river, to relieve such of the troops of McLaws' division as were on duty above Fredericksburg and opposite Falmouth.

About 9 p.m. the same day, I received orders from the commanding general to repair to Chancellorsville, and to make such a disposition of the two brigades (Mahone's and Posey's) which had been posted at United States Ford as to check the advance of the enemy, who had crossed the Rappahannock at the fords above the Rapidan, and were approaching Ely's and Germanna Fords on the latter river. I proceeded to obey these directions, and ordered Brigadier-General Wright to move his brigade to Chancellorsville.

Upon arriving at Chancellorsville at midnight, I found that Brigadier-

---------------

*A similar report, but omitting special mention of officers, is on file, under date of May 7.

---------------

54 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

