
maining two sections of my battery, then in park and about 2 miles to the rear, near the headquarters of General Gregg.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant Second Artillery, Commanding Light Company M.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, Stuart's division, Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Culpeper Court-House, Va., April 17, 1863

MAJOR: I have the honor, agreeably to instructions from division headquarters, to forward a report of the operations of my brigade on the 14th and 15th instant.

During the night of the 13th, I received information from Lieutenant [Alex. D.] Payne, commanding Black Horse scout, that the enemy's cavalry and artillery, in heavy force, were moving up from Fredericksburg, in the direction of Kelly's Ford. I immediately sent Captain [S.] Bolling, Company G, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, with his company of sharpshooters, to re enforce the picket at that place. He arrived before day, and placed his men in the rifle-pits. About day he reports that, with a regiment dismounted as sharpshooters lining the banks, the enemy's cavalry made a dash at the ford. They dashed back at the first volley from our sharpshooters. Captain Bolling's command consisted of about 150 men.

During the morning of the 14th, they forced their way across the river at Rappahannock Station, the sharpshooters posted to protect the bridge giving way and leaving the rifle-pits exposed to a flank fire. On the appearance of re-enforcements they immediately recrossed, and the Horse Artillery, superintended by Major [R. F.] Beckham, engaged the enemy's batteries. Firing was kept up by the artillery and sharpshooters most of the day.

On the 15th their cavalry forced a crossing at Welford's Ford, driving the few pickets off, and made a dash at Lieutenant-Colonel [M.] Lewis, at Beverly Ford, driving him away. As soon as the brigade could be brought forward, I proceeded at once to Beverly Ford, and with Colonel Chambliss' Thirteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, drove their rear guard, consisting of about two squadrons, into the river, drowning a number of them, capturing 14 prisoners, horses, &amp;c.

I cannot speak too highly of Colonel Chambliss and his command. He had with him only about one good squadron. Lieutenant [J. V.] Nash, adjutant of Thirteenth Regiment, and Private Freeman, the colonel's orderly, were conspicuous for their gallantry. The regiment charged through a creek, the water up to their saddle-skirts. Colonel Beale had crossed with the head of his regiment, but was recalled. He captured 1 lieutenant and 10 privates and horses.

Major Beckham, with his artillery, rendered valuable, aid and he and his officers deserve much praise for the admirable manner in which their guns were served.

In closing this, I take pleasure in making special mention of Captain Bolling. His conduct on this, as on all former occasions in battle, was marked for coolness and gallantry.

