
rior force of the enemy. Darkness put a stop to this conflict, without any decided results having been attained, and at 11 o'clock at night, in obedience to orders from Lieutenant-General Jackson, he returned to the Plank road, along which Posey's brigade had in the meantime advanced to within a short distance of the enemy's intrenchments around Chancellorsville. Mahone's brigade had in like manner fought its way along the old turnpike to a point about 1 mile from Chancellorsville. Wilcox's and Perry's brigades, in coming up from Fredericksburg, had been directed to follow the old turnpike, and during the afternoon had co-operated with McLaws' division.

A little before daylight on May 2, Wilcox's brigade was ordered to resume the position at Banks' Ford from which it had been withdrawn.

The night of the 1st and morning of May 2 passed quietly. At 7 a.m.

Posey's brigade moved a little to the rear of the line of battle, having been relieved by that of Brigadier-General Thomas. When Lieutenant-General Jackson's command moved against the enemy's right, the possition immediately on the left of the Plank road which had been held by a part of his troops was taken by Wright's brigade. At midday the enemy appeared in some force at the furnance. Posey's brigade was sent to dislodge him, and was soon engaged in a warm skirmish with him. The increasing numbers of the enemy made it necessary to move Wright's brigade to the support of Posey's, and Mahone's was at the same time moved over from the old turnpike to the position just left by Wright's. Posey's brigade gallantly maintained its position against great odds, and checked the farther advance of the enemy. Perry's brigade constructed a line of breastworks.

At daylight on the 3rd, Perry's brigade was directed to gain the Catharpin road and move toward the furnace.

At sunrise, when it was supposed that General Perry had had time to reach the vicinity of the furnace, General Posey's skirmishers were pushed forward toward it, and it was discovered that the enemy had retired. Soon afterward, in obedience to the directions of the commanding general my whole force was advanced toward Chancellorsville, Mahone's brigade having its right on the Plank road, and Wright's, Posey's, and Perry's, successively forming a line of battle on the left of and nearly perpendicular to that portion of the Plank road between us and Chancellorsville. The troops forward with spirited impetuosity and with as much rapidity as was permitted by the dense thickets and tangled abatis through which they were obliged to force their way. After a short and sharp encounter, they drove the enemy from his intrenchments. Wright's brigade was the first to reach Chancellorsville, at which place it captured a large number of prisoners. The other brigades coming upp immediately afterward, the division was placed in line along the line along the old turnpike to the east of Chancellorsville.

A little after midday, Mahone's brigade was detached, by order of the commanding general, to operate with McLaws' division against the enemy, who were then reported to be moving from Fredericksburg up the Plank road. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon I proceeded, in obedience to instructions, with Wright's, Perry's, and Posey's brigades to the River road, below United States Ford, to watch that road, and to threaten the enemy's communications and his line of retreat from Chancellorsville. Major [R. A.] Hardaway, with fourteen pieces of rifled artillery, was attached to my command. Upon arriving at the River road, I found the enemy strongly posted on Mine Run, and when I had com-

