
But it would be doing injustice to Brigadier-General Wilcox to pass unnoticed his own gallant conduct and that of his troops at Salem Church, where they bore almost the whole brunt of the enemy's onset,. and successfully repelled it; to Brigadier-General Mahone, to omit to mention his bold, skillful, and successful management, so well seconded by his brave Virginians; to Brigadier-General Wright and his highspirited, fearless Georgians, whose attack at the furnace on the evening of the 1st, and whose unflinching advance against the enemy's guns under a heavy fire of grape on the evening of the 4th, excited the admiration; of all who saw them; and to Brigadier-General Perry and his heroic little band of Floridians, who showed a courage as intrepid sas that of any others in their assault upon the enemy in his intrenchments on the 3rd, and in their subsequent advance upon Chancellorsville.

Lieutenant-Colonel [John J.] Garnett and Majors [R. A.] Hardaway and [Charles] Richardson, commanders of artillery, distinguished themselves by their activity, skill, and courage.

I beg leave also to mention the meritorious services and general good conduct of the members of my staff- Majs. T. S. Mills and R. P. Duncan, assistant adjutant and inspector generals; Lieuts. William McWillie and S. D. Shannon, aides-de-camp, and Messrs. R. D. Spann, James G. Spann, and E. J. Means, volunteer aides-de-camp.

Captain E. N. Thurston, ordnance officer; Surgs. J. McF. Gaston and H. D. Fraser: Major J. A. Johnston, chief quartermaster, and Major William C. Wingfield, chief commissary of the division, rendered valuable services by their careful and unremitting attention to their duties.

The reports of the brigade and artillery battalion commanders are herewith respectfully submitted.

The loss of the division in these operations was: Killed, 186; wounded, 1,049; missing, 210. Total, 1,445.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H.. ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

A. A. and I. G. and Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION,May 18, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the flag of the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Regiment. This flag was not actually taken in battle, but was found by General Wilcox's brigade in the river at the point where the enemy had their bridges down.

I also forward another flag, which seems to have been an electioneering flag of the Whig party, used some years ago. It was found on the front of the Fourteenth Alabama, when facing the enemy at the Birch Church. Probably it was taken by the enemy from some house in the vicinity.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

THOS. S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps.

