
battery, received a severe wound in the arm, rendering it impossible to command his pieces longer. They were then ordered to the rear.

Three of the infantry were killed and 15 wounded.

My command was now ordered back to the church.

The conduct of my men during all this time was such as I knew it would be, leaving nothing to be desired, and I felt the utmost confidence in my ability to make a successful stand at the church with the three supporting brigades. At Salem Church line of battle was formed, crossing the road at right angles. Two regiments of my brigade (the Eleventh and Fourteenth Alabama) were on the left of the road, the latter on theleft, of the two; the Tenth Alabama on the right next to the road, and the Eighth Alabama on the right of the Tenth. There was an interval of 75 or 80 yards between the left of the Tenth and the right of the Eleventh. In this interval on the road four pieces of artillery were in battery. The Ninth Alabama was in rear of the Tenth, one company of the Ninth being stationed in the school-house, to the right of the church,and in front some 60 yards. A second company of this regiment was placed in the church, with orders to fire from the windows of the lower floor and from the windows of the gallery (this church being occupied with furniture of refugees from Federicksburg). Such was the formation of my brigade for battle. I am thus particular in giving details, for the reason that the principal attack was made at the church and its immediate vicinity. Kershaw's brigade was on the right of my brigade; Semmes and Mahone on the left; Mahone to the left of Semmes. The brigades had not been in position long before the enemy were seen advancing up the Plank road in line of battle. Their lines crossed the road at right angles. A field battery accompanied their advance. This was halted at the gate, about 1,000 yards distant, and soon opened with a brisk fire of shells upon our battery near the church. The two batteries fired some fifteen or twenty minutes, when ours was withdrawn for the want of ammunition.

The enemy then threw shells to the right and left the church, through the woods endeavoring to reach our infantry. These latter were well protected while lying down, and no casualties occurred from explosions of shells.

The enemy's artillery ceased to fire near 5 p.m. Their skirmishers then adavanced; a spirited fire ensued between the skirmishers for some fifteen or twenty minutes. Ours then retired, firing as they fell back. The enemy's skirmishers pursued, followed by their solid lines of infantryn and still a third line in rear. On either side of the road, as they advanced from the toll-gate, were open fields, and the ground slightly ascending. These fields continued to within about 250 yards of the church, and then woods, thick, but of small growth. When the front line of the enemy reach ed this wood, they made a slight halt; then, giving three cheers, they came with a rush, driving our skirmishers rapidly before them. Our men held their fire till their men came within less than 80 yards, and then delivered a close and terrible fire upon them, killed and wounding many and causing many of them to waver give way. The enemy still press on, surround the school-house, and capture the entire company of the Ninth Alabama stationed in it, and,pressing hard upon the regiment in rear of the school-house throw it in confusion and disorder, and force it to yield ground. The Ninth Alabama, in rear of this regiment spring forward as one man, and, with the rapidity of lighting, restore the continuity of our line, breaking the lines of the enemy by its deadly fire and forcing him to give way, and, following him so that he could not rally, retake the school-house, free the captured company,

