
I have the honor herewith to transmit reports from the commandants of the respective regiments and batteries; also to append a summary of the casualties and captures of the two days.

CASUALTIES.

Killed	 Wounded. Missing.

Command.	Officers	Privates	Officers	Privates	Officers

Staff*	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

9th Virginia	 -	 1	 -	 -	 -

13th Virginia	 -	 -	 #1	 1	 -

2nd North Carolina	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Total	 -	 1	 1	 1	 -

Missing Prisoners	 Horses.

Command.	Privates	Officers	Privates	Killed	Wounded	Captured

Staff*	 -	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -

9th Virginia	 +1	 -	 -	 2	 1	 12

13th Virginia	 +1	 -	 -	 3	 1	 -

2nd North Carolina	 -	 -	 4	 -	 -	 -

Total	 2	 -	 4	 5	 3	 12

NOTE.- Referring to the horses captured from my command, I have to say that owing to the smallness of my force (two regiments being detached), my picket at Welford's Ford was small. When the enemy dashed upon Colonel Lewis, they were separated some distance from their horses, and being partially surprised, they had to make their escape without their horses, as they were in great danger of themselves being captured.

Captured [from the enemy.]- By Ninth Virginia Cavalry 1 lieutenant and 10 privates. By Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry, 14 privates, 16 horses and equipments.

It is needless to state that the major-general of cavalry was on the field most of the time, and that his presence gave confidence and stability to the command.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant

W. H. F. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Major R. CHANNING PRICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Division Headquarters.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

April 20, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The conduct of Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee, his untiring zeal, ceaseless vigilance, and intrepidity, united to fine military judgment displayed in his disposition, deserves the special commendation of the commanding general. His brigade was for days confronted with two divisions of the enemy's cavalry. His report will show how small his force was. Colonel [J. R.] Chambliss, jr., and Colonel Beale and Adjutant Nash, as well as the gallant men who followed their heroic lead, deserve the highest praise for their distinguished bravery under circumstances of great personal peril. A notice of the conduct of my staff is appended.@

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Assistant Adjutant-General's horse's leg broken.

#Private missing, supposed, to be a prisoner.

+Lieutenant [W. T.] Gary, of the Thirteenth slightly wounded.

@Not found.

---------------

