
I cannot call to your notice all officers that are deserving of special praise, for the conduct of all was excellent. I will, however, report that the five regimental commanders-Colonel Royston, Eighth Alabama (and, after his severe wound, Lieutenant-Colonel [H. A.] Herbert, who commanded the Eighth Alabama); Colonel Pinckard, Fourteenth Alabama; Colonel; [William H.] Forney, Tenth Alabama; Colonel [J. C. C.] Sanders Eleventh Alabama; Major [J. H. J.] Williams, Ninth Alabama-were intelligent, energetic, and gallant in commanding, directing, and leading their men.

The brigade slept on the field at Salem Church the night of the 3rd instant. On the morning of the 4th, the enemy were seen in our front, and fired occasional shots during the day from a battery some 1,200 yards distant. Three additional brigades arrived on the 4th, and late in the afternoon a general advance was made a against the enemy, Early on the right, Anderson in the center, and McLaws holding his position on the left. The enemy gave way rapidly, and was soon driven across the river, having been on this side little over twenty-four hours. I followed the enemy in the direction of Banks' Ford with two regiments (Eighth and Ninth Alabama) of my brigade, supported by Kershaw's brigade, this advance being made about 9.30 p.m. Above and near Banks' Ford, 13 officers and 150 men were taken prisoners; among the officers, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, and 2 captains. No loss on our side in this affair.

Captains 	[J. H.] King and [M. G.] May, Ninth Alabama, were distinguished for their activity and gallantry, having captured these prisoners with their two companies.

[Captain B. C.] Manly's battery rendered valuable service in shelling the retreating enemy near Banks' Ford. Twenty of the enemy were wounded by this shelling, and fell into our hands the next day, and many were killed.

The morning of the 5th instant, the brigade moved in the direction of Chancellorsville, in common with the other brigades of the division, and bivouacked during the night to the left and near Chancellorsville.

Next morning, moved out to take our position in line of battle, but soon ascertained that the enemy had retired, and recrossed the Rappahannock. The brigade then returned to its former camp near Banks' Ford.

While my entire command acquitted themselves handsomely in their engagement of the 3rd instant with the enemy, I cannot close this report without calling to your especial notice the conduct of one entire regiment of the brigade-the Ninth Alabama. This regiment, the weakest in numbers, occupied a position in rear of the strongest regiment of the brigade. This strong regiment, hotly pressed by the enemy in heavy force, was thrown into confusion, and gave way. The Ninth Alabama sprang forward instantly into the vacant space left in our line, boldly confronting the enemy, and by a close and deadly fire of musketry broke his line and drove him back.

To my staff-Captain W. E. Winn, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant M. M. Lindsay, aide-de-camp-I am under obligations for services cheerfully rendered during our recent operations. Captain Winn was conspicuous for his gallantry at Salem Church in assisting to rally and reform promptly one of my regiments that had been thrown into disorder and confusion, and while thus engaged his horse was shot.

To Major Goggin, assistant adjutant-general to General McLaws, I am also indebted for his gallant and valuable services rendered at the same time and on the same occasion.

