
I marched by the Furnace road, and at 11 p.m. rejoined my division, then on the Plank road, about 1 mile from Chancellorsville.

My loss during the day amounted to 2 killed and 22 wounded. The enemy's loss I had no means of discovering, as I left the scene of conflict so soon but it must have been very considerable, including quite a number of prisoners.

Eearly on Saturday morning, the 2nd instant, I was ordered to form my brigade on the left of and perpendicular to the Plank road, with my right resting upon it, keeping one regiment deployed as skirmishers well to the front in the dense woods. In this position until 2 p.m. when I received orders to move quickly in the direction of the iron furnace to the support of General Posey, who was then threatened by a heavy force of the Yankees. Just at this time the enemy advanced two full brigades upon the Third Georgia Regiment, deployed as skirmishers in my front, and commenced a fire upon that regiment. I was compelled to leave it unsupported; but, reporting promptly the fact to the major-general commanding the division, I proceeded rapidly to the support of General Posey, whose brigade I found in line extending on the both sides of the road, to the furnace, and distant from the latter about 1,000 yards. The enemy appeared in considerable force upon the hills around the furnace, and had a strong line of sharpshooters advanced as far as the small run which flows at the foot of the Furnace Hill. After a brief consultation with General Posey, I formed my brigade on his right with my line extending well to the right in the direction of the left of the Third Georgia Regiment, left, as before stated, hotly engaged by a large force of the enemy. The firing continuing so incessant and terrific in the direction of the latter regiment, I dispatched, a messenger to Major [John F.] Jones, commanding, to ascertain the condition of things in his immediate front, and to inform him of my readiness to re-enforce him if he shoul require, it but ordering him to hold his position at all hazards, as he held the key to our whole line in this quarter. Having received an answer from Major Jones that he was not only able to hold his own against the terrible odds to which he was opposed, but that he was actually, advancing upon and driving the enemy before him, I drew in my line upon the left and concentrated the balance of my brigade there, in order to co-operate more favorably with Posey, who was about this time threatened with a heavy force which was seen advancing down the hill from the furnace, and approaching his position with loud cheers. This was about dark on Saturday, and as the enemy's threatened movement against General Posey was not made, I again directed my attention in the direction of Major Jones' position, on my right. Shortly after dark the firing ceased along my whole front, and at 8.30 p.m. Major Jones' Third Georgia Regiment, having been relieved from its position in the woods as skirmishers, returned to the brigade, and was formed upon its right.

My loss during the day was very slight, though I regret to add that some of my men, who were wounded the day before and left at the furnace in hospital, were to-day captured, together with two ambulances which had been sent up to bring them off. When the depot for my wounded was established at the furnace, it was at least a mile within our lines, but by some means unknown to me the enemy retook the position on this day (Saturday, the 2nd) and thus got possession of some of my wounded men.

Early on Sunday morning, I received orders to advance my brigade through the woods in the direction of Chancellorsville, connecting my right with General Mahone's left and my left with General Posey's right.

