
This gave me a line of over a mile to cover with less than 1,600 men. I soon found that this was entirely impracticable, and I pushed forward through the woods, endeavoring to keep equidistant from Mahone and Posey, keeping my flanks protected by a strong line of skirmishers and flankers. In this order I moved steadily on my right about three-fourths of a mile to the left of the Plank road, until I fell upon a strong body of Yankee infantry posted in the woods about one-half mile in the front (as I afterward discovered) of a strong line of rifle-pits, protected by abatis formed by the felling of the thick forest timber for some distance in front of their intrenchments. Quickly engaging the enemy with vigor, he gave way, and I pursued him up and into his strong works. Here my small command encountered the most terrible fire of artillery and musketry I have ever witnessed, and our farther advance was temporarily checked.

About this time firing on my left was heard, and I felt assured Posey was up to his work. Not having heard from or of General Mahone, I dispatched an officer of my staff to seek him and inform him of my position, and beg him to move forward to my support. Immediately after this messenger left me, Major [Fielding L.] Taylor, an officer in command of General Mahone's line of skirmishers, approached me, and informed me that he knew nothing of the locality of General Mahone's brigade, except when last heard from it wasvery fa in the rear, and that he (Taylor) should wait or fall back with his skirmishers until he could be brought near to his brigade. I urged him not to do so, as I had just sent word to General Mahone informing him of the condition of things in front, and urging him to come to my support, and which I thought he would speedily do. Directly after this, Major Taylor left me, and I saw no more of him or General Mahone's forces during the day.

Being thus without support on my right, I determined to move a little toward the left, where I continued to hear Posey's fire, and ordered Major Jones, with his Third Georgia Regiment, to deploy his line, and pushing up to the enemy's works, examine his position and report. About this time the firing far on the left of Posey's position became heavy, and I felt assured that Jackson was advancing there. Major Jones moved his regiment rapidly up to within a few rods of the enemy's works, where, pressed by Posey and Perry on my immediate left, and Jackson farther on the Yankees gave way, and fled from their intrenchments. We pressed forward, and immediately occupied them, although on my right the enemy still retained possession of their works, and opened a pretty sharp fire of shell and musketry upon us as we too possession of their abandoned rifle-pits. I was then ordered by Major-General Anderson to move up the Third Georgia Regiment and dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters on our right and then push forward for the enemy's battery which was so incessantly playing upon us. The order was given, and the Third Georgia commenced its movement along the line of rifle-pits toward the Plank road, led by Major Jones. In a few minutes he received a severe wound in the right arm (since amputated), and the command devolved upon Captain [C. H.] Andrews, who continued to advance until having reached the Plank road, about 200 yards from Chancellorsville, I ordered him to charge the enemy, then in some confusion around and in the rear of the brick house. This charge was made with spirit, and the enemy fled, leaving us in entire possession of his strong position. At this point we captured, 3 pieces of artillery and 8 caissons, and about 300 prisoners. I immediately reformed my brigade (now somewhat scattered in running through the woods and timber) along the road in front of the brick house, and

