
ordered four companies of the Third Georgia forward on both sides of the Ely's Ford road as skirmishers to feel for the fleeing foe.

Soon as I had my line formed and ready to press on I reported the fact to Major-General Anderson, who, with General Lee, had ridden upon the field, and then received orders tro move down the Plank road for a few rods and await further orders. Meantime my skirmishers had overtaken the running Yankees, and had succeeded in capturing an entire Yankee regiment (the Twenty-seventh Connecticut) with all its field officers and about 600 or 700 men. I continued to scour the woods for an hour or two, and captured quite a number of straggling Yankees.

Late in the afternoon I was ordered down a by-road in the direction of United States Ford, following Posey's brigade. Nothing of importance occurred during this march, and at night we bivoucked near Childs' farm.

My loss during this day was pretty severe, amounting to 17 killed and 163 wounded, including in the list of killed some of my best officers.

On Monday morning, I received orders to move back up the road toward Chancellorsville until I reached the Turnpike road, and from thence was ordered down the turnpike to Salem Church, 5 miles above Fredericksburg, which point we reached about noon, when I halted to receive further orders. Major-General Anderson then directed me to move off to the right of the road, and, passing well to the left of the enemy's line, to take position on the slope of the hills in rear of Downman's farm. Here I formed line of battle, my right upon the left of Hoke's brigade, of Early's division, Posey's right upon my left. The enemy were in position along the north slope of the ridge upon which Downman's house stands, with a strong line of sharpshooters occupying the crest of the ridge and the house and fencing around Downman's yard, with heavy batteries on the hills in their rear. At the appointed signal just before sunset, I moved forward by the right flank around to the right of the hill on which I had formed and passing up a ravine came upon the border of the open field in rear of Downman's house, about 400 yards from it, and here, rapidly forming in line, I charged across the fields, swept by the house, and reached the woods opposite, driving the enemy before me like chaff. Arriving at the skirt of the woods, I halted my command (fearing, if I proceeded farther in that direction, I should encounter Wofford's brigade, which I had been informed would advance in that direction), and sent a messenger to General Anderson informing him of my position, from whom I received instructions to wait in my then position for further orders. During this time the enemy kept up a murderous fire along my whole line, and with considerable effect. I remained in this position until dark, subjected to this murderous fire,without being able to respond to the enemy's guns.

Between 8 and 9 o'clock I was ordered to move up to the Plank road and form on Posey's left, which I did, and soon after we moved down the road in the direction of Banks' Ford, Posey in advance. After proceeding 2 1/2 or 3 miles, we were ordered to halt, and were then ordered by Major-General Anderson to bivouac for the night.

My loss during this day was considerable amounting to 6 killed and 83 wounded.

On Tuesday, the 5th instant, about 2 p.m. I received orders to move my command immediately up the Plank road to Chancellorsville. I commenced the march at once, in one of the hardest rains I have ever seen, and which continued with less violence during the whole afternoon. At dark we encamped about 1 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville, and early next (Wednesday) morning we marched to Chancellorsville, and

