
[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 22, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department, concurring in the commendation of the men and officers by General Stuart.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain J. W. Strange, Second North Carolina Cavalry.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA., April 16, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report that during the operations of the brigade on the 14th instant my command, worth gun stationed on the road about a mile beyond Brandy Station, about 7 p.m., and returned to camp.

On the morning of the 15th instant, 20 men, under command of Lieutenant Joseph Baker, Company D, were detached and sent to the block-house at Rappahannock Bridge to protect it, and I with the rest of my command were held as a protection to two guns of Captain Moorman's battery, stationed near the bridge. These dispositions remained unchanged until about 2 p.m., when I received orders to proceed, in company with Captain Moorman's guns, to Beverly Ford, and there protect them in their operations against the enemy. We saw no active duty during the skirmish,and after the enemy were repulsed returned with the brigade to our present camp. During these two days the dismounted men (143 rank and file) that had been distributed at the different fords as sharpshooters had several encounters with the enemy. Those stationed at Welford's Ford,under command of Lieutenant [W. A.] Luckey, Company B, were driven off, and Privates Robert H. Sumrow, Company B; A. D. Clark, Company D; J. H. Ray, Company A; John Kelly, Company A, were captured. These were the only casualties that occurred in my regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. STRANGE,

Captain Company D, Commanding Regiment.

General W. H. F. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel R. L. T. Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

APRIL 11, 1863.

I submit report of the part taken by this command, in the skirmishing on the Rappahannock on the 14th and 15th instant, together with casualties and captures.

On the 14th, one company, under command of Captain Stith Bolling, held the ford at Kelly's Mills, and repulsed with some loss to the enemy an attempt to cross with a force of two or more regiments. Another company, under immediate command of Captain John W. Hungerford, under Lieutenant-Colonel [M.] Lewis, held the ford at Beverly Mills.

