
from thence down the Ely's Ford road to a point just behind Brooke's house. Here we were halted until about noon, whenn I was ordered to retrace my steps (the Yankees having retired beyond the river) and take my men into their camp in the rear of Fredericksburg. Thus ended the eight days of marching and fighting.

I cannot in justice to the brave men composing this command, close my brief report without expressing my highest admiration for their splendid conduct during this eventful week. No man ever led better or braver soldiers. The Twenty-second Georgia, Lieutenant-Colonel Wasden, and the Forty-eighth Georgia, Lieutenant-Colonel Carswell, on Friday, near the iron furnace acted with distinguished coolness and courage driving a vastly superior force of the Yankees for nearly a mile and only relinquished farther pursuit by receiving orders from me to halt. On the same day, Company H, Captain [L. F.] Luckie, of the Third Georgia, and Company B, Captain [George S.] Jones, of the Second Georgia Battalion,performed efficient and valuable service as skirmishers during the advance and firing on the Plank road.

On Saturday, the Third Georgia sustained its former reputation in engaging and actually repulsing two brigades of the enemy on the left of the Plank road, near Chancellorsville.

On Sunday, at Chancellorsville, and again on Monday afternoon, near Fredericksburg, the entire command evinced the most heroic fortitude and chivalric daring, charging in both instances and routing the Yankee infantry under a deadly fire from the enemy's batteries. To Lieutenant-Colonel Wasden, Lieutenant-Colonel Carswell, Major [George. W.] Ross, and Major Jones, and the skillful officers and brave men of their commands, is the country in no small degree indebted for the splendid results of the week.

This command and the country have to deplore the untimely loss of Captain [F. M.] Heath, of the Twenty-second Georgia; Captain [William N.] Kendrick, and First Lieutenant [William A.] Spier, of the Forty-eighth Georgia, who were killed on Sunday near Chancellorsville.

To Captain [V. J. B.] Girardey, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [William] Hazlehurst, and Captain [R. H.] Bell, aides-de-camp, I am greatly indebted for their valuable and efficient services during all the week's operations.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Anderson's Division.

Numbers 329. Report of Brigadier General Carnot Posey, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor of submitting a report of the party my brigade took in the recent engagement about Chancellorsville and Fredericksburg.

On the evening of the 29th ultimo, being then in camp with Brigadier-General Mahone near the United States Ford, we were advised by our scouts and the cavalry pickets, who were posted at Ely's Ford and Germanna Bridge that the enemy had crossed in heavy force at those points, and were advancing on the Ely and Plank roads toward Chan-

