
the woods, and push forward their skirmishers vigorously against the enemy's. The movement was made in fine order, under heavy fire of shell and grape as each regiment attained its position. The commanders pushed forward gallantly and irresistibly through a dense wood and over a wide abatis and into the trenches of the enemy, driving him off with much slaughter and capturing many prisoners.

Too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men for this gallant and daring and irresistible charge, sweeping the enemy for more than half a mile of their strong works, overcoming without hesitation both natural and cartificial obstacles.

It would not be proper in this limited report to mention the many instances of individual daring which came under my observation and which havebeen reported to me, and where all the officers and men behaved so nobly it would be invidious to individualize. Commanders of regiments acted with consummate skill and valor. Colone [S. E.] Baker, of the enemy's works on their extreme right; Colonel [Jos. M.] Jayne, of the Forty-eighth (who was wounded in the charge); next Major [S. B.] Thomas, of the Twelfth, and Colonel [N. H.] Harris [of the Nineteenth] on the right of the brigade. These commanders simultaneously charged the enemy's works, and I am much indebted to them for the brilliant success of my command. My command, after storming the works, being somewhat scattered on account of the dense woods and vigorous pursuit, I moved it back a short distance and reformed in an open field on the right, and in a very short time was ready to move forward.

On the afternoon of this day, my command was moved on the old pike the left resting near Chancellor's house and my right extended on the pike. I here sent out ten companies of skirmishers, who penetrated to Ballard's and Nixley's field, where the enemy wree in force and throwing up works of defense. In the afternoon my brigade, with Generals Wright's and Perry's, was moved near the United States Ford, where I sent out the Nineteenth and Twelfth [Mississippi] Regiments, and drove in the enemy's skirmishers.

The next day (Monday, the 4th) my command was moved, with Generals Wright and Perry, toward Fredericksburg, and in the afternoon formed a line of battle near Hazel Run, fronting Dolmer's [Downman's?] house. At the signal to advance, led by the major-general commanding, my command moved across to the Plank road, opposite Guest's house, under heavy fire, and at dark formed a line of battle and remained until about 12 o'clock, when I was ordered to move to a point up the Plank road near Banks' Ford. During this time my skirmishers were actively engaged, and brought in many prisoners.

I remained near Banks' Ford during the balance of the night, and the next evening (the 5th), in a severe storm of wing and rain, advanced to within 2 miles of Chancellorsville, and bivouacked for the night.

Early the next day (6th), I was moved to Ballard's field, and that evening returned to my old camp near Fredericksburg. My command was on foot from April 29 to May 7, inclusive, and bore the privations, fatigue, labor, and fighting without a murmur.

My staff officers-Stanhope Posey, assistant adjutant-general, and J. B. Posey, aide-de-camp-rendered good services. My aide-de-camp being very sick had to leave the field Saturday, morning, and my assistant adjutant-general being wounded on Saturday was disabled from doing active duty, but remained in the field while the fighting lasted.

In the meantime one of my couriers (Mr. Asberry Hancock) acted both as courier and aide-de-camp, and did most valuable service, displaying

