
acts of daring and heroism worthy of mention, and for his conduct in the field in front of the enemy deserves the highest consideration, and should be promoted. My courier (Weil) also deserves mention.

I must here mention that Lieutenant-Colonel [Thomas B.] Manlove, of the Forty-eighth [Mississippi], volunteered and gallantly led a line of skirmishers on Friday morning with good effect.

It affords me pleasure to notice the gallant conduct of T. L. Duke, chaplain of the Nineteenth [Mississippi] Regiment, who remained in front of his regiment with his musket during the series of engagements, and mainly directed the movements of the skirmishers of that regiment.

I herewith send a list of casualties,* and also the reports of commanders of regiments giving more particular details, which are interesting.

Very respectfully,

CARNOT POSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS, Asst. Adjt. General, Anderson's Division.

Numbers 330. Report of Colonel Samuel E. Baker, Sixteenth Mississippi Infantry,

MAY 14, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following statement in regard to the loss of the battle-flag of my regiment in the engagement of the 3rd instant:

The color-bearer was severely wounded, and the flag-staff shot in two near the colors, a short time after we got into the enemy's trenches. The colors were then passed to Color Corporal [W. M.] Wadsworth, who was shortly afterward wounded in the leg, and who in turn passed these colors to Corporal [W. J.] Sweeny, who came to me as we were following the enemy and reported that he had the colors safe. Soon after this the enemy opened on us with a destructive fire of grape, when Corporal Sweeney was wounded and borne to the rear, taking the colors with him. He has since been sent to Richmond, and I am unable at present to state what became of the colors. I have heard that a member of the brigade, who died of his wounds at our field hospital, was wrapped in a battle-flag, and think it not unlikely it may have been the one belonging to my regiment; and, as my regimental colors had no letters or distinguished marks upon them, it would be impossible to indentify them. By the time Corporal Sweeney was wounded, as above stated, the whole of my color-guard had been disabled with wounds more or less severe. One of them has since died, and the color-bearer had his left arm amputated. My center companies also were severely cut to pieces, and to these facts, and these alone, I attribute the loss of the battle-flag of my regiment.

I would beg leave to add to this statement that, after we had driven the enemy from their trenches. Sergeant [S. W.] Dampier, of Company B, of my regiment, captured a stand of United States colors, Numbers 145, and, while bringing it away, he reports that he was accosted by an officer in Ramseur's brigade, and forced to lay it down.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL E. BAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found; but see Guild's report, p. 806.

---------------

