
then ordered by General Anderson to draw in the two regiments and line of skirmishers, and follow the division toward Fredericksburg, which I did, and was next posted on the left of the line of the division, my line being to the rear of Downman's house, Brigadier-General Posey being on my right. There being an interval of three-fourths of a mile between my left and the right of General McLaws' line, I was ordered to hold the position I then occupied until further orders, unless, when the right of our line had advanced up the Plank road to a point opposite me, I should seen an opportunity to strike. I had thoroughly scouted the woods to my left, and from the information I had obtained, felt confident of capturing both the battery at Guy's house and much of the infantry thrown up between that and Downman's house. That hope, however, as well as all opportunity for me in the position in which I was to strike a single blow to advantage, was destroyed by Brigadier-General Wright's brigade swinging across the line of battle, and charging across the field in my front before our right could so engage the enemy on the Plank road as to prevent the artillery and infantry from escaping by that road. Upon reporting my position to General Anderson, I was directed, to remain there until morning.

On the morning of May 5, by direction of General Anderson, I moved to the vicinity of the Morgan house, on the Plank road; there I remained until about 4 p.m., when, with the other brigades of the division, I moved up the Plank road, and bivouacked for the night.

Ealry in the morning of the 6th, by order of General Anderson, I detached two regiments; posted one on the Catharpin road and one at fork of Plank road and the road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, halting the other regiment where the Furnace road crossed the Plank road. About 1 o'clock I called in my regiments and returned to my old camp.

The conduct of both officers and men of my command through the tiresome marches and continued watching, as well as while engaging the enemy, was such as to merit high praise. The firm and steadfast courage exhibited, especially by the Fifth and Second Regiments in the charge at Chancellorsville, attracted my particular attention.

I am indebted to Captain [W. E.] McCaslan, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [D. B.] Taylor, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant [William] Scott, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant [H. F.] Riley, acting inspector, for the great assistance they rendered me their attention to their duties and gallant conduct.

My command was kept supplied with rations by the persevering energy of Major [T. C.] Elder, brigade commissary. Major [D. W.] Hinkle, brigade quartermaster, for his untiring efforts to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded, who were collected at the station awaiting transportation to Richmond, has merited my particular thanks.

I inclose the list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. A. PERRY,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PERRY'S BRIGADE,May 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, in compliance with instructions contained in communication from corps headquarters of May 12, that

---------------

*Not found; but see Guild's report, p. 806.

---------------

