
Plank road. I rode forward hurriedly across the field, as Anderson's colum had already entered the woods. In passing up the line, I found the route impracticable for artillery. Meeting with one of General Anderson's staff, I reported this fact to him, and told him the only co-operation that I could afford General Anderson was to advance my guns toward the enemy, taking positions with the other artillery,and thus having the weight of metal brought to bear against the enemy's flank while he advanced in front; that an effort to follow him would certainly keep the pieces out of the fight altogether. Just at the point where General Anderson filed off to the right, Mine Creek ramifies to three branches. The right branch lies along the foot of the Chancellorsville hills, and the crest was occupied by their inner intrenchments which embraced Chancellorsville proper and a graveyard. This plateau is about 600 yards wide. The second or middle branch, as you face toward the sources of Mine Creek, runs back of a wooded hill, which was occupied by Liuetenant-Colonel [T. H.] Carter's artillery battalion, and divided the main field occupied by Hooker into two unequal parts. Most of this tract of country across here has been in cultivation, and affords an opening, 1 3/4 miles from the branch on the turnpike southeast of Chancellorsville to the western prong of Mine Creek back of the hill, where the infantry and artillery were driven from position west of the Chancellor Hill. Jordan's battery was brought up in position on the right of our line of artillery (probably Walker's or Pegram's commands), and took part regularly in the action from this first position. As soon as the order was given to advance to the crest of the Chancellorsville Hill, near the graveyard and about three-fourths of a mile from the first position taken, Jordan's pieces followed the movement and took position behind the recently abandoned Yankee earthworks just to the left of the old frame houses near the cemetary, where was afterward a Yankee hospital. The fire of this battery here was most effective. After many of their horses had been killed, an attempt was made to lash the guns together with prolonges, leaving the limbers on the field and using drag-ropes. I discovered a regiment of infantry carrying off six or eight pieces in this manner, near the orchard and northeast of Chancellors's house, toward United States Ford. Thinking canister would reach them, I tried it at high elevation. I soon cleared the place of infantry, and shot down two or three teams of horses that had been brought back. The guns were abandoned by the enemy.

Just at this time an order was brought by an artillery staff officer to cease firing entirely on that point, as infantry on our left were up in line of battle, ready to charge down the United States Ford road. After waiting anxiously for the charge, the Yankees returned to the disabled train and dragged all of the pieces off from a point not more than 350 yards from us.

Chancellorsville being taken, I immediately set about supplying the ammunition expended in the fight. I shortly afterward received an order from General Lee to take charge of a rifle battalion, consisting of Hardaway's battery (Captain [W. B.] Hurt), three pieces; Jordan's four rifles; Captain [William P.] Carter, two pieces; Captain [C. W.] Fry, two pieces, Captain [E. A.] Marye, two pieces. Total, thirteen pieces. I was ordered to follow General Anderson immediately, for the purpose of shelling all of the wagon train of General Hooker which had been left on the north bank of the Rappahannock River near Scott's Dam, about 1 1/2 miles below United States Ford and about 1 mile from the south bank of the Rappahannock River.

About 3 o'clock Monday morning, Engineer [S. R. Johnston?] pointed

