
The balance were engaged in watching the enemy at Rappahannock Bridge and re establishing the pickets driven out in the morning.

On the 15th, the enemy having crossed in large force at a ford above, flanked that portion of the command under Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, and came down upon them by surprise. The coolness and admirable maneuvering of Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis and Lieutenant G. W. Beale, in command of sharpshooters (dismounted), alone saved this little band. By boldly charging the advance, the dismounted men were successfully extricated from a position of great danger. The whole command in the evening supported Colonel [J. R.] Chambliss [jr.] in a charge upon the retreating foe. We captured 1 first lieutenant of the Third Indiana Cavalry, also 10 privates, 10 horses, 10 carbines, and 7 pistols. Our casualties were-1 private, Company A,killed: 1 private, Company K, missing (supposed to be captured); 2 horses killed and 1 wounded, and 12 horses captured. The conduct of officers and men merits the highest commendation.

R. L. T. BEALE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. H. F. LEE.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel John R. Chambliss, jr., Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry.

APRIL 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to report the operations of my regiment with the enemy on the 14th and 15th instant.

On the 14th, under the direction of the general commanding brigade, my regiment was posted at Kelly's Ford, supporting sharpshooters in the rifle-pits, Lieutenant [W. T.] Gary, Company D, having been previously sent to the Rappahannock Bridge with 20 sharpshooters to take position in the rifle pits. During the day he had been driven out of his position, and I called upon him for an explanation. He states that the block house was occupied by a few men of another regiment, posted to prevent the crossing of the bridge, [who] allowed the enemy to come over without firing a shot, and thereby exposed his flank; that he was fired into from that direction while a body of the enemy's mounted men were attempting to cross the ford. These he gave a volley and retired, on account of what has just been stated. He left the pits with his men, but soon, however, took position in the block-house, under sharp fire of the enemy. Lieutenant Gary was wounded. No other casualties occurred during the day.

On the 15th I received orders and moved with my command toward Welford's Ford, as the enemy was reported to have crossed in large force. Owing to heavy details, I had only 50 men in camp, and came upon the rear guard of the enemy near Beverly Ford, where we charged the and drove them pell-mell into the river, capturing 14 prisoners, and drowning several. The only casualties were 1 man wounded and 1 missing.

All the men and officers behaved well, and charged under heavy fire through a rocky and swollen stream. It is useless to say more, as this occurred under the immediate eyes of the general, but I cannot close this report without mentioning the energy and cool bravely displayed by my adjutant (Lieutenant [J. V.] Nash) on the occasion alluded to.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JNO. R. CHAMBLISS, JR.,

Colonel Thirteenth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain W. T. ROBINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

