
Numbers 333. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John J. Garnett, Battalion A, Virginia Artillery.

CAMP R. H. ANDERSON,

May 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I assumed command of the battalion of artillery attached to the divison of Major General R. H. Anderson on May 1, consisting of the following-named companies, viz, [V.] Maurin's battery, Grandy's battery, [J. W.] Lewis' battery, [Frank] Huger's battery.

The only batteries of this battalion engaged in the engagement at Chancellorsville and Fredericksburg were Captain [C. R.] Grandy's and Lieutenants Commanding [N.] Penick's and [Joseph D.] Moore's. of Lewis' and Huger's, respectively. Of these only the companies of Captain Grandy and Lieutenant Penick were actively engaged.

I transmit herewith the reports of the commandants of companies.

Very respectfully,

JOHN J. GARNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major [THOMAS S.] MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 334. Report of Captain Charles R. Grandy, Norfolk (Va.) Light Artillery Blues.

MAY 15, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with Major-General Anderson's order, I removed my guns, in position at the United States Ford, as quietly as possible on the night of April 29, and fell back with Mahone's brigade to the wooden church. The lieutenant in charge of one section (owing to the weakness of the horses by being fed on nothing but corn during the winter, which they had to haul 14, or 15 miles, having no servicealbe mules, over roads hardly passable with an empty wagon) had to leave the rear chests of his caissons about a mile below Childs' house.

On May 1, I moved from the intrenchments at the wooden church with Mahone's and Semmes' brigade, and engaged the enemy with one rifled gun, in connection with one gun from Jordan's battery, at a distance of 300 yards on the turnpike, with canister principally, for more than an hour. The Yankee battery, according to accounts of prisoners, was Weed's Regulars, supported by two brigades of Sykes' division, which were drawn up in line of battle, and, after annoying us with their sharpshooters, attempted to charge us, while we gave alternate discharges to the infantry and to the battery until the enemy retired.

I suffered as follows: Private W. C. Land, killed; Lieutenant [William T.] Peet slightly wounded; Private [J. W.] Floyd lost an arm; Corporal [J. H.] Watters wounded in hands and wrist; Privates [C. K.] McKown, [John H.] Day, and [T. J.] Wilkins very slightly wounded. During the sharpest of the engagement I had only two men and Lieutenant Peet to work the gun.

Saturday I was in position in front of Chancellorsville and under the shelling of the enemy, but as my guns were of to short range to reach the enemy, I was withdrawn. Saturday, at 6 p.m., I was ordered to report to General Lee for position on the Plank road, who ordered me to

