
Chesterfield, in Caroline County, with the remark that my horses were unfit for service. On reaching Chesterfield, I was ordered to Hanover Junction by General Pettigrew, in order to guard the bridges at that point.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. R. GRANDY,

Captain Norfolk Light Artillery Blues.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. GARNETT,

Commanding Artillery of Anderson's Division.

Numbers 335. Report of Lieutenant Nathan Penick, Lewis' (Va.) Battery.

MAY 8, 1863.

SIR: I beg leve to make the following report of the engagements and casualties of this battery during the recent battles in the vicinity of Fredericksburg:

Acting under orders from Brigadier-General Wilcox, the battery proceeded to Taylor's Hill on Sunday, the 3rd instant, and immediately went into action, where only a few shots were exchanged. It appearing that the enemy were advancing more rapidly upon another point, the battery was ordered to take position on the hill in front of Stansbury's house. This order was promptly obeyed, and I commenced firing, supported by a regiment of infantry of the brigade. This engagement lasted about thirty minutes, when I was ordered to withdraw the battery.

On the evening of the same day, one section of the battery, under command of Lieutenant [James S.] Cobbs, engaged the enemy in a brisk cannonade at the toll-gate on the Plank road until ordered to retire. The entire battery was then put i position at the brick church, on same road, but only fired one shot, when it became necessary to retire and take position on same road some few hundred yards from the church, by order of Major-General McLaws, where it remained during the night.

On the following morning General McLaws ordered to battery to Smith's Hill, near the river and above Banks' Ford. Late in the evening, acting in concert with other batteries under command of Colonel [E. P.] Alexander, we engaged some batteries of the enemy on the opposite side of the river until ordered to cease firing.

Casualties: Killed,none. Wounded: Officers, 2; non-commissioned officers, 1; privates, 3. Two horses killed and 1 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

NATHAN PENICK,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. GARNETT,

Commanding Art. Battalion A, First Army Corps.

Numbers 336. Report of Captain Joseph D. Moore, Company D, Battalion A, Virginia Artillery.

MAY 8, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully make the following report of this battery in the engagements near Fredericksburg:

On the morning of May 3, we were ordered to move our position from

