
Banks' Ford to the breastworks on Taylor's Hill, opposite Falmouth, in which I placed two rifled guns, and opened upon the enemy's batteries across the river, and also upon their infantry on the plain between the Rappahannock and the canal. After firing for about two hours, we were ordered by General Wilcox to retire up the road in the direction of the Plank road, following his brigade. We retired beyond the brick church, and then reversed and followed Mahone's brigade back to the field near the church, where I was ordered by General Wilcox to bring up my two rifled guns to the church. Not finding an eligible position, and the enemy charging up through the woods, I was ordered by General Wilcox to retire down the road. On the 4th, I was ordered to follow our division to the right of our lines,near the Telegraph road. From thence we marched on the 5th to Chancellorsville at which place, on the 6th, we were ordered back to camp near Fredericksburg.

Casualties: Killed, none. Wounded: David Boyce, slightly in the shoulder. One horse wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH D. MOORE,

Captain Company D.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. GARNETT,

Comd'g Battalion A, Lt. Art. Anderson's Div., 1st Army Corps..

Numbers 337. Report of Major General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 8, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following very imperfect sketch of our operations from the time we left Fredericksburg to the recrossing of the Rappahannock by the enemy:

The corps of General Jackson, save Early's division, left our lines at Hamilton's Crossing at dawn on the morning of Friday, May 1- Rodes' division, A. P. Hill's division, and Trimble's division (under [R. E.] Colston). Arriving within 4 miles of Chancellorsville, line of battle was formed-Rodes in advance, Hill supporting, and Colston in reserve. The enemy were then rapidly pushed back into Chancellorsville.

Saturday morning, Rodes', Colston's and Hill's divisions were led by General Jackson on the enemy's flank and rear, crossing the two Plank roads and coming into the turnpike, the artillery of the corps, under Colonel [S.] Crutchfield, accompanying. The attrack was made about 6 p.m., Rodes' division and some artillery in advance, Colston and Hill supporting. The attack of Rodes was made with great energy. The enemy were driven for 3 miles and into his works at Chancellorsville, with the loss of ten pieces of artillery and many prisoners. This was about 9 p.m. and General Jackson directed General Hill to take charge of the pursuit. While Lane's brigade was forming its lines for advance and throwing out his skirmishers, General Jackson was wounded. The enemy then made an attempt to retake their rifle-pits immediately fronting Chancellorsville, but were handsomely driven back by Colonel [Francis] Mallory, Fifty-fifth Virginia, Heth's brigade. The enemy during this time had concentrated a most terrible fire of artillery on the head of Hill's division from thirty-two pieces of artillery. General Hill was disabled during this fire. General Stuart was sent for,

