
and the command of the corps turned over to him. It was thought best, under all the circumstances not to push the pursuit any farther that night.

Next morning, all the artillery which could be put in position having been brought up-the infantry in three lines, Colston, Hill (now Heth's), anid Rodes-General Stuart renewed the attack about dawn. The enemy were gallantly charged. The combat was furious. Colston's division having become somewhat broken and disordered, Heth took the advance, Archer on the extreme right, endeavoring to connect with Anderson and Pender with two brigade, of this division on the left of the road. The enemy were again charged, and twice were his works taken, and twice reliquished. Rodes' division came up to the suppport, and, after some tremendous fighting (all three divisions being engaged) the enemy were driven out, and his works occupied about 10 o'clock.

Archer's brigade captured four guns, and Brigadier General William Hays was captured by Pender's brigade. Ramseur's brigade, under his gallant leadership, was conspicuous throughout the three days' fighting.

Our lines were again formed, covering the roads leading to the United States Ford, Pender with four brigades on the left, Rodes in the center, and Colston, with three brigades, on the right. Heth, with three brigades was sent to relieve Anderson.

We held this position during Sunday and Monday, while Anderson and McLaws, were detached to drive back General Sedgwick. Several advances of the enemy's skirmishers were repulsed and he occasionally opened a heavy fire of artillery. Sedgwick having been demolished, the enemy recrossed on Tuesday night.

Major-General Stuart is deserving of great commendation for his admirable management of the troops. Called suddely late at night to a new sphere of action, and entirely ignorant of the positions of the brigades, with indomitable energy he surmounted all difficulties and achieved a glorious result.

Brigadier-General Rodes distinguished himself much, and won a proud name for himself and his division. Generals Heth, Pender, and Ramseur contributed greatly to the success of our arms.

Much is due the artillery. Colonels [S.] Crutchfield, [J. Thompson] Brown, [R. L.] Walker, and [E. P.] Alexander deserve special mention. Respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Major W. H. TAYLOR, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 338. Report of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

May 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in advance of a detailed report, the following narrative of events connected with the battle of the Wilderness (May 2,) and of Chancellorsville (May 3), and events following:

This corps, under its immortal leader, Lieutenant-General [T. J.] Jackson, attacked the enemy on his right, turning his right flank by the Turnpike road at Melzi Chancellor's, 2 miles above Chancellorsville,

