
positions, he was driven entirely from the field and finally fled across the river. Our troops behaved with the greatest heroism.

I desire the call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that I was called to the command, at 10 o'clock at night, on the battle-field, of the corps d'armee led so long by the immortal Jackson, in the midst of a night attack made by the enemy, without any knowledge of the ground, the position of our forces, or the plans thus far pursued, and without an officer left in the corps above the rank of brigadier-general. Under these disadvantages the attack was renewed the next morning and prosecuted to a successful issue.

Major General A. P. Hill who had the misfortune to be wounded soon after the command devolved upon him, remained near the field next day, notwithstanding his wound, for which I was very grateful, for circumstances might have arisen making his presence necessary.

To the generals of divisions and brigades I feel greatly indebted for the hearty co-operation, zeal, and support accorded to my by all to the fullest extent of their ability. The field officers and others I hope to particularize hereafter in a detailed report when the date is collected, as well as mention specially the various officers serving on my staff with marked distinction durig the day. I labored under great disadvantages in having none of General Jackson's staff with me until after the action began and then only Major A. S Pendleton, who, however, behaved with great heroism and efficiency when he did join me. Our losses were heavy; the enemy's heavier.

In Sunday's battle, Brigadier-Generals Ramseur, Heth, and McGowan were wounded and Paxton killed. Heth and Ramseur, though painfully wounded, peristed in retaining command to the close of the fight. Their heroic conduct will be specially mentioned in the report proper. The casualties of the corps I have not the means of knowing, as before the returns were completed I relinquished the command to Major General A. P. Hill in pursuance to the orders of the commanding general; but the division and brigade commanders were ordered to submit through me their reports of the battle of Chancellorsville.

The cavalry was well managed by Brigadier General Fitz. Lee, who seized Ely's Ford, and held the road to within 2 miles of Chancellorsville, driving the enemy's cavalry from the former place. His men, without rations or forage, displayed a heroism rarely met with under any circumstances, and, guarding the two flanks, accomplished an indispensable part of the great success which God vouchsafed to us.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Hdqrs. Army of Northern Va.

Numbers 339. Reports of Brigadier General Henry Heth, C. S. Army, commanding brigade and Ambrose P. Hill's division, respectively.
HEADQUARTERS A. P. HILL'S LIGHT DIVISION,May 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of the several commands under my orders at different times in the

---------------

*See also Stuart's report (Numbers 423.) of cavalry operations.

---------------

