
Numbers 7. Report of Captain Marcellus N. Moorman, Stuart Horse Artillery.

APRIL 16, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to order, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my battery during the engagement of the 14th and 15th:

Upon the 14th my battery moved from camp near bridge headquarters, following the Ninth Cavalry. Upon reaching a high hill some 1 1\2 miles below Brandy Station, I was ordered by Major [R. F.] Beckham to send one piece (rifled) forward to Kelly's Ford, where, under the command of Lieutenant [J. J.] Shoemaker, it fired repeatedly upon the enemy across the river, with what effect not ascertained. The remainder of my battery (two guns) I moved, by order of General Stuart,to Rappahannock Bridge, and there opened fire, dispersing different squads of the enemy. During the afternoon a section of the enemy's guns were put in position behind earthworks,and engaged my guns for probably minutes, and then retired.

I am happy to report no casualties during the day.

On the 15th, my battery was again called out and held in position near the old church, upon the road (I believe to Beverly Ford.) From thence it returned to camp, not being called upon.

Respectfully submitted.

M. N. MOORMAN,

Captain, Commanding Battery, Stuart Horse Artillery.

Brigadier General W. H. F. LEE.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant C. E. Ford, Stuart Horse Artillery.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.

April 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I was ordered on the morning of the 14th to move a section of my battery near Rappahannock Bridge. Lieutenant 	[J. Wilmer] Brown's section, consisting of a Napoleon and a Blakely rifled upon, went. We took position with the Blakely about three-quarters of a mile from the river, and shelled the enemy's sharpshooters, who had occupied the hills opposite. After dispersing them, I moved the section on the hill immediately overlooking the river, and there exchanged shots for about half an hour with a section of the enemy's artillery, which was well protected by a redoubt. We sustained no injury. I am not certain whether we punished our opponents or not. The redoubt was struck repeatedly.

About 12 o'clock the next day (15th) was ordered hurriedly to Welford's Ford, in the midst of a drenching rain. Arrived there, sharp shooters were again dispersed.

We returned to camp this morning, having expended about 100 rounds of ammunition, and having no casualty to report. Lieutenant [Robert P.] Burwell was with us also.

Officers and men behaved well; and notwithstanding the rain was calculated to produce discontent, nothing of the kind was manifested.

I remain, your obedient servant,

C. E. FORD,

Lieutenant Stuart Horse Artillery.

Captain W. T. ROBINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

