
interval between leaving the vicinity of Hamilton's Crossing, on the morning of May 1, until the termination of the operations at Chancellorsville, May 3, 1863:

My brigade moved from Hamilton's Crossing on the morning of May 1, on the Plank road leading to Chancellorsville. When within 3 miles of Chancellorsville, I received an order from Major-General Hill to report in person to him. On doing so, I was ordered to take the brigades of McGowan, Lane, and my own, and advance by a cross-road leading from the Plank road to the old Pike, a distance of 1 1/4 miles; on reaching the old Pike to feel my way, and advance in the direction of Chancellorsville. When I reached the old Pike, I found General McLaws, with a portion of his command, some half mile to rear of where I struck the portion of his command, some half mile to rear of where I struck the pike. On advancing my skirmishers became hotly engaged, and, as it had become quite dark, a farther advance was not made that night.

Early in the morning I was ordered to open with a battery, under the immediate charge of Major [W. J.] Pegram, upon the enemy's position, and continue the firing for about half an hour. Our fire was returned by the enemy. Being informed by Major Pegram that his shot were doing the enemy no damage, I directed him to cease firing. Soon after, I received orders to move with my command, crossing the Plank road and following the rest of the division. General Hill, soon after passing the old furnace, directed me to resume command of my brigade.

On reaching a position in rear of Chancellorsville, I was ordered to form line of battle on General Colston's left. General Colston advanced his line before the formation was completed, and rendered a compliance with the order impossible. I then received orders to form on General Pender's left. This was done. I also received orders to go to the support of any general officer requesting aid. After advancing in line of battle about 1 1/2 miles on the left of and parallel to the Plank road, I received a message from Brigadier General J. R. Jones requesting support. I put my brigade in motion and advanced, passing Melzi Chancellor's house, and entered the thick oak woods on the left of the Plank road. On entering these woods, the enemy opened upon my command a heavy fire of artillery, doing us some damage. It was now becoming quite dark. The undergrowth was so thick and entangled that it was impossible to advance in any order. I ordered the brigade to reform on the Plank road, which had scarcely been done when orders were received from General Hill to move down the road by the flank. On reaching the position in the road occupied by General Hill, he directed me to deploy two regiments, one on the right, the other on the left of the road, to check the enemy, who were then advancing. These movements had not been completed before the enemy opened heavily upon the Fifty-fifth Virginia Regiment. It was here that gallant and promising officer, Colonel F. Mallory, was killed. Soon after, General Hill informed me that he was wounded, and directed me to take command of the division. General Lane's brigade at this time was in line of battle on the right of the road, occupying the breastworks from which the enemy had been driven. I directed General Pender to form his brigade in line of battle on the left of the road, occupying the deserted breastworks of the enemy. Before the remaining brigade could be placed in line of battle, the enemy, under Sickles, advanced and attack General Lane's right. He was handsomely repulsed by the Eighteenth, Twenty-eighth, and a portion of the Thirty-third North Carolina Regiments. This attack was made by the enemy under cover of heavy shelling. These regiments behaved with commendable courage and zeal in repelling at least five times their number.

