
out the least halt or hesitation, carried them, driving the enemy before him who outnumbered him five to one. General Archer succeeded in capturing a battery of four guns. By his gallant attack he secured the key to the enemy's position, clearing a hill and open space in his front, and thus gaining for our artillery a position from which they were enabled to silence the 29-gun battery of the enemy, which had inflicted so much loss upon our lines. From this position our artillery had also a raking fire on the enemy's works on our right. General Archer, after carrying the hill referred to advanced beyond the open space and attacked the enemy on his right. He was joined by Major-General Anderson.

About this time the enemy threatened to turn Thomas' and Pender's left. Re-enforcements were ordered to them, among which McGowan's brigade (Colonel Hamilton commanding) formed a part. As soon as re-enforcements reached Pender and Thomas, a general advanced took place, and aided by our artillery, which had not been able to assist us in any previous attack, the works of the enemy were cleared; and, retreating rapidly, he fell back in the direction of United States Ford. Thus ended the battle of Chancellorsville.

Where all behaved so well it would appear like unjust discrimination in mentioning individuals. Generals Pender, Archer, and Thomas deserve for their successful attacks to be specially mentioned; and, under the murderous fire of artillery to which they were particularly exposed, no officers or men could have done better than Generals Lane and McGowan and Colonel [J. M.] Brockenbrough. The Light Divisoion (A. P. Hill's), although unfortunately deprived of the presence of their gallant commander, showed on this day that the spirit with which he had inspired them by success on so many battle-fields was still present, and each and all did their duty.

A list of killed and wounded has been furnished.*

I cannot close this report without adding that my personal staff-Captains [R. H.] Finney and [H. H.] Harrison, Lieutenants [Miles C.] Selden and [Stockton] Heth, and Acting Engineer Officer W. O. Slade-deserve my thanks for their gallantry and coolness on all occasions during the battle. For acts of individual gallantry, I respectfully refer you to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,May 21, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular of May 12, from corps headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of standards lost and captured in this command during the late engagements near Chancellorsville, of the 2nd and 3rd instant:

The Twenty-second Virginia Battalion.-Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Tayloe reporst the loss of the flag of his battalion, with the following circumstances attending it:

After standing the fire of the batteries intrenched in the front of Chancellorsville, and before which three brigades had to fall back, together with the fire of the enemy's

---------------

*Not found; but see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

