
reaching the edge of the field, these troops, with a yell, increased their speed to a double-quick, and such was the impetuosity of the charge that the enemy's resistance, though fierce and bloody, was of short duration. We soon triumphantly mounted their intrenchments, completely routing them from a position from which it is almost impossible to conceive how an army could be driven. On gaining the works, we discovered the field literaly crowded with men fleeing in every direction, and poured into them a deadly fire. Occupying this position about two minutes, we discovered troops advancing through the woods upon our left, and supposed they were friends until a volley fired into our left and rear removed the delusion. Their numbers and position being vastly superior to ours, and being unsupported on our left, we were again forced to retire. As soon as our artillery shelled this piece of woods, we advanced a third time, and held the position. Artillery now coming to our support, soon silenced the enemy's batteries (which had harassed us during the entire day), and forced them to abandon in great confusion their strong and well-selected position, to take shelter in the Wilderness and retreat toward the river.

The loss sustained by the brigade in killed and wounded amounted to 33 officers and 270 enlisted men.

Could aught repay us for the noble spirits who have fallen, we would find consolation in the glorious victory achieved; but our little brigade and the entire corps will long miss and mourn the loss of the experienced and gallant dead.

With few exceptions, the bearing and conduct of officers and men were unexceptionable.

Very respectfully, your obedeint servant,

J. M. BROCKENBROUGH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

Numbers 341. Report of Captain T. Edwin Betts, Fortieth Virginia Infantry.

NEAR MOSS NECK, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA.,

May 14, 1863.

SIR: The undersigned, now in command of the regiment in pursuance of general orders, would make the following report of the part taken by the regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, commencing on the evening of May 2, and continuing up to 10 a.m. the following day (3rd), to wit:

On Saturday evening, May 2, the regiment, composing a part of General Heth's brigade, was deployed in line of battle on the left of the Plank road, or turnpike, leading to Fredericksburg and some 2 miles above Chancellorsville, and proceeded to advance on the same side of the road until we met with the enemy, intrenched about half a mile in advance. At this point the enemy made little or no resistance, but abandoned their intrenchments. The regiment continued to advance until within 400 or 500 yards of the second series of intrenchments of the enemy. It was now about night. Here the enemy opened a very destructive artillery fire upon us, resulting in wounding 1 officer-Captain [A. J.] Sydnor-and killing and wounding some 10 or 12 enlisted

