
men. The regiment continued to advance some 100 or 150 yards farther, when it was ordered to halt. Here the enemy's artillery again opened fire upon us, which resulted in killing Captain Samuel S. Cralle and wounding several enlisted men. The regiment after this retired to a small open space of ground in the rear and bivouacked for the night.

About early dawn the next morning the regiment was formed in line of battle on the right of the Plank road, and considerably in advance of our position the night previous, and immediately in front of the enemy's intrenched line, which was supported by many pieces of artillery. About sunrise an advance was ordered, which was made as a support to some other troops in advance of us. The regiment advanced some 100 yards, when it was halted. It here remained until nearly all the troops in front fell back; then it was ordered to fall back to the position it previously occupied, to wit, the line of intrenchments from which the enemy had been driven the night before.

About this time Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Cox, who was in command of the regiment, was wounded; Major E. T. Stakes, next in rank, it was ascertained had also been wounded. The command at this juncture devolved upon the undersigned as seniors officers present. This was about 7.30 or 8 o'clock in the morning.

About 8.30 a.m. a charge was ordered,which was made successfully, passing over two lines of barricades and reaching the crest of the hill in front, where the enemy's batteries were or had been posted. This position was held for some ten or fifteen minutes, but in consequence of not receiving support in time, the enemy moved on our left flank and compelled us to fall back to our former position in rear. Here we remained for some length of time, when another charge was made, and which resulted in our regaining the position we formerly were compelled to abandon. Here the regiment reamained, in conjunction with other portions of the brigade, as a support to our artillery until the enemy were repulsed from the field.

At the time the undersigned took command the following-named officers were present with their commands, viz:

Company A: Captain John E. Stakes and Second Lieutenant C. F. Snow.

Company B; None.

Company C: Captain T. E. Betts and First Lieutenant T. C. Redman.

Company D: Second [Lieutenant] John T. Payton.

Company E: First Lieutenant L. M. Purcell and Second Liuet. W. E. George.

Company F: Captain H. E. Coles, First Lieutenant N. H. Timbs, and Second Lieutenant T. E. Blackwell.

Company G: Second Lieutenant T. T. Crowther.

Company H: First Lieutenant E. Edmonds and Second Lieutenant W. H. Lee.

Company I: Captain [W. F.] Dunaway and First Lieutenant Robert H. Chilton.

Company K: Captain R. B. Davis, First Lieutenant B. F. Stewart, Second Lieutenant W. Newton, and Second Lieutenant John H. Chandler.

The number of enlisted men present, as well as I could ascertain, was about 175 or 200.

The subjoined statement will show the number of casualties in the regiment during the battle, i.e. Saturday and Sunday.

The above-mentioned officers, and men under their command, behaved so well that discrimanation would seem unjust and somewhat invidious. None flinched from any duty or peril, though there were two whose zeal and impetuosity in both charges attracted my attention, viz, First Lieutenant T. C. Redman and Second Lieutenant John H. Chandler.

