
be of any service to him, I knew you would order their advance. He said that he wanted anybody he could get. You immediately ordered the advance, and we went to the support of a battery which was placed at the same frame of a house to which we had advanced when supporting Lane. We remained here only a few minutes, when we were again ordered forward, and, drawing off the enemy we advaned to the works that had been occupied by his artillery.

The field between this place and Chancellorsville was literally covered with fleeing Yankees, and we were pouring a deadly fire into them, when the cry was raised,"We are flanked on the left!" and immediately a hot fire of musketry was opened upon our flank and rear. As the artillery fire on our front had never ceased, and the flanking party largely ontnumbered us, we were again obliged to fall back. Shortly afterward, when our artillery was ordered forward, we again advanced to the enemy's works and supported our guns till their last gun was drawn from its position at Chancellorsville, when we took our position along the Plank road and advanced our skirmishers into the woods.

There was no more fighting done by the regiment or brigade.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

RO. M. MAYO.

Colonel, Commanding Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment.

Colonel J. M. BROCKENBROUGH,

Commanding Heth's Brigade.

No. 343. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William S. Christian, Fifty-fifth Virginia Infantry.

MAY 17, [1863.]

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifty-fifth Virginia Regiment in the recent battles near Chancellorsville.

On April 29, 1863, the regiment left its camp, and marched in the direction of Hamilton's Crossing, where it remained during the afternoon and night.

On the morning of the 30th, it was moved down nearer the front, and a part of it was engaged during the day in throwing up breastworks. On May 1, we started about daylight with other troops in the direction of the Plank road, and moved up that road toward Chancellorsville. We camped that night in the woods on the right of the Plank road, a few miles below Chancellorsville, formed a line of battle, and, after throwing out a company to the front as pickets, we rested upon our arms all night.

On May 2, we were moved to the left, around the right flank of the enemy, with other troops of the Secone Army Corps. A short time before sunset,we reached a point on the turnpike at which we were deployed in a line of battle to the left of that road, the Fifty-fifth Regiment being on the left of the brigade. We then advanced in line of battle through the woods and fields, following another line which was then engaged with the enemy. There was in many places a great deal of tangled undergrowth, which impeded our progress, and, as darkness came on, some of the different regiments became very much intermingled. At this point we were subjected to a severe fire of artillery, and lost some valuable officers and men in killed and wounded, but all were an-

