
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,February 7, 1863-9.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy moved up in considerable force on the Marsch road yesterday and day before. Three brigades (infantry) encamped near Grove Church, while a force of cavalry came to Kelly's Mills with one gun, and another party attacked my pickets at the railroad bridge. This latter force endeavored to destroy the bridge, but were foiled in their attempt. Just at dark a party got under bridge on the opposite side of the river, behind the abutments, and cut a few of the posts, attempting to fire the timbers at the same. In the meantime a vigorous attack was made on my pickets, who got into the rifle-pits, and held their ground resolutely. The enemy were driven off after some hours' fighting, and my loss was 1 man wounded.

The whole force of the enemy retired at 2 a. m. this morning. I regret that the condition of my horses did not allow me to follow them. The infantry have also fallen back.

My scouts have captured 25 prisoners in the last few days and killed 6 of the enemy. All is quiet along the lines to-night.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General [J. E. B.] STUART.

FEBRUARY 5-8, 1863.-Scout from Camp Piatt into Wyoming County, W. Va.

Report of Major John McMahan, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP PIAT, W. VA., February 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of my recent trip into Wyoming Country, W. Va.:

In obedience to your orders, I marched with 70 men, in a blinding snow storm, on the morning of the 5th instant; crossed Big Coal River at Thompson's farm, striking Little Coal 12 miles above Boone Court-House, halting 10 miles above said point until 10 p. m.; thence marched by the way of Wyoming Court-House to Charles Stewart's, on the Laurel Fork of Guyandotte River, 4 miles from said Court-House. Remained there until 1 p. m. on the 6th; thence proceeded to the headquarters of Laurel Creek, to John Farmer's and remained there until 6 a. m. of the 7th; thence marched to the Marsch Fork of Brig Coal, down said river to Jacob Fetter's, where we arrived at 6 a. m. of the 8th; thence, by the way of Lum's Creek, to Camp Piatt, where we arrived at 7 p. m. on the 8th instant.

The weather was very severe, and my men and horses suffered very much. Some of my men had their feet frozen. We lost 4 horses from fatigue and exhaustion, and I impressed 3, one from old Mr. Cook, father of the rebel Captain Cook, 1 from a Mr. Fielding, and from an unknown party, to enable me to bring my men into camp. The fourth man dismounted rode the horse of the guide, who remained at home.

From reliable information received, I am satisfied that the rebel Cap-

