
enemy's works. We advanced under a most deadly fire of every kind of missile ever employed by the most skillful and experienced artillerists, crossing the road diagonally, and, when about 500 yards from the enemy's batteries, we discovered at the distance of 100 or 125 yards in front of us a strong line of Yankee infantry; and 75 or 100 yards in rear of this line a second strong line of Yankee infantry, entrenched. We became engaged with this infantry force, which, with the artillery, was rapidly mowing down our small party, besides a flanking party was rapidly moving up on our left. We were ordered to fall back, which order was obeyed; and when we computed the damage, we ascertained that of 102 men carried in by the battalion, we lost in killed, wounded, and missing about 45.

E. P. TAYLOE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-second Virginia Battalion.

Colonel J. M. BROCKENBROUGH, Commanding Heth's Brigade.

Numbers 345. Reports of Colonel D. H. Hamilton, First South Carolina Infantry, Provisional Army, commanding regiment and McGowan's brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION,Camp Gregg, Va., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Necessarily I must make my report to you as to the part taken by my regiment (First South Carolina Volunteers) in the battles of the 2nd and 3rd instant, as the command of the brigade devolved upon me on the morning of the 3rd instant, in consequence of the wounding of Brigadier-General McGowan.

At 10 a. m., April 29, in obedience to orders, I marched my regiment, with others of this brigade, to our old position on the Military road beyond Hamilton's Crossing, the same ground which we occupied on December 13, 1862, at the battle of Fredericksburg. Here we remained facing the enemy for forty-eight hours, who were drawn out in line of battle, with their skirmishers pushed well to the front.

At 4 a. m., May 1, we marched from this position, and, passing through the line of country in front of Fredericksburg, we entered the Plank road near the Tabernacle Church. Continuing along the Plank road, we reached a point within a mile of the enemy's line of works. After a short rest, we filed off by a road to the right of the Plank road, where our skirmishers became engaged with those of the enemy. We were likewise subjected to a fire of artillery. We did not become actually engaged, but dark coming on we lay down to rest on the edge of the woods, in the position on which our line of battle had been formed.

At an early hour the next morning (2nd instant), I received orders to march my regiment off the ground, it being the determination that we should pass around the right flank of the enemy and get position in their rear. Our march was commenced, and we were subjected to the most trying ordeal to which any troops could be subjected. As soon as we reached the open ground, we were exposed in open and full view to the batteries of the enemy, and, under a deliberate and annoying fire, we passed these batteries in review. My regiment stood the ordeal well, and passed quietly and in good order across this exposed position. Projecting hills soon screened us from further annoyance, and our march was rapidly and successfully continued until we reached a position beyond Chancellorsville, in rear of the enemy's line of works. Here we found that General Rodes, commanding Major General D. H. Hill's old divis-

