
pying the position beyond, they took refuge (many of them) in rear of my line, and annoyed my regiment much by firing over their heads, in some instances wounding my men, and in one instance killing one of my best subalterns, Lieutenant C. P. Seabrook, Company H, who was shot and instantly killed by a shot fired from the rear.

By this time empty cartridge-boxes were beginning to be the prevalent condition of my regiment. I asked for a supply, and was told that it could not be just then furnished. I asked Captain A. C. Haskell, assistant adjutant-general, whether it was not possible to obtain it, for that I did not know what I should do, as the enemy were advancing on the right, and that I could not meet them with empty guns. In about fifteen minutes after this, the line on my right gave way, and I saw a stream of the enemy pouring over the breastworks, so there was nothing left me but to retire, which I did, the Rifle Regiment having passed to the rear before me.

In making this movement the two left companies of my regiment, in the noise of the firing, did not hear the command, and remained with those regiments of the brigade on the left of my position, and did not rejoin me for several hours after. I fell back with my regiment to a road in rear, where I met Brigadier-General Colston rallying one of the brigades of the division which he commanded (Trimble's). I applied to him to obtain ammunition, which was soon furnished. At this point I found myself in command of the brigade, as both Brigadier-General McGowan and Colonel O. E. Edwards, Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (senior colonel), were wounded.

The further report of the part taken by my regiment in these battles will be continued by Captain W. P. Shooter, Company E, who, as senior captain, took command of my regiment.* To him and to Captain T. P. Alston, my acting adjutant, I feel much indebted for their efficiency, gallantry, and coolness under the heaviest fire to which I have ever been subjected among the many battles in which I have been engaged.

I cannot praise too highly the conduct of all of my officers and of the men generally, who were as calm and obedient to orders as if they were upon an ordinary drill instead of being hotly engaged in one of the most sanguinary battles of the war.

Below I append lists of killed, wounded, and missing. I carried into battle 300 men, and lost one-third of my numbers.

Command.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Company A	---	5	---	5

Company B	2	13	---	15

Company C	1	10	2	13

Company E	2	17	---	19

Company F	1	8	---	9

Company G	---	11	---	11

Company H	1	12	---	13

Company I	2	4	2	8

Company K	2	4	---	6

Company L	1	4	---	5

Total +	12	88	4	104

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HAMILTON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Light Division.

Captain R. H. FINNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Captain Shooter's report not found.

+ But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

