
regret to say, soon very severely wounded, as likewise my gallant young subaltern, Lieutenant James T. Proctor (Company C, First Regiment), whom I had just before detailed to act as his assistant adjutant-general, and who, after a very few moments of duty, lost his leg.

We had not fought for any great length of time when a portion of Major-General Trimble's division, commanded by Brigadier-General Colston, came to re-enforce us on the right; but from their hesitance in taking the position, and encumbering us in the rear, they were but of little use, and the enemy soon commenced pouring over the breastworks on our right. My regiment (First South Carolina Volunteers) and Orr's Rifle Regiment being out of ammunition, without the means of replenishing it, and our flank exposed by the enemy occupying the line (the prolongation of ours) to the right, it was deemed best to retire for the time, which was done, falling back a short distance to a road in the rear. As commander of my own regiment, I found Brigadier-General Colston rallying some of his own troops; to him I reported, asking that my regiment might be supplied with ammunition, which was furnished me. The Rifle Regiment (Orr's) soon joined me.

Here I learned for the first time that Colonel Edwards was wounded. I assumed command of that portion of the brigade which was with me, and soon resumed the advance. Finding the breastworks occupied by our own troops, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Colston to march the portion of the brigade which had joined me across the Plank road, and occupy the position commanding the flank of the line of breastworks held by our troops. Here I took position, and remained under an irregular but severe fire of shell for two hours, expecting every moment to be engaged with the infantry of the enemy, as scattering bullets were occasionally reaching us, and sometimes heavy firing was heard immediately in our front. Gradually the fie slackened. I was left without further orders, and, finding the brigade of Brigadier-General Pender in my rear moving out into the Plank road, I reported to him for orders, and learned that he was in command of the Light Division, both Major General A. P. Hill and Brigadier-General Heth having been slightly wounded. After a short time we received our rations, replenished our ammunition, and, being rejoined by the rest of the brigade - which had been with Colonel A. Perrin, Fourteenth South Carolina Volunteers - I marched the brigade, under orders of Brigadier-General Pender, to a position on the left of the Plank road, and was established on the front line of his division, facing eastward (on Sunday afternoon, 3rd instant), holding, as he informed me, the key of his position, and which I was ordered by him to hold at all hazards and to the last extremity. Throwing out skirmishers to the front and covering my entire line, we prepared to bivouac and obtain such rest as we might in a swamp, with dead, dying, and roasted Yankees (the woods having taken fire just after the battle of that day, 3rd instant); but our rest was considerably interrupted by our skirmishers becoming engaged with those of the enemy.

On Monday (the 4th), I was ordered to remove the brigade to a position in rear of the one held by me during the afternoon and night before. Here I had breastworks rapidly thrown up, six companies covering my front as skirmishers, and scouts sent out to reconnoiter the position of the enemy. From these scouts I learned early in the evening that the enemy were making no demonstration on their right and in my front. During this night I could hear the moving of their artillery and wagon trains down toward Banks' Ford, and so reported it to Brigadier-General Pender, with my impression that they were moving off, which subsequent events proved to be correct. Nothing of further moment occurred

