
seeing the colors fall near him, ordered a soldier passing by, and who proved to be a member of the First South Carolina Volunteers, to carry them to the rear. The colors were riddled with shot-holes and the flag-staff shivered in several places.

Accompanying this meager account of the part taken by Orr's regiment (Rifles) in the engagement, please find a full statement, so far as known, of the casualties in the various companies.*

Respectfully,

F. E. HARRISON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Orr's Rifles, South Carolina Vols.

Captain T. P. ALSTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Light Division.

Numbers 348. Report of Lieutenant Colonel B. T. Brockman, Thirteenth South Carolina Infantry.

CAMP GREGG, VA., May 19, 1863.

SIR: [I inclose] report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., May 1, 2, and 3.

On April 29, the brigade was ordered to the vicinity of Fredericksburg. That day the Thirteenth Regiment was on picket duty at Moss Neck, under command of Colonel O. E. Edwards. At dawn on the 39th, by order from Major-General [A. P.] Hill, the regiment moved to Hamilton's Crossing, reaching the lines around Fredericksburg, and rejoining the brigade at 1.30 p. m.

On Friday, May 1, the regiment marched with the brigade at 4 a. m., the morning being foggy, in a northwest direction, crossing the Telegraph road, and thence on to the Plank road to the fork of the road, about a mile beyond Salem Church. Here we halted for two hours, marching forward thence at 1.38 p. m. Advanced toward the firing in front along the line of the Plank road, halting at several points. Laid off knapsacks and loaded at 3.17 p. m. At 3.23 we retook knapsacks and pushed on to the front. At 7.20 we filed to the right, passing from the Plank road to the old mud pike, where we were placed in line of battle in rear of McIntosh's battery, fronting toward Chancellorsville, about 2 miles east of it. This movement was completed at 7.40 p. m. Bivouacked there in line of battle for the night.

On Saturday morning, May 2, the cannon firing opened at 5.16 o'clock. At 6.31 our forces were moved by the left flank, and continued moving thus at intervals till 10.45 a. m., when our division got under march for the enemy's rear. The Thirteenth [South Carolina] marched in rear of the Fourteenth [South Carolina]. After a circuit of probably 13 miles, passing entirely around the enemy's right wing, we reached the Culpeper Plank road (having crossed the Orange Plank road) at a point perhaps 4 miles west of Chancellorsville at 6.05 p. m. The small-arm firing opened in our front at this time - the contact of our advanced division (Rodes') and the corps d'armee of Blenker, as we were advised. We continued to advance along the road toward Chancellorsville, occasionally under sporadic fire of shell, and twice under severe fire of shell and grape, with some small-arm, until within 1 1/2 miles of Chancellors-

---------------

* Not found; but see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

