
ville. At this point (at 10.50 p. m.) the regiment was called into line of battle, and advanced southward to support our front lines in that direction. Later, we took position in front lines in a direction nearly perpendicular to the Plank road, 400 or 500 yards south of it. Our brigade here had Archer's (Fifth) on its right and Lane's (Fourth) on its left. In the brigade the Thirteenth [South Carolina] stood between the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (on right) and the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (on left), the Rifles being the extreme right of the brigade. Here (about 2 a. m.) we bivouacked in line, and awaited the morning.

About 5 a. m. on Sunday, May 3, our division commenced its forward movement in the order above indicated, charging and driving the enemy from their first lines of defense. As the enemy fell back our forces occupied their works, but pressed immediately on, the brigade wheeling to the right to confront a work at an angle of about 50 degrees to the one already taken and passed. At this point the Thirteenth fought with great coolness and gallantry, firing steadily under a galling fire of shell, grape, canister, and spherical case, with small-arms mainly on the right. This part of the action continued about forty-five minutes. At the expiration of this period, it was deemed advisable to wheel the brigade back again into line of the division along the works passed in this last advance. Here the regiment remained about one hour under severe fire, and was charged by a battalion of Zouaves, who were repulsed and almost annihilated. During this hour, Brigadier-General McGowan was severely wounded, and retired from the field. The command devolved upon Colonel Edwards, of the Thirteenth Regiment, who held it perhaps thirty minutes, and was then very severely wounded, and retired from the field.

Here it seems appropriate to make record of the conspicuous gallantry and daring of Colonel Edwards, both while leading the regiment in the charge and while holding the line of defensive works. Occupying at all times the best points of observation, he was always in the positions most exposed (standing on top of the breastworks), yet the utmost coolness and vigilance marked his bearing throughout, and, at last, while in command of the brigade, when shot, he was engaged, in the same spirit, cheering and advising his command.

When Colonel Edwards was wounded the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel A. Perrin, of the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. At the time when Colonel Edwards succeeded to the command of the Thirteenth passed to Lieutenant Colonel B. T. Brockman, who led it through the subsequent portion of this engagement.

At the expiration of one hour spent at this work, an advance upon the enemy's next position was undertaken. The Thirteenth advanced across the work and formed line of battle in front, the Fourteenth being upon its left and some portions of the brigade upon the right. This advance was made under the personal direction of General Stuart, and was pushed beyond the second line of defenses and on across a difficult ravine up to a chain of redans immediately around Chancellorsville. This whole advance was made under a severe fire of various kinds, dealt from the several points at that time yet held by the enemy. On reaching the redans, a front of the enemy appeared upon our left and in rear along or near the Plank road. This front kept up a galling fire of small-arms upon our flank and rear, which was returned with spirit by that wing of our brigade. The advance had been pushed too far - beyond the line upon our right and past a strong force of the enemy upon our

