
left - the right apparently retiring from its first advance. Our line was accordingly withdrawn from that extreme position and established along the line of the enemy's first works, nearer the road. Here the regiment rested perhaps two hours, then countermarched and moved by the right flank into the Plank road and eastward, resting awhile in the road. Here Colonel [D. H.] Hamilton, of the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade. The brigade was then moved, about 12 m., by the right flank, countermarching along the road westward; was advanced in line from the road northward a short distance and established in line of battle, where it remained till about 6 a. m. of Monday, May 4. The command at that hour was moved to another point to the left (westward), where it threw up defensive works, which it continued to hold till perhaps 3 p. m. of Wednesday, May 6.

Meanwhile a rain commenced on the afternoon of the 5th, which rendered the exposure on the lines very severe, especially after so much exhaustion.

About 3 p. m. of Wednesday began the march back to camps, which terminated the battle of Chancellorsville.

The Thirteenth took into the action about 300 rank and file. The bearing of the men was commendable throughout.

The following is its loss in officers: Killed, Lieutenant H. L. Fuller, of Company D. Wounded: Colonel O. E. Edwards, Adjt. J. W. Davidson, of the field and staff, and Lieuts. J. D. Copeland, S. L. Wier, F. J. Poole, T. F. Hunter, J. P. Peace, B. B. Chapman, and D. M. Leitzsey, of the line.*

The bearing of the officers was (with the two exceptions elsewhere reported) honorable in a high degree. They were uniformly cool, vigilant, and daring.

Respectfully submitted.

B. T. BROCKMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Numbers 349. Report of Brigadier General E. L. Thomas, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THOMAS' BRIGADE, May 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this brigade was ordered by Major-General Hill, on the morning of May 2, to leave its position near Chancellorsville on the right of the Plank road from Fredericksburg to Gordonsville, and move with the division; in accordance with which order we moved with the division a few miles, when a message was received that the enemy had attacked, and were threatening to capture, artillery and wagon train of the division near the foundry. One regiment was at first sent, but the danger being reported to be most imminent, afterward the whole brigade, with General Archer's brigade, returned, and remained until the train had passed and the demonstrations of the enemy had ceased, when we moved on to overtake the division, which we did about 11 o'clock at night.

The brigade was placed in position by General Heth, commanding division, on the extreme left and front, on the left of the Plank road leading to Fredericksburg and near Chancellorsville, where we remained until daylight.

---------------

* For full list of killed and wounded, see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

