
At an early hour on Sunday morning, the brigade was orderes to advance and attack the enemy. We advanced at once, driving a very heavy force of skirmishers before us. After proceeding about 250 yards, we found the enemy in strong force in our front, behind breastworks. The brigade charged with promptness and energy, and at the first charge drove the enemy, utterly routed, from their entrenched position. Advancing still farther, we found a second line of the enemy, which we at once drove from its position. This brigade and one regiment from the brigade on our right (General Pender's) continuing to advance, driving the enemy before us, met another line of the enemy. After a sharp conflict, this line was repulsed.

At this point, finding that there were no troops on my left and none in supporting distance on my right or rear, and the enemy were advancing in very heavy force on my left flank, and making demonstrations on my right, I ordered the brigade to move back, and took position near the line of the enemy's breastworks, where we remained until the whole line advanced. When the enemy had been driven back at every point, the brigade, according to orders, rejoined the rest of the division.

I take pleasure in reporting that Colonel R. W. Folsom, Fourteenth Georgia; Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Grice, Forty-fifth Georgia; Major S. T. Player, Forty-ninth Georgia, and Captain John Duke, Thirty-fifth Georgia, commanded their respective regiments with marked success. All the officers and men of my command who were present acted with the utmost coolness and the most daring courage before the enemy.

I have to regret the loss of several valuable officers. Captain [Robert P.] Harman, Fourteenth Georgia, and Captain [W. H.] Shaw, Forty-fifth Georgia, were killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel [James M.] Fielder, Captain [T. T.] Mounger, and Lieutenant [H. A.] Solomon fell, mortally wounded, within a few yards of the enemy's breastworks, gallantly leading their men to the charge.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW'D L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 350. Report of Colonel Robert W. Folsom, Fourteenth Georgia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR HAMILTON'S CROSSING, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to submit you a report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the action near Chancellorsville, May 3.

On Saturday, the 2nd instant, the regiment, in company with other regiments composing the brigade, left the swamp just to the right of the turnpike, distant about 8 miles from Fredericksburg, and took up the line of march in the direction of Orange Court House. After marching several miles in that direction, the Fourteenth was detailed to march back to the assistance of the artillery train, which was in danger of being cut off near the iron furnace. I accordingly moved back toward the furnace at a rapid pace, and, on arriving, took position about 200 yards to the left of the road, for the purpose of forestalling any attempt

58 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

