
of the enemy to flank the train by another road which opened upon the Furnace road some 2 miles above. Remained in position about one hour, when I was ordered by Brigadier-General Thomas to bring up the rear and protect the artillery train, which was accordingly done, until, on reaching the Plank road again, about 3 miles northwest of Chancellorsville, I left the train and marched toward the latter place, joined the brigade on the road 1 1/2 miles from Chancellorsville, and marched down the Plank road three-fourths of a mile; then turned off to the left, and formed line of battle in the woods. Remained in this position the balance of the night.

The next morning, at 7 o'clock, was ordered to advance in the direction of the enemy. After driving in their pickets, I encountered the enemy entrenched behind a breastwork of logs directly in my front. Was ordered by General Thomas to charge them, which was accordingly done, and the works successfully carried. The regiment continued to move on, and pursued the foe something like half a mile from the breastwork. Was then ordered back, in consequence of occupying an isolated position. The enemy still being in heavy force on our right, and no supports being visible, fell back to within 150 yards of the breastworks. Remained here in position, carrying on a desultory fight, in which the enemy were vanquished and forced to retire, until about 12 m., when we were relieved and marched back to the rear.

The officers and men of my command behaved with great gallantry and coolness, and where all did so well it would be invidious to particularize.

A list of casualties had already been forwarded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. FOLSOM,

Colonel Fourteenth Georgia Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM NORWOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thomas' Brigade.

Numbers 351. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Grice, Forty-fifth Georgia Infantry.

MAY 10, 1863.

SIR: The following is submitted as a report of the operations of this command at the late battle of Chancellorsville:

The regiment, being at no time detached, has no separate history. It left camp on Wednesday, the [29th] ultimo, and for several subsequent days the men were either on the march or in the immediate front of the enemy, with whom an engagement was constantly expected.

On Saturday, we made a forced march to the scene of battle near Chancellorsville, arriving there at quite a late hour of the night. The march had caused many sick and feeble men to drop out on the way; the number of these is estimated at 25. Hence, we went into the engagement on Sunday with about 350, aggregate.

The behavior of the officers and men through eight days of fatigue, privation, and danger was heroic, and deserves the highest commendation. They endured hardships without murmuring, and met the foe with resolution. Where all acted well it is difficult to discriminate between individuals. It is, however, but just to say that several witnesses

---------------

* But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

