
declare Private James M. Lawrence, of Company E, to have been the first man to pass the line of the enemy's entrenchments. Of this, however, I cannot speak for myself.

Respectfully. submitted.

W. L. GRICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General E. L. THOMAS.

Numbers 352. Report of Major S. t. Player, Forty-ninth Georgia Infantry.

MAY 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville:

The regiment left camp on April 29, with 363 men and 35 officers, taking and retaining the position assigned to it in the order until Saturday evening, May 2, when the number had been reduced from sickness and fatigue to 247 men and 33 officers. At that time the Fourteenth Georgia Regiment, having moved forward, left this regiment on the extreme left of the brigade, which position it occupied during the memorable engagement of Sunday morning. In charging the enemy's breastworks in our front, the regiment was for a short time exposed to an enfilading fire on its left, when I ordered it to march and fire by the left-oblique, which had the desired effect of stopping the enemy's fire from that direction. It was at this time that several of the casualties in this regiment occurred. I then again ordered the regiment to resume its forward march, closing up again to the Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment, until ordered to halt.

The conduct of the officers and men during the whole time was all that a commander could desire. The officers were in their proper places, and the men executed the orders with commendable zeal. Where all have done so well it would be unnecessary for me to mention any names in particular.

From the list of casualties already furnished you will find: Killed, 4; wounded, 30; wounded or missing, 2; missing, 2. Total, 38.*

Respectfully,

S. T. PLAYER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM NORWOOD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 353. Report of Brigadier General James H. Lane, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.+

HDQRS. LANE'S BRIGADE, Camp Gregg, May 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of May 1, my brigade moved from its position in the second line, near Hamilton's Crossing, along the Plank road in the direction of Chancellorsville, and that night formed line of battle, with skirmishers thrown forward to the right of the road, about 1 1/2 miles from the latter place. Next morning, after the artillery fight on our right, it was marched to the Plank road above Chancellorsville, by the way of Welford's Iron Forge, and then ordered to move down the road

---------------

* But see Guild's report, p. 807.

+ General Lane's brigade consisted entirely of North Carolina troops.

---------------

