
Plank road. The Thirty-third Regiment North Carolina troops was on the right, then the Seventh, Thirty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, and Eighteenth [North Carolina].

The Seventh, being left in front, was ordered to countermarch, and take a position behind a line of breastworks which had been thrown up by the Yankees. Before we were in position, the Thirty-third North Carolina troops were deployed as skirmishers in covering our front. Soon after they advanced to the front, a heavy column of the enemy advanced by the right flank up the line of breastworks, with the intention of occupying them, not knowing that the Confederates were so near. The Federals challenged our line to know who we were. We answered, "Confederates." The enemy said, "Come in, Confederates." They asked whose brigade we were. Answered, "General Lane's." They replied, "Tell General Lane to come in." The Seventh were about to fire on them when they sent over a flag of truce, and, while the parley was going on, they demanded time, and again why their flag of truce did not return, threatening to fie on us, and finally did fire a gun at our right, which caused the regiment to fire on them, under the flag of truce, when some 250 leaped over the breastworks and surrendered prisoners of war. They remained quiet until about 10 p. m., when there was considerable noise heard in front, and the command "Forward" distinctly heard, and a charge made by the enemy to try to break our lines. The Seventh Regiment lay still, quietly waiting their appearance. They advanced on the right, and were repulsed with heavy loss by the troops on our right, not coming within range of our guns. After that charge all was quiet during the night.

On the morning of May 3, soon after sunrise, the lines were ordered forward, when the Seventh Regiment advanced forward through the woods under a galling fire until we gained the enemy's works on the first hill, and, after a desperate struggle to hold them, we were compelled to fall back for want of support.

The loss in the Seventh was heavy, including many officers killed and wounded. Colonel Haywood was wounded early in the engagement. Soon after, Major [William L.] Davidson was wounded, and, while at the enemy's works, Lieutenant-Colonel [Junius L.] Hill was killed.

N. A. POOL,

Captain Company K, Commanding Seventh North Carolina Troops.

[Brigadier General JAMES H. LANE.]

Numbers 355. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Forney George, Eighteenth North Carolina Infantry.

CAMP GREGG, VA., May 9, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighteenth Regiment North Carolina troops in the late battle of Chancellorsville:

Early on the morning of the 2nd instant, we were drawn up in line of battle about three-fourths of a mile to the right of the Plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Chancellorsville, and about 1 1/2 or 2 miles from the latter place. We were then ordered forward to support one of our batteries, which was engaging the enemy. Very soon the battery was disabled and withdrawn, and we lost 1 man killed and another mortally wounded by the shelling of the enemy.

