
left wing had then been formed on the right of the Seventh [North Carolina]. The enemy now made a heavy attack on the right, while the front was engaged with skirmishers, and exposed to a more severe cannonade, if possible, than they were in the evening. The right wing was again driven back, but in a short time was rallied, and again deployed for the fourth time. The left wing, under Colonel Avery, was engaged in repulsing the attack on the right. Seeing that there were not men enough to cover the front, I reported the facts. The troops in rear were then relieved, and, under the direction of Major Mayhew, marched to the regiment, where we remained for the remainder of the night.

On Sunday morning, moved on the enemy. Both officers and men behaved gallantly, as our list of killed and wounded will show. The left wing reached the enemy's last line of works; the right aid not reach them, owing to our having lapped on the Eighteenth [North Carolina] Regiment. We retired with the brigade, and reformed in rear of the battle-field. Major Mayhew was wounded and captured on the field. Colonel Avery being wounded, I assumed command, being the senior officer present. After reforming, we moved back to the front. Nothing of interest occurred afterward, except the cheerfulness with which the men worked night and day, and that, too, with scarcely anything to eat, and being under arms the greater part of four successive nights. It affords me great pleasure to be able to state, from the captains' reports, that the conscripts acted as well as the old members of the regiment.

I respectfully beg leave to call your attention to First Lieutenant E. Price, of Company B, and Lieutenant Isaac L. Farrow, of Company H, for the great assistance they rendered me in reforming the regiment, and in building the earthwork, and other arduous duties we had to perform.

We lost 4 commissioned officers killed, 14 wounded, 2 missing; and 28 enlisted men killed, 87 wounded, and 66 missing; making a total of 201 killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

JOS. H. SAUNDERS,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-third North Carolina Troops.

Brigadier General JAS. H. LANE.

Numbers 358. Report of Colonel William M. Barbour, Thirty-seventh North Carolina Infantry.

CAMP GREGG, VA., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, May 3:

After a rapid march, we gained the enemy's right flank on Saturday evening, and a running fight ensued between the advanced troops of our army and those of the enemy. Moving rapidly by the right flank, we soon gained a point near Chancellorsville, where the enemy had several batteries in position, which did us considerable injury that evening. After sunset, my regiment was deployed to the right of the road, behind a small breastwork which the enemy had abandoned. Skirmishers were thrown forward, and my regiment rested for the night.

Early next morning, I received orders to advance in line of battle and assail the enemy's works in front, my left resting on the road. I immediately put my regiment in motion, and advanced steadily under

---------------

* But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

