
Numbers 361. Report of Captain A. N. Porter, Fifth Alabama Infantry Battalion.

MAY 9, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to a circular issued from headquarters Archer's brigade, May 8, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Alabama Battalion in the late battle of Chancellorsville, on May 3:

On the morning of May 3, the brigade of which the battalion forms a part having taken its position to await the dawn of day, a detail was ordered from the battalion to proceed as skirmishers in front of the brigade, and report any information that might be beneficial to the service. This disposition having been made, the brigade moved forward in line of battle. We had proceeded but a few hundred yards before we met the enemy and drove him from his position. Not being in command then myself, I knew not what orders were received, but we charged the enemy, and he fell back to his fortifications, which proved too formidable for our force; we consequently had to retire. While falling back, a shell burst so near my person that I fell senseless, and was carried off the field. What I have stated above is from personal observation; the remainder is gained from the testimony of some officers of the battalion.

We again advanced against the enemy, but were ordered back to support Pegram's battery. After supporting this battery for about half an hour, we were ordered again to charge the fortifications, which we did successfully, compelling the enemy to retreat in haste.

It was here the lamented Captain S. D. Stewart fell. He had commanded the battalion during the engagement, and, just as victory was about to perch upon its banner, he fell, a noble offering to his country's freedom.

With a few individual exceptions, the [Fifth] Alabama Battalion behaved heroically. I do not know that I can mention any one for any distinguished gallantry without disparagement to others who have done their duty and their whole duty. Lieutenant [William B.] Hutton, Company A, Fifth Alabama Battalion, behaved gallantly till he received a mortal wound, from which he died the evening of the same day.

I have already forwarded a list of the casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

A. N. PORTER,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Alabama Battalion.

Captain R. H. ARCHER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 362. Report of Lieutenant Colonel N. J. George, First Tennessee Infantry, Provisional Army.

MAY 11, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, I make the following report of the part taken by the First Tennessee Regiment in the recent engagements with the enemy on the Rappahannock. In making this report, it will be my object to mention such facts and circumstances as may be of use to you in references:

Early on the morning of April 29, I received intelligence from you

---------------

* But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

