
that the enemy were crossing the river at Fredericksburg, and was ordered to put the regiment in marching order at once, which I did, and soon afterward was notified to move off. We marched to the heights below, and in sight of the town (Fredericksburg), and were placed in an entrenchment to await the attack of the enemy, who appeared to be crossing rapidly.

On the morning of May 1, about daybreak, we commenced moving in the direction of Orange Court-House. After marching about 6 miles from Fredericksburg and 8 from the position we had left in the morning, we were formed in line of battle to the right of the Plank road. The Alabama battalion and First Tennessee were on the right of another public road, about 400 yards to the right of the Plank road. Remaining in this position about two hours, we were again ordered to move on the Plank road about 2 miles, where we formed on the right into line of battle. Here General Lee was present. We remained at this point but a short time, and were again ordered forward on the road. About 4 p. m., after marching 3 miles on this road, we left it, changing direction to the right, and in this new direction moved about a half mile, then to the left about a half mile, through a swamp covered with dense undergrowth. The left of our brigade rested on the Plank road, the left having been in front since we left our position across the two roads.

On the morning of the 2nd, we relieved the brigade in our front, and Companies B and G of this regiment were advanced as skirmishers. Soon after, however, we were ordered off, and our skirmishers were to follow when relieved. Being put in march, we moved to the left of the Plank road, and in a south western direction. While on this circuitous movement, we passed an iron foundry, and had gotten about 3 miles from it, when General Archer was informed that the train in our rear was attacked by the enemy at the foundry, upon which he took the responsibility of moving his own and General Thomas' brigade back to resist this attack. In marching back, I met the two companies which had been detailed as skirmishers near the Plank road. They had taken no part in defense of the train, but were hastening to rejoin the regiment, according to orders. On getting near the foundry, we found that the enemy had been repulsed by a regiment of Georgians, assisted, perhaps, by four companies from the Seventh and Fourteenth Tennessee Regiments. Upon learning that no further demonstrations were apprehended on our rear, we were ordered to retrace our steps. At the distance of about 4 miles from the foundry, we again crossed the Plank road leading from Georgetown and intersecting the Fredericksburg and Orange [Court-House] Plank road. At this point we bivouacked. North of this Georgetown road were two others leading into it. These latter were to be defended that night (May 2) by the First Tennessee. We received instructions to be specially vigilant i guarding the one upon the left. The regiment remained in defense of the road until about 12 o'clock, at which time General Archer ordered me forward. The position of our regiment was in front of the brigade, and in this order we moved down the road about 3 miles to the point from which the enemy had been driven the evening previous. A log house stood on the right of the road. Intrenchments were dug on each side (the most formidable on the left) about 50 yards in length, seemingly established for the purpose of resisting further movements on their flank. Here the brigade was filed to the right, and moved perpendicularly to the road about 600 yards, where we found General McGowan's brigade in line of battle extending east and west. We passed along in front of his brigade, and formed to his right, our line running diagonally to the left about 30 degrees

59 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

