
so broken down that 200 could not be mounted until I impressed all the horses that could be seized to remount for the field.

My infantry did all it was possible for foot forces to accomplish. I pushed Colonel Thompson forward to Janelew, with the Third [West] Virginia Volunteers, a section of a battery and about 60 cavalry, on the 5th, to meet the advance at Clarksburg. He made a vigorous attack, and defeated them without any loss on his part, killing 2 or more, wounding 5, and capturing 7 prisoners.

The constant movements of my troops have prevented the officers from making detailed reports of casualties, and they will be furnished as soon as I can get them in. The captures exceed 50 prisoners, and the losses of the enemy in killed and wounded are about 30.

I have had the hearty co-operation of all the officers and men of my command, and the cheerfulness they have expressed in the endurance of the hardest marching I have ever known, during ten or more consecutive days of rain, and snow, without shelter of any kind, entitles them to my thanks and the gratitude of the country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel George R. Latham, Second West Virginia Infantry, of skirmish at Beverly.
HDQRS. SECOND VIRGINIA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Weston, Va., May 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you that on April 24, about 9 a.m, I received notice at Beverly, Va. (being in command there), that the enemy was in force at Huttonsville, 11 miles distant, and advancing. I immediately proceeded to the front with two companies of cavalry, advancing on both roads leading up the valley toward Huttonsville. Having proceeded about 5 miles we met their advance guard on both roads. The morning was very foggy, and the enemy's cavalry far outnumbering ours, we were pressed back without being able to obtain any satisfactory view of their other forces, infantry and artillery. We fell back slowly, worrying and impeding the progress of the enemy wherever an advantage could be gained.

At 12 m., the enemy being within 2 1/2 miles of Beverly, I repaired to the town to see that the troops were properly disposed the most successfully to meet the attack, as I was satisfied, from their steady and determined advance, and the rumbling of artillery in the rear, that they were in very considerable force, though, from the thick fog, an estimate was yet impossible.

About 1 p.m. the fog cleared away, and five regiments of infantry, at least two of cavalry, and one battery of six guns, were discovered, amounting in all to at least 4,500 men.

My force consisted of seven companies of the Second [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, numbering for duty 400 men; five companies of the Eighth [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, numbering 289 men; Captain Frank Smith's Independent Company of Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

