
south of west, the right of our regiment resting about 800 yards from the road. We were, I think, at this time on the extreme right of our army. The line was formed a short time before day, and skirmishers were thrown out in front, extending about 250 yards to the right.

About sunrise we moved forward through a dense pine thicket and tangled undergrowth, crossing a ravine, exposed all the time to the fire from the skirmishers and artillery. After advancing about 300 yards, we came upon an open field, the skirmishers of the enemy rapidly retiring. Here their artillery opened upon us with more spirit, but with little effect. We wheeled to the left, continuing the march; attacked and drove in confusion a body of Yankee troops who had supported the battery. This battery fell into our hands, together with a number of prisoners. We were now in much confusion, from the charge through the woods and over the rough ground. Halting a few minutes to form the regiments, we attempted to rectify the confusion before mentioned, but ere this was done were ordered forward. The object was to move against the main line of battle in their fortified intrenchments, distant about 400 yards from where we attempted to form. We started from the spring, moved to the top of the hill, from which we could plainly see the strong lines and batteries of the enemy beyond the open field through which we must pass to gain the position desired, under the fire of both infantry and artillery. Upon these works we charged with our ranks thinned, regiments ill-formed, and with no support on the right or left. We moved within 100 yards of this stronghold; halted, and engaged the enemy in a terrible fire of some minutes, when we were forced to retire. Again we partially formed, and made a second charge against the same position with less effect than at first, we being evidently too weak numerically to carry such a line; and even had we been a strong brigade, could not, I think, have carried the position, acting, as we did, independent of all others. Our regiment was now placed in support of Major [W. J.] Pegram's battery, which was upon the hill in front of us, commanding the enemy's works. It opened a most destructive fire upon them, causing the Yankees to retreat from their position on the left.

In the meantime General Stuart ordered General Anderson against the enemy's flank, which position he carried (this being the same position which we had attacked). I claim that in general this regiment behaved well, and here we lost several good men. The brigade was again formed, and moved forward; attacking the enemy about three-fourths of a mile to our left and near the Plank road, drove him from his intrenchments, and reoccupied them. The enemy rallied on the Plank road, and attempted to drive us from and recover their position. A terrible enfilading fire now commenced, and a portion of the brigade gave way (the extreme left). The position was held, however, and the Yankees were compelled to retire. When we had ceased to fire, General [A. R.] Wright came up with his brigade and proposed to move forward, and for this purpose prepared the way by sending one regiment in advance as skirmishers, whose presence brought up a white flag, with the surrender of about 500 prisoners. I now looked about for General Archer, who was trying to rally the brigade which he carried in with his own, but, failing, returned to his own and reformed it. Rations were issued, and we again formed in line of battle north of the road and near the enemy. This line, I think, was at an angle of 45 degrees with the Plank road, faced to the northeast.

Early on the next morning we began to intrench to the rear of our position. After throwing up some strong works, we moved again to the left, and prepared intrenchments about one-half mile from and on a line

