
came up, until about the close of the action, when I very readily got my men into shape again near the spot from where I commenced the advance.

I can truly say that my brigade fought May 3 with unsurpassed courage and determination. I never knew them act universally so well. I noticed no skulking, and they never showed any hesitation in following their colors. My list of killed and wounded will show how manfully they fought on that glorious day. After having witnessed the fighting of nearly all the troops that fought on the left of the road, I am satisfied with my own; but by no means claiming any superiority. All that I saw behaved as heroes.

Colonel [A. M.] Scales, Thirteenth North Carolina, was wounded, and thus I was deprived of as gallant a man as is to be found in the service.

Lieutenant-Colonel [Joseph H.] Hyman, Thirteenth North Carolina, showed himself a true and gallant officer.

Captain [H. A.] Rogers, Thirteenth North Carolina, gallantly carried the colors of his regiment for some time after receiving a wound in the arm.

Adjutant [Henry A.] Walker, Thirteenth North Carolina, also receives high commendation from his regimental commander for his gallantry.

Lieutenant [Edward] Smith, Company B, Thirteenth North Carolina, has been frequently recommended for promotion for gallant conduct, but thus far has not been confirmed; being fired upon by one of the enemy, rushed forward, and killed him with his sword. Lieutenant [James N.] Williamson, also recommended, as Lieutenant Smith, continued throughout the fight after receiving a flesh wound through the thigh.

Colonel [John S.] McElroy, and Lieutenant-Colonel [William A.] Stowe, Sixteenth North Carolina, both behaved as finely as officers could, until they were both seriously wounded. And I cannot refrain from mentioning Private Wiggins, of the same regiment, for his gallantry and endurance. After being on skirmish or picket duty for three days and nights, volunteered to go out again, when he very coolly and deliberately loaded several guns, with which he killed several of the enemy.

It is with great sorrow that I have to record the deaths of Lieutenant-Colonel [Chris C.] Cole and Major [L.] Odell, Twenty-second North Carolina. Two finer soldiers or more gallant men were not to be found in the army. They never failed me on any occasion.

Lieutenant-Colonel [John] Ashford, Lieutenants [Alsa J.] Brown and [John M.] Robinson, Thirty-eighth North Carolina - the former part of the time and the two latter all the time in charge of my sharpshooters - distinguished themselves very much. Colonel Ashford was remarked for his gallantry by all, and Lieutenant Brown continued with or in charge of the sharpshooters for several days. He is a young man who deserves promotion. He kept his skirmishers so close to the enemy's breastworks on Monday and Tuesday as to pick off their artillery horses, men working on their trenches, and any one seen mounted. He drove in their skirmishers on all occasions.

I should mention that Major [M. McR.] McLauchlin, Thirty-eighth North Carolina, was badly wounded while behaving most gallantly. Adjutant [David M.] McIntire, same regiment, is also spoken of for distinguished conduct.

In general terms, my officers, with but few exceptions, acted not only well, but remarkably so.

