
The duel was at long range, and did not justify the expenditure of ammunition on our part. I reported this fact to General Heth, commanding at that point, and he directed me to withdraw. Colonel Crutchfield having been disabled on Saturday afternoon, you assumed command of the Second Corps artillery, and directed me to take command of your battalion.

About 7.30 p. m. I was directed to send two pieces of artillery to report to General Pender, on the Plank road, and two pieces to General McGowan, to the right of that road. About 10 p. m. the enemy attacked General McGowan's advance, when Lieutenant Chamberlayne opened on them with his two 12-pounder Napoleon guns, firing shell over the heads of our troops, inflicting heavy damage on the enemy's infantry.

On Sunday morning, May 3, at 5 a. m., according to directions from Colonel E. P. Alexander, acting chief of artillery, I sent Captain Marye, with his battery, to report to General Pender, on the Plank road; Captain Brunson, with his battery, 300 yards to Captain Marye's rear, to the right of the Plank road. The remaining three batteries, Captain Davidson's and Lieutenants McGraw's and Chamberlayne's, I massed near the position occupied by Lieutenant Chamberlayne on the night before, on the road leading to position occupied by the enemy on our right. About 6.30 a. m., observing the enemy move suddenly off from their position, I immediately moved up the three above-mentioned batteries, and Captain R. C. M. Page coming up with his excellent battery of Napoleons, I placed all of the guns in position at that point, and opened an oblique fire on the enemy's batteries. The firing was accurate, and had a telling effect on the enemy's batteries, exploding several ammunition chests, killing a number of men and horses, and soon driving them away from their guns.

About this time Major Huger came up with Colonel Alexander's battalion, and took position on my left. The enemy had a heavy body of infantry in the woods immediately in our front. They advanced a heavy line of skirmishers and opened on the cannoneers, and, whilst we were engaged in driving them back, they moved up and carried off their guns. If there had been a line of skirmishers in our front, they could never have carried off their guns. I then directed all of the guns, about twenty-five in number, to open on the infantry in our front. A murderous fire was kept up on them, killing and wounding a very large number, until our infantry came up on their flanks, and we drove them entirely off from this position. I regret here to have to record the death of one of the most gallant, meritorious, and efficient officers in the service, Captain Greenlee Davidson, who fell, mortally wounded, at the moment of victory.

Captains Page's and Davidson's and Lieutenant Chamberlayne's batteries having expended all of their ammunition, I sent them to the rear, to refill their chests, and advanced Lieutenant McGraw's battery along with Carter's and McIntosh's battalion to the position from which we had just driven the enemy, and opened on them in their second position near Chancellor's house. After a heavy cannonading of an hour, during which time we inflicted a heavy loss on the enemy, suffering but slightly ourselves, we succeeded in driving them entirely off of the field. They left several guns and caissons on the field. Immediately after this engagement, Colonel Brown arrived and assumed command of the Second Corps [artillery], and you of the battalion.

On Sunday night, about 10 o'clock, after having refilled the chests of the batteries with ammunition, and placed the batteries in position on

