
the Plank road, in consequence of indisposition, you again turned the command of the batteries over to me.

On Monday morning the enemy opened with a large number of guns, I think about eighteen or twenty, immediately in our front. We replied, and soon silenced them. We remained in this position until the enemy retreated, without further firing. Throughout this series of engagements both officers and men have acted with great gallantry. The firing was the best I have ever seen.

The battalion suffered quite heavily, losing 33 men killed and wounded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. PEGRAM,

Major, Walker's Battalion, Second Corps Light Artillery.

Colonel R. L. WALKER,

Commanding Battalion, Second Corps Artillery.

Numbers 368. Reports of Brigadier General R. E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding D. H. Hill's division.
HEADQUARTERS D. H. HILL'S DIVISION,[May] --, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the subjoined report of the part taken in the engagement at Chancellorsville, and the movements that preceded it, by the division of Major General D. H. Hill, then under my command, composed of the brigades of Doles, Colquitt, Iverson, Ramseur, and Rodes:

Early on the morning of Wednesday, April 29, it being announced that the Federal Army had crossed the Rappahannock River, I marched from Grace Church to Hamilton's Crossing, and was placed in position on the extreme right of the army, extending (perpendicular to the railroad) to Massaponax Creek. A portion of Ramseur's brigade being at the time on picket on the river, he was ordered, with the whole of his brigade, to occupy the south side of the creek, guarding the ford near its mouth.

My line was strongly and rapidly fortified by the troops, and held until the morning of May 1 without molestation except from the artillery fire of the enemy.

Much credit is due to Colonel J. Thompson Brown and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Carter, of the artillery, for their energy and judgment in assisting to render this line impregnable to assault. Ramseur's line was partially exposed to an enfilading fire from the heights across the river, but such was the accuracy of the fire of the Whitworth battery, Lieutenant [William B.] Hurt commanding, stationed with General Ramseur, that their batteries were scattered, and their attempts in this direction rendered unavailing.

At dawn on May 1, my troops were again in motion, advancing from Hamilton's Crossing by the Military road to its junction with the Fredericksburg and Orange Court-House Plank road, and thence up the Plank road for about 2 miles. At this point I became aware of a serious engagement on my right, between a portion of the troops of Major-General Anderson, then advancing by the old turnpike, and [George] Sykes'

