
but recaptured several of the prisoners and one of the flags taken from Colonel Hall.

At this juncture, Lieutenant-Colonel [T. H.] Carter, who had behaved with signal courage and judgment during the whole action, succeeded, in conjunction with Major Pegram, in getting several batteries in position in a field to the right, which opened with such precision and rapidity on such of the enemy's batteries and troops as remained on the plain of Chancellorsville as finally to drive them back in utter confusion. Lieutenant-Colonel Hilary [P.] Jones, of the artillery, a most accomplished officer, had, however, before this placed ten guns near the Plank road and on the nearest ridge to the enemy's epaulements, which had fired with marked success on the artillery stationed at the Chancellor house and on the retreating troops.

As soon as our artillery fire would permit, the heights were occupied by the infantry, and, by order of General Stuart, I took charge of arranging all the troops found on the field in line of battle parallel to the Plank road. The earliest troops on the ground were Colonel [J. M.] Brockenbrough's and another Virginia regiment, belonging, I think, to the same brigade. These were subsequently withdrawn, and my troops located as follows: Iverson's brigade on right, extending from the Chancellor house up the Plank road, next Rodes' brigade, then Ramseur's brigade, and finally Doles' brigade - all parallel and close to the road. Doles' was subsequently thrown across the road and at an angle of 45 degrees with it, connecting with General Pender, by whom this line was continued on to the left. Colston's division, now attached to my command, was located on the Turnpike road, to the right and in continuation of my line. Colquitt's brigade was placed en echelon with reference both to Iverson and Colston, and 100 yards in rear, to enable our artillery to operate in the interval. This position was strongly fortified, and was held without molestation until Tuesday morning, when I pushed forward my whole line of skirmishers to feel the enemy. He was discovered to be in very great force, both of infantry and artillery, with formidable intrenchments.

Early on Wednesday morning, my outposts reported that the enemy had retired. I again threw forward my skirmishers, and found that the entire force had retreated during the night. Following them in person with a few troops, it was ascertained that they had successfully crossed the river, availing themselves of the very severe storm and darkness of the previous night. The line of their retreat was marked by every evidence of a careful and well-conducted march, but little public or private property, except such as was necessary for hospital purposes, being left behind.

On the evening of Wednesday, May 6, my column was again in motion, and encamped that night in their old quarters near Grace Church, having been absent eight days, participating in the achievement of a signal victory, capturing fifteen pieces of artillery, 10 flags, 75,000 rounds of small-arm ammunition, and 4 bushels musket-caps from the enemy.

The small-arm ammunition and the caps afterward fell into the hands of Major [William] Allan, corps ordnance officer, and Captain [Lawrence S.] Marye, ordnance officer of Colston's division.

It is worthy of remark that the enemy abandoned such a large number of knapsacks in retreating to his works that when this division began its homeward march in the rain it was thoroughly equipped with oilcloths and shelter-tents of the best quality.

The division sustained a heavy loss in killed and wounded, principally

60 R R - VOL XXV, PT I

