
on the second day. The conduct of its men and officers was such as to win the highest encomiums from General Jackson, and such as had been rarely equaled. Its laurels were dearly bought, however, as will be seen by the tabular statement of killed and wounded, herewith filed, marked A.

I do not think the enemy's loss was as great as ours, as he fought us generally from behind his barricades and earthworks; still, it was heavy.

As an act of justice to them, and for future reference, the names of all the officers who participated in the engagement represented in the appendices to the reports of brigade commanders. The general, field, and staff officers who were present are herewith presented in Appendix B.

It is impossible for me, within reasonable limits, to mention all the officers and men who were distinguished for gallant and meritorious conduct at this battle. It is, however, my duty to call attention to the great gallantry and efficiency in this action of Brigadier-Generals Doles and Ramseur; Colonel Edward Willis, Twelfth Georgia; Colonel [Philip] Cook, Fourth Georgia, severely wounded; Colonel Hall, Fifth Alabama; Colonel Christie, Twenty-third North Carolina; Colonel Pickens, Twelfth Alabama; Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Lea, Fifth North Carolina; Lieutenant-Colonel [E. L.] Hobson, Fifth Alabama, severely wounded; Colonel [Thomas M.] Garrett, of the Fifth North Carolina (who had behaved most gallantly on the first day, and was, unfortunately, wounded by one of our own men after the close of that day's fight); Colonel Parker, Thirtieth North Carolina; Colonel R. T. Bennett, Fourteenth North Carolina; Captain H. A. Whiting, assistant adjutant-general of Rodes' brigade; Captain Greene Peyton, of my staff, and Captain M. L. Randolph, signal corps. The last-named officer was remarkable among all these brave and accomplished officers for his daring, coolness, and efficiency. Colonel O'Neal, commanding Rodes' brigade, deserves especial notice for his gallantry.

It is proper to mention that Colonel W. R. Cox, of the Second North Carolina, was wounded repeatedly before he left the field. All the other officers did their duty nobly, but those I have mentioned came under my own notice, or were so spoken of by competent persons as to make it my duty to mention them in this manner.

My staff officers (Captain Greene Peyton and Captain M. L. Randolph) have been mentioned for their meritorious conduct. Their duties were more than usually arduous during the action and were nobly discharged.

Mr. Ed. O'Neal, volunteer aide (a youth under eighteen), behaved most gallantly, and I am under great obligations to him.

Four of my couriers - C. S. Ellis, Company B, Fourth Georgia; Gilliam James, Company D, Fifth Alabama;

------

and

------

, of Stuart's cavalry, Fitz. Lee's brigade - were of great service to me during the battle, and exhibited great courage and intelligence. Both of the former deserve promotion for their conduct.

Inclosed will be found the reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

Respectfully,

R. E. RODES,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major A. S. PENDLETON,

[Assistant Adjutant-General.]

