
day; Twenty-third North Carolina Regiment, 1 flag and 1 guidon captured. The flag-staff of the regiment being shot in two, was replaced by that of the enemy, and the captured flag subsequently lost by carelessness.

Doles' brigade. - This brigade captured 2 battery flags. The men in whose hands they were placed were wounded, and carried the flags with them to the hospital. They have been written for.

Summary. - Flags lost, 3; flags captured, 11.

All the captured flags, guidons, &amp; c., are ordered to be turned over to the chief quartermaster of this division, to be held subject to future instructions.

I deem it proper, in justice to the regiments whose flags were lost, to inclose the statements of brigade commanders on the subject.*

I am, major, yours, very respectfully,

R. E. RODES,

Major-General.

Major A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 369. Reports of Colonel Edward A. O'Neal, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry commanding Rodes' brigade.

SANTEE, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA.,

May 12, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Rodes' brigade during the eight days' campaign, commencing on April 29 and ending on May 6:

Early in the morning of April 29, I received orders to hold the brigade in readiness to move at a moment's warning, and about 8 o'clock the brigade was formed on the road, the right resting on Round Oak Church; thence, after a short delay, we moved to Hamilton's Crossing. Here I was ordered to put the brigade in line of battle in a skirt of pine woods, about 1 mile to the right of the railroad and just in rear of our works. The brigade rested here during the balance of the day and until 3 o'clock next morning, when I was ordered to move the brigade to the right about a half mile and place it in the intrenchments, the right resting on Massaponax Creek and the left on the Bowling Green road. During the day the enemy's batteries across the river shelled a portion of the line, the Third and Sixth Alabama Regiments, but, being protected by the earthworks and the hill, no damage was done.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of May 1, I moved the brigade to Hamilton's Crossing, left in front, and thence to the Plank road, some 7 or 8 miles, where I was ordered to prepare for immediate action, to support the forces of General Anderson, who were engaging the enemy. Being in rear of General Colquitt's brigade, I was directed to connect with him and move as he moved. At this point the men were ordered to take off and pile their knapsacks, and, facing by the rear rank, I moved the brigade across an open field to a public road, and then down it about 1 mile, where we rested in a wood till late in the evening, when I received orders to march back to the Plank road, and, after reaching

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

