
it, to halt the brigade and send back for the knapsacks. Having obtained the baggage, I moved down the Plank road about 2 miles and bivouacked for the night.

Early on the morning of May 2, the brigade was moved forward on the Plank road about 1 mile, and thence,taking a road the left, passed the furnace and formed in line of battle, after a march of some 10 or 12 miles, beyond the Turnpike road, just above its junction with the Plank road and in rear of the enemy. The brigade was formed perpendicular to the road and on the left of it, with the right regiment (the Third Alabama) resting no the road and connecting with General Doles', which was on the right of the road.

About 5.30 o'clock the order to advance was given, and very soon the corps of sharpshooters, under Major [Eugene] Blackford, of the Fifth Alabama, were engaged with the enemy's pickets. The brigade moved rapidly and steadily forward, and in a few minutes was engaged, delivering a regular and telling fire. We drove the enemy from his first line of breastworks, and, pursuing hi with spirit and rapidity, soon came upon his second line of works, which were carried after only a moment's delay. At this time the enemy's batteries poured upon us-especially the right wing, the Third and Sixth Alabama Regiments- a shower of grape and canister. Still advancing, we continued to drive the enemy before us, and passed to his third line, consisting of log works, which were immediately carried, the enemy giving only one volley before be fled. Darkness coming on, the pursuit was discontinued.

In this short of time work we drove the enemy before us about 2 miles, and from three breastworks-two of earth and one of logs-and two abatis. We captured a considerable number of prisoners. Captain W. T. Reno, commanding the right wing of the Fifth Alabama, after Colonel [E. L.] Hobson had been wounded, brought in 225, and Colonel [James N.] Lightfoot, of the Sixth Alabama, 105. Among the prisoners was Colonel [Warren W.] Packer, Fifth Connecticut, and several other officers. We captured three pieces of artillery and part of a fourth piece, which was claimed by another brigade. We also captured a lot of ammunition and a quantity of small arms.

The Third Alabama captured and have now in possession two stand of Federal artillery colors, and the Sixth Alabama captured one battery flag.

Being with the brigade throughout this brilliant charge, I can personally bear witness to the gallant bearing of the officers and the daring, courage of the men. In this connection, permit me also to state the order, regularity, and precision with which the several regimental commanders moved and handled their commands throughout this charge. The Third Alabama, under the command of Captains [M. F.] bonham, [John W.] Chester, and [Watkins] Phelan, was ordered to move along the road, and perpendicular to it, and was the battalion of direction, and the other regiments (the Sixht, under Lieutenant-Colonel Lightfoot and Major [A. M.] Gordon: the Twelfth, under Colonel [Samuel B.] Pickens and Captain [A.] Proskaner; the Twenty-sixht, under Lieutenant-Colonel [John S.] Garvin and Major [David F.] Bryan, and the Fifth, under Colonel Hall and Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson) moved in line of battle with this regiment; and although passing through a dense and tangled forest for a mile, all the regiments were connected and moved in a regular, unbroken line, the officers exhibiting the greatest coolness and daring, cheering on their men by both voice and example.

