
In this charge, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Hobson was wounded while gallantly rushing in front of his men near the enemy's second line of works. Major Bryan, Twenty-sixth Alabama, was also wounded near the same place, and about the same, time while bravely performing his duties.

Captain Watkins Phelan, who commanded the left wing of the Third Alabama, was also wounded in this charge. He, with Captain Bonham, who commanded the regiment, and Captain Chester, who commanded the right wing of the Third Alabama, acted most gallantly, and led their regiments with great success. And it is but simple justice to say that each regiment did its whole duty.

As soon as the night put an end to the pursuit, I formed the brigade and, having had ammunition issued to the men, reported to the brigadier-general commanding division for orders. He ordered me to move to the earthworks to the left of the road (the second line we had carried) and to relieve General Paxton, which was done, and there we rested for the night.

About 6 o'clock Sunday morning May 3, I received orders to advance, the brigade being in the third or reserve line of battle. We moved forwarder under heavy shelling in an open field and then through a dense woods for about 1 mile, when we came up with our second line of battle and passed through it. I inquired, as we passed, whose brigade, and was informed it was General Paxton's. We continued to move forward until we came to some other troops, when I ordered a halt, and found that the Third Alabama had lapped over and got in front of the Sixth Alabama-the regiment immediately on its left. While rectifying the line, the brigadier-general, commanding rode up and ordered me to the road with him, and, explaining to me the position of the forces on my right and the direction I was to pursue, ordered me to push forward over first line of battle and dislodge the enemy from Chancellor's Hill.

In company with Major [H. A.] Whiting, assistant adjutant-general, I immediately started in a run for the center of the brigade, to execute this order, and, when near the center, was stricken down by the fuse of a shell, which disabled me for the balance of the day. I directed Major Whiting to move the brigade forward, and to inform Colonel Hall, of the Fifth Alabama, that the command devolved on him. Colonel Hall was at the time on the extreme left of the line with his regiment. The brigade moved forward under a most terrific storm of under a most terrific storm of shell, grape, canister, and musketry, and for what took place afterward I respectfully refer you to the report of Colonel Hall, who so bravely led it, and that of Colonel Pickets, who so gallantly resisted the advance on our left, and ask that these reports may be taken and considered a part of this.

In obedience to orders from the corps commander to report what standards were captured and which lost, I have the honor to report that the colors of the Fifth Alabama Regiment were captured by the enemy in the attack upon the intrenchments at Chancellor's house on the morning of the 3rd instant. This regiment, supported by only a position of the Twenty-sixth Alabama and four companies of Iverson's brigade,w as the first to charge and carry the enemy works near the Chancellor house. Having taken possession of the epaulements which commanded the Plank road, this regiment moved forward in the charge considerably in advance of the right, and, being unsupported by the brigade to retire from the works. In doing so, the color-bearer was wounded, and with the colors and over 100 of its men were surrounded

