
and captured. Retiring only to the Plank road, this regiment again charged, and took these works without support, and a second time had to retire before superior numbers. Captured in the midst of the enemy's guns and intrenchments, and some time before any other troops reached that point, the loss of their flag is one of the highest evidences of the gallant and daring service rendered by the Fifth Alabama Regiment in the action of that day.

I cannot close this report without calling special attention to that assiduous attention to every duty, and that calm courage, coolness, and self-possession exhibited, under all circumstances, during these trying days, by Major H. A. Whiting, assistant adjutant-general, and most respectfully recommend him to the commanding general for promotion. He was invaluable to me throughout the two engagements of Saturday and Sunday.

I am also greatly indebted to Adjutants [A. H.] Pickett and [Samuel H] Moore, of the third and Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiments, who acted as aides, for valuable services in fearlessly carrying and delivering orders.

The brigade inspector, Lieutenant [Daniel] Partridge, [jr.,] was energetic and untiring in the performance of his duties, nab rendered efficient aid.

I desire also to mention Mr. Webb Woodruff and Mr. Rittenhouse Moore, who were with me and did good service.

Inclosed you will find the reports of regimental commanders, to which I call special attention; also, lists of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANTEE, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA.,

May 18, 1863.

MAJOR: The flags were properly labeled and marked, and forwarded on the same day with my letter through the regular channels. I presume you will receive them with others from the division.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 370. Report of Colonel J. M. Hall, Fifth Alabama Infantry, commanding Rodes' brigade.

SANTEE, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by Rodes' brigade

---------------

*Embodied in Rodes' report, p. 947.

---------------

