
evacuate the works which I had just captured. This was done with a heavy loss of killed, wounded, and prisoners. Most of the command who escape rallied and returned with other troops, who afterward captured the same works, and these troops were derived from the works by a column flanking them on the left and rear, as I had been derived some time before. After this, I was ordered to rally my command and move to the left of the road, to support troops there engaging the enemy. Afterward the brigade was formed in line of battle at Chancellorsville, where it remained until the enemy recrossed the river, when we returned to our marching and fighting for eight days.

In this report I have only mentioned the Fifth, Twenty-sixth, and part of the Sixth Alabama Regiments, because these were the only troops of the brigade under my immediate command during the battle. For the part taken by the other regiment of the brigade in this evermemorable engagement, you are respectfully referred to the report of Colonel [Samuel B.] Pickens, of the Twelfth Alabama, under whose gallant leadership they so heroically fought.

Justice demands that I should mention Lieutenant-Colonel [John S.] Garvin, commanding the Twenty-sixth, and Captain [W. T.] Renfro, commanding, the Fifth Alabama, who were both severely, if not mortally, wounded while gallantly leading their regiments, and giving the highest evidence of that coolness and skill which should ever characterize the true soldier.

To the cool and undaunted courage of Major H. A. Whiting, assistant adjutant-general, I feel greatly indebted for the success attending my attack on the works on Chancellor's Hill. If skill as an officer and gallantry in action entitle any man to promotion, Major Whiting truly deserves it.

For individual acts of courage and the casualties of the battle you are respectfully referred to the reports of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 371. Report of Captain M. F. Bonham, Third Alabama Infantry.

CAMP NEAR GROVE CHURCH, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

COLONEL: The Third Alabama was formed on the 29th ultimo, at 9 a. m., and moved to brigade headquarters; thence moved to its position in the grove of pines below Hamilton's Crossing, occupying the right of the line, which position it reached at 12 m. Here Colonel [C. A.] Battle was seriously injured by his horse rearing and falling in a ditch so far disabling him that I took command.

At 3.30 a. m. on the 30th, moved 1 mile to the right, in an open field, behind the slight breastworks there prepared. There not being room for the brigade, the seven right companies of the regiment were thrown back under cover of the bluff of [Massaponax] Creek, where many shell from the enemy's batteries across the river passed over and near us, but did no harm.

