
May 1, at 3.30 a. m., roused and moved forward above Fredericksburg in the direction of the United States Ford, reaching a point on the Plank road diagonally opposite the enemy's lines at 1 p. m, where knapsacks were left and regiment prepared for action. Formed in line of battle, and advanced to the right of the road, where Colonel Battle, who had returned, was again injured by leaping a ditch, which wrenched his back so severely, that he was compelled to stone. After passing through a field and reaching another road, we marched by the left flank, inclined to the right, and gained our paction in the second line, immediately behind -battery.

At 6 p. m. again put in motion, regained the Plank road, followed it 3 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

May 2, moved at sunrise up the plank road,and, after a circuitous march of nine hours, in which many men fainted and fell by the roadside, formed, in line of battle on the Plank road,in the enemy's rear. The dispositions for battle having been made, at 6 p. m. we advanced, the right of the Third [Alabama] resting on the road. We advanced with order and regularity through the woods half a mile; encountered the enemy's first line behind a breastwork of fallen timber, which was broken and routed with[out] our movement being a moment checked. The firing of my command was executed in excellent order, the front line firing and loading as they marched on, while the rear came to the front, fired and loaded as the march continued. Leaping over the breastworks we swept onward and over aline of intrenchments, routing the enemy, capturing one cannon and two caissons, and,through that fire of shell, grape, canister, and musketry, moved forward to a second and stronger line of intrenchments, which were speedily occupied, the enemy retiring in disorder after a few rounds. At this point we captured two cannon and one stand of colors. Here, after having driven the enemy 1 1/2 miles without a moment's check, darkens prevented farther pursuit.

The regiment was soon collected and casualties ascertained to be slight. Officers and men, veterans of two yards and new recruits, behaved with the greatest gallantry throughout the charge. The color-bearer, Sergt. Hendrix Hardy, Company G, was particularly distinguished for his daring.

The regiment bivouacked for the night behind the intrenchments, the right of their Third resting, as before, on the Plank road.

May 4, at sunrise, many shell passed over and exploded near us, but resulted in no further casualties. At 7 a. m., being in the third line, we began the advance through the thick undergrowth to the left of the road, our right resting still on the road. At a distance of 600 yards, we came up with the second line (Trimble's division), which, under the deadly fire of solid shot, shell, grape, and canister, refused to advance. We marched boldly over them, and halted momentarily 100 yards in advance, to enable the left of the brigade to come up. Here the first line came running back in disorder, with fearful reports of the carnage farther to the front. Having now passed from the third and reserve line to the front, we pushed rapidly forward, broke the enemy's line behind a breastwork of fallen timber, over which we passed. Being now exposed to a most furious storm of solid shot, shell, and grape., directed up and bordering on the road, we pressed steadily forward toward the enemy's batteries. The crashing of trees and storm of shot were fearful, but did not check our advance. Nearing the batteries, a part of the First Battalion crossed the road and advanced directly in front of the batteries, while the main body gained a slight cover in the woods to the left,

