
from which a continuous fire was kept on their infantry and artillery. This position was stubbornly maintained until a second line, coming up to our support, pierced our brigade near the center and then, retired, having rendered no material assistance, but deranging our line by the movement, and completely, exposing its left by their withdrawal. Having now penetrated deep into the enemy's lines; having a heavy force immediately in front, and flanked on the left,while the battle still raged to our rear on the right, to avoid capture I slowly withdrew to the line of breastworks carried early in the day. The men were exhausted from our rapid charge, were suffering from hunger, and had been somewhat separated by the rapid movements of the morning, but were soon collected,a nd reseed forward to the battle, in which they remained until the enemy had been driven in confusion from their stronghold.

In the engagements of the 2nd and 3rd instant, there were individual instances of bravery and heroic endurance after wounds had been received, but the brief space of a report levees me no room to mention so many. The conduct of many officers in cheering on their commands was most praiseworthy, and contributed much to our success. Under these circumstances even new recruits as fought baldly as tried veterans.

The evening of the 3rd, the 3th and 5th, and morning of the 6th we remained behind the trenches fronting the Plank road, ont he plateau occupied by the enemy's batteries during the engagement of the 3rd.

At 2 p. m., 6th instant, we formed,a nd began the rapid march to our old camp, which we reached at 10.30 p. m. having plunged in mud and miry ruts and waded swollen streams, thus accomplishing the most arduously march of the war. About half my command arrived at night; the others came in early in the morning of the 7th instant.

M. F. BONHAM,

Captain, Commanding Third Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Colonel E. A. O'NEAL,

Commanding Brigade.

Report of Colonel J. M. Hall, Fifth Alabama Infantry.

SANTEE, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent battles of Chancellorsvile, of the 2nd and 3rd instant:

Early on the morning of the 29th ultimo, I received orders to march the regiment to the road near Grace Church, where it was halted until the brigade was formed. We then moved to Hamilton's Crossing, and were stationed in a pine thicket to the right of that place, remaining in line of battle until next morning, when we were ordered to occupy some rifle-pits still farther to the right. Soon afterward we took a position a short distance in rear of the rifle-pits, where we bivouacked until 2 a. m. of the 1st instant. We then marched to the Plank road leading from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, halted for a short while, and moved in line of battle toward our forces, then engaged in a skirmish with the enemy. Remaining in ice several hours, we were again moved to the Plank road, marched 2 miles up it, and halted for the night.

