
At sunrise, May 2, we resumed our march; were formed in line of battle in rear of Chancellorsville about 2,30 p. m., and about 5,30 p. m. we were ordered to advance and drive the enemy before us.

Pressing on, we soon immediately carried. Discovering the enemy in some intrenchments on my right where he was making a suborn resistance,the regiment was wheeled to the right his a right flank turned, and his rear gained, when he fled precipitately, under a most destructive fire.

Lieutenant-Colonel [E. L.] Hobson, whose daring courage led him always to the front, was severely, wounded while rushing on these works. Having no other field officer with me at the time (Major [Engene] Blackford being in command of the sharpshooters), the senior captain (W. T. Renfro) was placed in command of the right wing and the pursuit continued. About half a mile farther we carried some very strong log works. Here many prisoners were captured, 225 being taken in one body by part of the regiment led by Captain Renfro, among them Colonel [Warren W.] Packer, Fifth Connecticut Regiment, and a lieutenant-colonel. Darkness preventing farther pursuit, the regiment was marched to the rear, and reformed with the rest of the brigade, resting for the night at the works captured near the white house.

In this flight all acted well, both officers and men vying with each other in doing their whole duty. I would, however, respectfully mention the gallant conduct of Captain T. M. Riley, Company C; Adjutant [C. J.] Peques, and Sergeant-Major [Alfred G.] Ward; also, Sergt. Adam Swicegood and Corporal [A. M.] Ballard, Company E, and Private James Arrington, Company D. All of these men act with the most undaunted courage, coolness, and skill.

The following is the report of Captain T. M. Rilley, who was in command from the time that the gallant and chivalrous Renfro fell, mortally wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Alabama Regiment.

Captain H. A. WHITING, Asst. Adjt. General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 373. Report of Captain T. M. Riley, Fifth Alabama Infantry.

MAY 8, 1863.

SIR: [The following is the] report for Sunday, May 3:

About 6 a. m. of the 3rd instant, this regiment, commanded by Colonel Hall, was formed with the rest of the brigade in the third or rear line, and, moving forward about a mile asunder a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, we passed the second line, then lying behind the log works in the woods. About this time the fearless Colonel [E. A.] O'Neal, who commanded the brigade, was wounded, which placed Colonel Hall, in command of the brigade and Captain Renfro in command of this regiment. We now overtook and passed the next or first line of battle, which threw the brigade in front. Moving forward a short distance, the enemy was discovered directly in our front, and we immediately opened fire upon him, being somewhat protected by an elevation in the earth, the right wing firing at the cannoneers and horses then occupying the

