
earthworks to the right of the Plank road, the left at a line of the enemy on the left of the road and immediately in its front, not more than 75 paces distant.

This firing was kept up for about thirty minutes, when the enemy slackened his fire. The line in front of our left began to fall back, and the artillery in front of our right limbered up for a retreat. We were now ordered forward to occupy the works, when Captain Renfro, while bravely leading the advance and calling on the men to follow, fell, mortally wounded. Being the senior officer, I now assumed command of the regiment, and, moving forward witch this, the Twenty-sixth Alabama, and a part of some other regiment, was soon in possession of the works, with several pieces of artillery, and firing on the retreating enemy. We had occupied them but a short time when it was discovered that the brigade on our left (said to be Iverson's) had fallen back, and that the enemy, pressing upon our left flank, had nearly surrounded us. We fired a few rounds, but, seeing that they were too numerous for our small force, we retired, discovering about this time that the enemy on our right, now in our rear, was being driven back.

At this time a battery (said to be Captain [William P.] Carter's) opened upon the enemy on our left, and I ordered the men to fire into them on the right, in order to create as much confusion in their ranks as possible, which was promptly obeyed by ail who heard the command. By this means we made our escape, passing directly through the enemy's lines. Going to the rear, we formed with the troops advancing to the attack, but were a second time driven back, as before, from our left, not being sufficiently supported.

The regiment, which had lost many captured in these conflicts, besides those killed and wounded, was formed on the left of the road with the remainder of the brigade, to support the troops in front, but as the enemy soon after retreated, our services were not again that day. Late in the day we were marched to Chancellorsville, and formed in line near that place,where we remained until the enemy had recrossed the river, when we were marched back to our old camp near Grace Church, which place we reached on the night of the 6th instant.

In this engagement officers and men acted so gallantly that it might be unjust to particularize the conduct of any individual.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. RILEY,

Captain Company C, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 374. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James N. Lightfoot, Sixth Alabama Infantry.

MAY 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following as the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville, commencing at 5 p. m., May 2, and ending 10 a. m., May 3:

We were formed in line of battle, my regiment occupying the right center, the Third Alabama on my right, and the Twelfth on my left.

Moved forward, and soon became engaged with the enemy, when we ad

