
Numbers 4. Report of Captain Frank Smith, Third Independent Company Ohio Cavalry, of skirmish at Beverly.

WESTON, W. VA., May 22, 1863.

In accordance to general orders received from headquarters, I beg leave to make the following report of losses and skirmishers since the late rebel raid into Western Virginia:

April 24. - The company was ordered out at Beverly, Va., by order of Colonel G. R. Latham, commanding post. After proceeding about 3 miles on the Huttonsville road, we observed the enemy across the river; halted, sending out pickets on the Huttonsville road. I was but a short time until the enemy advanced, driving in our pickets. they still advanced, when a skirmish ensued. Finding their force too strong, the company retreated toward Beverly, with the loss of 3 men, who were missing, one of whom has since returned to the company, the enemy still keeping in pursuit, driving us into Beverly. The company formed the rear guard in the retreat from Beverly and was charged into three different times without any loss.

Our loss was 2 men captured with horses and horse equipments and arms, 9 bell and 2 wall tents (which were burned) 5 sabers, 3 carbines, 4,000 pounds of forage, and a small amount of commissary stores.

FRANK SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Third Independent Co. Ohio Vol. Cav.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Timothy F. Roane, Third West Virginia Cavalry, of operations April 25-May 14, including skirmishers near the mouth of Simpson's Creek and at Janelew.

CAMP WESTON, W. VA. May 22, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders, I have the honor to transmit to you a detailed statement of all losses, casualties, losses of property, and captures by our company during the recent raid in Western Virginia.

On April 25, we received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, commanding post at Sutton, Va., to take up our line of march, with the Third Regiment [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, for Buckhannon, and to destroy all Government property belonging to the company for which we had not suitable transportation.

Four horses gave out and were left on the road between Bulltown and Clarksburg, at which last-named place we arrived on April 28.

On April 30, we were ordered by Brigadier-General Roberts to reconnoiter and engaged the enemy, then known to be in the neighborhood of Shinnston, Va., 11 miles distant from Clarksburg. On this day we could muster only 65 men. Twenty citizens volunteered to go with us, making in all 85 men. With this number we started on the road to Shinnston. After marching on this road about 7 miles, the advance guard, which was but a short distance ahead of the main column, observed the enemy in considerable force about 300 yards ahead, making toward the ford at the mouth of Simpson's Creek and Lambert's Run, which ford was close to the turnpike. The charge was immediately

