
vanced at a double-quick, with a cheer. The greater portion of my regiment captured four pieces of artillery on the right of the road, assisted by parts of the Third and Twelfth Alabama Regiments. Captain T. R. Lighfoot, Company B, was the first to plant the colors of the regiment on the artillery captured. We drove the enemy about 2 miles that evening, and 1 returned with 105 prisoners, including 3 commissioned officers, beside many others sent to the rear as we moved forward, all of whom were turned over to Lieutenant [Daniel] Partridge, [jr.,] brigade inspector.

We rested on the field of battle that night without any rations except what we captured from the enemy (having been two days without), and advanced early on the morning of the 4th. Crossed two lines of battle, and engaged the enemy, whom we drove back some distance. The brigade advanced so much faster than the troops on the right of the road, and having no support on the left, we were exposed to a flank fire from both flanks, and were compelled to fall back to their wooden breastworks constructed by the enemy. I refer you to the report of Colonel [Samuel B.] Pickens, Twelfth Alabama Regiment, for particulars after we fell back.

My officers and men all acted so very gallantly that I cannot specify any particular individuals. In a word, my officers and men all acted exceedingly gallant.

I took into action about 450 men. Out of that number I had 22 killed, 129 wounded, and 21 missing;* 6 officers wounded, and the gallant Major A. M. Gordon was killed at the head of his regiment. His vacancy cannot be filled in the regiment.

I had 5 color-bearers shot down, 2 of whom were killed, besides I color-corporal killed and 1 wounded.

This report is so hurriedly made, there are a great many incidents worthy of note that will necessarily be omitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. LIGHTFOOT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Alabama Regiment.

Captain H. A. WHITING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 375. Reports of Colonel Samuel B. Pickens, Twelfth Alabama Infantry.

BATTLE-FIELD,

May 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I make the following report:

About 5.30 p. m., May 2, the Twelfth Alabama Regiment was formed into line of battle, and ordered forward with the remainder of the brigade. We had advanced about 500 yards whom we received a heavy volley from the enemy. The command "Charge" was immediately give; the regiment rushed, in driving the enemy before them rapidly. The haste in which the pursuit was kept up seemed to strike terror into the enemy, as they fled, doing comparatively little injury. We had driven them about 1 1/2 miles, when the brigade commander ordered me to halt my regiment, to let the second line of battle go in advance, as all of us were much exhausted. I succeeded in halting about 30 of my men,

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

