
the pursuit was commenced and kept up seemed to strike terror into the enemy, as they fled rapidly, doing us little injury. The enemy had been driven about 1 1/2 miles, when the brigade commander (Colonel [E. A.] O'Neal) ordered a halt, to let the second line of battle go in advance. I succeeded in halting about 30 of my men; the others, not hearing the command, pressed on. Finding that most of my men had kept on, I left the few I had halted in charge of an officers, and endeavored to overtake the others, but they had gone half a mile before I came up with them. They had assisted in taking two formidable breastworks and in capturing three pieces of artillery. The colors of the Twelfth Alabama were among the firs planted on the where the artillery was taken. When I came iud with my regiment, I also found portions of the other regiments in the brigade. Being the senior officer present, I formed them in line, and marched them back to where the brigade commander had first ordered the brigade to halt. My regiment was again soon formed and put into camp for the night.

I carried into the fight on May 2 about 304 non-commissioned officers and privates, and 26 commissioned officers; total, 330.

Killed and wounded in fight of May 2:

Officers and	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

men.

Commissioned	 1	 3	 4	 8

officers.......

Non-commissioned	 5	 29	 34	 68

officers and

privates

Total	 6	 32	 38	 76

About 6.30 a. m. on May 3, the Twelfth Alabama Regiment was formed in line of battle and ordered forward (regiment formed a part of third line of battle). We advanced through the woods about a mile, under a heavy fire of shell and shot, when we came up with the second line of battle. This we passed, but in so doing some confusion occurred. The regiment passed over the wooden breastworks in the woods (on the extreme left) from which the enemy had been driven in the early part of the morning, and then we advanced near the first line of battle, which was then engaging the enemy. Just at this time our left was flanked, and the regiment was compelled to fall back to the breastworks. Here I ageing formed the regiment, and prepared to hold the works.

At this time, General Iverson coming up, I reported to him (Colonel O'Neal having been wounded) that the enemy were advancing on the works and endeavoring to flank them and turn our left. He ordered me to take position perpendicular to the breastworks, the right of our brigade (I was then commanding it) resting on the works. We had not been in this position long before General Iverson's brigade advanced from the works, leaving my regiment and others exposed. I moved by the right flank a short distance, throwing my regiment across the breastworks and in advance of them. I soon saw the enemy advancing in heavy force. I ordered the men to lie down and wait until the enemy came within musket-range; this they did. Soon the firing commenced, and the fight became general. The firing was terrific. I held the position for over an hour against great odds, the enemy having been re-enforced three times. Almost every round of ammunition was expended, when General Colquitt came to our relief. I then moved to the rear for ammunition. As soon as we were supplied, I moved my regiment (to-gether with the portion of the brigade the under my command) down

