
the Plank road, was placed in the trenches near large brick house, where my regiment remained until we were marched back to camp, on May 6.

I must say that our success in holding the enemy in check on our extreme left, and preventing them from flanking us, is in a great measure due to the skill General Iverson showed in placing in position the different portions of regiments and brigades that had become separated from their proper commands.

During the battles of the 2nd and 3rd, I was struck with the coolness and gallantry displayed by Colonel O'Neal, commanding brigade, and Captain H. A. Whiting, assistant adjutant-general. They were up with the line of battle in the thickest of the fight, and their action inspired confidence of in officers and men.

Killed and wounded in fight of May 3:

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Total.

Commissioned officer	 1	 7	 9

Non-commissioned	 7	 47	 54

officers and privates

Total*	 8	 55	 63

Killed, wounded, and missing for both days (2nd an 3rd):

Officers and men.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Total.

Commissioned	 2	 11	 1	 14

officers..........

Non-commissioned	 12	 76	 10 	 98

and privates......

Total*...........	 14	 87	 11	 112

S. B. PICKENS,

Colonel Twelfth Alabama Volunteers.

Captain H. A. WHITING, Asst. Adjt. General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 376. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Garvin, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry.

DR. CHANDLER'S HOUSE, May 9, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully, submit [report of] the operations of my command (the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment) in the recent battles at and around Chancellorsville, beginning on Saturday, May 2.

The regiment advanced in good order, together with the other regiments of the brigade, and aided in driving the enemy from his position in a charge of over 2 miles. Not having the order to halt, we continued the pursuit of the fleeing enemy until dark. The portion of the brigade with which i was acting assisted in the capture of three parts of batteries. A part of a fourth battery was contested by another brigade.

On Sunday morning, we moved forward at sunrise as the rear line of battle, to attack the position of the enemy around Chancellorsville. We

---------------

*But see Guild's report, p. 807.

---------------

