
advanced under a heavy shelling, and lost many officers and men. Before arriving at the breastworks in our front, we were separated from the brigade-except the Fifth Alabama Regiment-by troops passing to our rear, and up to the time I was wounded acted in conjunction with the Fifth Alabama, under Colonel [J. M.] We moved steadily forward to within a short distance of the Plank road, where we were met by a heavy fire of musketry and of artillery from the batteries on the right of the road, under which the regiment faltered for a moment. Soon rallying they advanced and drove the enemy's infantry from the road, my right wing resting in the road, which was subjected to an enfilanding fire which nearly decimated it. The right wing was ordered to retire a few yards under cover of the hill to the rear. I moved with my colors to the left, wing, to aid Colonel Hall in the charge on the batteries on the hill to the right of the road. At this point I was wounded, and retired from the field.

I learn from a reliable officer (First Lieutenant [E. S.] Stuckey) that the charge was made, and the colors planted on the hill to the right of the road when the regiment was flanked on the left, and was compelled to abandon the position.

I left Miles J. Taylor, first lieutenant Company H, in command of the regiment, and would respectfully refer you to his report for the further operations of the command.

I cannot close the report without noticing the bravery and gallantry of Major D. F. Bryan, who aided me in the management of the command until he was wounded on Saturday, evening; also the bravery of First Lieutenant John Fowler and Second Lieutenant Willis Keenum, who were released from arrest to take part in the engagement, and I would respectfully request that their noble conduct on the battle-field be taken in mitigation of their punishment, if convicted under the charges preferred against them.

Where all did their duty so well, I refrain from taking any further notice of the conduct of officers and men until I rejoin the regiment.

It is with great pleasure that I bear testimony to the gallantry and good conduct of Mr. G. M. Reek, a guess to the regiment, who, with his rifle, entered the ranks as a private, and did good service in the engagement of Saturday evening. His kindness and attention to Lieutenant-Colonel [E. L.] Hobson and myself at Wilderness Hotel and Guiney's Station show that he has a heart as tender and sympathizing as his valor in the field proved him to be heroic.

I am, major very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. GARVIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Alabama Volunteers.

Major H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 377. Report of Lieutenant Miles J. Taylor, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry.

SANTEE, CAROLINE COUNTY, VA., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the action of the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment on Sunday, May 3, in the engagement of Chancellorsville:

Lieutenant-Colonel [John S.] Garvin was wounded near the Plank

