
road about 9 a. m. Our right was then resting near the road, our left resting behind the skirt of a small eminence. The order was given to advance. All willingly obeyed the mandate, and moved forward until we came to the redoubts near Chancellors' house. Took possession of the same in connection with a portion of the Fifth Alabama Regiment. The colors of both regiments were planted on the works. At that moment, I saw that we were flanked on our left, and were near being surrounded and cut off. Therefore, seeing that it was impossible to hold our position, I ordered my command to fall back, which they did. Our colors were captured at the works; but in falling back we met the Stonewall Brigade, and, returning with it, drove the enemy back, and retook our colors. After which we fell back where we lay the night previous, and formed.

The officers and men all acted nobly. In the midst where all are brave it, is hard to say who acted the most noble part. Some among the bravest fell at the redoubts.

It is likely the redoubts were afterward taken by some other command, but it is but simple justice to my command and the Fifth Alabama Regiment to say that they were the first to storm and capture those formidable redoubts.

Hoping that this may insure justice to the regiment while under my command, I am, captain, very respectfully,

M. J. TAYLOR,

Fist Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Major H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 378. Report of Brigadier General George Doles, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. DOLES' Brigadier RODES' DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of April 29, this brigade was ordered to march in the direction of Hamilton's Crossing. The command was in motion by 8 a. m. Arrived at the Crossing 10 a. m.; remained in position on the crest the hill at the Hamilton house until 2 a. m., 30th; then moved in position, left of brigade resting on railroad, connecting with of General Iverson's brigade, and connecting the right with left of General Colquitt's brigade; remained in this position during the day and night.

At 2 o'clock ont he morning of May 1, marched toward Orange Court- House Plank road. About 1 p. m. formed line of battle on Plank road, about 2 miles from Todd's Tavern; threw out skirmishers, driving back those of the enemy, and took 6 prisoners. About 6 p. m. same day moved up dirt road 1 mile beyond Todd's Tavern; bivouac for the night.

About 6 a. m., May 2, moved up dirt road about half a mile; filed off to the on the Furnace road, arriving at Germanna road about 3.30 p. m.; formed line of battle, left of brigade resting on said road. Brigade forme dash follows; Fourth, Forty-fourth, Twenty-first, and Twelfth Georgia, the Fourth Georgia resting on road, skirmishers thrown forward about 400 yards in advance. At 5 p. m. the order was given to

