
advance against the enemy. The brigade moved as rapidly as possible through a very thick wood, and skirmishers were immediately engaged by those of the enemy. Our forces, marching rapidly forward, assisted in driving in the enemy's sharpshooters, when we were subjected to a very heavy musketry fire, with grape, canister, and shell. The command was ordered to attack the enemy in his intrenched position, drive him from it, and take his batteries. The order was promptly obeyed. The Fourth and Forty-fourth Georgia assaulted his position in front; the Twenty-first Georgia was ordered to move toward the left and flank him so as to enfilade his intrenchments; the Twelfth Georgia was ordered forward and to the right, to attack a force of the enemy on the right. After a resistance of about ten minutes, we drove him from his positions on the left, and carried his battery of two guns, caissons, and horses. The movement of the Twelfth Georgia on the right was successful. The order to forward was given, when the command moved forward at the doubt -quick to assault the enemy, who had taken up a strong position on the crest of a hill in the open field. He was soon driven from this position, the command pursuing him. He made a stubborn resistance from behind a wattling fence, on a hill covered thickly with pine. The whole command moved gallantly against this position, Fourth and Forty-fourth Georgia in front, Twenty-first and Twelfth [Georgia] on has left flank and rear. Here we captured one gun (rifled piece). We pursued his retreating forces about 300 yards over an open field, receiving a very severe fire from musketry and a battery of four pieces on the crest of the hill that commanded the field below. His infantry was in large force, and well protected by rifle-pits and intrenchments. The command was ordered to take the intrenchments and the battery, which was done after a resistance of about twenty minutes. The enemy fled in utter leaving his battery of four pieces, his wounded, and many prisoners. The Twelfth Georgia and the larger portion of the other regiments were formed in good order, and pursued him through the pine forest, moving some 500 yards to the front, and holding that position until after dark. While this advanced position, the enemy abandoned one gun. Fresh troops having been placed in that position, after dark I ordered the command to retire to the edge of the wood, for the purpose of replenishing ammunition, the enemy being entirely out, and it being impossible to get ammunition to them. After replacing with ammunition, we were ordered of bivouac on the field for the night.

During this engagement, which lasted form about 5.30 to 9 . m., the command captured eight pieces of artillery and many prisoners. The pieces of artillery were ordered to be carried to the rear and turned over to the first artillery of ordnance officer found.

In this engagement we lost many gallant me killed and wounded. Among the killed was Captain R. M. Bisel, Company K, Fourth Georgia; Captain G. G. Green (Company F), Captain H. M. Credile, and Lieutenant A. M. Burnside, acting adjutant of the Forty-fourth Georgia, and Captain U. Allen, Twenty-first Georgia, who fell while gallantly and nobly leading thier commands; Colonel Phil. Cook, Fourth Georgia, severely, and Captain A. C. Watkins, Company A, Twenty-first Georgia, mortally, wounded while leading their commands in a charge against the enemy.

Sunday morning, May 3, at 6 o'clock, the command was ordered forward as follows: Forty-fourth, Twenty-first, Twelfth, Fourth [Georgia], the left of the Forty-fourth connecting with the right of General Ramseur's brigade. The march to the front was through a very dense pine wood and swamp. During the march the left of the brigade lost its con

