
nection with the right of General Ramseur, and moved off by the right flank, passing in rear of the regiments to its right, while four companies of the Twenty-first Georgia and the Twelfth Georgia, with portions of the Forty-fourth and Fourth [Georgia], moved to the front. The right portion of the brigade was ordered by General [J. E. B.] Stuart to support a battery to its right, while the left moved forward, assaulting the enemy and assisting in driving him from his position from behind a strong works of logs. He was dislodged, after a very stubborn resistance, by a charge. This portion of the command kept up the pursuit, driving him through the woods back on his, batteries on the eights near Chancellorsvile. While moving to assault him in his position on the hill, i discovered the enemy in large force to my right. Colonel [edward] Willis, commanding Twelfth Georgia, was ordered to wheel his regiment to the right and engage him, the other companies coming up promptly to Colonel Willis' support. The enemy, after the first fire, fled; a large number threw down their arms and surrendered; they were ordered to the rear. Being protected by a crest of a hill to the left of the enemy's batteries, we moved by the flank, getting in his rear, when he abandoned seven pieces of artillery on the hill and fled. We were attacked in our rear by his infantry force from the wood; we faced to the rear, charged the wood, and after, a gew minutes' resistance, he withdrew. After he withdrew, his batteries a the Chancellor house opened a very destructive fire on us with grape, canister, and shrapnel. We were within about 400 yards of his batteries. We did not have force enough to carry his position, and seeing no support on the field, and the enemy moving a large infantry force to our right, we withdrew to the woods where we first engaged him. That portion of the brigade ordered to support our battery was under command of Colonel J. t. Mercer, Twenty-first Georgia. They were afterward ordered forward, and to conform to the movements of General Archer's brigade. After advancing to the woods from which we were forced to retire, they were also forced to retire. The brigade was reformed, and, by order from General [R. E.] Lee, ordered to the spring to our right, to act as provost-guard over a large number of prisoners collected there. We remained there two or three hours; sent prisoners to the rear, under Lieutenant R. V. Jones, brigade inspector. We then joined the division on the Germanna road at Chancellorsville; remained in position in the road that night.

On Monday, the 4th, we were ordered to move to the opposite side of the road, to connect our left with the right of General Pender.

On tuesday, the 5th, the skirmishers were ordered to press forward and feel the enemy-ascertain his position and strength. They found him in strong numbers and well intrenched.

On Wednesday, the 6th, at daylight, skirmishers were again ordered to feel the enemy. They moved to the front, and found he had evacuated his position and withdrawn his forces across the river. About 2 p. m. we were ordered to march back to our old encampment.

In closing this report, I cannot speak in terms too high of Colonel Cook and Lieutenant-Colonel [David R. E.] Winn., of the Fourth Georgia; Colonel [Edward] Willis and Major [Isaac] Hardeman, of the Twelfth Georgia; Lieutenant-Colonel [Samuel P.] Lumpkin, Forty-fourth Georgia; colonel [John T.] Mercer and Major [T. c.] Glover, Twenty-first Georgia. To thier promptness and gallantry, and the able manner in which they were sustained by the officers and men of their commands, all of whom did their whole duty, I acknowledge my indebtedness.

Attention is respectfully called to their reports, which you will find inclosed.

