
ordered, and a volley poured in at short range, which threw the enemy into confusion, driving about 100 of them across the river and cutting off their rear guard, composed of about 40 men, from their main body. We divided our company without halting, leaving one-half of them to hold the ford, and charged their rear guard with the remainder nearly 3 miles.

I this charge we had 1 man killed and 2 wounded and lost 2 horses killed and 3 wounded. Three dead rebels were left in the road and several wounded by the roadside; captured 9 prisoners and 8 horses. The main loss inflicted upon the enemy was at the ford. Our men had dismounted and were well posted. The enemy made several ineffectual attempts to recross, but in each attempt were repulsed with the loss of several of their men. We here had no means of ascertaining the number of their killed. This fight lasted about one hour. We returned to Clarksburg the same day, bringing in our wounded men and the prisoners and horses captured.

On May 5, an expedition was sent out to Janelew, consisting of a portion of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, one company of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, Captain Hagan's; two companies of the Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; a portion of Captain Bowen's Company (E), Third Regiment [West] Virginia Volunteer Cavalry. This expedition brought in 4 prisoners, 1 two-horse wagon, 4 mules, 4 barrels of flour and killed and a number of the enemy near Janelew.

On May 14, we captured on the Bulltown road 1 prisoner and 24 Harper's Ferry muskets.

In addition to the above, our company has brought in a large number of secesh citizens, together with horses, cattle, &amp;c., taken from rebel sympathizers.

I am, with respect, colonel, your obedient and humble servant,

T. F. ROANE,

Lieutenant Company E, Third West Virginia Vol. Cav.

Colonel A. MOOR,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Middle Department.

Numbers 6. Reports of Brigadier General J. D. Imboden, C. S. Army.

DUBLIN, VA., April 29, 1863

I have just now received the following from General Imboden, dated 25 miles north of Beverly, on 24th:

GENERAL: Had a three hour's fight [with] the enemy on the heights in rear of Beverly to-day. Drove him from the town; cut off his retreat on Buckhannon; hurried him till dark toward Philippi. Renew the pursuit in the morning. Casualties small on both sides. Enemy set fire to the town in his retreat, and burned a large part of it. Enemy's loss of stores considerable. Our captures of wagons and mules valuable. His force in the fight two regiments infantry, two companies of cavalry, and a battery. Took a number of prisoners.

Yours, respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

7 R R-VOL XXV, PT I

