
with the Culpeper Plank road. We moved up this latter road until we regained the dirt road from which we had turned off to take the Plank roads. Proceeding up the dirt road about half a mile, we formed in line of battle on right of said road, our regiment being on the left of brigade, with its left resting on the road.

At 4.45 p. m., picket firing having begun in our front we prepared to move forward. We advanced through woods for half a mile, then entering a field in which the enemy's artillery was posted rushed rapidly forward, compelling them to abandon their horses, guns, and caissons, two in number. Without delay we moved forward 1 1/2 miles, passing three intrenched positions, from which the enemy were derived with the loss of several pieces of artillery, &amp;c. Here again we came to dense woods, and, receiving an ordered from Lieutenant [A. E.] Hawkins, aide-de-camp to General Doles, I ordered the battalion forward, and with the colors and left wing of it advanced through this thicket to a field, compelling the abandonment of one gun and two caissons, &c., en route. The right wing of the regiment, taking direction from other regiments of the brigade, was halted on reaching the woods last mentioned. When I reached the field (which was the field in which the attack on the enemy was begun May 3), I found two regiments of the enemy, with artillery, posted about 300 yards obliquely to the of the entrance of the road into the field. Here I ascertained that, as senior officer present, I had with me about 200 men of various commands. I formed line behind a slight rail barricade, formed by throwing down the fence. Just as the line was formed, the officer commanding the Federal troops, which were standing in line, exhibiting no purpose to attack, rode toward me. Though I ordered the men not to fire, when he got within 100 yards of me two of the men excitedly fired at him, whereupon he rode rapidly back to his command, and immediately a terrible artillery and infantry fire was opened upon us. The men under my command gallantly returned the fire until their small supply of ammunition was exhausted. Shortly after the cessation of our firing, the enemy ceased fire, and my little force retired by right and left flank to rejoin thier respective commands.

After passing the first abandoned artillery, and while advancing on the second hill, from which the enemy had opened fire from four pieces of artillery, our gallant colonel (Philip Cook) was shot, his left being broken.

After rejoining our brigade, we bivouacked on the field until 7 a. m., May	3, when the regiment, taking position on the right of the brigade formed into line, and advanced to attack the strong position of the enemy captured during that day. In passing through very dense woods, the right of the brigade was separated from the left, which was carried into action before us by General Doles. The Fourth Georgia, Forty-fourth Georgia, and several companies of Twenty-first, Georgia went in on the left of Archer's brigade, under command of Colonel [John T.] Mercer, of Twenty-first Georgia. We advanced through the open field to attack the enemy's battery and troops posted near the brick house. Here we were compelled to withdraw heavy loss, after having reached the intrenchments. We withdrew to the field from which we had advanced in the morning.

On Sunday evening we moved down on the Plank road and occupied various positions on and near it, without unusual or important incident, until May 6, when we were ordered to return to our camp.

In response to the order to mention cases of special merit, I can only say that every officer and man of my command has done his duty, and I cannot mention special cases and be just. However, I beg to call attention

