
tention to the distinguished devotion to duty exhibited by our color guard, and attested by the death of 3 and wounding of 2 of its members.

Below I have appended a list casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. E. WINN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Georgia Volunteers.

Captain F. T. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of Colonel John. T. Mercer, Twenty-first Georgia Infantry.

NEAR CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following report of the part taken by the Twenty-first Georgia Regiment in the battle of Chancellorsville is respectfully submitted:

At about noon on May 2, we crossed the Plank roads leading from Orange Court-House and Culpeper Court-House to Fredericksburg, a short distance to the westward of their intersection, and at 2 p. m. formed line of battle, facing to the eastward, on the north side of the Plank road, where we rested. The brigade was formed in the following order, viz: Twelfth Georgia, Twenty-first Georgia, Forty-fourth Georgia, and Fourth Georgia.

At 5 p. m. the brigade advanced in line of battle, with the Fourth the battalion of direction. Having marched in this order for half a mile through oak timber, we came upon an open field,when we were fired upon from a battery and with musketry posted on an eminence on our left and front. Owing to the position of the enemy, it became necessary for the brigade to change direction to the left, which was done at a run. The Twenty-first Georgia flanked the position on their left, while the Fourth and Forty-fourth Georgia advanced upon their front, and the enemy fled. Still advancing a the run, the colors of the Twenty-first Georgia, in advance of the line, were planted upon captured piece of field artillery. Halting for a moment in a covered position to reform the line, we continued to advance at double-quick through a strip of pine bushes, over a cleared field, and up to an intrenched position. Finding ourselves nearly on the left flank of the enemy's position, by a slight change of direction we secured and enfilading fire and drove them from their works, while the Fourth and Forty fourth [Georgia] were coming up on their front. After this position had been taken, the brigade was ordered to halt and form line in the edge of the field. This command not having been heard, the colors and a portion of the Twenty-first Georgia entered the thick pine woods in front and advanced to within 300 yards of a battery, which opened fire, and caused them to halt and protect themselves by lying down until a favorable opportunity was presented for retiring. The regiment lay on the field on the south side and near the Plank road.

Soon after order, the morning of the 3rd, the brigade was formed in the following order, viz, Twelfth, Fourth, Twenty-first, and Forty-fourth Georgia, and advanced through a strip of very thick pine bushes,

---------------

*Not found; but see Doles' report, p. 969.

---------------

