
in doing which it became entangled, with another brigade, and, on emerging from the woods and forming line, it was found that the Twelfth and a part of the Twenty-first [Georgia] had become separated from the brigade. The brigade was then ordered to join and conform to the movements of General Archier's brigade, then supporting a battery in our front. Here were remained for nearly an hour, and then advanced in line through our battery and over some field-works from which the enemy had just been driven. After passing these works, we halted for a few minutes, and then advanced over an open field, exposed t a severe enfilading fire from the left, and a murderous fire of shot, shell, grape, and canister from the front. Finding it impossible to hold our position in the open field we obliqued to the right into the woods,and fell back slowly into a ravine near one of our batteries which had just been advanced. Here we remained until we received orders to repair to the point at which we had joined Archer's brigade, and act as provost-guard.

Many acts of individual gallantry were observed even where every officer and man of the regiment did his whole duty. The behavior by Color-bearer Francis P. Parker was conspicuous. In moving to the front, he bore his colors in advance of every one, till he was shot down and disabled on the morning of the 3rd. Captain M. Lynch deserves honorable mention, not only for his uniform gallantry, but for his firmness and the good service rendered in maintaining his ground when the flank of the regiment next to him faltered and fell back, thus preventing the propagation of that which would have been disastrous.

The following is a list of casualties:*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. MERCER,

Colonel Twenty-first Georgia Regiment.

Captain F. T. SNEAD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Doles' Brigade, D. H. Hill's Division.

Numbers 381 Report of Colonel John B. Estes, Forty-fourth Georgia Infantry.

MAY 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of April 29 ultimo, we received orders to move at once in the direction of Fredericksburg, it being reported that the enemy were crossing in force at the same place at which they had crossed in December last, 1862. Arrived near Hamilton's house about 11 a. m.; went into line of battle, the Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment on the right of the brigade, the Twenty-first Georgia on our immediate left.

About retreat we received notice that during the night the brigade would move out by the right flank, to take position on the front line. Accordingly, a short time before daylight, the brigade, Forty-fourth Georgia in front, moved out across the railroad, and was formed into line of battle in level plain, the Forty-fourth Georgia on the right. The day was spent in fortifying the line. The night following we lay in readiness for attack.

Just before day we moved out in the direction of Chancellorsville.

Some 5 or 6 miles this side of Chancellorsville, and on the Plank road,

---------------

*Embodied in Doles' report, p. 969.

---------------

