
the brigade was halted, thrown into line of battle by the rear rank, the Forty-fourth Georgia being on the right. Considerable firing of musketry and artillery was going on in our front. Very soon we moved by the left flank a short distance (still on the Plank road), and formed line as before. The line soon moved forward a short distance under cover of a hill; halted and lay down.

At this point Captain J. C. Key, commanding Company B, was slightly wounded in the breast by a stray ball from the enemy.

We next moved off by the left flank, still under cover of hills, for about one-fourth of a mile. Here we lay a short time in line, then moved to the front (by the rear rank) a considerable distance, over rough timbered lands, into an open field in view of the enemy's skirmishers; changed by the left flank and again by the left flank, bringing us to a concealed position on the branch, some half a mile from the Plank road.

We next moved out toward the road, and halted and prepared for a march. We soon marched out on the Plank road, and advanced toward Chancellorsville a distance of some 2 miles. Here we remained for the rest of the night.

On the morning of May 2, we set out toward Chancellorsville. After going about 1 mile, we left the Plank road by the Furnace road, and after several marches, a few rests, and taking country roads, &amp;c., we arrived about 4 miles from Chancellorsville, in the enemy's rear and on his right flank. Line of battle was formed, the left of the brigade resting on the Plank road, the Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment being between the Fourth Georgia on the left and the Twenty-first Georgia on the right. About 5 p. m. an advance was ordered. The whole brigade moved forward, the Fourth Georgia being the battalion of direction. Very soon the skirmishers of the two armies became engaged. The brigade moved rapidly forward to the support of the skirmishers, when the action became general. We drove the enemy without check in utter confusion for a distance of some 2 1/2 miles, he leaving behind him three entrenched positions, several pieces of artillery, a large lot of small-arms, knapsacks, clothing, &c., beside a large number of prisoners, both officers and men. The pursuit wa scout off by extreme fatigue and by the intervention of night.

It is impossible to report with any degree of accuracy what was the part performed by each separate regiment in this running fight. It is also impossible to say what was the exact loss of the regiment in this engagement. A list of casualties, hereto appended,* shows the loss on this and the succeeding day.

Having lain on the night, the next morning early the brigade was ordered forward, the Forty-fourth Georgia on the left, and, being the battalion of direction, was ordered to conform its movements to General Ramseur's brigade, which was immediately on the left of Doles'. The line moved forward in quick time through a thick pine woods, under shelling from the enemy's guns, for a distance of some half mile. The Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment, with a large portion of the brigade, were detached from General Ramseur's right, and moved by the right flank to the rear and in support of a battery of artillery. The brigade soon moved forward, the right being attached to General. Archer's left and ordered to conform to the movements of his brigade. The advance was upon a stronghold of the enemy in the direction of Chancellorsville. This advance was made through an open field, a distance of half a mile, under a most terrific storm of shell, grape, and

