
canister. Arriving near the enemy's batteries, the regiment broke by the right flank into a piece of woods, in order to come upon the enemy's flank. Here the regiment was ordered to fall back with the rest of the brigade, when the enemy's works were stormed and carried by re-enforcements coming in upon their right flank. The brigade then rested and received rations. Late in the afternoon we moved out and halted near the Plank road. Night here came on.

As in the fight of the 2nd, so in this of May 3, it is impossible to say what were the separate results.

Soon after nightfall we advanced in the direction of Chancellorsville, on the Plank road, and were formed into line of battle on the left of D. H. Hill's division, the Forty-fourth Georgia being on the left of the brigade. The night was spent in fortifying the position which was the road itself and which already would have afforded considerable protection. Here we remained until the afternoon, when the brigade was moved out, counter marched, and thrown into line on the right of General Pender's brigade (A. P. Hill's division), some few hundred yards immediately in front of our former position on the road, but in an oblique direction to it. Here we fortified again, consuming the evening and the greater porion of the night. Here we remained until Wednesday morning, with nothing but occasional skirmishing and some unnecessary alarms.

On the morning of Wednesday [Thursday] (7th), we received notice that the enemy had evacuated his position in our front, and had recrossed the river. In the afternoon we set out over horrible, roads and through a terrible rain-storm, which had already been drenching us for twenty-four hours, to return to our old camps, whence we started eight days before. This terrible march was performed by but few that night, and those few in no order. The men were coming in all next day(the 8th).

We have again to mourn the loss of many comrades, both officers and men. Our casualties consist chiefly in wounded, but I regret to say that many of the wounded have since died, and many more no doubt will yet die from their effects.

Where both officers and men acted as did all on this fatiguing campaign, it would be injustice to make personation. The only regret we have is that our companies were cut off from the privilege of seeing the end of the work which they so gallantry begun. But their names will line in the hearts of their comrades and in the affections of a grateful country.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. B. ESTES,

Colonel Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment.

Captain F. T. SNEAD

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 382. Report of Brigadier General A. H. colquitt, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, May 15, 1863.

SIR: Herewith I submit a report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent engagement at Chancellorsville and the affairs connected with it.

On the morning of April 29, intelligence being received that a portion of the Federal Army had succeed in crossing the river near Fredericksburg, my brigade was put under arms and marched to Hamilton's

