
alarm being given, my whole command was moved to the support of the battery, and was subjected at intervals to a fierce artillery fire from the enemy.

Early the ensuing morning, I took my position in line of battle on the extreme right, and, in pursuance of orders, was advancing upon the enemy's position, when I received orders to move to the support of General Archer, a guide being furnished to direct me to him. I had proceeded but a short distance when I was ordered to repair in haste to the extreme left of our line, where the enemy threatened to turn our flank. I had scarcely reached the new position when I was again ordered to the right, and thence again to the left.

While our forces were occupied in the assault on Chancellorsville, the enemy sought to assail them in flank, and made desperate efforts to regain possession of the turnpike. It was to defeat this object that my brigade was thrown to the left. Forming line of battle parallel to the road, I advanced in face of a severe fire to a line of breastworks from which the enemy had been driven. Here I found the Third Alabama, of Rodes' brigade, and some Louisiana and south Carolina regiments stubbornly resisting his advance. They had well nigh exhausted their ammunition. Upon my arrival they withdrew, producing some confusion in rushing through my ranks; it was momentary, however. Advancing beyond the breastworks, we opened a furious and well-directed fire upon the enemy. The contest was sharp and fierce for a few moments. I ordered a charge, which was responded to with a shout and at double-quick. The enemy broke and fled in confusion, throwing away arms, accouterments, and every incumbrance. We continued the pursuit for half a mile, killing and capturing many, and driving the fugitives into their fortifications in rear of Chancellorsville. Coming to a halt, we lay under cover of woods within 400 yards of their works for four or five hours. Some demonstrations being made upon my left, the brigade of General Lane was sent to my support. Previously the Fiftieth Virginia [?], Captain Mathews,* and a detachment of a South Carolina [Alabama] regiment, under Major [A. M.] Gordon, had joined me as me re-enforcements. The enemy did not show himself again outside of his works.

At 4 p. m. I was relieved by the division of Major General A. P. Hill, under the command of General Pender. We took position soon after in the trenches about Chancellorsville, where we lay until ordered back to our camp near Grace Church.

Colonels [Charles T.] Zachry, [John T.] Lofton, [Tully] Graybill, and [A. J.] Hutchins led their regiments with spirit and energy.

Captain [G. G.] Grattan, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [James] Randle, aide-de-camp, were indefatigable in their efforts and conspicuously bold in the discharge of their duties.

Mr. H. H. Colquit acting upon my staff, bore himself with spirit and coolness.

Especial credit is due Captain William M. Arnold, Sixth Georgia Regiment, who commanded the battalion of skirmishers. His energy, zeal, and gallantry won my admiration.

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain [G.] PEYTON.

[P. S.]- The names of the following officers and men are mentioned by their regimental commanders as deserving especial notice for meritorious

---------------

*No officer named Mathews appears on roster of Fiftieth Virginia Infantry.

---------------

