
when it again advanced with the brigade. The regiment was under considerable shelling and musketry, but was not engaged, as the enemy fled before we had reached our line of battle.

The following is a list of casualties up to Saturday night.*

On Sunday morning the Sixth Georgia Regiment moved with the brigade toward Chancellorsville, and formed a line of battle in the woods immediately on the left of the road leading by Chancellorsville, and about a mile from that place. From this position the regiment advanced, and had gone but a short distance when it came upon the enemy. We drove them rapidly before us into their works, when, by order of General Colquitt, the regiment was halted and held its position until late in the works immediately around Chancellorsville, which position we held until Wednesday evening, May 6, when we returned to camp.

The following is a list of casualties in the Sixth Georgia Regiment on Sunday.+

Wounded at the works at Chancellorsville on Monday morning, May 4.++

Names of those whose conduct was meritorious: Company A, Corpl. R. W. Clarke, Corpl. William Chappell, Private W. J. Howell. Names of those whose conduct was censurable: Company A, Private S. S. Culver.

All the above last-named men were on skirmish.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. T. LOFTON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Georgia Regiment.

Captain G. G. GRATTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 384. Report of Colonel Andrew J. Hutchins, Nineteenth Georgia Infantry.

MAY 8, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders, I respectfully submit the following as a report of the operations of this regiment in the recent engagement:

The morning of April 29, we marched to the right of Hamilton's Crossing, and remained there until early the morning of the 30th, when we moved forward and took a position in the ditches, in front.

Here we remained until early the morning of the 1st, when we began the march up the river. About 2 o'clock we arrived in the Wilderness, on the Plank road, some 8 or 10 miles from Fredericksburg, and heard the picket fighting which was going on with the enemy. At this point we formed line of battle and moved forward some 2 miles without encountering any of the enemy. We came to a halt on the edge of a flied, and remained until near sundown, when we moved back to the Plank road and up it a short distance, and rested for the night.

Early on the morning of the 2nd, we began their march and made the circuit of the enemy, and came in on their right about 3 o'clock in the evening. We were formed here in line of battle, my regiment forming the right of General Colquitt's brigade. After remaining quiet here for

---------------

*List, omitted, reports 2 men killed and 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

+List, omitted, reports 3 officers and 22 men wounded.

++ List, omitted, reports 3 men wounded.

---------------

