HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, WESTERN VIRGINIA,Sunday, May 3, 1863.

GENERAL: This evening I arrived here with my whole command, and General W. E. Jones with a part of his. The residue will be up to-morrow or next day. The following damage has been done to the main stem of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad: Every bridge but two of any importance from Oakland to a point 30 miles west of Fairmont has been destroyed. The splendid iron bridge at Fairmont, over 600 feet long, was blown into the river; all the others burned. General Jones destroyed them from Fairmont east, except at Cheat River. My men destroyed those for 30 miles west of Fairmont. On the Parkersburg stem, General Jones burned the bridge and trestling at Bridgeport. I drove the enemy, 1,500 strong, from Beverly, they destroying all their stores. They also fled from Buckhannon, destroying their camps, stores, ammunition, &amp;c., and burned all the bridges from Beverly westward. They have concentrated at Clarksburg two brigades-[Brigadier General J. R.] Kenly's and [Brigadier General Benjamin S.] Roberts'- and [Colonel James A.] Mulligan has tow regiments at Grafton. We can whip them on equal ground, but I understand they are fortifying at Clarksburg. We shall make a reconnaissance in force there to-morrow or next day, and see what they intend to do. If you were within co-operating distance of us, we could utterly demolish the railroad from Clarksburg to Parkersburg, and then force the enemy to a fight on our own terms, and, turning upon Kanawha, clear the valley. The Union men have all fled before us. We have collected and sent to the rear over 2,000 head of good cattle, and General Jones alone has got over 1,200 fine horses for the Government.

The expedition thus far has been a splendid success especially on General Jones' part, in the destruction of the railroad. He has lost about 30 men killed and wounded. My loss trifling, only 2 killed and 3 or 4 wounded since I started. Rumor reaches us that you are at work toward Parkersburg. I trust such is the case, and that we may get together this week. If we do, I believe the northwest is saved. Let us hear from you by the earliest possible moment. Suggest a point of junction anywhere south or west of this, and I will try to meet you. General Jones has taken over 500 prisoners; I only about 20 or 25. He has captured the arms of his prisoners. I have taken about one hundred stand of arms and two pieces of artillery left by the enemy at Buckhannon in their flight. Without the intervention of unforeseen obstacles, we shall by the last of this week get out 5,000 head of cattle and 1,500 horses.

Yours, respectfully,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS.

HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST VIRGINIA BRIGADE.

Buffalo Gap, Va., June 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I submit the following report of my late expedition through Northwest Virginia:*

On Monday, April 20, I marched from my camp at Shenandoah a Mountain with the following troops, viz: The Twenty-fifth, Thirty-first, and Sixty-second Regiments Virginia Infantry, the Eighteenth Virginia

---------------

*See Lee to Imboden, April 7, in "Correspondence, etc., " Part II.

---------------

