
Early Sunday (3rd.) morning, the enemy renewed his furious cannonade. We moved back to the open field and to the extreme right; advanced in the order of battle through dense woods the distance of half a mile; then by a left-flank and file-left movement we came we came out and moved the extreme left of the field, a distance of about 1 1/2 miles. After a halt of about ten minutes, we moved back toward the right, till we came upon the road diverging from the Plank road nearly at right angles; moved on this road in the direction of the Plank road about the length of the brigade by the left flank; then by the right flank till I came to an abandoned breastwork of the enemy; then by the left flank till I came to the Plank road; broke by files to the right on the Plank road; faced to the left in the order of battle, my line parallel with the road; changed front, forwarded obliquely, facing the river and advanced several hundred yards, when I came upon a regiment of Thomas' brigade, A. P. Hill's division, lying down, receiving and returning a hot fire. Passing over them, I fired two rounds, and calling on Captain [W. M] Arnold, commanding skirmishing battalion, who was on my right, to support me, I ordered a charge. With a shout my men dashed forward, putting the enemy to flight, pursuing him to the edge of the field, near his fortifications, when I was ordered back.

My loss in this actions was 18 wounded and 2 killed.

About 4 p. ml we were relieved by General A. P. Hill, and moved to the rifle-pits on the right of the hundred house at Chancellorsville, Next morning we took position at the works the road leading to the United States Ford. While here (Monday and Tuesday) we were twice shelled vigorously for a short time by the enemy. Wednesday we marched back to camp, arriving about 10 p. m.

Lieutenant George W. Lathem, commanding Company D, and Lieutenant William P. Edwards, commanding Company F, attracted my attention by their coolness and their prompt discharge of their duties upon the field.

I inclose a list of names of enlisted men who are reported to my by company commanders for coolness and gallantry. I append a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ZACHRY,

Colonel.

Captain G. G. GRATTAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Names of enlisted men who distinguished themselves in the Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment in the late battles: Company E, Privates A. L. Dodd, John J. Buffington, G. M. Dodd, A. J. Whitaker, James Laster, Thomas J. Horton. Company G, Privates James T. Reeves, J. C. Curtice. Company H, Sergts. J. B. Bryans, T. J. Dukes; Corpl. B. P. Pryor; Privates B. F. Norris, G. W. Rape, J. M. Lindsey, John H. Lewis. Company F, Sergt. James Shirah. Company C, Sergts. J. Murchison, W. A. Webb; Corpls. L. C. Fentrell, C. M. Newberry; Privates H. Newberry, M. Merritt, J. Hoskins, J. Worsham, W. G. Clary, Simon Johnson. Company K, Private William Connel.

C. T. ZACHRY,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment.

---------------

*Not found; but see colquitt's report, p. 977.

---------------

