
Numbers 387. Report of Colonel Tully Graybill, Twenty-eighth Georgia Infantry.

MAY 9, 1863.

Moved from camp Wednesday, April 29; formed line of battle near Hamilton's Crossing; remained there until dawn of day, Thursday morning; moved forward and took position on the front line of defenses; remained there until Friday morning, 2 a. m. Took up line of march and moved forward up the river; formed line of battle, advanced through the woods, and left the enemy's lines, and then returned to the Plank road. Continued the march up the road, and camped in an apple orchard for the night.

Early next morning took up line of march; continued the march, throwing out skirmishers to the right. About 4 a. m. formed a line of battle; 5. 30 o'clock moved forward. Afterward, a short time, the enemy opened fire upon us with artillery. We continued to advance, the enemy falling back, until 7 o'clock; then we halted, and remained there until 9 o'clock; then moved on the Plank road, and formed a line of battle. At 10 o'clock the enemy opened upon us. Then were ordered to move forward to support a battery on the Plank road; did so, and remained under arms all night.

Sunday, May 3, moved to the right of our position; formed a line of battle and advanced half a mile; left-faced and filed left; moved to the extreme left of our position, and there about-faced and came back about half a mile; then filed left, and moved up into the battle-field; left and formed a line; then advanced to support the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment; opened fire upon the enemy. After a few rounds, advanced and drove the enemy from his position, and there ended the operations of the regiment for the day.

Below you will find a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the regiment.*

By ordered of T. Graybill, colonel commanding regiment.

JAS. D. FRANKLIN,

Acting Adjutant.

Numbers 388. Reports of Brigadier General Alfred Iverson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS IVERSON'S BRIGADE,May 13, 1863.

SIR: [Inclosed find] report of operations of Iverson's brigade from the morning of April 29 to the conclusion of the battle of the Wilderness, May 2.

I have the honor to report that my brigade, pursuant to order from Brigadier-General Rodes, commanding division, moved from its camp near Grace Church about 8 a. m. on the morning of April 29, and occupied the line of the railroad to the left of Hamilton's Crossing, connecting with the right of General Early's division. It remained in this position (the enemy being in our front on this side of the river) until

---------------

*Embodied in Addenda to Colquitt's report, p. 977.

---------------

