
before day on the morning of May 1, when it was ordered to move no the Military road, following the brigade of General Ramseur, in the direction of Chancellorsville. Arrived at entrenchments constructed by Major General Anderson above Fredericksburg, in the neighborhood of Bank's Ford, it rested till evening, and then moved forward on the Plank road toward Chancellorsville, still following the brigade of General Ramseur. Heavy firing was heard on the right of the road in the direction of the old turnpike and, by order of General Rodes, skirmishers were thrown out to the right to protect the flank. About 3 miles from Chancellorsville, the brigade of General Ramseur having formed line of battle to the front on the road, by brigade was moved forward by the road. While in this position several men were killed and wounded by the fire of the enemy's skirmishers. Receiving an order to advance, we found the enemy retiring his line of skirmishers, and General Rodes then ordered me to hold a position in the woods, with skirmishers advanced as near the enemy as possible. This was done, my skirmishers driving in those in their front until they found the enemy contesting a position on the old turnpike road. In the engagement between the skirmishers, about a dozen prisoners were taken by us. I was ordered at sundown to withdraw from my position and march in the direction of Chancellorsville, and bivouacked on the road about 1 mile from that place.

Immediately after daylight on the morning of May 2, I was directed by General rodes to relieve the brigade of General Ramseur, then posted in the front and to the right of the Plank road leading into Chancellorsville. I passed the point occupied by General Ramseur without perceiving it, owing to this being posted in dense woods and the courier who had been directed to show me the position not being ont he spot where I expected to find him, and came in sight of the enemy about 400 yards distant, whom I mistook for General Ramseur's troops till they saluted me with a shower of Minie balls, followed by canister, wounding 4 or 5 men of the Twenty-third North Carolina troops. The brigade was moved by the right into the woods, and then by the rear of the column back to the position of General Ramseur, where I remained until 10 o'clock, when an order was received form General Rodes to follow his division, which had moved several hours before, around toward the rear of the enemy by the Catharpin road. I informed General Archer, who was on the line in my rear, that I was about to uncover his front, but would leave my skirmishers there hotly engaged till he could relieve them. By so doing I deprived myself of the invaluable services of that trained and practiced corps, as they could not overtake me till after the fight of that day. I followed the division of General Trimble, and came up with General rodes about 4 p. m., and was posted on the extreme left, in the front line.

Immediately after getting into position, the line moved forward to the battle of the Wilderness. Advancing through the dense and tangled undergrowth in the following order-Fifth North Carolina on the right connecting witching with Rodes' brigade; Twelfth North Carolina next, then the Twentieth North Caroline, and on the Twenty-third North Caroline, moving by the flank-the skirmishers soon engaged, and the whole pressed hotly and quickly to the attack. The enemy seemed to be completely taken by surprise, and made no organized resistance. At several points regiments appeared, but were quickly dispersed. Their line of entrenchments were taken by my brigade completely in rear, and the enemy broke and streamed over the hills toward Chancellorsville. The second line, commanded by Brigadier-General Colston, closed

