
in with us at this point, and caused great confusion, the two line rushing toward pell-mell upon the enemy, and becoming mingled in almost inextricable confusion, no officer being able to tell what men he commanded. A battery played upon us until we approached very close, and then retired, leaving one gun on the ground passed over by the Fifth North Carolina.

The gallant and lamented Major D. P. Rowe, commanding the Twelfth North Caroline, fell, mortally wounded, in the first of the fight, a noble sacrifice to his country's cause.

The whole affair from the moment of attack was wild scene of triumph on our part. Hungry men seized provisions as they passed the camps of the enemy, and rushed forward, eating, shouting, and firing. A force of the enemy's cavalry advanced to charge, but were sent fleeing to the rear, the Yankee officers leading their men in retreat. The enemy were driven over a mile before a halt was ordered, and night was falling upon us.

After much labor the brigade-divided in many portions by the celerity of the movement and the confusion caused by the second line closing up with us-was collected together and move to the rear, to take post in the third line of battle for the following morning.

I regret to say that Colonel T. M. Garrett, Fifth North Carolina, was severy wounded by a shot from some of our own troops at the line close the engagement. I observed him during the evening in front of his regiment, impetuously leading it to the fight and stimulating his men by his example. Colonel D. H. Christie led his splendid regiment with calm and confident courage, and Colonel T. F. Toon earned well-deserved distinction for his courage and conduct in this the first fight of his regiment since his promotion to the colonelcy. I refer you the reports of these officers for mention of distinguished acts of gallantry in their respective commands. The Twelfth North Caroline, though deprived early of their gallant leader (Major Rowe), made themselves a name which they have since well sustained in the bloody fight of Chancellorsville. I can proudly say of the whole brigade there is no fault to find.

I find it impossible to divide the casualties of the series of skirmishes and battles, and will therefore inclose the total ending with day of our withdrawal from Chancellorsville.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS IVERSON'S BRIGADE,May 13, 1863.

SIR: [Inclosed find] report of part taken by Iverson's brigade in battle of Chancellorsville.

Having rested on our arms on the extreme left of the third line of battle, composed of the troops of Rodes' division, during the night of May 2, about 6 a. m. of May 3 we advanced with the whole, line, one brigade of which (Rodes') intervened between mine and the Plank road.

---------------

*Inclosure not found; but see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

