
Plank road for assistance, and, observing troops in line on the right of the road, I sent Captain D. P. Halsey to them for aid. He communicated with General Colston, who promptly moved a portion of his command in the required direction. I saw General Stuart, and informed him of the situation, and he immediately forwarded the brigade of General Colquitt to support the left. Returning to watch the effect of the re-enforcements, I received a contusion in the groin from a spent ball, which made walking, very painful, and, as the battle ceased shortly after, I requested Colonel Christie to take the command of the brigade till I could procure my horse. Upon joining the brigade in front, I received orders from General Rodes to move up the Plank road and take position, with my right resting on the brick house at Chancellorsville, where we fortified our position by the use of bayonets and fingers, and remained, subjected on several occasions to the shells and canister of the enemy until Wednesday evening, May 6, when ordered to return to camp.

On Wednesday morning, the enemy having retired, skirmishers were pressed forward to the river, capturing many prisoners.

Where a whole command behaved so well as mine did, I shall be obliged to confine myself, with one exception, to the commendation of officers commanding regiments, leaving it to them to name individuals distinguished for conduct. The exception is Lieutenant [M. J.] Malone, of the Fifth North Carolina, upon whom I depended for correct information from the line of skirmishers. He was nearly always in front and on Wednesday morning, when informed of my wish to find out the position of the enemy, crept forward alone into their entrenchments, and brought me news of the evacuation.

Colonel D. H. Christie, for the gallant manner in which he fought his regiment at the breastworks of the enemy, deserved promotion, and I here take occasion to recommend him for the same.

Colonel T. F. Toon, Twentieth North Carolina, was wounded while fighting his regiment gallantly in the front line.

Lieutenant Colonel R. D. Johnston, of the Twenty-third North Carolina, to whom I had given command of the Twelfth North Carolina, cannot be too highly praised for the distinguished courage with which he commanded under trying circumstances.

Lieutenant-Colonel Lea up to the time of his wounded bore himself and commanded his regiment with determined bravery.

My thanks are due Captain D. P. Halsey, assistant adjutant-general, for his promptness and readiness in carrying my orders to any part of the field; and the thanks of the country are due the whole command, officers and men, for their unexceptional conduct.

Lists of casualties are inclosed with regimental reports.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain G. PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,May 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General IVERSON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Rodes directs that you forward the receipt given by Major-General Stuart of Twelfth North Carolina Regiment for a captured

