
enemy opened a furious cannonade upon our position, throwing shot and shell with remarkable precision; but our men being quite well protected by the work they had thrown up during the night, no casualties occurred in my command from it. The firing from the batteries on both sides having ceased, our sharpshooters advanced to their former position, after which time everything was quiet until 5 p. m., when the enemy's batteries again opened on us, but without effect. Ours did not reply.

Nothing of consequence occurred until 8 p. m., when heavy skirmishing in front indicated that the enemy were advancing. The original sharpshooters were now ordered to support the skirmishers, who had fallen back near our line of battle. Soon all appeared quiet, and our skirmishers reoccupied their old stand. I then received orders to allow my command to sleep, except an alarm post, to give notice of any unusual occurrence. Our weary soldiers now sought repose in their scanty trenches, and only dreamed of celebrating the morning of May 5, in memory of our lamented comrades who fell at Williamsburg.

The morning of the 5th instant found our defenses much stronger than the day previous, and passed off without an incident worthy of note until, 6 p. m., a heavy fall of rain set in, after which all seemed quiet along our lines.

The morning of the 6th dawned, and the incessant fall of rain filled our trenches to overflowing with water. At 9 a. m. our skirmishers moved forward, but no enemy appeared in our front, when it was ascertained that the enemy had retired beyond the Rappahannock River. Soon I received orders to send five companies from my command to report to Major-General Rodes, then in our front. For the execution of this order, I dispatched the right wing of the regiment under command of Captain Benj. Robinson. By permission from General Iverson, I now moved my command to the rear, to a more elevated position.

At 12 m. Captain Robinson returned with his command, and at 1 p. m. I received orders to join the brigade on the Plank road. This being done, the brigade moved off, and only halted when at our old camp, a distance of 15 miles.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. WEST,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. P. HALSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 390. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert D. Johnston, Twenty-third North Carolina Infantry, commanding Twelfth North Carolina Regiment.

MAY 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twelfth North Carolina in the late battle of Chancellorsville, the gallant Major [D. P.] Rowe having fallen, mortally wounded, while fearlessly leading his regiment in the fight of Saturday evening, May 2:

Late on the night of the 2nd instant, I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to assume command of this regiment. I found the effective strength of the command to be about 200 guns and 25 officers.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, Iverson's brigade was formed in

