
line of battle, with the Fifth North Carolina on the left and the Twelfth next. We were ordered forward immediately, and advanced for a mile thought an almost impenetrable thicket of pines and over marshes until we came upon the barricade constructed by the enemy, where I discovered that the Fifth North Carolina had become separated from the brigade in the tangled wilderness through which we had passed. It being utterly impossible to hear any commands, I had advanced but a few hundred yards beyond the barricade when a battery of the enemy opened upon me with canister, enfilading my whole command, and a force of infantry also appeared upon my left flank. I immediately dispatched Adjt. J. T. Gregory with this information to General Iverson, and moved my regiment by the right flank until I closed up on the brigade, and, having deployed a company as skirmishers upon me left, I moved forward but a short distance when I came upon the enemy in heavy force in my front. A severe fight ensued of half hour or more duration, and the enemy were gradually falling back before us, closely followed, when the skirmishers upon my left flank were driven, in and volley after volley was poured into my flank ere I could give the command to fall back. And it is with pride and gratification that I can say, though the whole command was under a withering cross-fire for a few moments, yet not a man gave way until I had given the order.

Our loss was severe at this place, and the enemy were so close that some few were captured in the retreat.

The line was again reformed, irrespective of regiments, at the barricade, and General Iverson having place some troops in position to protect our left,the whole line advanced a second time, and came [upon] the right flank of a heavy line of infantry moving toward the Plank road. When within easy range, we delivered a scathing fire into their flank-with greater effect, from the number of their dead, than upon any other part of the field that came under my observation. The enemy retreated in great confusion, and I ordered the whole line forward. We had advanced but a short distance when the troops protecting our left flank became hotly engaged,and were retiring stubbornly before an immensely superior force. This compelled our line to fall back few, hundred yards, where the line was again reformed, and halted until ordered by (I think) both General Pender and Thomas to fall back to the Plank road. After two or three hours' rest, we were moved down the Plank road, and took position near the brick house, under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries. I can but regret that our line was not extended a few hundred yards to the left, and I feel assured that a still more complete victory would have crowned our arms.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the officers and men of this regiment. All acted so well that it would be invidious to particularize.

I am indebted to Adjt. J. T. Gregory for the invaluable assistance he gave me upon the field, executing all my orders with great coolness and courage under a galling fire.

We captured a large number of prisoners. Private Williams Savage Company C, alone captured 1 colonel, a captain, 2 lieutenants, and 11 enlisted men.

Private J. S. Weber, Company E, captured 3 stand of colors-a United States flag (Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers), which I turned over to General Stuart on the field, a cavalry and an artillery flag, which were sent to the wagons.

I cannot close without calling the attention of the general commanding to the efficiency and gallantry of the corps of sharpshooters from this regiment, under the leadership of the brave [Nathan S.] Moseley.

