
They never faltered. Though the loss in the corps was heavy, yet three is still one-twelfth of the effective total of my command on duty with the corps.

I have the honor, captain, to be, your obedient servant,

ROBT. D. JOHNSTON,

Lieutenant Colonel 23rd North Carolina, Commanding Twelfth North Carolina.

Captain D. P. HALSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 391. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nelson Slough, Twentieth North Carolina Infantry.

MAY 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the conduct and behavior of my regiment in the battles of the 2nd and 3rd instant, at the Wilderness Church and Chancellorsville.

On Saturday evening, the 2nd, about 5 o'clock, we arrived at a point on the north side of the Plank road, where we formed our line of battle, and were ordered forward to attack the enemy, which we did, being in the front line.

After marching nearly 1 mile through a thick wood, we arrived in an old field. Here we received a heavy volley from the enemy, posted in an open field behind a hill. We soon advanced at a charge. The enemy fled; we pursued, driving them before us with little opposition for about 3 miles. Night coming on, we were ordered to halt by General Rodes, the commander of our division, and soon thereafter were order to the rear.

The next morning we were again drawn up in line of battle on the north side of the Plank road, along a line of the enemy's breastworks, which had been abandoned by them on the day previous. After being properly formed, we were ordered forward, we being the third line; but no command being given to halt,and my regiment being governed by the right battalion, we marcher dover the second line to nearly equal distance between the front and second line, when we halted. The front line, being hotly engaged with the enemy, soon gave way in confusion, passing through our line. My regiment stood firm and soon became hotly engaged with the enemy front. The Fifth Regiment North Carolina troops, from some cause or other, failed to come up, it being, or should have been, on the left of our line; but it not coming up, the enemy outflanked us on our left, and poured destructive volleys into our left flank, which compelled us to fall black to the breastworks heretofore named. My regiment rallied very readily. After the line of battle was reformed and disposition made to protect our left flank, we were again ordered forward. My regiment moved forward in good order, and soon we became engaged with the enemy in our front, defeating them; and soon thereafter the firing ceased, the enemy being defeated at all points, and our victorious army in possession of the field of battle.

I cannot find words to express my admiration of the daring and heroism displayed by both officers and men during the entire engagement. The officers were all at their proper places, discharging their duties with zeal and fidelity, regardless of the shot and shell of the enemy, which flew thick around them.

So large a number of both non-commissioned officers and privates

