
distinguished themselves by their cool and daring conduct that I will name but one, for fear of doing injustice. That one is Sergt. J. M. W. Parks, of Company B; a braver and better soldier is not in my regiment. The company officers, without any exception, behaved most gallantly.

The annexed report will show the number of killed, wounded, and missing in my regiment, together with their rank.*

I am, sir, most respectfully, your humble and obedient servant,

N. SLOUGH,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

Captain D. P. HALSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 392. Reports of Colonel Daniel H. Christie, Twenty-third North Carolina Infantry.

MAY 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my command on Saturday, May 2:

We were under arms and on the road to relieve, as I understood, Ramseur's brigade, a little after dawn. Moving up the Plank road, my regiment in front, I passed the officer on picket, who informed me that he was on outpost and the enemy immediately in front. I reported the fact in person to General Iverson, but as a courier had been sent up the road as guide, for whom he was looking, we were moved forward until a fire from musketry and artillery at 300 yards opened upon us, mortally wounding 1 and maiming 3 of my men. The command was extricated in good order, and moved back to the position originally intended for us to take. We occupied this position until about 9 a. m., our skirmishers sharply engaged, when we were moved forward by a circuitous road, and gained the enemy's rear, where we posted on the left of the division and brigade, to move by the flank, with skirmishers in the same order, to protect the flank. The march was a trying one, the day being very hot, but the men bore it with great fortitude. We had barely completed the formation, when the line advanced to the attack. It was unfortunate that the supporting line was so close, or not better managed. When we first engaged the enemy, this line rushed forward and mingled with the first before there was the least necessity for their assistance. The consequence was, that no officer could handle a distinct command without halting and reforming.

We captured a large number of prisoners, including a brigadier, or brigade commander, by Private Alburtus Gabriel, Company K, and 1 regiment flag.

My command was halted by order. About 9 o'clock we were relieved and moved a few hundred yards to the rear, where we received rations supplied ammunition, and obtained several hours' sleep.

Officers and men (except a few skulkers, whose names will be hereafter reported and published as a roll of infamy) acted with the courage and gallantry which has distinguished them on other battle-fields.

Our loss was comparatively small, and it will be impossible to separate it from the casualties of the next day.

---------------

*List, omitted, reports 2 officers and 13 men killed; 5 officers and 62 men wounded, and 1 officer and 17 men missing. Total 100. But see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

