
Firing having ceased, I exerted myself in collecting and reforming my command, and about 4 o'clock took position on the left of the brigade at Chancellorsville, and with bayonets dug trenches for the protection of my men from shell.

I feel that I cannot speak too strongly in praise of (with a very few exceptions among the enlisted men) the fortitude and heroism of the officers and men whom I have the honor to command. Every officer did his duty nobly. There were a number of instances of rare gallantry that came under my own observation. It is, however, very difficult to make distinctions without injustice. I may, in a supplemental report endeavor to do justice to special acts of valor.

I am indebted to Acting Adjt. J. B. French for the prompt transmission of orders, and to Sergeant-major Powell, who, by his cool bearing and enthusiastic bravery, greatly assisted my at trying moments in maintaining the formation and morale of the command. Through the faithful energy of Captain J. F. Johnston, acting commissary of subsistence we were amply supplied with rations.

In killed mortally wounded, and disabled, I will lose, in the opinion of the surgeon, 75 or 80 men. I deeply deplore the loss of so many noble spirits. Their bereaved relatives, friends, and companies in arms have my heartfelt sympathy. May God, in Hid infinite compassion, administer consolation unto them.

Accompanying this report I forward a list of casualties,* excepting those who are so slightly injured that they are now or will be fit for duty in a few day.

The regiment went into the engagement on Sunday with 396 guns and 34 officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL H. CHRISTIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain D. P. HALSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

OMISSIONS.

I take pleasure in according to Lieutenant [James] crowder and his crops of sharpshooters the highest praise for their indefatigable and gallant conduct.

On the morning of the 2nd James A. Hampstead, of Missouri, and John M. Long, of Kentucky, privates in Company E, Tenth Virginia Cavalry, volunteered for the fight in Company C, of my regiment. Captain [Elijah H.] Lyon, from his bed of suffering, sent me a request that they be especially mentioned in this report, having acted with distinguished gallantry. Private Long is missing, supposed to be captured.

Respectfully &amp;c.,

DANIEL H. CHRISTIE,

Colonel.

Numbers 393. Report of Brigadier General S. D. Ramseur, C. S. Army brigade commanding.

CAMP NEAR HAMILTON'S CROSSING,

May 23, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, No.- dated May 7, 19863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my

---------------

*Not found; but see Guild's report, p. 808.

---------------

