
brigade in the series of skirmishes and battles opening at Massaponax Creek and ending in the splendid victory at Chancellorsville:

Wednesday a. m., April 29, brigade was placed below Massaponax

Creek, to dispute the enemy's crossing and remained in that position occasionally annoyed by their artillery (by which I lost a few men) and kept on the alert by picket firing, until Thursday evening, when we were withdrawn to a point near Hamilton's Crossing.

Friday, may 1, at 3 a. m., we were aroused for the march, and left the advance of Major-General Rodes' division in the direction of Chancellorsville. At a distance of 7 miles from Fredericksburg we were detached from our own, division and ordered to Major-General Anderson, when we advanced upon the enemy, who fell back in confusion before our sharpshooters for several miles, strewing the way with their arms and baggage, this brigade, with General Posey on our right and General Wright on our left, to upward, perhaps, of 2 miles, being in advance.

About 6 p. m. we found the foe in force upon our front, and supported by batteries that poured grape unsparingly into the woods through which we were still advancing. Night approaching, halt was ordered, and we slept on our arms, with a strong picket line on the outposts.

Saturday, May 2, we were relieved about sunrise, and shortly thereafter marched by a series of circuitous routed, and, with surpassing strangely to a position in the rear of the enemy, whom, at about 5 p. m., we were ordered to attack.

This brigade was directed to support Brigadier-General Colquitt, with orders to overlap his right by one regiment, and was placed accordingly. At the command, we advanced with the division, preserving a distance of about 100 yards in rear of General Colquitt. Brisk firing was soon heard upon our front and left, indicating that General Doles had encountered the foe. At this point General Colquit moved by the right flank, sending me word by an officer of his staff that the enemy was attempting to turn his right. I immediately moved by the right flank, but heard no firing in than quarter. Again he sent his staff officer to inform me that the enemy was passing by this right flank, when I directed him to say to General Colquitt (in effect) that the firing indicated a sharp fight with General Doles, and that my impression was that his support was needed there, and that I would take care of his right flank. General Colquitt moved to the front, with the exception of one regiment, which continued to the right. I then pressed on by the right flank to meet the enemy that General Colquitt's staff officer twice reported to me to be in that direction, and prosecuted the search for half a mile, perhaps, but not a solitary yankee was to be seen. I then came up to division line, and moved by the left flank to the support of General Colquitt, whose men were resting in line of battle on the field General Deles had won.

Saturday night our division occupied the last line of battle within the entrenchments from which the routed corps of Sigel had fled in terror. My brigade was placed perpendicular to the Plank road, the left resin on the road General Doles on my right and Colonel [E. A.] O'Neal, commanding Rodes' brigade, on my left. I placed Colonel [F. M.] Parker, Thirtieth North Carolina, on the right of my brigade; Colonel [R. T.] Bennett, Fourteenth North Carolina, on right center; Colonel [W. R .] Cox, Second North Carolina, left center, and Colonel [Bryan Grimes, Fourth North Carolina, on left.

Sunday, May 3, the division being as stated, in the third line of battle, advanced about 9 o'clock to the support of the second line.

