
apprehended attack of the enemy in that quarter. This was done, and afterward I was moved to a position on the Plank road, which was intrenched, and which we occupied until the division was ordered back to camp near Hamilton's Crossing.

The charge of the brigade, made at a critical moment, when the enemy had broken and was hotly pressing the center, of the line ignore front with apparently overwhelming numbers, not only checked his advance, but threw him back in disorder, and pushed him with heavy loss from his last line of works.

Too high praise cannot be accredited to officers and men for their gallantry, fortitude, and manly courage during this brief but arduous campaign. Exposed as they had been for five days immediately preceding the fights on the picket line, they were, of course, somewhat wearied, but the order to move forward and confront the enemy brightened every eye and quickened every step. Under fire all through Wednesday, Wednesday night, and Thursday, without being able effectually to return this fire, they bore all bravely, and led the march toward Chancellorsville on Friday morning in splendid order. The advance of the brigade on Friday afternoon was made under the very eyes of our departed hero (Jackson), and of Major General A. P. Hill, whose words of praise and commendation bestowed upon the field we fondly cherish.

And on Sunday the magnificent charge of the brigade upon the enemy's last and most terrible stronghold was made in view of Major General Stuart and our division commander, Major General R. E. Rodes,whose testimony that it was the most glorious charge of that most glorious day we are proud to remember and to report to our kindred and friends.

To enumerate al the officers and men who deserve special mention for their gallantry would be to return a list of all who were on the field. All met the enemy with unflinching charge; and for the privations, hardships, and splendid marches, al of which were cheerfully borne, they richly deserve the thanks of our beautiful and glorious Confederacy.

I cannot close without mentioning the conspicuous gallantry and great efficiency of my regimental commanders. Colonel Parker, of the Thirtieth [North Carolina], who was detached during the fight of Sunday to support a battery and having accomplished that object moved forward on his own responsibility, and greatly contributed to wrest the enemy's stronghold at Chancellorsville from their grasp as well as prevent their threatened demonstrations upon the right on my brigade; the gallant Grimes, of the Fourth [North Carolina] whose conduct on other field save promise of what was fully realized on this; Colonel Bennett, of Fourteenth [North Carolina],conspicuous for his coolness under the hottest fire, and last, thought not least, the manly and chivalrous Cox, of the Second [North Carolina], the accomplished gentleman, splendid soldier, and warm friend, who though wounded five times, remained with his regiment until exhausted. In common with the entire command, I regret his temporary absence from the field, where he loved to be.

Major [Daniel W.] Hurtt, Second North Carolina State troops, commanded the skirmishers faithfully and well.

To the field and company officers, one and all, my thanks are due for the zeal and bravery displayed under the most trying circumstances.

To the gentlemen of my staff, I owe especial thanks for services rendered on the march and upon the field. Captain Steaton Gales, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [Caleb] Richmond, aide-de-camp, were with me all the time, promptly carrying orders under the very hottest

