
fire. I take pleasure, too, in speaking of the bearing of Private James Stinson, courier, a youth of twenty, who displayed qualities a veteran might boast of, and the conduct of Private J. f. Beggarly, also a courier to headquarters.

To. Dr. [G. W.] Brings, senior surgeon of the brigade, my thanks are due for his skill, zeal, and care of the wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. RAMSEUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major G. Peyton,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 394. Report of Captain Seaton Gales, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS RAMSEUR'S BRIGADE,May 13, 1863.

SIR: I regret to have to report under directions from Colonel [F. M.] Parker, commanding brigade, the loss of than standard of the Second and Fourth North Carolina troops in the battle of May 3.

In the Second [North Carolina] the color bearer was killed; the corporal who next took the colors was also killed, and all the color guard (four corporals) present were wounded. The regiment was forced back by the enemy, and most of the officers and men near the colors were captured or disabled. No one witnessed the capture of the standard, but there can be no doubt that the enemy gained possession of it with the captured prisoners.

In the fourth [North Carolina] the color-bearer and guard were wounded and a portion taken prisoners. The colors were taken with the guard, the enemy having flanked the regiment on the right.

Very respectfully

SEATON GALES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain [G.] PEYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 395. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Carter, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

MARCH 12, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedient to orders contained in circular of the 23rd ultimo, I respectfully submit a report of the operations of my basion in the battle of Chancellorsville.

On the evening of May 2-after having made the detour with Jackson's corps by which we reached the Fredericksburg and Orange [Court House] turnpike in rear of the enemy's right-my battalion took position in an open field on the right of the road, 1 1/2 miles webs to Melzi Chancellor's house, and remained there until the line for attack were formed. They were formed in a dense woods, which afforded no ground for artillery. In a short time I was ordered to withdraw the guns from this position, and to head the column of pieces on the turnpike, and, as

