4
Mr. McK. said, for the first time in the history
of out country, the question arose whether the Vice
president became President by the death of that
officer. It was not with any political view that he
had submitted his amendment, but for the purpose
of settling this question, and fixing it as a guidance
ior future legislation. He believed that the indi-
vidual at the head of the Government was not Pre-
sident of the United States. He spoke from no in-
vidious feeling. No man had a higher regard for
that gentleman than himself; but he believed he
■was only Vice-President, exercising the office of
President of the United States.
Mr. McK. then read the two following passages
from the Constitution of the United States:
"The Senate shall choose their other officers,
and also a President pro tempore, in the absence of
the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the
office of President of the United States."
"In case of the removal of the President from
office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties of the said office,
thp same shall devolve on the Vice President, and
the Congress may by law provide ior the case of
removal, deatfe, resignation, or inability, both of
ths President and Vice President, declaring what
officer shall then act as President, and such officer
shall act accordingly, until the disability be re-
moved, or a President shall be elected."
Mr. K. then went into an examination of the
intent and meaning of these passages, and referred
to the debates in the Convention that framed the
Constitution. He contended from these authori-
ties that Mr. Tyier was not actually President of
the United States, but merely Vice President, exe-
cuting the powers and duties of the former office.
He expressed his intention, however, to vote for
the regular salary of $25,000 attached to the Presi-
dential office; and concluded by urging the House
not to mingle this matter with the political discus-
sions of the day, but to regard it as a grave consti-
tute  al question, which should set the point at
rest for ail future tinje.
Mr. WISE was glad the point had been raised,
because the vote on the amendment would settle
the relation in which we stood to the President of
the United States. And he must be permitted to
say that he knew the fact that the present incum-
bent would claim the position that lie was, by the
Constitution, by election, and by the act of God,
President of the United States. That gentleman
had, with sentiments of deep sorrow, regretted
that the office ha 1 devolved upon him. But so it
was. The Censtitution of the United Slates held
this language:
"In case of the removal of the President from
office, or of bis death, resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties ot the said office,
ike same shall devolve on the Vice Presiden!, and
Congress may, by law, provide for the removal,
death, resignation, or inability, both of the Presi-
dent and Vice President, declaring what officer
shall then act as President," &c.
The office of President devolved on the Vice
President, and as the House had no rules as yet,
and therefore no previous question, he hoped they
would at once vote to recognise John Tylkr as
President r>( the United States.
Mr. MoKEON asked the yeas and nays on his
amendment; which were retired.
Mr. USGERSOLL moved an adjournment,
Mr. FILLMORE inquired if the Señale bad
adjourned?
The answer from several quarters was, Yes.
And the question being taken, the House (by
ayes 80, noes not counted) refused to adjourn.
Til  question was then taken on Mr. McKeon's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Anu the resolution wa-> adopted
On motion of Mr. KING, it was resolved that
wh;n ibe House adjourn it adjourn to meet at II
o'clock ic-siorrow.
Mr. WISE offered the following re--o ution:
Resslved, That the standing rules ¿nd orders ef
the Ust H<we of Representatives be adopted as the
rute and orders oí this Ilou.e for the next ensuing
ten days, and that a committee of nine ¡members be
appointed to rey.se the said rules and orders, and
io repo-t thereon, within the said ten days
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD insisted on the necessity of
a radical change of the rules—and suggessted to
Mr. WiaB to modify his motion so as to make the
rules of the last Congress the rules of this, until a
committee should have reported and their report
should have been disposed of. And Mr. U. sub-
mitted a motion to that effect.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the amendment
by inserting the words "except the 21st rule, whieh
is hereby rescinded."
The 21st rule is in the following words, viz:
'■ No petition, memorial, resolution or other pa-
per, praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave
trade between the States or Territories of the United
States in which it now exists, shall be received by
this House, or entertained in any way whatever."
Pending these motions—
The House, at half past five o'clock, on motion
of Mr. BRIGrGS, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tdesdat, June 1, 1841,
The Senate was called to order at 11 o'clock,
pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. BUCHANAN, Mr. CALHOUN, and Mr.
HENDERSON, appeared in th&ir seats,
yj A message was jgcatvefTTrom the House of Re-
presen tativfis, staling that a quorum of that body
was assembled, and were ready to proceed to bu-
siness.
A message was also received from the House of
Representatives, stating that they had passed the
following joint resolution:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the
part of this House, to join such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on
the President of the United State'., and inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses is assem-
bled, and that Congress is now ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that toe Senate
concur in the joint resolution.
Mr. ALLEN of Ohio moved to amend it by
striking out the words "President of the United
States," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
* the Vice President, on whom, by the death of the
late President, the powers and duties of the office
of President have devolved."
In support of the motion Mr. Allen proceeded
to ob-erve that it must be obvious to all men that,
in offering the amendment, he could have been
actuated by no personal or petty consideration hav-
ing reference to the individual now at the head of
the Executive Government, but that his sole and
simple object was to obtain an expression of the
sense of the Senate on an important question in the
interpretation of the Constitution now arising for
the first time. If it should be held that the pre-
sent incumbent of the Presidential chair is Vice
President, and, not President of the United Stale?,
Mr A had no doubt that Congress would, notwith-
standing, in consideration of his discharging all the
duties of Piesident, vote him (he full salary as-
signed to the President. Mr. A. had not the least
desire or design to cripple or in any way embar-
rass the present incumbent. He could not be sus-
pected of ¡so poor and petty an object as this. His
sole object, he repeated, was to obtain a declaration
of the sense of the Senate m the cabe. Mr A said
that, m the Constitution, he found the following
words:
"In case of the removal of the President from
office, or ot his death, resignation,or ¡nabih'y to dis-
charge the powers and duties oí the said office, the
same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the
Congress may by law provide for thecal of re
moval, death, lesigration, or inability, both of the
President at>d Vice President, dec aring wbat offi-
c r shall then <xt as President, a"d =uch officer
ohal! act accordingly, until the disabi ny be re-
moved, ora President thai! be elee'ed."
The first clause in ibis portion of the Constitu-
tion classified all the ccntingencie  under whicn the
Vice President shall discharge the duties and exer-
cise the powers of President, and it made no dis-
tinction whatever between removal by death and
removal by a tempurary inability to discharge the
functions of the Presidential office.    If, therefore,
the late President had been afflicted with a disease
producing, for time, a state of mental alienation,
he would on his recovery have been reinstated in
all the powers of that high office to which the Peo-
ple had elected him But a contingency of that
kind was provided for in the Constitution in the
very same words as the case of the President's
death. It might, perhaps, be said that the question
was an unimportant one, inasmuch as it had refer-
ence mainly to the title to be applied to a public
officer. Now Mr. A had not raised it with the re-
motest desire to withhold the dignity of the title of
President from the present incumbent of the chair.
His anxiety in the matter arose from this: if the
Presidential office was indeed now held by the Vice
President, that fact recognised the existence of a
case where the highest office in the Republic may
be held otherwise than by an election of the Peo-
ple. The consequences of establishing such a
principle might hereafter become very serious; but
if the powers and duties of the Presidential office
attached, in consequence of the death of the Presi-
dent, to the Vice President, he still remaining Vice
President, then he continued to hold only the office
to which the people had elected him, and thus the
beautiful symmetry of our system of free and po-
pular Government was preserved.
Having wished only to call the attention of the
Senate to the question that it might make an offi-
cial expression of its views of the case, Mr. A.
would be content with expressing his own opinion
in regard to it, however it might differ from that of
other gentlemen.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that the view j'ust taken
of the interpretation of the Constitution was much
strengthened by reference to the 5th clause of the
3d section of the 1st article:
"The Senate shall choose their other officers, and
also a President pro tern, in the absence of the Vice
President, or when he shall exercise the office of
President of the United States "
Mr. T. observed that it would be found, from an
examination of the Constitution as originally adopt-
ed.and as subsequently amended, that there was
but one mode provided in that instrument by which
a President of the United States could be created.
It was very true that the Vice President, under
certain contingencies, was required to exercise the
powers and perform the duties of the office of Pre-
sident, but it was no where declared that he there-
by became the President of the United States.
The President of the United States, as such, existed
and could exist only by an election of the people.
All analogy went to confiim the view which had
been taken by his colleague. In our courts of jus-
tice, if H happened that the Chief Justice was for a
time absent from the bench, the oldest judge pre-
sided in his place. But when this took place in
the Conrt oí King's Bench in England, the senior
judge did not ía consequence become Chief Justice
of the Court of King's Bench, although he exer-
cised for a time the powers and performed the du-
ties of that officer. The same thing was true in
this country. When a President of one of cur
courts of justice was for a time absent, or unable to
discharge the duties oí the bench, his place was fill-
ed by the senior judge; yet the latter officer,
though by courtesy and in common parlance he
might be called President, was not legally entitled
either to the style or the salary of the President
of the court. In Mi. T't own State the President
of the Court oí Common Pleas was allowed a sa-
lary, to which the other judges of that court were
not entitled. When in his absence one of these
judges filled his place, he did not thereby become a
salaried efficer, nor did the law confer upon him
the title of Pre^idt nt of tne Court.
The same analogy held in miliary affairs. If a
colonel was shot in battle, the next officer in rank
took corn mind of the regiment, but he did not
thereby become a colonel, noi was he entitled to a
colonel'  pay unless there was a «pecial provision
cf law providing for the ca'c. Mr T. said he had
seen a letter from a hue Senator from the State of
Mississippi, addressed to the officer now presiding
over the fcenate, the object of which seemed to be
to prove that the latter was at present the Vice
President of the United States, and that hw place
as a Senator from New Jersey became vacant
