CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S
sident and Vice Presi lent, the Constitution calls
ths officer acting President, who, for a brief pe-
riod, discharges the duties of the station, and in 'he
other case devolves the office of President for the
entire unexpired term on the Vice President
Can there be any doubt on the subjec' As to
the case of Colonel, acting as General, in case of
the death in battle of the latter, the Colonel only
acts as General for the temporary emergency ano-
ther person may be appointed General, and tbe
Colonel returns to his former station, when the
emergency had terminated daring which he was
acting as General.
Mr ALLEN replied. His friend from Missis-
sippi had asked, if Mr. Tyler was still Vice Pres-
dfnt, why was he not here presiding in the Senate?
He would answer the question. Mr Tyler was
not here, because the Constitution had assignfd to
barn duties which required his presence elsewhere,
viz the duties of the Presidential office. He was
now an executive, not a legislative officer Mr A
would put to his friend this question, and he put it
with a view to illustrate the fearful consequences
which might be apprehended as likely to ensue
from the establishment of the position taken by
that Senator Suppose a President of the United
States, should be of one political party, and at the
same time a Vice President of another political
party suppose the country to be about equally di-
vided between the two, and bo h parties mntnaWy
and highly incensed against each other, and under
ti ese circumstances, the President should be seized
wi'h a temporary illness, producing, for a time,
such an alienation of mind as unfitted him for the
discharge of his official duties, in consequence
of which, those duties were discharged by the
Vice President After a time the President com-
pletely recovered The question would then
arise, whieh of the two officers should continue
in the chair And might we not justly fear, un-
der sucn a stat; of th<rgs, a renewal of those
fearful struggles for suprene power which had
so often convulsed the Old World wilh civil war
and deludged it m blood1! The question of suc-
cession bad often^r tnan any other destroyed the
p ace of nattoi" Here was a Vice President
armed with the purse and the sword, in actual
possession, standing agam=t the claims of the Pre-
sident, now restored to hea th and reason, and not
only £o, but with halt t^e cit'zens of the Republ c
at his back What would become of the oTce1*
Was it to vibrate between the two claimant'? In
what manner could a Pie ident of the Umud
Slates—unimpeached, sane, and ah/e—cease to be
Presiden i There was none known to the Consti-
tution. None If John Tylei w as row President
of the United S'ates, nothing but ifpeachmen', re-
moval, mental alienation, or death, would expel
him from the offi-e Accord ng to the S-nator's
doctrine, though a President should be restored, a
Vice President once di charging his duties might
ho'd out, and the President chosen by the people
must take hi-, place as a priva e cit z n No The
office of a public officer was fixed until one of  he
contingencies occurred which were designated m
the Constitu'ion And i a Vice President be-
came President none could remove him.
thereby. But this was too foolish and nonsensical
to deserve any notice The people only could
make a public officer like the Vice President The
people had elected John Tyler as Vice Pres dent of
the United Slates, and an election by the people
aloue could make the present President of the Se-
nate their Vice President, he was at present a Se-
nator, as others in the body, and he voted on every
question as such
There was, then, nothing in the Constitution or
in analogical cases to warrant the position that
John Tyler is now the Pres'dent of the United
3tates He m ght, indeed, be justly ent tle,d to the
salary attached to the Presidential office, inasmuch
as he was in the discharge of all its dunes Mr.
T. had nothing against that But when the Senate
officially addressed him, it ought to give him his
true constitutional title. In personal conversation
he might be addressed as President, bui not when
officially addressed by a Department of the Go-
vernment, in their official language, none but the
proper legal title ought to be applied to the indivi-
dual exercising ihe powers of the Presidential
office.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he wa5 opposed to
this amendment, but he did not m'end to enter into
any discussion on the subject He presumed every
member of the Sena'e had made up ms mind, and
was prepared to vote without considering discus-
sion necessary.
Mr. ALLEN called for the ayes Bad noesr on his
amendment
Mr WALKER said, he was wholly unconscious
that any movement would be made on  this ques-
tion m the Senate, until he heard the motion of his
friend from  Ohio   [Mr.   Allen ]   The  motion,
however, was made, and he was called upon to re-
cord his vote on the subject    The clause in the
Constitution is, "In ca=e of the removal of the Pre
sident from office, or his death, resignation, or ina-
bility to discharge the powers and dunes of the said
office, the same shall devolve on the Vice President,
and the Cong ess may, by law, proviae for the
case of removal, death, íesignatioi, or inability,
both   of  the    President    an i    Vice    President,
declaring     what    officer    shiil    then    act   as
President,    and    such    officer    shall   act    ac-
cordingly,   until   the disability   be   removed,  or
a President shall be elee'ed."    Now here are sepa-
rate and distinct contingencies, fust, the death of
the President, or, secondly,jthe death of the Presi
dent and Vice Piesident    In the fir-t case, the of-
fice of President devolves on the Vice President m
the other case, there is to be an act.ng President de-
signated by law.    Congress  are to appoint by law
some officer to "act as President until the disability
be removed,  or   a President   shall   be   elected "
In the last case,  then, there is to be an acting
President, not for the  unexpired term of the de-
ceased President,  but until an  actual President
shall be chosen.    In the cab"", tnen, of the death of
the President and Vice Pres dent, an officer desig-    I
nated by law is merely to act as P cident, until the
actual President ^hall b= ciosen     But in the case
of the death of the President, "the   said   office"
"shall devolve   on   the   V.ce   President"    Tne    |
language  i«,  "the   same  shall   dev lve"   What
shall   devolve'   The    immedia e    antecedent    is
"the said office," and it is a ru'e of grammatical   ,
construction, as well a^ 01 coirmon sense, that the
immediate antecedent to connee'eu with the adjec
uve which follows.   It is then the  office that de-
volves on th« Vice President    He u not the Vice
President ac'mg as President, as m the connngen- ,i
cy of the death of tne Presioent and Vice President,   |
bat he   cease-! 10  be  the Vice President, he is no    l
longer  the   Vice   Pres dent,   a^d   ihe tfn.ee   of '
President is   devolved upon  h ra     Is Mr    Ty-   |
ler   still   tne Vice   President   discharging  aldi-
tional duties?   It   so,  why  is he n t   h<re per-    i
firming the duties of Vice Piesi em?   Could he-
come here 'and act as Vice Piesident lor a single   .
moment?   Surely not, because he has ceased to be
the Vice President, for the reason that the Consti-
tution has devolved on him  th  office  of Presi-
dent, which office he holds for ihe entire term for
which the Prestdent was   chosen.     This  is   the
language and the meaning of the Constitution, and
when m the one case, that of the death of the Pre-
It wa- easy to conceive that temporary disability
of a President was a case likely more frequently to
occur than ht> death Duringapenodof overfifty
years but one death had occuired Disability might
of en happen, and 11 the Senatoi 's doctrine should be
e-tablished.themost fearful tonvulsioMmightfollow
For tnib reason Mr. A wished the question settled
He repe?ted his assurance that it was no paltry de-
sne to withhold from the ofiicer now at the head
of tbe Government tt-e dignity of a pa t cular ti 1 ,
whi h induced han 0 move the p'opo ed amend-
ment, all he emended for was, that, in perform rg
a solemn official act, the Sena'e should employ
stnetly constitutional language Tne Constitution
declared that the powers and duties of the Presi-
dential office shoald, m case of the President's
death, pass to—whom? To the Vice President
Bat how could they if there was no Vice President!
Aid how could the same man be both Vice Presi-
dent and not Vice Presidsnt at the same time* He
asked his friend from Mississippi to answer that
question.   If there was no Vice President, then the
Constitution could confer nothing upon him.
Mr. CALHOUN made a few remarks to the
effect that as none of those "circumstances existed
which had been supposed, there could be no special
occasion for discussion of this subjeet.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to—ayes 38, noes 8, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Allen, Benton, Hendetson, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Tappan, Williams, and Wright—8.
NAYS—Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of Ky.
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Hun-
tington, Iter, King, Manguia, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Nicholson, Pierce, Porter, Pientiss,
Preston, Rives, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Ind.
Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, White,
Woodbndge, Woodbury, and Young—38.
The question was then taken on ihe adoption of
the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive, and Mr. Huntington and Mr. Archeb were
appointed the committee on the part of the Se-
nate.
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the joint cotnmittee
appointed to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses had assembled, and were ready to receive
any communications he might be pleased to make,
reported that they had performed that duty, and
that the President had replied that be would imme-
diately make a communication to them in writing.
A message w^s received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Tywsa, his Private Se-
cretary.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The CHAIR submitted to the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, which was
read, and is as follows.
To the Senate and
House of Representatives efthe United States.
Fellow citizens You have been assembled in
your respective halls of legislation under a procla-
mation bearing the signature of the illustrious ci-
tizen who was so lately called by the direct suffrages
of the people to the discharge t)f the important
functions of their chief executive office. Upon the
ex->iracon of a single month from the day of his
installation, he has paid the great debt ot nature,
leaving behind him a name associated -ssiih the re-
co lee ion of numerous benefits conferred upon the
'country during a long life of patno ¡e devotion
With this pub'ic bereavement are connected o'her
considerations which will not escape the attention
of Congress. The preparations necessary for his
remova1 to the seat of Government in view of a re-
sidence of four yea's must have devolved upon tbe
late President heavy expenditures, which, i£ per-
mitted to burden the limited resources of his pri-
vate fortune, may tend seriously to the embarrass-
ment of his smvivwg family, and it is ibeiefore
respectfully submitted to Congress whether the or-
dinary principles of justice would rot dictate the
propriety of its legislative interposition. By the
provisions of the fundamental law, the powers and
duties of the high station to v.hich he was elected
have devolved upon me, and m the di pon'ions of
the representatives of the States and at the people
will be found to a great extent a solnnon of the
problem to which our institutions are for the first
time subjected
In entering upon the duties cf this office, I did
not feel that it would be beeemmg m me to disturb
what had been ordered by my lamented prad  ces-
s ir. Whatever, therefore, may have been my opi-
nion, or ginally, as to the propriety o. convening
Congress at so ea-Iy a day from th"1 ot 1 ¡> late ad-
journment, I found a new aoda c ntrol'mginduce-
ment not to mterl re with the patno ic desires 01
the late Present, in the novelty of tv «1 «anon
in which I was so unexpectedly plac * I My first
wish under sach circuiri'tancei would n"t rnly
have been to have called to my aid, 11 ne admi-
nistration of publ.e afairs, the combined vitdom
of the two Houses of Congress, m tr er to take
their counsel and advice as to the best mode of ex-
tricating the Government and tne country from the
embarrassments weighing heavily 01 both I am
then most happy in finding myself so soon after
