8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
command of a large military force, sheuld a neces-
sity for one arise, is founded as well in economy
asm true wisdom. Provision is thus made, upon
filling up the rank and file, which, can > eadily be
done on any emergency, for the mtroduc" i. n of a
system of discipline both promptly and effic cutty.
AH that is required m time of peace is to mam am
a sufficient number of men to guard our fortrfua
tions, to meet any sudden contingency, and to en-
counter the first shock of war. Our chief reliance
must be placed on the militia They constitute
the great body* of national guards, and, inspired by
an ardent love of country, will be found ready at
all times and at all seasons to repair with alacrity
to its defence. It will be regarded by Congress, I
doubt not, at a suitable time, as one of its highest
duties to attend to their complete organization and
discipline.
The state of the navy pension fund requires the
immediate attention of Congress. By the opera-
tion of the act of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled
"An act for the more equitable administration of
the navy pension fund," that*fund has been ex-
hausted. It will be seen from the accompanying
report of the Commissioner of Pensions that there
will be required for the payment of navy pension-
ers, on the first of July next, $84,006 06i, and on
the first of January, 1842, the sum of $60,000
In addition to these sums, about $6 000 will be re-
quired to pay arrears of pensions which will pro-
bably be allowed between the first of Julv, and the
first of January, 1842, making m the whole
|150,006 06f. To meet these payments there is
withm the control of the Department the sum of
#¡88,040, leaving a deficit of $121,966 66* The
public faith requires that immediate provision
should be made for the payment of these sum?
In ojder to introduce into the navy a desirable
efficiency, a new system of accountability may be
found to be mdispsnsalBy necessary. To mature a
plan having for its object the accomplishment of
an end so important, and to meet the just expecta-
tions of the .country, require more time than has
yet been allowed to the Secretary at the head cf
the Department. The hope is indulged that by the
time of your next regular session, measures of ím
portance, in connection with this branch of the
public service, may be matured for your considera-
tion.
Although the laws regulating the Post Office De*
partment only require from the officer charged with
its direction to report at the usual annual session of
Congress, the Postmaster General has presented to
me some facts connected with the financial condi-
tion of the Department which are deemed worthy
the attention of Congress. By the accompanying
report of that officer, it appears that the existing
liabilities of that Department beyond the means of
payment at us command cannot be less than five
hundred thousand dollars. As the laws organ zing
that branch of the public service confine the expen-
diture to its own revenues, deficiencies therein can-
not be presented under the usual estimates for the
expenses of Government. It must therefore be
left to Congress to determine whether the moneys
now due to contractors shall be pa d from the pub-
lic Treasury, m whether that department shall con-
tinue under its present embarrassments It v. ill be
seen by the report of the Postmaster Genera! tnat
the recent letungs of contracts m several of the
Stateshave been made at such reduced raleo of
compensation as to encourage the belief thit if the
department was re'icved from ex sting diflicui'it*,
its future operations might be con ¡acted without
any further call upon the general Treaouiy
The power of appointing to office is one of a
character the most delicate and rcsponsib'e The
appointing power is evermore e\po ed to be led
into error. With anxious solicitude to select <he
most trustworthy for official «tatun, I cannot be
supposed to possess a personal knowledge of the
qualifications of every applicant I deem it there-
fore proper, in this most public manner, to invite,
on the part of the Senate, a just scrutiny into t-'e
character and pretensions of every person whom I
may bring to their notice in the regular frrm of a
nomination for office unless persons every way
trustworthy are employed in the public serv ce,
corruption and irregularity will inevitably follow.
I shall, with the greatest cheerfulness, acquiesce in
the decision of that body, and, regarding it as wise-
ly constituted to aid the Executive department m
the performance of this delicate dutv, I shall look
to its "consent and advice" as given only m fur-
therance of the best interests of the country. I
shall also, at the earliest proper occasion, invite the
attention of Congress to such measures as in my
judgment will be best calculated to regulate and
control the Executive power m reference to this vi-
tally important subjec.
I «hall, also, at the proper season, invite your
at ntion to the statutory enactments for the sup
preo en of the slave trade, which may require to
be reí ered more efficient m their provisions
There 15 íeason to believe that the traffic is on the
increase Whether such increase is to be ascribed
to the abolit on of slave labor m the Buti^h pos-
sessions in oui vicinity, and an attendant dimmu
tion in the supply of those articles which pnter into
the general consumption of the world, thereby aug-
menting the demand from othei quarters, gwd taus
calling for additional laboi, it were needle s to in-
quire The highest consideration- of puohc ho-
no-, as well as the strongest promptings of huma-
nity, require a resort to the most vigoious efforts to
suppress the trade.
In conclusion, 1 beg to invite your particular at
tention to the interests of this District. Ncr do I
eloubt that, in a liberal spirit of legislation, you will
seek to advance its commercial as vt ell as i local
interests. Should Congress deem it to be its duty
to repeal the existing hub Treasury law, the neces
sitv of providing a suitable place of deposite for the
public moneys which may be requued within the
District must be apparent to all
I have felt it to be due to tne country to present
the foregoing topics to your consideration and le
flection Others, with which it might not seem
proper to trouble you at an exliaordmary ses ion,
will be laid before you at a futon day. I am hap-
py in committing the important affa rs of the country
into your hands The tendency of public sentiment,
I am pleased to believe, is towardi the adop ion, in
a spirit of union and hannony, of such rressures a 
will firtifj the public in tere ts To cherish such a
tendency of public opinion is tne ta k of an tleva ed
patnotim T'iat diifo enees or opinion a& to tV
means of accomplisi tag these desirpble oljeets
should exist, is repsonably to be exrj"c ed Nor
can all be made sati ft  d wnh any ■y'-tcm of mea-
sure^ Rut Ifbttei myself with the hope that the
g eat body of tht people will rcidilyni item support
of those whose efforts spina fri m a disinterested c e-
sire to promo e their hanpmev, to pn serve the Fe-
deral and State Governments within tHc irrespective
orbits, to cultivate pnace with a 11! e n-tio « cf tne
earth, on. just rnd InicnbV ¡;rojrd , to expet
obedience to die 'a* , to e-itr°nch hber'y and pr<.
pc-ty in full "nuil.,, i <i consulting tl e most rig d
conomy, to auol sh a i u eies  experts
JOfI\ TYLER
Washington, June 1, lS4i
Mr EVANS wished, if the documents al'uded
to in the President's message were not too volumi-
nous, that iney *ou!d ue read, but tu'iscjunnily
withdrew this lequest
Mr MAINGUM -07fd tha' ten t' ousand op> s
of the Presidents r>f s<g —fi e-nhmdeij ucm
with the document-,—d° pn neo, L ut nb equ-itl,
modified his m t on l> cl -i  i r th  nr nt nj of
five thou and coo - — iftf p hundred o<"iuoa suth
the a"coiiip ti, i r   ucii <k n -,
Mr CjuAY of Ken uO j "die vis very g'iJ
thaf treS *iat> i vn DJo tl Cjrd-a ir 1 a?ie d
lo modify h s i 10 i }y sub t tutu five ihoi s «d
copies, ¡nstesd oi ten Ti "n 'K ni nrtrnojid
bo qui e sufflci-n', c > «ide'-m:- \a t l! e n„v facets
of the country vru «¡¡y tV i,* s->g  a vtir'e c r-
ci ¡afion He (Mr C)ha'rotr rn for ue wr-
fosealcneofssjingtnio bu'n «as glad lo hi>e
in epportun ty of <-xpic smg b s *a s/ae Il/n at
this early prospect of p„j n~ at'en' oi to econo n/
in matter  of detail
Mr C. then mad? ^ome alk ons the to expendi-
tures of 1838,mwhch he vid agrca'er amount
had been expended for coa úngeseles (han h?d been
oxp=nded for the same purposes in the four years
ef Mr Adams's administration
Mr.CALHOUN said he was glad to hear such sen-
timents of economy expressed. He hoped this spirit
of economy would be carried out m every depart-
ment, and that it would be considered the circum-
stances of the country called for it. This economy
might save the necessity of increased taxation He,
for one, would not consent to any increase until the
most rigid economy was first tried, and after that
it should be found necessary.
Mr. PRESTON made a few remarks in relation
to printing such proportion of ihe documents as
should be justified by their importance, or difficulty
from size of obtaining circulation through the
newspapers
Mr. BUCHANAN said he wa giad to find the
Senator from Kentucky so much in favor of eco-
nomiz ng. He should evei find him (Mr B )
ready to concur with him in all reasonable efforts
to curb expenditures Allusion had been made to
the extravagant expenditure for stationery supplied
to Congress He had himself used, he believed,
more of that stationery than any other mem-
ber, with the exception, perhaps, of the Sena-
tor from New Yoik Much of it had been nsed in
answers to applicant*, for office Tnat necessity no
longer existed , that day had gone by, and he and
the Senator from New York v. ould economize m
that particular But, although he admitted he had
used a greater quantity of siationery than any other
Senator, with the exception before made, yet he be-
lief ed the value of what he had used at any
one session never exceeded $20 He thought
some arrangement might be made by which each
Senator and Member of Congress would be charged
with the stationery supplied to h m He did not,
however, intend to urge this at present, but merely
threw out the suggestion.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted
Mr. CLAY moved that the Senate would, on
to-morrow, proceed to the election "f the standing
committees, which was agreed to
Mr CLAY also gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, move for a select committee on so much
of the President's message as relates to the currency
and the finances, with a view of suggesting such
remedy as should be deemed advisable
A Senator having asked Mr C the nature of the
remedy be proposed,
Mr. CLAY said 1 e proposed a Natirnal Bank.
The Senate then adjourned, at 2 o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, June 1, 1841.
Aftei the journal of jesterday had been read,
he first business m order was 'he   following  ie^o-
ution offered by Mr Wi*e on Monday ei e-ung
Resolved, Tnat the standing riles and orders of
the last House of Representares be adopted as
the rules and orders of th s House for the next
ensuing ten days, snd that a commute? of nma
remb rs be appom ed to revise said rules and
orders, and to report thereon withm the said ten
days
Whisb not.on Mr Unjerwood Lad moved to
amend as folio /s
Strike out all afier the word "Resolved," and in
sert, "That a committee of nine ne appointed to
revise, amend, and repo't rules tir the goverr ment
of this House, and Hut, until such committee
make retort ana th  ame ^e fina ly accd upon,
th  ruies and rd-rs o «he last Hou e of Represen-
tatives shall oe cons dered as the rules and order*
of lb. s Hoase
Which mot.on Mr Aimms moved to an-nd
by inserting af pi «House of Representatives" the
wo.rds except ng the 2lst mle, which i, heieby
r"sc nded "                                                            '
Th° 21st rule is as follows.
"No petit on, memoral, l-'solut on, or other pa-
per-praying the abo! t.on of slavery m the District
of Columbia or any State o- Ter tory, or the slave
t'ade between th  S a es and Territories of the
Ui ited States in whicn « n-w exists, shall be re-
ceived by this House, or entertained m anyway
whatever."                                                     '      J
Mrdw,oqT?csllonfce!1ácn tms amendmert,
Mr. vyjfeji suggested the propriety of postpon-
ing me further consideration  of the isolation for
the praent, m order that the House might respond
