to the courtesy of the Senate, etc and more espe-
cially as the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
mover of the amendment, was not then in his seat.
After some debate of a conver-ational character,
in which Messrs WISE, PICKENS, and Mc-
KAY, participated,
Mr. ADAMS appeared and'addressed the House
at considerable length, msupport of his amendment.
As regarded Ibe proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr Wisf] to adopt the rules of
the last House until farther order, be said h*
confessed he felt very indifferent. He had known
this Hou^e long enough to be assured that it was
of very Utile consequence what the rules were.
The rule was, and uoald be, the will of the ma-
jority , that probably was the best of all. Hereto-
fore, down to the last Con°res% two-thirds we-e
required to make an alteration m the rules bat
now, he believed, a majority alone was sjfhcient
to change all th  rules He was, therefore, ^dif-
ferent as to wnat the House might do with its rules,
with the single exception of the 21st uile, because,
whatever rules might be adopten, they would
always be suspended whenever ther  was a i ajo-
nty in favor of suspending them And t th" jour-
nals of the last House were consu W, he c'oab'ed
whether it would be foand that an/ one measure
ot the Hou«e had been adopted under the regular
application of the rules.
Mr. A here gave the results of his exp°r ence
in relation to the vmptovement of the ru'es, by rofer-
nng them to committees He believed ihct a m¡ >-
ple rule providing that a11 the proceedings of th's
House should be according to fe vo'e of the majo-
rity, would probably be better than the volume
which we had compiled, and which it 'eemed was
now to be further added to—and which, it seemed I
to him, did nothing but consume so ranch of the
time of the House every day as was necessary to
their suspension.                                                       i
This 21st rule was passed on the  23th of Ja u-  I
ary, 1840, and a majority of tie Hou e 've well  |
acquainted with the manner m wh-ch it passed    It
passed when a majority of the then present mem-
bers of the House were anxious above all things
not to be thought Abolitionists, and most espec ally
the members Iron the South.    The membe s from
the South were afraid thtt if they  did not jo e f r
this rule, they would b   et down Yi their co"stitr¡.
ents  as  Abolitionists, and we remember'd   the  .
somewhat «range, not to say edi'ymg se°nes   huh
took place in ibis  House   uider   the e  Uiutua!  I
charge-s of Abohuop'sm                                            .
It was necessary, m order to mah pol t (H c-p -
tal, for all the members from the Sou a and nil the
members from he North, who were in the true po-  j
litical allegiance of that day, to prove that tley  I
were not Abolitionists, and Imall/, a gen lemán,   j
certainly not an Abolitionist, but a Southern gentle-  |
man, a sound Wmg, an influential member of the  .
H mse—he m'ght say at «¡ira Wbi<",if any thmg— |
contrived at that time to bnrg np th s resolution,
and he, the Whige-t of  the Vv oigs,   urn   ibe
strength of the Kmderhook m?jonty of the Hou -■,   i
added this to the other ru'es.   He did wha No th-
em men w.th Soath-rn principles nevei dare' to   i
propose be'ore him    They had aHaj" stmaled   ¡
against that particular rile     They  knew   h   v   i
odious it wa , they kre how ther cons' ue-t  de-   j
tested it, and they never w re pble tj br i¡> th™
selves to the <crevr.ig point unt 1 l*-e r~    e' v=«    |
brought mfo  th s  House by a Whisr, au thei it
was carried    How carr ed?   By 1^8 ^ga ist 114,  l
a majority of only s \ votes
Mr A hceteau^s ed theCi-ERK to send b m'h 
journal of tne fust ses ion oí  tee  '  t CVng e
irom which he r ad f r th  purpo-,'- of «hovunj
what was the compound of that vo'e
He then proceeded to sav thit he un e uod f1" 
Whigs themselves ma'o ¿reat preen oi to 1
Democrat  Amonp o<her th t s'•"T «erecoi
testing that name u nh their rivals, and he had seen
much in the newspapers about W ug Democracy
Well, the Whigs were at liberty to take what name
they pleased But at the time this íule «as adopt-
ed, the Democrats were the party of the then ex-
isting Administration. The Whigs at that time
founded themselves on the ground of sturdy oppo-
sition to Executive power    How iar they would be
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Whigs in that respect, was a matter about which
we should see more hereafter But, from one vote
given yesterday, he should apprehend that their op-
position to Executive power was beginning to melt
away something like ice in the dog days If he
might take that vote as a standard, he did not think
that the Whies woald be so distinguished for their
opposit'on to Executive power as they were a year
ago. It might probably, therefore, be convenient
for them to take the name of Democrats, and pro-
bably, m the change of things, the Democrats of
last year would become Whigs So tar at least as
Executive power «ent, he thought that was likely
co bs the case
Mr A tlirn went on to -ay, that the rule, at the
time of i's adoption, was most emphatically a De-
mocratic measure It was th" measure of North-
ern men with Southern principles, and a Southern
Whig with Northern principles, ma ""e him,elf their
tool in carrying it out
Another important view of the else, and oise
whicK he was extremely desirous to bring to the
consideration of the House, was tris the geogra-
phical position of partie? North and Souti (Mr
A here explained the vote m that view ) One of
tor worot features of that rule was, that it was a
measure ot the South asanst tie North—it was
the oppression of the people- of the North by the
Qouth, a' a sect rnal mea ur He had demor-
stra'ed, m some lerrafks made by b m at the last
sess,or, tnat no' noie than one m ten of aU ihc pe-
t ' ons com ng from the ncth of Mason and DixonS
lip" was received, w\ilst every one coir ig from
th south of that line was received vi hout hesit?-
t on
Mr A then called attention to cer'rm resolu
nns adop'ed by the Legislature of the S a'e tf
Massachusetts, protesting agair«t the ru'e referred
to, asa violation of tl e Corstitu'ion of the Un led
States, &e and conclude 1 by demanding the yeas
and nays on the a'rendn ent
Mr. WISE said he did not rise for the purpose
or dfbat ng t~e merits of the question, bat to nioiP
that the resolution do for ihe present, lie on the
ta"">'e, which monun was agie°d to
Á message was here received from the Senate
stating that the resolution of the House appo ntmg
a Joint Committee to wait upon the Pre i ent of
th United States had b en coneu red m, rnd that
a committee had been appointed on the p rt of the
Senate
Mr. PÍCKEXS oferel a r solut on providing
that the seats of the House be rumberfd, and that
members draw for them bv lo Mr P s t forth
the evils of th rreser>t mode cf taking seats He
deemed it, to s^y th  lea«t, very unfair, inasrm ch
as those members who happens to reside ne?i 'he
seat of Government could immediately take aJ van-
age of those more distant In many instances
seats were taken immediately after t^e adjourn-
ment of a preceding Congress, *o that r^embes
coming from a distance bad no chanre He (Mr
P ) desired that some rule ra'ght be vJhpied by
■which justice wou'd be secure 1 lo all
Mr CAVE JOHNSON cfl: r d, as a substitute,
a re o'utni piovid pí at rt a.vo\* regu -> ion ce
m-orpora ed into th? = arc1 ncr 1~> of tn<> Hoase
Mr BOTrS w? of ppm oa tlat a^ nemhers
h?d low nken th^ir sea s and apnear d fo be very
crmforiable, the best u ay would oe to a^opt the
rpsolu ion, vith tK" condi'ior, v isvever, that it take
e(T' ct hn soft ".
Tmi proposition can ed^ns 'aush'er, ard seve-
ral members eyclained. '0' i"d ed " "that wou'd
b  ve-y oorift    sb p,"   c
Mr PCPE ="i ha' oy ch"nc* h° rid at last cot
a comt >r av, p c,Pii all(l ap hoped that if tne Rouse
did determine on oia^girs the s ais, h s w^u ^. be
an exc pt in     (Rei ewed kugh -i )
Mr   NÍS8ET hrp d   th- re^olut   n would be
'  adopted, and tb-   it wiu'd'-Ve eif ei at once    He
I   objected t> the present m da of ¡akirg seat , as
!   those memb=rs who live^ near could rati'n a few
eajs after an adjournment ard choose th°ir seate
The fact was, however, the luxuriant sea's now in
use might and ought to be don" away  with alt -
ge'her   They were a great e\ '    Give us, said Mr
N the p'ain benches of the British Houss of Co rt-
mons, and then we shall no longer have the long,
9
prosy, dull speeches with which we are so often
wearied. We shall then go to business at once.
After some further remarks, Mr. N. concluded by
expressing a hope that at least some measure
would be adopted bj which every member might
have the same chance in the selection of a seat.
Mr. SLADE, after referring to the manner m
which the present abuse had grown up, said lie
could not concur in the proposition before the
House in its present shape In his opinion, the
best way would be to give each member, on draw-
ing his chance, not a  eat only, but the choice of a
seat, because it would sometimes happen thatgen-
tlemen would get into an unpleasant neighborhood.
Mr. B KING offered as a substitute, "that the
Speaker cause the desks to be removed from the
hall " Mr. K then made some pointed remarks
in relation to the existing abuses. He contended
that the desks were the root of all the evil. What
th°y needed was, a proper attention to business,
?nd a3 for the choice of seats, it was ail a humbug,
for if things were as they ought to be, a man might
be heard in any part oí the hall.
After some remarks from Mr BIDLACK,
Mr. PICKENS moved the previous question,
subject to the Parliamentary rule, under which tee
amendments were not cut off.
Mr. SLADE asked whether it was in order to
rerew the previous question, when the House had
not as yet adopted any rules
The CHAIR decided that the call for the pre-
vious question was in order.
Mr W COST JOHNSON moved that the whole
subjeci do lie on the table
Mr CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
rays, which were ordered, and being taken, result-
ed as 'ollows yeas 92, nays 119 So the motion
to laj on the table was lost
Mr SERGE4NT, from the committee appoint-
ed to «ait on the President of >the United Slates, on
leave, reported that said committee had performed
the duty assigned them, and that the President had
expressed h s intention to make an immediate com-
mupicauon m writing to boih branches of Congress.
A messsge was received from the President of
the United Stales, by Mr. TsxEit, his Private Se-
cre ary
The Message was then read.
M' BARNARD movtd that th« message and
accompanying documents be laid upon the table,
and tha* they be printed, and that 10 000 extra
copies bo printed for the use of the House, 5,000
to be printed with th" accompanying documents.
Mr BRIGG-S expressed himself in iavor of
pr nling the whole number with the accompanying
do'i. merits, and at his suggestion,
Mr BARNARD mod fi-d ms motion accordingly.
Mr BO ITS asked Mr. Barnard to accept
20 000 as a modiccation. There had been no
period in the history of our country when the peo-
ple w ere 1 okmg with so roach anxiety for the
me ase of the Pres dent of t^e United States,
as 8t the present Um-> For his own part he would
la her sax fifty thousand than twenty thousand.
Mr BERNARD said it was well known to
every body, ihat the President's message was a
document which was published ¡n every portion of
the conntrv There was no nrwspaper which did
not nub i-h it Mr B was therefore, unwilling
thi he H>u<e shou'd order a very large numb r
He w-iuld n it object, however, to printing 15,000
extra copies of he mes age, ten thousand of which
wi h the accompan mg documents
Mi BOTTS moved that 20,000 copies be printed,
j uOO cf whcbshoild b accompannd with the
doeamen's He woull beg leave to remind the
g=n 'eman fiom Ne v York that, although the mes-
sage tvas pubb heu in ¡>U the newspapers, yet there
wai a g "at number of peop « \ibo did not take a
newspaper
M" WILLIAMS of North Carolina hoped that
the r umber would not exceed 10,000
Mr BR1GGS suggested an amendment to the
mot on of Mr Bjtfs, to print 20,000 of the Mes-
«?ge and accompanying documents, which that
gent eman accep ed
Mr. PICKENS =aid he wished not to m'erfere
wnh the course of the majon.y with regard to
prmt ng the Message,   He would acquiesce in any
