CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
citizens of Louisiana had frequently been compelled
to submit to judicial legislation.
So convinced was Mr. B. of the. importance of
the case presented by the memorial, that he desired
it might be referred to the Judiciary Committee,
and might there stand on its own merits. He
looked on all other appointments made or to be
made m Louisiana, as insignificant, in comparison
with ¡his. The appointment being for life, if an
incompetent nwn was once fixed upon the Slate, it
would be a very serious evil, and one without a
remedy.
The memorial was, thereupon, referred to the
Judiciary committee.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Benton yes-
terday were about to come up, when
Mr. CLAY suggested whether it would not be
better for them to lie over until the report could be
received from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
which he felt satisfied that many of the inquiries
would be answeied. He was persuaded that there
was a general disposition to throw as little burden
as possible on the Department in calling for infor-
mation on subjects that mignt not be acted on at
the present S'Ssion. He thought there ou
to be some understanding m the matter, for were
they once to launch on the stream of bus ness,
there would be no telling when the session would be
over.
Mr. BENTON nodded assent, when
Mr. CLAY offered the following resolution-
Resolved, That the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection, safe-keeping, nansfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue" ought to be
forthwi'h repealed, and that the Committee on Fi-
nance be directed to report a bill to that effect.
Mr. C. observed that the resolution he had now
offered was the same in substance with that moved
by him at the la.t ses-bion. Its object was a speedy
repeal of the Sub-Treasury system. It was not his
purpose to discuss the resolution indeed, he hoped
and presumed that no discussion would be deemed
necessary in any quarter, but that the Finance
Committee wou'd be allowed at once to report a
bill. Mr. C said he had come to this session of
Congress with a determination to expedite, so far
as he was concerned, the puolic Vuwness, and, m
attempting this, to observe the utmest kindness and
courtesy towards gentlemen on all sides of the
House. He had not the least desire to deal harsh-
ly with the feelings of any, and he would take the
present occasion to express his deep rcgret and sur-
prise that a casual expression used by aim at the
last session had been most terribly perverted by
the public prints—perverted in a manner and to a
degree he never could have supposed posiblu In
the course of some observations in relation to the
Sub-Treasury, he had said that b.3 wou'd as soon
address an argument on that measure as attempt to.
convince a coavic'ed criminal with the rope round
his neck that his conviction, has been just and right.
Bat the papéis had represented him as having com-
pared the gentlemen of the Senate who differed
from hira m opinion with regard to that measure as
a company of convicts with halléis round their
necks. Mr. C protested to Heaven that nottiing
could be further from his mmd than any such a
thought, on the contrary, he had been sedulously
desirous of svoid.ng any language which could
wound the feelings of ihose whom 11 had been his
misfortune to differ Mr C wa> happ^ m the op-
portunity of making this explanation, although he
telt very suia that it could scarcely be necess\ry in
the view of any gentleman of th? Senate who had
been present at the time. The íesolution he now
effered proposed an immediate r< peal ot the Sab-
Treasury law He wa ready, however, to make
any alteration in the terms of ihe resolu'ion which
should cau>e it to conform to the w.shes of gen-
tleman.
Mr WRIGHT sa d that he should tot interpose
any objection of time, ¡f the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would consent so far to modify the language
of the resoluroa as to make it tHe e'uty of the
ejmrmttee to inquire into toe expediency of repeal-
ing the law in question, Mr. W. would cweriully
v >te for it.
Mr. CLAY replied that he had not the 1mst ob-
lection, and would modify the reso'ution accord-
ingly. Indeed, this was the more necessary since
he believed there were some portions of the law
which it might be expedient to retain.
Mr. CALHOUN said he must confess his great
surprise that a resolution Lke this should have been
offered. The Senate had yesterday, without any
opposition, consented to raise a special committee
of nine to express the views of the Senate on the
entire subject of the finance and currency. After
this, he thought it due to a large portion of the
people of Ihe United States, and also of the mem-
bers of the Senate, that that committee should take
up this matter of the Sub-Treasury as part and
parcel of the general subject committed to them.
Before the Senate was asked to repeal the Sub-
Treasury law, let it know what was intended as
the substitute to be proposed. Repeal involved
substitution. Mr. C. presumed that it had been
the intention of the Senate mat the select commit-
tee should have the whole subject of currency and
finance before them, otherwise it would have been
a most extraordinary course to appoint the commit-
tee, since the subject would regularly have gone to
the Finance Committee. Now, Mr. C. regarded
it as not entirely fair to the American people that
a committee should be required to report on the
repeal of this single isolated measure of the Sab-
Treasury, without giving the country to unders and
what substitute was to be proposed in its stead.
Let gentlemen come out with their projet__a Bank
of the United S ates, or the pet b >nks, or whatever
else it was—so that the Senate and the country
might see the whole question to be considered. He
hoped the Senator from Kentucky would not per-
sist m pressing bis resolution. Was it fair that
those who considered the Sub-Treasury system as
the only constitutional and the only expedient mode
of keeping the finances of ihe Government,should
be called upon, at once, without opportunity for
consideration, to repeal that system blindfold,
without be ng told whpt was to fol'ow1
Mr. CLAY said the Senator could not certainly
have heard the resolution as modified, or he never
would have employed such language in regard to'
it. He called lor the reading of the paper; and it
was read.   It was as follows:
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on F.nance be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency oí repealing
the act entitled ' An act to provide for the collec-
tion, safe keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenur."
Mr. CALHOUN said that he had not heard the
modification, but, even if he had, he should still
have objected to the resolution as modified. There
was aheady a special committee appointed to take
into consideration the whole subject of a fiscal agent
for the safe keeping and disbursement of the public
revenue. He called for the reading of the resolu
Hon specifying the duties of the 'elect comimttep,
which was re, d. Mr. C. said that fh's resolution
certainly embraced the subject of the Sub-Treasu-
ry, which its friends considered as the most perfect
of fiscal agents that could possibly be devised for
the end> to be effected.
Mr CLAY. That may be; but we think no
such thing. Mr C should realty have supposed
inat the Sen? tor from South Carolina would have
forborne t><e remirks he had made if he had heard
the resolution. In a large and libe' al spirit of
concession Mr. C. had at once consented to modify
l' so as to raret the wisnes of the Senator from New
York, [Mr "Wkk.hi.] and had put the resoluti n
in a form which ough to have protected it from re-
marks such «.5 the Senator had made. As to the
position that repeal necessarily involved substitu-
tion, Mr C. differed froui the Senator entirely So
far from this,it there was to be no substitute urder
heaven for the Sub-Treasary scheme if repealed,
he would nevertheless repeal it, and tipt in dete-
renee to the declared will of the people of the Uni-
ted States But theie was no concealment, ro mys-
tery intended. Mr. C would teli the honorab'c
Sena oi, at once, and with all fiank. ess, what he
went for, and what he believed h s friends who act-
ed with him meant to go for—and that was a Bank
of the United States That was the object in view.
But as the architect, before he erected a building,
firn cleared away the rubbish which occupied and
encumbered the ground on which it was to stand,
so the friends of a National Bank desired first fo
remove this Sub-Treasury scheme clean out of the
way. When they had done that,'then they were
prepared to move in the direct accomplishment of
their object. When they had got a clean and fair
sheet oí paper before them, then they should be
prepared to inscribe upon it whatever a majority of
the Senate might deem most expedient for the "pub-
lic good. Mr. C. again observed that he bad hoped,
after yielding at once to the wishes of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wright,] the resolu-
tion in its modified shape would have encountered
no opposition from any quarter.
Mr. CALHOUN repeated that the modification
of the resolution had not met his ear; but he must
s ill object. He knew perfectly well that the ojaly
alternative was the Sab-Treasury or a Bank of tbe
United States; hence it was that m 1837 he had
taken ground against the one and in favor of the
other. The Senator had observed that an architect
pulled down first and built up afterward1!. This
was a metaphor, but metaphors did not always turn
out to be sound arguments. The position of the
Senator might b  true in architecture, but it was
not true m legislation. The mere repeal of the
Sub-Treasury would reinstate the pet bank system.
The creation of a Bank of fhfi United States would
supersede the pet banks. He could not vote for
the resolution at all, especially since the avowal of
the Senator.
Mr. CLAY rejoined. The resolution adopted
by the Senate yesterday for the appointment of a
select committee on the subjects of finance and of a
fiscal agent, did not cover this matter of the sub-
Treasury, for the duties of that committee rather
looked to an increase of the revenue*; but even if
it did, this act of repeal was an implied exception.
Ml. C said be most heartily concurred with the
sentiment expressed by the Senator from South Ca-
rolina, thv the only alternative before the nation
was the Sub-Treasury or a Bank of the United
States. Undoubtedly; there was no other alterna-
tive. The Senator, with great manliness, had ad-
mitted this; so had the other Senator, [Mr.
Wright,] on a former occasion; it had always been
Mr. C's own conviction, and he was glad to hear
the fact so frankly admitted in that quarter. The
only alternative, then, being a Sub-Treasury or a
Bank of the United States, and the people of the
United States having most decidedly and unequivo-
cally comaemned and repudiated the Sub-Treasu-
íy, it only remained that Congress should provide
in due season a Bank of the United States. But
this was not a session for talking; it was pre-emi-
nently the season for action. The day of judg-
ment is come, (said Mr Clay, with great empha-
sis and animation,) the day of judgment, I hope,
is c me—at least to our political world.
Mr. CALHOUN said that when he had before
remarked that there was but one alternative beside
the Sub-Treasury, he meant to be understood that
political parties in the country had so rallied on
these two measures that there was, practically, no
other alternative But ih re were other alternatives
which might be ad< piad. The pet bank sj st< m was an
alternative, thcugn in practice it was but a "half-
way house" on the ro,id to a Bank of ihe United
States. The Suiator h mself had so designated it,
&nfl had declared himsslf content to lodge in it for
a year ir Wo. But Mi C had always know  that
it mu t come to a National Bank at last, if the
sub-Tiea'-ur, were one abandoned It was m
this wtw 'hat he h.d resisted this scheme in 1837,
and should continue to resist it in all its stages.
M- RIVES sail he should vote for the resolu
tion, not on ihe ground that, if the Sub-Treasury
were repealtd, me only other alternative mast tie a
Bank or the United S ates. He thought there were
m-ny alternatives. The Presi'ent in his message
had índicat' d several. There were the State bank*,
there was tn-United States Bilk, as formerly or-
ganized, and lb. re was a fi cal agent which might be
marked tuba very d ffeient character The remo-
val of the Sub-Trea'ury «ou d at 1 ast narrow the
fie d of choice. Ii that shou'd b? tarown aside,
the Senate arght  ooner reach a d"cision as to what
should bo substduLd Dr it. He entire'y agreed
with the President, that a lan.e majority of tbe
people of the United S'ates had unequivocally coc
