CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
The SPEAKER íephed that the Chair consider-   I
ed that the unanimous consent of the   House had
been given to the presentation of the resolutions of  i
the gentleman from New York on a former day.
Mr. CLIFFORD said that when those resolu-
tions were offered on a former day, be bad risen
and distinctly objected to their reception.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood the resolutions
to have heen simply read for trie information of the
House.
The SPi- \KER said that as yet no rales had
been made to regulate the order of the business of
the House. The priority of business was w thin i
the control of the House, and the question would
now be put whether the House wou'd consider the
resolutions at this tims?
And ths question having been propounded and
the House having partly divided—
Mr. McKAY said it seemed to him that the
course propesrd by the gent eman from New York '
[Mr Earmibd] na novel ana extraordinary Tne
first business, o he House htid heretofore been to
determine the number of standing committees to be
appointed, and then to adon the usual resolution
that the Speaker should appoint these committees
But the proposit on of the gent'eman from New
\ork was, that the fpeaker should appoint certain
committees before it had been decided what com-
mittees should be appointed. What reason was
tnere that this should be done' He could see none,
and he hoped the Hcu^e would insist on the usual
preliminary movements
Mr. CLIFFORD was proceed.ng to express h s
opinion on the extraordinary proposition of the
gentleman from New York—
When Mr MALLORY rose 10 a point of order.
He desired to know whetner this debate was in or-
der unti'tne House should have deeded thn it
would take up and oonsikr the resolutions. The
question wí on reception, and upon lh->t question
the House was d vidng wien the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] rose to addiess the
House.
Aftei some debate of a conversational character
in relation to w point of ordei,
The SPEAKER dee did tuat the question being
one of pno-itv of bjs n?ss, was í t debatable.
Mr CLTFFORD said i e w¿s perfectly willing
the quest on should be tak<r>; out thot if it was to
be deba'ed, he should c'a m the flooi.
Mr. BARNARD wish-d the Hous-, he said, to
understand how the qu s ion st< ~d. The ie«olu-
tions for the consideration of \ hich he now a«ked,
were presented by him on Tue any last They
were presented and real, and, on his os *n motion,
were laid upon the table for future consideration,
and there could, therefore, be no question of recep-
tion, as claimed by the gentleraai from Virgin a,
[Mr. Mallory ] Ths question now to be decided
was whelh* i the House would take up and con-
sider thes  esolutions
Mr. MALLORY -aid he di 1 not understand tbe
gentleman 'rora New York [Mr. Barnard] the
other day as moving '■> ,d,y tin e ¡esjlufoa  ( n the
table, but as «imp y a king that they might be read
for the information <f tV House.
Mi. BARNARD and Mr. CLIFFORD rising to
address ihe C an —
Mr M4.LLORY ca 'ed both «¡e./'emen to order
Mr BARNARD mqui ,d .f th° fcPi.A¿ER what
was the qn°- >i n I "fore the House?
The SPEAKER a d ¡hero w,m,obf, the House
having refu el  o con-Je, th   qi  ton
Mr. EAR ÍARD  t iqui.ta w1 en the Hou^e hod
so refund?    A dn, «ion v?s a I'    for and partly
made, but no docisi n was an ourced
After so" e e n' ersation on i'.. pen,
Mr. BRIG3S a«=ked t.i th-  ¿«ding of the reso
lutions, which navng be iuad,
Mr. B4.RNAPD sird ha the H-we vas ih n,
probably from a rr> s<.p 'eh nsrn a*  to the hour
of meeting.    He knew i-ere ¡mí oeen  soma miv-
apprehe" 101 on that point.    He  would move a
call of the lion e.
After some conversation on a DOxnt of Older,
The question was taken, and tha House refused
to order a call.
And the question recurring on the consideration
of the resolutions, the House refused to consider
them at this time
RULES *OF THE HOUSE.
Mr UNDERWOOD moved the taking up and
censideration of the r<solution and amendments
heretofore offeied in relation to the rules of the
last Home, and which had on Tuesday been lai
on the table.
The motion having prevailed, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution here,
tofore offered by Mr. Wise, which is m the fol-
lowing w«dc:
Resoh ed, That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives be adopted as
the ru es and orders of this House for the next en-
suing ten riaj s, and that a committee of nine mem-
bers be ppointed to revise said rules and orders,
and to r, part thereon withm ihe said ten days.
Which resolution Mr U&di-rwood had hereto-
fore moved to amend as 10I o !:
Strike out all after the word "Resolved," and
insert, "That a committee ot nine be appointed to
reviie, amend, and report rules for the government
of this Hou e; and that, until such committee
make report, ard the same be finally acted upon,
the rule1- and orders of the last House of Represen-
tatives shall be considered as tne rules and orders
of th s House "
To wbHi amendment Mr Ab,ms had hereto-
fore offered the following amendment: After the
words "House oí Repiesenunvts," insert the
words "exc°p'aig ths 21st rule, wuit-h is hereby re-
scinded.-'
(The 21st rule prohibits the reception of Aboli-
tion petituns )
And ti e questoi being on tb  amendment of
Mr An sms —
Mr UNDERWOOD sa d he was somewnat in-
dia", rent whether the amendment  piopo^od by U,
gen'leman ítom ¡Va -<¡"hj<ei -  [Mi   Adams] per-
vaded or nrt     He ("r U)  r.o"-*ht tuat, in all
pr babil l¡   it wou'd b4 proper to adow ! entltm>n
from  'he North  to di.cjss-  ¡his   quejón  of the
right of petition     He <vas wiling to meet the-n,
and to sive ihe n his views on this siiojeet, as he
had wished to do some yea's ag\ but at that time
he was cut off by the previous ques'tcn     He did
n t tbin'f debate cou d be prever ted, cnd he was
wi'ling to  meet the cons ^aences ot it now, as
well a at anj o>iiet time.   Indeed, as a Soutbern
man and a s jvi hclder, hs was o^suous to see the
position whici. Nor h^rr men int nd-d  to occup)
clearly bid cpen.    He, for cne, wrs not affaid of
it.   And he  j 1 c would take occasion <o say ihat,
i>, his op,3.011, the resol.itio.,3 re?d by the gentle-
man from Massacau-etts [ vlr   Adíms]   ihe other
day dd not iaifiv   pre ent   the qieston      He
thought, however, mat the Forre should  t^at pe-
tition, on ths  subject   wit    great   re«p^ci   and
ih' uld assign us reasons for .^e rejection of such
pptnitn , a-d a few jears he (Mr. Ü } had pro-
p seu to as"gn upon the record reasons  why pel-
üons  for th' abolition of s'avery, cmipg noir
the North, shou'd   n-t be  icceived       The man-
ner   in   wk (.1   tbose   peli'ior   nad been   treat d
heie,   and   ú e  u e    v;uch  politic ans b<d made
oí   them,  huí    'fl   t>   t1 c    uiptsiion t.ia* the
peop'e  o* thf   Nor ,1 \ ere irsa  ed— vu>e ir a ed
with   ti^ie fee,   >_ad,   u   1. j^eqa we   of   lob,
indignan a had   bnn   rased   a ant   our    pro
ceed ii> * h re, w 1 n, it the 'rue   tate of the ci,e
had oetn made k"owr,   th"e   cou  '   have b ei
no grojiil f t sutil a.i inter..«-c-    The s'andi ?
Tdle^of th>   iic -  aii ay>  1  qaii^d  the  meinbei
pi-e^-e 1 ii 3 a iVt t. 11 0 ¡1 ve a br tt si 'emeut 01
die eo'it nts of ih   x   t 101, u on hat s «' >r>ent 0
!   uo s it was 'bat n   H u^e acted, aid h* w« td
'j  the pe p'e to be   nfor ned mat, in« ¿ d of   t rr
treated di rt-D'-cni'i/ tl,c r pe'Lots  ' ue a^ ed
unt.ii on ymaa's,   111 he vou'd be pi? >' to see th-
Hoase aao t sone pnaciple v,h ch  a J sho •? ihe
reascu- whv the e veil' ors=l.oud¡ic bjre>"-A d
It was no u.s 1  sh to go into a g<-ia>-<u a'scj-sion,
he thou^nt t.a1,   f tha   were  dine,  thj He ase
wouid ^e kept  ^ e !   'iter wee^ debi ,• g the sub-
ject, t) tue detnment of she great made.s oí pub-
lic ccneannaeni ía íefererce f> whu-h 'hey had
Deen called toge-her.   And, for his own part, for
I   the purpose oí avoiding that diccussion, he would
sooner consent to the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and reserve the question for
discussion at some future day. The debate, if
once entered upon, would not terminate for weeks;
and he hoped, therefore, that all the members on
different sides of the House would restrain their
inclinations to discuss the question. The time, the
occasion wh'ch convened them, the business before
Congress—all these considerations seemed to him
to be so many strong arguments against going into
the general discussion.
As to the amendment proposed by himself he
would say a single word The resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wise] allowed the
committee ten days. The effect of his (Mr. U's)
proposition, if carried, was not to restrain the com-
mi tee m point of time, but to adopt the rales and
orders or the last House unM the committee should
report; and that he conceived was the only difference
betreen. bis proposition and that of the gentleman
from V.rgi'iia.
Mr. WISE here said he was willing to accept
the amendment of Mr. Underwood as a modifica-
tion cf his own
Mr.  UNDERWOOD then resumed, and pro-
ceeded to ctate some facts illustrative of the cor-
rectness of the opinion expressed ny him the other
dav, and which he now repeated, that there was a
necessity for a radical change m the rules of the
House.   He instanced especially the cases, first,
of time lost at a former session m merely compel-
ling the attendance of the members, which he de-
monstrated to have been n.neleen days.   Second-
ly, the time lost in the discussion of preliminary
arrangements in the distribution of subject  amongit
the appropr ato committees.   And, lastly, the cases
oi a*sa 1 s arid batteiíes.    He h¡>d, m the course of
his e.¿i eriPi ee   heard language 01 the most offen-
s va c . rtc c  apphed by members to e-tch other—
-ngütt;t,e wh ch hi, mouth ?nould not utter.   He
had "een assaults and ba'tenes committed in this
House ris.it undt r th° nose of the Speaker, and in
no instance had the partv offending been made ac-
countable for his conduct.   Heretofore, in such
cases, ,be House had attempted to act under the
broad Parliamentary law of Great Britain—a law
wmch wss not spec.fic, which did not define  the
offence, norp-ejcnbt the punishment, and the con-
sequence was, when the House came to apply it,
trey found they could do nothing at all.   The
couHPLtee to.be dppc.r< d on tne rules should take
up this subject also.   Tne House must legislate; it
must definp the offeree and prescribe the punish-
men1, and when th 1 was don -, the House would
h.\t aplran rule or pet on before it, and not be
1 it atiargt tu tac uncertain provision  of the Par-
liamentary law.    Tins, in his judgment, was a
mj*t important mat.er; and he did wish that while
the rules were under investigaiion the committee
might tike charge of this subject also.    If some-
thing was not done, we should witne"s the same
scenes here aga n that we had witnessed hereto-
ioie
ft WIPE 0.1 ¡wed at some leng h. He refer-
red to t .c cilons He h' I made on a former day to
biing iti.o question to a  closi without debate.   He
I h .d been 1 ¿«st inxious to a^o'd d scission, espe-
c r.i y on t e am ='idm^nt of the gentleman from
¡   V,.\ , dias-ct s, [Mi   adíms,] because he regarded
I it „ tietf t'i"i os. (Jc'icatr mat ers 'hat could be
t^ri e i Cat thr gem'em.tn from Massachusetts,
b', i 11 mar''s subm t cd m.-11 .er da", had com-
1 - ie.i hi 'i (Vlr .v" ) to make a few observations.
Au1 he pnp s_d .to,v u not.ee one or two of the
le .1 ik cf that g.nt.eman, and wmch were cer-
t- .i a ounutigio him We hat be^n told by
t. > «p..üe ,1 11 t. a' th • 21st rub was an Admims-
1 on m,a a t—a measure of the last Admimstra-
t,0 ,—nat it was a proposition which the Wbigs of
ins lieu e would n-ver have attempted to carry
t ¡roa h, ard the g ntlcman from Massachusetts
ni   niaue a covert appeal t> the Whigs of this
I Ho etort-v^rse that ueisure. And if he (Mr.
W ) nal rig.1 \j ua^^rs o^d the gentleman, he ra-
in =ndec. to -ay nat it «uuid b* tne po'icy of the
r'-sjnt Ad piats.ra ion to re 'erse mat rule. He
(Mr W ) d'd not know what the gentleman de-
fined to be ¡he Administratis, if, by the Adminis-
tration, he meant the Executive now in power,
