i 6                                               CONGítESIONAL GLOBE.
he (Mr. W.) undertook to say that the Executive
•would never countenance the introduction of the
topic of abolition into these halls. If the gentle-
man could state for the Whig party on his side of
tie Potomac here that it was now their policy to
introduce abolition petitions, he (Mr. W.) would
say that upon that point he was not advised. He
would wait to see.
But the gentleman had gone even farther. He
had not only said that the rule was a measure of
the Van Buren Administration, but that that Ad-
imnistratíeá was either the tool of the few Whigs
who supported the rule, or that they were the tools
of the last Administration. He (Mr. W.) would
say that the gentleman had no authority, no
data, no foundation whatever for such an asser-
tion. It was altogether the creature of his own
imagination—an imagination that was very much
bewildered, bedizened, and prejudiced upen this
subject.
Mr. W. then followed Mr. Abams in his exami-
nation of the material of which the vote on the 91st
rule was compounded, and proceeded to say that
it now remained to be seen whether we would
as we stood befóte, and who would desert their po-
sition on this question. It remained to be seen
whether his Whig party here would make one of
its first acts an act of reversal of the proceedings
of the last Administration upon this very subject
of Abolition. Until they did so, he would still have
confidence in his Whig brethren on ihis subject.
The getleman from Massacfensetls seemed to imply
that the reversal of this measure was to be an Ad-
ministration measure. What authority had the
gentleman for saying so, when he who represented
the State of Massachusetts in the Cabinet itself—
the Secretary of State himself coming from the
State of Massachusetts—had declared in the capital
of Virginia that he would never interfere with the
interests of the South on this subject?
The gentleman had said this was a question of
the South against the North—that it was a mea-
sure to oppress the North. He (Mr. W.) denied
it. He reversed the gentleman's proposition, and,
if thare were any truth in either proposition, it was
in that which asserted that it was ths case oí the
North—no, not of the North—but of a few fana-
tics of the North—a very small and insignificant
portion of the North, (though a portion ably re-
presented here, and potentially represented in the
country through the pulpit, the pfess, and the
school,) to oppress the South.
Mr. W. here replied to that portion of the argu-
ment of Mr. Adams at the present and past ses-
sions of Congress, which assumed that nine out of
ten of the petitions coming from the north of Ma-
son and Dixon's line were rejected. They were
petitions, to be sure, but they were petitions for no
grievances of their own, but in relation to griev-
ance* which they who knew not of them ought
not to bear.
The gentleman had had certain resolutions read,
emanating from the Slate oí Massachusetts, to
show that this rule was unconstitutional. He (Mr.
W.) would like to know how ¡hose resolutions
came upon the journals. Under the operation of
this 21st rule, it was a paper in relation to the abo-
lition of slavery, and, as such, although coming
from the State of Massachusetts, ought not to have
been received under that rule. The resolutions
asserted that this rule was a denial of the right of
petition.   He denied it.
The resolution  referred to are as follows:
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACI1USET3.
In  the year  one ihousand   night   huudied  and
forty.
Resolves concerning the denial by  the  United States
House of Representatives of the right of petition.
Resolvd, That the resolution which Was adopted
by the House of Representatives of the United
Stales on the twenty eighth oi January, eighlern
hundred and forty, n.imely, "That no petition,
memorial, resolution, or other p iper paying for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
or any State -or Territory, or the slave trade between
the States or Territories of the United Stales in
which it now exists, shall be received by the
House, or entertained in any way whatever,"is-re-
garded by this Legislature as a palpable violation
of the Constitution of the United States, a bold de-
nial of inalienable rights, and stretch of power
which can never be quietly submitted te by a free
people.
Resolved, That, in the name of the people of
this Commonwealth, this Legislature enter its
solemn protest against the said standing rule, as
being void in its inception and of no binding force
upon the people or their representatives.
Resohed, That it is the indisputable right of any
portion of the people of this country, however
mistaken in their views or insignificant in number,
at any tinie to petition Congress for a redress of
grievances, or what to them may seem such; and
that Congress is bound to receive all such pe-
tions, and given them a respectful and deliberate
consideration.
What, continued Mr. Wise, was the right of pe-
tition? The Constitution of the United States was
positive, that the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and petition the Government for the re-
dress of grievances should not be abolished. He
appealed to the good sense of the reasoning por-
tion of the Northern people to say how far Ibis
right extended. It extended exactly to that point
where the right of the legislator commenced. Mr.
W. here traced the right of petition, under the
Constitution, through all its various gradations, to
the very point of having those petitions presented,
and a statement of their contents heard by Con-
g;ess. All that he granted. After that had been
done, Congress was not bound to take any action
whatever. This argument Mr. W. carried out at
considerable length; demonstrating, at the same
time, that Congress, lor fifty years in succession,
had received, considered, deliberately acted upon,
and finally rejected more than one million of there
petitions. Mr. W. closed by a brief allusion to the
injurious results which must follow to the business
of Congress, and the harmony of a third portion
of the Wnion, if the subject wers to be permitted
to be discussed and agitated here.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON obtained the floor, and
several voices were heard crying for the previous
question; which, however, Mr. 3. said he would not
move.
Mr. EVERETT asked Mr. J. to give way, to
enable him to submit a motion that the subject be
laid on the table for the present, in order that a re-
solution might be introduced that would so far or-
ganize the House as that its business could be pro-
ceeded with.
Mr. JOHNSON declined to give way. He was
not, he said, in the House the other day when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] made
his remaiks on his proposed amendment, but he
had cast his eye over them as published. This
and olher considerations induced him (Mr. J.) to
trespass for a brief space upon the consideration of
the House. And, at the outset, he deemed it due to
himself to say that the gentleman (although he
might have presented his own impressions and
opinions) had not presented the history of the reso-
lution which he (Mr. J.) had offered. The gentle-
man, in his remarks, was reported as having said
that the 2Utrule "was the measure of the Northern
man with Southern principles; and a Southern man
brought in that rule and made the Northern man
with Southern principles and the party of which he
was at the head his tools, or made himself their tool
to carry out that rule."
Mr. ADAMS here rose and made a brief expla-
nation in relation to the resolutions from the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, referred to by him the
other day, and tor which another set of resolutions
had inadvertently been sabslituted in one of the
papers of this city.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then proceeded. There
was one thing which greatly astonished him; it
was this: that the gentleman from Massachusetts
should, with so much force, reassert or reaffirm an
accusation of this sort. What authority had he
offered? What evidence had he given? What in-
terview had he referred to? What arrangement
had been made, of which he was cognizant, that it
should be said he was in treaty with the Adminis-
tration party, either to use them as his tools, or to
let them use him as their tool? A man of the age
and experience of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts__a man. who knew so well how to value cha-
racter, and who had lived such a laborious life for
the purpose of acquiring it—ought not to make a
charge of this nature here, in the presence of the
nation, unless he had some fact, some data, some
evidence, upon which to predicate it. He (Mr. J.)
called upon that gentleman, and all who thought
wiih him, to present to this House the evidence
upon which the charge is founded. Had it been
made in mere, wantonness? Had it been made be-
cause he (Mr. J.) had introduced a proposition
which superseded that of the gentleman himself?
Had it been made because, with some degree of
labor, (and he was glad to have it in his power to
add, with some degree of success,) he had answer-
ed the argument which the gentleman then made?
He deemed it due to himself, due to the Adminis-
tration party then on that floor, aBd due to candor,
justice, and honor, to say that he had not been in
communion with one solitary human being in that
House before he draughted that resolution; that he
had not interchanged an opinion with one member
of the Van Buren party, either in or out of Con-
gress, in regard to the original proposition whichhad
been alluded to by the gentleman from Virginia,
who was absent from indisposition, which induced
him to hand it to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. And the resolution which the gentleman had
intended himself to offer was almost substantially
the same as that he (Mr. W. C. J.) offered, viz: to
lay on the table the motion to receive abolition peti-
tions; and when the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] was attacking that resolution, he said
that it was indefinite, and that it was dodging the
question, or something very like it. While the gen-
tleman was speaking, he (Mr. J.) draughted his
resoiutien and showed it to the gentleman from
South Carolina, and his object iu doing so was to
ascertain whether he would receive and adopt it as
his own, which he consented to do instead of that
of the gentleman from Virginia. The gentleman
from Massachusetts having offered and amendment
to the resolution of the gentleman from South
Carolina, induced him (Mr. J.) to ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to accept his resolution
as a modification of his own, which he agreed to.
This was the history of the resolution, or the
twenty-first rule of the House. And thus, in the
hury of debate and the confusion that prevailed,
the resolution was written by himself at -the desk,
and offered as an amendment to the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. This was the
conspiracy, this was the plot, this was the |strata¡
gem which had been complained of. He recollect,
ed very well that, while the Editor of the Globe
at the time came out and charged him as an in-
strument put forward by the Whig party to offer
the resolution, the gentleman from Massachusetts
also rose in his place and said that he (Mr. J.)
was acting as the tool of the Van Buren party, or
language to that effect. He was very apprehen-
sive that ihe gentleman had given vent to his real
feelings and judgment; but whatever he might
think of him, he (M. J.) believed he thought in
his inmost bosom that he would be no man's
too!, and that he would not suffer himself
to be made the instrument of any man or set of
men for an unrighteous or unholy purpose. Thus
much for the history of that resolution, which be-
came one of the rules of the last Congress.
He had a few words to say as to the proposition
then before the Chair, which was, as he understood
it, to adopt all the rules of the last Congress, with
the exception of the twenty-first, which relates to
the rejection of abolition petitions. He would say
that he was most happy lor two years to be sur-
rounded in that House by a majority of the mem-
bers of Congress who sustained, both by their
speeches and votes, the rule now proposed to be
rescinded, and he would be most happy if the pre-
sent Congress would do as the last one had done.
Why change the rule in this question? He saw no
good reason for it. An apprehension prevailed at
the period to which he had referred that its adoption
would create great excitement at the North; but he
would ask if it had had that effect? And he ap-
pealed to Northern men and to the public journals
to prove that it was without foundation. He would
ask if it had not been productive of good; if there
