88""
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
p¡ay to the United States a fine equal to the amount
ofithe, money embezzled, and shall suffer imprison-
mentfor a term not less than six months, nor more
than fire years.
iThe bill was ordered to be printed, and made
theorder of the day for Monday.
, |Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from 320 citi-
zens of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, in favor of
a general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
^<<Al80, a petition from citizens of Winnebago, in
the State of Illinois, praying for a confirmation of
title to certain lands heretofore set apart for
Polish exiles. He. wished these petitions to be
referred to the appropriate committees.8
Mr. CLAY thought the presentation and refer-
ence of such memorials -would interfere with the
business of the session. It was perfectly manifest,
that if this extra session be converted into an ordi-
nary session, by proceeding with the customary
business of ordinary sessions, it would be pro-
tracted beyond all reasonable calculation, and it
will be departing from the intention for which it
has been called. He was willing to obtain ihe
sense of the Senate, whether this was to be an
ordinary session or not; but would submit to the
Senator from Illinois the propriety of withholding
these petitions till the next session, when they
would more appropriately came up in the regular
business of the session.
Mr. YOUNG said he wished to have the petition
referred and printed, as it contained information in
relation to the public lands, which be thought it
was important should be laid before Congress. He
was himself willing that the business of this session
should be confined to as few subjects as possible.
Mr. CLAY suggested to the Senator from Illi-
nois that the petition might be withheld without
any inconvenience to the petitioners until next ses-
sion. He thought it would be useless to order the
printing, as it was not likely any action would be
taken on it.
Mr. YOUNG said that with a view of meeting
the wish to confine the business of the Senate to the
limits desired, he would withdraw the petition.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
citizens Ot New York in tavor of a bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. LINN thought it would be best to come to
some understanding at once as to the business to
which the attentien of the Senate should be con-
fined during this session. If memorials and peti-
tions are admitted, he would feel himself autho-
rized, as well as others, to present such as might be
committed to him. He would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky the necessity of introducing
some such resolution as he had introduced in the
called session of 1837, for the purpose of confining
the business within proper limits.
Mr. CLAY said he would willingly adopt the
- suggestion of the Senator from Missouri, if such
was the sense of the Senate. In doing so, how-
ever, it would be desirable to have time for con-
sideration. There might be some difficulty in as-
signing the limits. There would probably arise
some subjects not adverted to by the President,
which it would, under circumstanc.es not now con-
templated, be necessary to bring under discus-
sion; for instance, the bankrupt law—a subject
which heretofore has consumed much of the time
of the Senate. He was not, himself, in favor of
that subject being introduced during this session;
but it might be the wish of others. He promised
to reflect upon the suggestion which had been
made, with a view of makirg up a sort of protocol
of the subjects which, in his opinion, it would be
necessary to take up during the session.
After some further remarks by Messrs. YOUNG,
HUNTINGTON, and BERRIEN, Mr. YOUNG
withdrew, for the present, the petition he had pre-
sented for a bankrupt law.
• Mr. CLAY said he knew of no other business
now before the Senate to prevent an adjournment.
It would be desirable for Senators to have a day
to attend to their out-door business. He would
therefore move that when the Senate adjourn, it
would adjourn until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate adj'd.
IN SENATE,
Monday, June 7, 1841.
Mr. CLAY presented-a petition of certain citi-
zens of Dahlonega, Ga. praying the discontinu-
ance of the Branch Mint at that place; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorials of the
Farmers and Mechanics Bank of Alexandria, and
the Patriotic Bank of Washington, praying for
a recharter of those institutions; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. M. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Maryland, recommending the imposition
of countervailing duties for the protection of the
tobacco interest; which he moved might hs printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
After some remarks hy Mr. KING,
On motion of Mr. CLAY ef Kentucky, the me-
morial was laid on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented two memorials
from citizens of Buffalo, and one from citizens of
the city of New York, in favor of a bankrupt law;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. T. also presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York
in favor of the establishment of a United Stales
Bank; which was referred to the Select Committee
on the subject of the Finances.
Mr. T. also presented the memorial of mer-
chants of New York praying that drawback may
be allowed on goods exported inland to Canada;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The CHAIR called the attention of the Senate
to the fact that this was the day designated by law
for the Senate to elect its officers, and the Senate,
in compliance therewith, proceeded to elect its
Secretary.
The ballots having been counted, the following
was declared to be the result:
Whole number of votes           -                   43
For Mr. Dickens             -           -           -    41
Mr. Naudain           -           -                 1
Blank          -           -           -           -      1
Mr. Dickens was declared to be duly elected.
Ths Senaie then proceeded to ballot for Sergeant-
at-arms and Doorkeeper, and the ballots having
been counted, the following was declared to be the
result:
Whole number of votes          -           -       42
For Mr. Dyer     -           -           •           -    39
Mr. Beale   -           -                       -     2
Mr. C. Dyer            -           -           -     1
Mr. Dyer was declared to be duly elected.
¡•JThe Senate then proceeded to ballot for an Assis-
tant Doorkeeper, and the votes havina; been count-
ed, the following was declared to be the result:
Whole number of votes -           -           -   44
For Mr. Beale                -           -           -   41
Mr. Anderson         -           -           -     2
Mr. Bassett             -           -           -     1
Mr. Beale was declared to be duly elected.
The oath of office was then administered to the
incumbents respectively.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said, in compliance with
suggestions thrown out at the last sitting of the
Senate, he had framed some resolutions which he
would submit for their consideration. The reso-
lutions were sent to the table, and were read as
follows:
Resolved, As the opinion of the Senate, that at
the present session of Congress no business ought
to be transacted but such as, being of an important
or urgent nature, may be supposed to have influ-
enced the extraordinary convention of Congress, or
such as that the postponement of it might be mate-
rially detrimental to the public interests.
Resolved, therefore, As the opinion of the Senate,
That the following subjects ought first, if notexclu-
sively, to engage the deliberations of Congress at
the present session, viz:
1.  The repeal of the Sub-Treasury;
2.  The incorporation "of a bank "adapted to the
wants of the people, and of the Government;
3.  The provision of an adequate revenue for the
Government by the imposition of duties, and in-
cluding an authority to contract a temporary loan
to cover the public debt created by the last Admi-
nistration;
4.  The prospective distribution of the proceeds
of the public land?;
5.  The passage of necessary appropriation bills;
and
6.  Some modification of the banking system of
the District of Columbia for the benefit of the peo-
ple of the District.
Resolved, That it is expedient to distribute the
business proper to be done at this session, between
the Senate and House of Representatives, so as to
avoid both Houses acting on the same subject at
the same time.
Mr. CLAY said he did not desire the action of
the Senate upon them at this time, but would ask
that they might be printed, and laid upon the table;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Select Committee to
consider and report by what token of respect and
affection it may be proper for the Congress of the
United States to express the deep sensibility of the
nation to the event of the decease of their late
President, William Henry Harrison,- made the
following report:
The melancholy event of the death of William
Henry Harrison, the late President of the United
States, having occurred during the recess of Con-
gress and the two Houses sharing in the general
grief, and desiring to manifest their sensibility
upon the occasion of that public bereavement:
therefore,
Resolved by the Senaie and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of .America in Cengress as-
sembled, That the chairs of the President of the Se-
nate and of the Speaker of the House of Represen-
tatives be shrouded in black during the residue of
the session; and that the President pro tern, of the
Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, and the members and officers of both Houses,
wear the usual badge of mourning for thiny days.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions
to Mrs. Harrison, and to assure her of the pro-
found respect of the two Houses of Congress for
her person and character, and of their sincere con-
dolence on the late afflicting dispensation of Provi-
dence.
The resolutions were read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and ordered tobe engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tions for consideration:
Rssolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Secretary of
the Sena'e the orders (if an}) which have been is-
sued to the officers of the army and navy in rela-
tion to political offences in elections, and threaten-
ing them with removal or dismission for such of-
fence; also, a copy of the same orders (if any)
which have been issued to persons in the civil em-
plovment of the United States.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate s copy
of commission and insttuctions (if any such there
be) which may have been issued to inquire into
the conduct of laborers or contractor? in the pub-
lie service in the District of Columbia: with all the
information which may be necessary to ihe under-
standing of the objects, powers, and duties of the
commissioners, their compensation and organiza-
tion, the law under which appointed, and the time
they have been in service.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky asked if there was any
thing before the Chair, aud being answered, said
he wished to call the attention of the Senate to
a resolution growing out of some sueg-stions made
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
That report contained an explicit expression of the
Secretary'* opinion in favor of a United States
Bank. He hoped to be able to submit a plan
which will effect the desirable object of reconciling
all parties. With a view of obtaining this plan,
he (Mr. Clay) had prepared a resolution, which he
wished might now be read.
The resolution was thtn read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate, with as lit-
tle delay as practicable, a plan of such a bank to
