24
tied "An act supplementary to an act to regula e
the deposites of the public money," passed 23d
June, 1836, be, and the same are hereby repealed
Provided, That this repeal shall not affect or impair
any securities which may have been taken for the
safe keeping of the public moneys deposited with
any of the banks in the said act mentioned, nor
any remedies to enforce ihe said securities which
have been, or may hereafter be, prosecuted.
By this section the whole of the act of 1836
would be repealed, save the two sections which pro-
vide for the deposite of the surplus funds m the
Treasury with the several States, this provision, he
presumed, was to be consideied as oí a permanent
character, and not to be repealed.
Mr. C. added he did not mean to say one word
on the policy of the Sub-Treasury system, or at-
tempt to reargue that question, and if he had not
misapprehended the temper and disposition of the
Senate, gentlemen on all si les of the House were
as little desirous of this as he could be. Out of re-
ipect to the country, to the Senate, and to himself,
he should resolutely abstain from again entering on
a question which had been already sufficiently ar-
gued, and Deeded no re-discussion now. In saying
this, he hoped that no offence would be understood
as intended to the feelings of any gentleman; it
was one of those cases which would «ometimes oc-
cur when a difference ot opinion teok phce be-
tween the members of the National Legi lature, or
a part of them, and the body of the people at
large.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. CALHOUN said that if he had rightly un-
derstood the object of the Sena'or in proposing th s
amendment, it was to get clear of certain difficul-
ties and restraints imposed upon the Secretary, in
consequence of changes which had taken place
since the passage of the law of 1836 Certain
banks which could at that time be made the depo-
sitories of the public money were, in consequence
of these changes and of the prohibitions in the law,
precluded at this time from being <o used. It this
was his object, he might get at it much more easily
by simply moving to repeal so much of the law as
contained those prohibitions. The law had been
passed under a thorough and general conviction
that it was wrong to hace the entire Treasury un-
der absolute executive control, and for the expre s
purpose of taking the public money fn m under
that control, and placing it under the guardianship
of the law But now it was proposed to undo all
this, to retrace our steps, and repeal the law. And
on what ground? Why, that in a lew weeks a law
would be passed establishing a Bank of the United
States; so that, if that expectation should (ail, and
no such law should pass, then the entire publ c
treasure would be left, as it \ as before the passage
of the law of 1836, under the absolu e disposal of
the Executive'
[Here Mr. Clay gave signs of dissent ]
The gentleman shakes his head.   Under what
control, then, will it be?
Mr. CLAY. Under the law of 1789.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, I will go back most
cheerfully to the law of 17d9 If that is the mean-
ing of the Senator, let him move an amendment,
(or if not, I will do it,) declanng that the law of
1789 is hereby revived. It declared lhat the reve-
nue shall fee received in gold and silver only, and
shall be kept by the Treasurer of the Un ted States.
Mr. CLAY said he never had alluded to the
subject of a metallic med urn, or of any manner in
which the dues of the United States, were to be
paid. He had merely said that si ould the Sub-
Treasury law be repealer", the country would be
under the law of 1789, under fhe resolutions of
1816, and unlet the law oí 1836 unless that should
be repealed. What he meant to say was, that un-
der the principles now r vived, as to 'he powers of
the President, the act of 1789 would operate as a
complete security to the Treasu y till a new law
should be enacted.
Mr CALHOUN said that, as 'o that, the law of
1789 was as much in force in 1836, when the law
was passed to regulate the deposites, as it was now,
and yet President Jackson himself admitted that
the public money was left absolutely under Execu-
tive control, and that this state of things ought not
CONGRESIONAL GLOBE.
to continue Did gentlemen now propjse at one
blow to undo what it has cost such i>uenuous ef-
forts and «o much prolonged and excited discussion
to agree upoe'* And on what ground? Simply be-
cause a part of the law of 1836 would, at this
time, impose inconvenient and embarrassing re-
strictions Well, if that was the case, why not
s mply rep al so much of the law as imposed these
restrict ons' If ihe Senator wanted to go back to
the law of 1789, it was what Mr C himself ear-
nestly desired He was unwilling ihat the Trea-
sury should for a single day be under any control
but that of law If the Senator will not go back
to the law of '69, and reinstate its full force and
effect, he (Mr Calhoun) hoped the aet of '36
would be l«ft uninterrupted until a hetter substi-
tute should be adopted. But his object now was to
record his objections to the amendment as proposed,
and with tVs view he demanded the yeas and nays
And thpy w«re ordered by the Senate
Mr CLAY asked the Senator from South Caro-
lina to recall to nwd what were fie assertions of
Executne power alvanced by ^General Jackson
and his inends in l"-36 The removal of the de-
posites in 1813 taktri in connec'ion with Genera'
Jackson's alleged right to remove snj Secretary of
the Treasury who opposed that measure, went the
wh ili* length of makin' a Seeretary of the Trea-
sury the mere creature of the Executive will This
doctrine Mr C. and those who then acted with
him utterly and strenuously denied, and he denied
ltitill The power assumed by Presidí nt Jackson
over the pub ic money and over the Secretary of
the Treasury was without law and against law, and
wholly arbitrary and tyrannical. But he would
rot now revive that d.%u*siun Under such princi-
ples, the Treasury was not at tue absolute mercy
of the Executive The whole doctrine and the
whole pioceeding was ¿gainst ihe lav/, and he bad
no doubt, cculd the question have been brought
before a judicial tribunal, ti e Secretary might hive
been convicted before any court in the country. Mr
Clay had considered the law of 1789 as alwiys m
¡force, the union of the purse and ihe tword w«s in
the face ol thit law These had been their princi-
ples then, and iney have their principles now If
opposite principl s in ¡ted, pievailed at th s day,
| as ihey 1 ad to 1836 it (here wc-e row any danger
| of the ¡en val o the deposites by 'he Exei utive
ir ándate, and oí the repi imon of ihe Specie Cireu
lar, then it migh' be dangerou> to repeal this law
oi 1836 but such was not the ease, and if the law
of 1836 were repealed, the !aw of 1789 would im-
mediately revive, and in union with the reso utions
of 1816 wi uld prescribe the duties of Government
in relation to ihe public ¡ronejs.
Mr. BENIGN said he believed it was within
the recollection of ihe Senate and the country at
large, what those circumstances were which led to
the removal oí the oposites by General Jackson,
'n 1833 The language applied to him at that pe-
riod, by th(S" who t pposed the measure, co> aiaed,
he believed, almost every epithet that could be ap-
plied to any act of tue most la vless dccrip urn. It
was repeatedly declaud that ihe public monev was
m the lawless poss ssion of tne Executive; that the
officers of the Government were all subject to his
unlimited control and pleasure It v as a common
thing to call upon him to say where was the public
money But he SenTe would recjllect the re-
peated mfss?ges of President Jackson, inviting
Congress to regulate be *ubject by 1 ,w, and the en-
actm nt if ihe law of 1836, and the effects of lhat
law, but x 'iat was proptsed now? To repeal the
law by a troke of the pen, and remit ihe public
treasure to the "lawless cu tody of the Executive."
AH w ¡aid retol ^a what had been said of General
Jackson about uniting the powers of the purse and
the sword in the p< rson oí the Executive. Yet
those who th n exclaimed aga'nst this union, now
propose it tbemsp'ves' As to the law of 1789, it
had been just as muen in force in 1836 as it was
now, yei these genteiren then preached, from day
to day, tha' the mon^y was m the lawless control
of ihe President Mr B contended lhat, upon the
repeal of the Independent Treasury, there would be
no law but the act of 1836 to regulate the custody
and management of the public treasure, except the
act of 1789, which the Whigs themselves contend-
«ed was a nullity from the removpl of the deposi'es,
in 1833, to the passage of the deposi e act, in 1836.
But it was said that there was no need of the law
now, because those in power held principles which
would provent them from any improper use of the
public money, they were a different sort of peo-
ple, and therefore they needed no law to regulate
their conduct. This he took to be a fair interpre-
tation of the proposition to suspend for any time—
for a single day—the control of the law over the
public money. This (Mr B said) was the very
first time, during the twenty years he had had a
seat in that House, that he had heard such a doc-
trine brought forward It was the fir t time he had
heard thit there was to be a difference made be-
tween men m the making of the laws of the land;
that laws were necessary to govern one set of men,
butnotanrthcr; that the pnncip'es of one set of
public officers were so pure that they needed no
laws to govern them He called upon the Senate
to put the brand of its reprobaticn upon doctrines
like this. He should, at all events, record his dis-
sent from them
Mr. CALHOUN said it was not his purpose to
go at large into the argument. He only wished
the Senate to understand that it was now proposed,
without the least necessity, to return back to that
state of things which preceded the passage of the
law of 1836 He had himself differed from Gen.
Jackson %n toto with regard to the removal of the
deposites; but he must do him the justice to ¡say
that it had been hi* deliberate opinion that, when
the public moneys lay in the banks of the States
unregulated by law, they were in a wrong condi-
tion In confirmation of this position, Mr C.
called for the reading of an Executive message
calhrg the at'c nun of Congress to this subject;
[which was read accordingly ]
In conformity wnh this recommendation, the
law of 1836 had been passed almost unanimously;
yet now an amendment was proposed which went
to put back the pub'ic monev exactly wh°re it had
been before, giving the President discretionary
power to say in what Bank it should be kept, and
when and whither it should be removed Save
the removal of the dpposites froro the Bank of the
United States, General Jackson himself claimed no
power beyond this The pretext he had already
stated, but the whole difficulty tou'd be removed
by repealing the 5 h section of the law which cre-
ated certain disabilities which would now operate
very inconveniently. Under this view, Mr. C.
would move to amend the amendment by striking
out all but the enacting words, and inserting as a
substitute the following-
"That so much of the 5th section of the act of
23d June, 1836. as provides that no bank shall be
selected or continued as a pi, ce of deposite of the
public money, which shall, after the 4 h of July,
1836, issue or payout any note or bill of a less
denomination than $5, and that no notes or b'lls of
any bank be received in payment of any debt due
to the Unned States which shall, after tbc sai J 4 h.
of July, 1836, issue any not* or bill of a le~s
denomination than $5, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed "
This would meet the whole objection, without
leaving the public treasure at the Executive con-
trol. Mr C. had all respect for the Executive,
but he would not consent to leave the Treasury at
his disposal lor two davs, much le's for a month
or six weeks The Senator from Kentucky, in-
deed, said that the law of 1789 would be still in
force. Nothing certainly, would gratify Mr C.
more than a return to the provisions oí that law, it
might very trulv be called a Sub-Treasury act, it
declared that the public funds shall be kept by a
treasurer, and received in gold and silver only.
But, by what process he would not now sav, that
law had become a dead letter Could it be revived,
nothi"g would gratify Mr C in a h gher degree.
But he would f «kgentlemen if all which had pass-
ed to-day on this subject did not go '<> prove that,
sshe hadat first maintained, tbc Sub-Treasury law
ought to remain m force till some substitute for
it was provided? It mig t, in architecture, do very
well to take down one building before you laid
the foundation of another, but this did not hold in
legislation    Why not leave the Sub-Treasury law
