CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             og
as it st od tul some other mea u e couH be agrfed
on1 Could it be from persjnal feeling? from
party triumph? Why reunite the purse and the
sword after so loudly denouncing that union*
The amendment of Mr   Calhoun having now
been read Pt the Secretary'b table—
Mr RIVES addressed tne Senate.   The effect
of the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
Kentucky would be to nulu y, to a great extent,
the action of the Senate    The Sub- Treasury law
had in it two features peculiarly odio      One was
ths requirement to cobeet the revenue in gjld and |
silver, and the other to place the money thus col
lected in the custody  of Executive agen s    But
was not the effect of the amendtrrent of the Sera-
tor from Kentucky to re establish the 3ub-Trea«ury
law, at least m one of those odious fea ores?   It
gave the personal custody of the public Measure to
Executive officers    Mr, R   here reverted to the
ob]e tions wh ch had bten urged again°i tb's state
of thinas, after the  removal of tbe  deposite?, and
previous to the passage of the law of Í83S.    The
law of 1789 was as much in force then as now.
And where did it olace i r pubic  ireisu i?    in
the custody o   the Treasure' of   n   United  S ates
And who was he1*    An Executive officer, remove   ||
able at he pleasure o   the President of the United
States, and exercising the privilege  ef «electing,
according to htb own discrete, the de,>osi on „
where the moneys \ ere to be placed, ana when so  .
placed, they  were heid to b<*, constructively, ¡a the
custody of the Trea u-y iie lf    Ar<d what g i¿uan
tee had the country ter tn  safe keeping o! fun Is so
disposed of    None but   h- Treasurer's bond of
$150 000     Who could   consider  the public tunda
safe under such a security?    It thw state of  nmgs
must recur,  u ely there would at least be needed a
stronger "ecanty than thi"¡
Mr R insisted that th  proper course a' this
time w s simply to lepealthe Sub Treasury law,
and then  iop till they could agree upon some one
of the several substitutes which had been sug-
geeted. Of these there were at le-st three to cnoo e
out ot- first, the State banks, econdly a Bank of
the United S at s on the o'd plan, or, lastly, a new
fiscal agent For his own part, he be teved that
the peopie of the United States would even prefer
to se° the public money kept m the Saeboni?,
provi led they were restricted to such as ia d spe le,
to having th m put under the discretion cf the
Executive. There were many bar ks w*-ich still
continued to redeem tne,i rotes 'Ihe Stnat r
from Kentucky seemed to esne not or.ly o pat
down the Sub-Tr asuty law, but by the same blow
to prostrate the S ate b¿nk<, and any o hei fi ca!
agen , 'o that nothing should lemam to be adopted
but a Bank of the United Slate He hoped tie
Senator would consent to adopt the amendment
proposed bv 'he Senator fromSoith Carolina, and
surrender the mea ure he had proposed, and to
which there were so many serious objections
Mr. MANGUM though, there w s in the Senate
much unsecessary excitement on this, matter Gei -
t'emen seemed disposed to look at it rather as di-
alecticians, than in that point of view in wh ch it
would be looked at by the public. He thought
there wa  no real difference between the views of
the Committee of Fmaice and those of the gentle
man from Virginia, [Mr Rive^ ] It the Sub-
Treasury shou'd be repealed, the countiy would be
thrown upon the Uw of 1836, but tne provis oi, of
that law were such, that scarce a depositorv could
be used of all that were in the United S ates Of
the fitiy banks of New England, theie was scarce
one that did not issue bin., under the d^nommatten
of five dollars It was, therefore, a new question
of convenience, d inng the short petiod between th"
repeal of the Sab Treasury law and the adoption of
a substitute, for they did net raein to stop ft he
"half-way house " They desired the establishment
of a Bank of the United States, but t liiit ^íocll
fail, (which he cou'd not suppose ) 'till they had
no mt<-n ion of ad] jurmng without placing tv"0 pub-
lic moneys under the custody cf law The nte-
rence, therefore, was not tobe t'ra-n, that t^re
was any idea of abandoning the pnncip'es con-
tended form 1«36 Tne only quest on was, whe
ther they should abandon the law of 1836 for a few
weeks, till a final law could be agreed on, or
sh u d leave theScceta y < f ti e T'tisur/ to''rug
gle with all the embarrassments which mu t be et
him, should that law b*- revive!' A short time
would s ttle the question, an 1 then if no Bank of
the Un'cd Stales n eUer fi ca1 agent, c uld be
greed uc^n, th  pub! c money must be placed in
the Sute banif , „uuject to regula'ions to be
provided by !a i
Mr. BARROW said that be certainly bad not
understood the political discus ions of the last ten
years if h re"eai of the law of 1836 would not
piacs the na ion n ttie veiy cordition which the
Whig party had «o loudiy and s rei.uousiy depre
cated. He coutd not concur m the view expressed
by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr Man-
gum ] It appeared to mm that it would be far
beturfor the Whig party to (all back on the la v
of 1836, than lo ai v he public depos'tes to beat ,
the discretion of tne Executive even fo a single
day After all he h«d been tell ng the people oí
his district fcr the la t ten days past, he nevei
could coi rent o adopt the am'nd'nert proposed by
the Senator from K>ntuckv B> would prefer
even the continuance of ne Sub Treasury law to
this so loudly depreca id unirn of the pur¡>e and
I tbe swoid He had gr"at icpect for the opinion
oí his poluica fnen)s and was disposed to «iefer to
it  her he coull wi h ut a sac lfice of principle,
but he could not follow th i le- d in a measure
like th s
When th  dejosi es were remove'*,  the whole
Amercm people   am'ed it th-> ¿""land  to h \c
them p ao -d  uHer  the rf^ulaüjii of law,  ari it
was in e nseq serce < f teat d'Tiand that  he law of
1836 had beet in^s ed    Tie \ a  a^are that th°law
c uld ro* be carried out in its pr sent form, since
a large portion of the hunks did no' now pay spe-
cif, bu' he wuld ra'hei i ter hp law so as to allow
the p blic nonej, to b   rlaced even in such baiiks
than have U ieft to th   discretion or th  Execu  ve
for him to say where it Mould be nut and when it
sheuH be withdrawn    He wasii favor of allov ing
time le rurther d liberatioB, the subject was more
comp ic?ted than soms gantlemen imagined    He
wju d rather revive t'i- law i f 'S6tn toto than leave
'   the pt hue money for thir'   or s]xty days a Excau-
I  tive ('is' tenon    Waan lb" Um'e' States Bink was
rechartered m 1816, thp 1.  ot 1789 was repem-d,
and ne ' dirtctims w i  gifi l     ths con'rcl of
t'-e pubb- non y    The remove of the i oposites
of 1833 vi as net a repeat cl the lav of 18 & bu' a
nu'lifica im  or i       VI'.  B     - d tha* ii ho wis
forced to vote pow, he must vot° íir ih  ame d
I  Tent of 'he S^ra'cr ito.n Son h CardmafMr
Cilhoun ]    He d ff red r~om seme gentlomen on
b( n si esofn=Hou^e  bu r pt   * red ?t prese) t
the simple repeal or the Seb-Trea try law    He
cud io* b^hev  that ¡h" peopk orLouisiana had
so mucb disfaM for banks,. s some people i nagined
Mr. PRESTON said, tha' the only real question
was one of time    A 1 agreed that it was proper the
public Ireasure    hould not be left  without the con-
1  trol of law and tnert was but little difference  p   to
a furth°i step, v z   whether  it  shcu'd not  be  pe,t
under further roptrol  than by the law of 1781, (or
it'¡ad been once lei, m  tne  <' ssissions of 1816,
thtt the slate of he public itic-ti«v as   n<t   safe,
*n ugh t iey ^ ere still unaer tha la " of I7b9     He
presumed tha* if, whft'er  ir en or non, it was pro-
po ed   to   re enact the   naked   law o   1789, there
woitld be a general if not omvetsal objeción to it
Tne geneial direc ion *j a Treasurer to receive and
keep the rub ic money w„s not a sufficient separa-
tion of t iiom Eieeutne control, so   ocg as  tb"t
omce'- m „ht himself be lemoved by the Pres dent
I Tbe law ot 1^36 h?d pa sed by an tmussl y lar?e
'    rn-jonty   it was pacs"d in   r sponse to ralK fro n
1    the Executive and thoi"h not intended as a   pe>-
riarent  provisi"d  < a the  suHj cf   t  was  at S ast
be' er   ban in- law ot   1739     Actng   on   the
principle 'hen avowed,  we should  prec^d Tith
|  gr°at eau on      N^ie   of those on us      '     cf
th  Fouse   intended  n   Icatc tie   puhi o   Mea-
sure win  the   guard .insnip of 1 .*■      Yet the,
ougi    to    meve   c u'tousH    at t   scrupulously
Not   that he   be' eved   the   & ate   bank  syst  n
1 -id   had a full an I fair ex°et men      No sys-
sysiem  could   have   none  o hervviso   than   fad
under such auspices    Yet he did not concur with
his finnd from Nona Carolina that the public
funds shoull remain under Exp cat ve control for
any time at all He thought they ought not to re-
move one restraint 111 they imposed another m its
place ihey should not untie the Executive hands till
they had another cord prepared to bind them. He
concurred with tho^e who desired the repeal of the
Sub-Treasury law. He had always been opposed
to it He had thought it better to abide under
the law of 1836 than to rush into an untried and
doubtful exp r ment He thought so still; and
would ra'her go back to that ¿aw with all its im-
p rfeetions its hsad than confer on the Executive
the d scretionary comrol of the public moneys for
any nenod, however brief It seemed to be de-
manded, by the votce of tbe nation, that the Sub-
Treasury be repealed. He concurred with that
voice, and though he should, for himself, have pre-
fers da repeal only of the specie clause, leaving
he vesidu  of the machinery untouched, he sub-
mi'ted to tie expre si n of the public will. He
rop^d ihc amendmrnt pnposed by the Senator
from Kentucky w tt d not be moisted on.
Mr CLAY sa d he was ver/ írdiffVrent to the
fate of th' amendment, but ho thought that gen 
tlemen had not qui e done him justice while urging
their obje tions to it For, in. the first place, the
l?wof 1836 did nomoie put the public deposites
under h control of law, according to the doctrine
maintained and in isted oi by General Jackson,
thai the act cf 1816 What was that doctrine?
T at every Executive officer is bound to conform
to he orders ot the Piesident, and if he refuses to
do =3, tne Piesidcn' may remove him Apply this
to the law of 1836 How were the depositories to
be selectel m which to place the public moneys?
By the bead of ihe Department, but unless, in.
making ihis selec ion he conformed himself to the
p ensure or Andrew Tackson, he would be forth 
v i h di mi sed It was, then, perfectly idle to talk
of any sy tem being e&cacious in removing ihe
deposites from und r ih^ control of such a man.
By the power ho c uld ever exert over his subor-
dinates, he could, at any time, remove or continue
the public iunds among the banks just as he
pleased
Now look at the contngencies lhat would pre-
sent themselves shoitid lie la-/ of 1836 ba contin-
ued in lotee      His tnend ¡rom Louis ana [Mr.
Barrow] had said tha1 r = woutd pre er to have the
pi bi c money placed even in non specie paying
banks to 'eavmg it under Executive control.     But
Ikf law o 1836 \ oif d not allow the Secretary to
pace if tntre     What woul 1  be the operation of
rejectng the a  endment1     To revive a paralytic,
more n a    half of vnose In bs were wholly des>ti-
tiíp oí all power of action    All he banks, ornear-
la all, mine United Ststes, soHth of New York,
(oi perhaps soutn of New Jersey,) had suspended
spf-cie payments, s0 tha' if the law were revived
the disiret on of tbe Executive  v ou d still remain
ss o all fio e banks      If the S'ate bank  system
must be ie/ived, it ought to be so revived as to be-
co-ne oper& ve all ovei the Union    As things now
st^od, it would bare no effect whatever throughout
four fifths o* he Union, m po nt of ten tory, and
per ap--  'bree f urihs m pomt of population     Bid
gentlemen i ant to resusci'a e such a rickety, half-
aluc thins as this1    He presumed not    Theiefore,
he r- ied cd, if this law was to come into existence,
it ma t uncergo a complete revwon    But if pub-
lic opinion \t as to be respected in Congress, what
hnd it due ^ed?   T to things first, u had condemn-
ed th   S a e bank svste.ni, eitner as a sys'em for
the conven eree oi the Government or for the good
I   of tbe oeop'e, and still more emphatically had it
conJerared tne Sub-Treasury law     Public senti-
M  rsent being "gainst bo'h, Mr C   was for repealing
bo'b, and ne was eqaaWy against reviving a law
i   whio  ñus   be inoperative as re pects two thirds
.   of the U" on
I What objection rn'id th«re be to the amead-
1 men''1 4' admitted tha' th*re might be a necessi-
ty for former 'eeislat on, ii a Bank or other suita-
ble fi ea' d'ert Mould ^e appoi" d, tí e law would
ce*? n direcions to the Secretary as to the dispo-
snontitlie public deposites. But if the law of
1836 was to be revived, geademen must remember
that its provisions must be changed, since there
