26
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had been two suspensions since it had been first en-
acted. If the law should pass, with the amend-
ment, the Sab-Treasurv would be abolished, to-
gether with the law of 1836, and the country be
placad under the law of 1739, as it had been wh'-n
the deposites were ordered to be placed in the old
Bank of the United S'ates. That law had revived
on the discontinuance of the first Bank, as it had
again revived at the discontinuance of the second,
and as it continued till 1836. What would be the
practical course of things? The Secretary of the
Treasury would make his deposites in specie-pay-
ing bank , but without regard to the denomination
of the bills they might issue; and in non specie-
paying banks where he thought they were safe; and
this arrangement would be temporarily adopted
till a Bunk was created, or some pioper fiscal
agent in its place.
Gentlemen seemed not to have reflected on the
consequences of rejecting the amendment. What
would be the condition ot the Secretary of the
Treasury? The difficulty did not arise from one
section of the law of 1836 alone; all parts o[ the
law, from one end of it to tbe other, were tall of
sources of embarrassment. He must make con-
tracts which would frequently require protracted
negotiation; and in this also he would be thwaned
and hampered by that law. If the law was to con-
tinue, it must be re-enacted alter a thcough levi-
sion. If that was the scheme of any Senator, let
him say so; let him come out at once, boldly, like
a man, and avow it. Mr. C. hoped the amend-
ment would prevail; if it was rejected, it would
only produce a see-saw between two diffeient sys-
tems; and the effect would be lo revive a miserable,
rickely, inefficient ¡aw, which wtuld be useless as
to a great part of the country.
Mr. CALHOUN said it seemed to him that the
Senator fiom Kentucky was on the high rosd to-
wards proving that the Sub-Treasury la / should
not be repealed. If it was, cither the Treasury
must be l.-ft unregulated altogether, or the law re-
gulating it would beso full of embarrassments that
it could not get along. The argument amounted
to this: that Ihe Sub-Treasury should be left to
stand till a substitute was agreed upon. He (Mr.
C.) did not think theSenalor from Kentucky had
done General Jackson justice in his account of
the removal of the deposites. Gen. Jackson did
not recommend their remota! in the face of the.
law, but on the ground that there was no law which
obliged him to continue them in the Batik. The
Senator from Kentucky was not correct m his facts
when he said that the banks through i'our-atths of
the country were non-specie paying. T,he banks
in South Carolina paid specie, so did others in va-
rious of the Southern States.
Mr. CLAY. O, well, therj may be exceptions,
I admit. What I mean is the general prostration of
the State banks.
Mr. CALHOUN. Bat did the Senator mean
that the Secretary should make his deposites m
banks which did not redeem their notes? Was
that the object of his amendment? If it was, let it
be avowed—let the eounlry understand it; if it was,
Mr. C. should be utterly and irreconcilably op-
posed to it. Aa the -Jifliculty arose wholly from
the condition of the bi.nkr, it might be fully met by
repealing the objectionable clause in the law. It
was said, indeed, that there were other difficulties
in other sections of it; it' so, let them be pointed
out and removed, and ¡et the law stand as if the
banks had not suspended.
Mr. ÍUVES said the Senator from Kentucky
was under a mistake in case the Sab-Treasury
should be repealed. What is tbe case he puts?
According to his doctrine the power of the Execu-
tive to control the deposite is nor guarded again-it,
because '.tie appointment of the Secretary of the
Treasury is still left in the bands of ¡he Piesident.
President Jackson contended that, when an Execu-
tive officer was by lav clothed with a discretionary
power, and did not exercise that discretion in con-
formity to the will of the Preside.it, the Resident
might rightfully remove him. And on this ground
it was that he removed the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. But3 the act of 1836 took away all discre-
tion from that officer, and therefore Jackson's doc-
trine would  not apply, and the public moneys
would not be left subject to Executive influence
and control. The law was explicit as to what
banks might be employed, and as to the ground of
removing the public moneys.
Mr. CLAY requested Mr. Rives would allow
him to a'k whether, if General Jackson, under Ihe
law of 1836, had said to his Secretary of the Trea-
sury, "take the deposites out of this bank,.and put
them into that, or I will remove you from office,"
it would not have been done?
Mr, RIVES. I say it would not, sir. I say
the law of '36 gave the Secretary of the Treasury a
duty to perform, and that du'y only could he by
law be required !o do. He was let no discre
tionary poser, which could b3 controlled by the
Executive. If, for a moment, the principles of
this law be dispensed with, all centred of the pub'ic
money is dispensed with. Tb? passage of' thi; ia«
h.id been jasdy hailed as the triumph of American
liberty—H had been gallantly battled for by the
Senator from Kentucky himself. Now he feaied
that Senator was pushing his principle of demolition
too far and too rapidly. He, (Mr. R.) however, dis-
claimed having any sober  U advocate; he would
not seek to detain the Senate in the half-way-house
of ihe State banks, far less in such a bawdy-house
as the United States Bank of Philadelphia. Ha
now waited for the nation to build up a scheme of
its own. The Senator from Kentucky acted on a
lofty spirit of comptomisa now, as ón many former
and illustrious occasions, in asking for the plan of
the Secretary of the Treasury; he was very sure
that gentleman was acting for his country's good,
and not for party or. personal ascendency. As to
the Senator from South Carolina, he had himself de-
nounced the State banksystem as a "miserablerick-
eiy sy stem of puny legislation;" if the judgment of the
nation was against it, let it go down. He (Mr. R.)
would not plead in its favor; but for one he did not
believe the judgment of 'he nation had condemned,
as yet, either of th« substmites for a Sub-Treasury.
It was hi; opinion that the judgment of the nation
had condemned the Sub-Tr°.".<.ury, but had ex-
pressed no opinion in favor of any particular sub-
stitute. He was not willing to believe there was
but one remedy. If the fiscal agent in contempla-
tion is to be a United S'ates Bank, he (Mr. Rives)
wou'd infinitely prefer the Slate bank deposite sys-
tem authorized by the law of 1336 Admitting
the calculation of the Senator to be true as to the
proportion of non specie paying banks, still there
were some which did pay specie; and these were
situated precisely where the Government most
needed them, at prominent commercial points on
the seaboard, such, (or instance, as New York,
Boston, Clurles'on, S. C. Missouri, Ohio, &c. In
conclusion, he again would disclaim ail bigoted
attachment to any system; but avowed his pre-
f'trence even for the rickety law of 1836 to having
the deposnes left even for a moment at the Execu-
tive discretion.
Mr. BERRIEN having obtained the floor,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, June 7, 1841.
The Hon. REUBEN CHAPMAN of Alabama
appeared, was qualified, and took his seat.
The Hon. íí. W. CEESON, Representative
elect from the Slate of Pennsylvania, vice Hon.
Enos Hook, resigned, appeared, was qualified, and
look hi? seat.
!dr. BRIGG3 inquired what was the business
before the House?
The SPEAKER here rose and said that the
Chair desired respectfully to submit to the House
the difficulty under which i, labored, in conse-
quence of the situation in v,hich it was placed;
and if the House were willing to relieve itself,
without debate, from its embarrassment, the
Chair would submit a proposition which he
thought would accomplish that object. The
C^air would suggest that the House should say,
if it could be done without debate, whether it
should be governed by the rules of the laet Con-
gress, or by ths parliamentary law, until rules
should be r.'gularly adopted.
Mi. ADAMS. With the exception of the 21st
rule.
Mr. WISE inquired of the Chair what was the
order of business? Was it the resolution sub-
mitted by himself in relation to the rules, or was it
the last business before the House on the last day?
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution on
the adoption of the rules was tbe first question in
order.
So the House resumed the consideration of the
resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Wise, and
which is as follows:
"Besohid, That a committee of nine be ap-
pointed to revise, amend, and report rules for the
government of. this House; and that, until such
committee make repost, and the same be finally
acted upon, the rules and orders of the last House
of Representatives shall be considered as the rules
and orders of this House."
Which motion Mr. Adams had heretofore moved
to amend as follows:
"After the woids 'House of Representatives'in-
sert ihe words 'excepting the 21st rule, which is
hereby rescinded.' " [This rule excludes the re-
ception of Abolition petitions, &c]
Which amendment Mr. Slade had heretofore
moved to a-viend as follows:
"Strike out therefrom the words 'which is hereby
rescinded '"
Mr. WISE said he wished to read from the
journals of 1800 an authority which he thought
would settle tbe minds of the members of this
House, and stop the debate. He would call the
particular attention of gentlemen representing the
non-slaveholding States to the action of the lathers
of the Constitution on this very question. He
would read from the journals of the 5th and 6ih
Congress, from 1797 to 1801:
Upon the 2d of January, 1800, Mr. Wall of
Pennsylvania, presented a petition from Absalom
Jones and oihers, people of color and freemen,
within the city and suburbs of Philadelphia, "com-
plaining that the slave trade to the coast of Gui-
nea is carried on in a clandestine manner from
the United States; that freemen of color are seized,
fettered, and sold as slaves, in various pans of the
country; that the law not long since enacted by
Congress, called the fugitive bill, is, in its execu-
tion, attended with circumstances peculiarly hard
and distressing; and stating further, that, although
they do not ask for the immediate emancipation of
all who are now in unconditional bondage in these
States, they humbly desire that Congress may ex-
ert every mean in their power to undo the heavy
burden," &c.
Mark (said Mr. W.) the humility of this peti-
tion: it is far less objectionable than the Abolition
petitions of the present day: 'They humbly desire
that Congress may exert every mean in their pow-
er to undo the heavy burdens, and prepare the
way for the oppressed to go free, thai «very yoke
may be broken."
I ask attention (continued Mr. W.) to the pro-
ceeding on this petition:
"A motion was made and seconded that the
House do come to the following lesolution, to wit:
Resolved, That so much of ihe petition as relates to
the laws of the United States respecting the slave
trade from the United States to any foreign place
or country, and ;he ¡aft-s respecting fugitives from
justice and persons escaping from the service of
their masters, be referred to the committee appoint-
ed, on the tweltb. day of December last, to inquire
whether any, and, if any, what alterations ought
to be made m the law entitled 'An act to pro-
hibit the carrying on the slave trade from the
United States to a.ty foreign place or country.' And,
debate arising thereupon, an adjournment was
csl¡ed fot."
Tsns far (continued Mr. W.) on the 21 of Janu-
ary, 1800. Then ihey adjourned. On the next
day "ihe House resumed the eoasideiation of the
motion, depending yesterday, for the reference of
certain parts of the petition of Absalom Jones
and other.<: Whereupon, a motion was made (by a
gentleman of the North, although that does not ap-
pear on the Journals, yet I have a history of the
whole matter,) to amend the same by adding, 'And
that the parts of the said petition which invite Con-
gress to legislate upon subjects from which the
General Government is precluded by the Constitu-
