CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
Wauerson, Weller, 'Vestbrook, James W. Wil-
liams, and Wood—90.
So the second branch of the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WISE moved that the House do now ad-
journ until 12 o'clock to-m/rrow; assigning a- his
reason for the hour named, that the Speaker might
have as much time as possible to select his com-
mittees.
Mr. MORGAN asked leave to introduce a re-
solution piovidmg that the daily hour of the meet-
ing of this House should be 12 o'clock until c.faei-
wise ordered.
Objected to.
And then the House adjourned until 12 o'clock
to-morrow.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, June 8, 1841.                        ¡
Mr. TALLMADGE presented resolutions of the   j
Legislature of New  York, relative  to the public
lands; which were read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of citizens of
Maine, praying the passage of a general bankrupt
la ; which was referred to the Coaimittse on the
Judiciary.
Mr.  E, also presented the petition of citizens of
Maine, praying the establishment of a  Bank of j
the United States; which was referred to the Select
Committee on the subject.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Mr." E. Litiell, of Philadelphia, presenting the pl?,n
of a fiscal agent for the Government which was
referred to the Select Committee on the subject.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial of citizens   ¡
of Mich'gan, praying for the passage r.f a bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS presented a similar memorial
from citizens of Vermont, which had a similar re-
ference.
Mr. MOREHE\D presented the petition of
Edward Grahsm; which wa< laid on the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented  tbe memorial of 164  I
citizens of Alexandria in favor of the rccharter of
the Parmer* and Mechanic-. Bank.
Mr. BENTON pressed  the memorial of Gen.    j
Gratio'; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented  the petition of citizen?
rf Chicago,  for the  pas-age  of a bankrupt law;   !
which was referred to the Committee oi V.:e  Jud:-    ;
ciary.                                                                           ¡j
Mr. KING presented the petition  cf citizens  of I
Tuscumbia, praying ¡he passage of  a bankrupt
law, which was referred to the Committee  or,  the ¡
Judiciary.                                                                         j
The following resolutions, submitted some days j
since, by Mr. Benton, were taken up, and af'.-n- '
some unimportant amendments, were adop.ed, ,'
vi z:                                                                                   I
Resolved, That the Predcen: of th->Unit=d States I
be requested to inform tu-.'Senate v'^t amount of '
public money has been niacci in IV- h«n '■••' r,f uts- 'I
bumug officers and pgei.ts s-nc- ¡he 4' i cf Marc i '
last, aU'-what a mount of pub^c nioi.cv? now re- li
mains ¡n the hands of disbursing officers and ;
agents unarcjtwt.'d for or -lot rcpoiied to have i
been paid over according to l--w        ^             _           ;
Resolved, Thai the Pnsid ni of ':<-; Unit, u Stv> s •
be reques ed to mi. rm 'he Sen :te. ?s •-••<".• a? r.e
informaren 'V.u be o'jtaiae I ;r.v./> th^ d : ~ru-.;i'g ;
officers and asev.-., ■■' ..ii a¡iicuni3 cf ru. 1 c .r.rupv, ';
if any, vnion 'jav? r.con piacfd if. their han^, .'.re n
now on deposi e in banks; -"-a .; si, t.i - untaos oi \]
the banks, wh.:t,-er ípone f-.iV 1114 -■■ no*, rnd whe- I|
ther the c'epos'ti-: ¡sstetier''or r; ¡"ctl. _                      :
Resolved', Tr.at ih  i-tv= dent of re Uoitrd States ■ ■
4be requested to inform the Senate cf Vc  araounr of ¡J
Trea«urv notes which has been i^.uel sir-ce ¡ho. !,
fourth day of March Jas>, with the oafs thereof, !|
with the nunes of the persons or corporations to \\
whom issusd, and whe'her the same weie issued in j
payment oí demands on the Tn a^vtry, or in ex- I
change for money or bank notes; and if so ex-
changed for money or bank notes, where the same
was deposited.
Mesolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to lay before the Senate a schedule of
the payments made from the Treasury during the
months of Match, April, and May, of the present
year.
Resolví d, That the President of the United States
be requested to inforrri the Sena'c whether the ba-
lance due from the Bank of the United States has
been paid; also, whether the dividends retained by
the Bank to day darasges on the French bill of
exchanje have been paid; and, if said balance and
dividends, or either of them, have not been paid,
that the President b; requested to inform the Se-
nate what measures have been taken to obtainsuch
payment i-ince the 4'h day of March last.
M> solved, That the President of the United States
b  requested to inform the Senate what amounts
(if any thing) were due from batiks, exclusive of the
Bank of the Urdted Slates; and what measures have
been taken sinccwhe 4th day of March last to col-
lect Ihe same.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to lay before the Senate a statement
of the amounts of money received in each of the
months of March, April, and May la^t, from cus-
toms, lands, and other sources, especially, so far
a* the same can be ascertained or estimated from
the current returns; also the amount expended in
each of those months, stating separately the aggre-
gate under the three several heads for civil, mili-
tary, and nav¡t! expenditures; also, a copy of the
last weekly report of the Treasurer of the United
States, showing the arrnunt of public money on
hand, and the places in which the same are depo-
sited.
Resolved, That the President of the Uirted States
be requested to inform the Senate what allowances
have been made since the 4<h day of March last,
if any, for Florida cl.tims. arising under the inva-
s on of East Florida in 1812, with the amount in
e^ch case allowed, with the name of the claimant
and his assignee, if assigned, and the name of the
agent or counsel, and the date of filing the said
claim.
The following "isolation, submitted some days
since by Mr. Sevier of Arkansas, was taken up
and read:
Resolved, That the President of the United
Sfste:- be requested to infor.n the Senate why Gen.
Matthew Arbuckle has been removed from Ins
command at Fort Gibson, we<t of Arkansas, to
Baton Bouse, in Louisiana, where there are no
United Sla'es troops.
And the question being on its advption,
Mr. PRESTON spoke in opposiion, íníistirg
that it was unfit and inexpedient for Congress to
call on the commander-'n chief for the reasons of
every military ord-r given by him in relation to
the dota.Is oí the army. It v-a* no! proper* rcom
pefent tor a lrgi=lat've branch of me Government
!t)U5 to in'erflre with what pertained to th? D'pat't-
ment cfVpr in the location of different officers
according to its view of the exigencies of the pub-
lic service.
Mr. SEVIER said taat he .«V-ould bo gratified
had the resolution be^n suffered to p-, ■" woi.o'U
Fv.e'n lerrt'ik a* call-d him o>-* in expv.-ation >f
t!v iac s (¡1 the cf" V '.".hinh <~r* '"i-si>:_-.' < n ref< •-
r d. He hail ao wi-h to ■«?!■'e anv 'ti-t Ktr't
he1"'  wh ch roisM 're c"*isid->-rd of a pei.s -n-.l ¡,a-
•ur'. but r h' P-e-id-'tv of tb- lh:,t ¿ .1 '^ .-,;•
1- s S(0.v::-'i'v of Wir h-d a r'c ' *• 'K'ur- a
ndi ar 'n-'^o'' ',> ah : •>.: dm.-, ri-.l '. ,■.: vA '"-J-
fil rob! c f-sTv-i.", r-iid Conur-'--; l.^d "> M ht .0
ir.qii''- ¡r to t'i" m-i'.i.-r, a'1 h t-¡ri d sív s«s. tí at
this v ,'0 the f.r-t t'me '1' h.d hi'trd sue!) J v'.r.-;e
¡..'v.'-.;crii. Ke v a-; him.-cu"' ro mduiiiy man,
a"d v". fussed 'o k;-> / but liti'3 ac to '.>' vs.-\'s
(■• th« =iv..y B í there wete s.>me ¡Sines fo
¡Iain an i palpable a^ to str.ke all tnin.s sf
foniri' u sjnse, on tje mere nresentation 0."
them, rs b>-ir.g wrrn?, oppressi'.-e, and ¡yr.in-
:ic?l. Gen. Aibuelue had been ir. th  "Ve t ¡or
twenty yr" s His military command cm^rse-'d
lac whoieof the post0 on our western frontier fnt'i'e
had conduct'-d h'ms'liin it insuch a ininner as ful-
ly to satisfy alt the people of thai region of country.
But, since the 4th of March las!, he had been re-
moved from Fort Gibson and sent to Baton Rouge,
a post where there -vas not even a single company
of soldiers, and where he had no duty to perform.
He had not been  ordered into Florida, lest from
his mili'ary rank he should supersede a Govern.
ment favorite in   command there, (Co!. Worth;)
but he had been sent substantially into exile at Ba-
ton Rouse.    Why was this?   Why was a brave
and veteran officer of sixty years of age, who had
been forty years in the army, to be publicly dis-
graced in bis old days, and this without reason as-
s'gned?   Why, he asked, was  such an order is-
sued?    He (Mr. Sevier) himself íesided on the
frontier, and was in circumstances to know in his
pnvate  and  personal capacity   the true reasons
which had led to such a step; reasons, however,
which he no hope to obtain from the Department,
even should  the resolution be adopted.   He had
been told by an officer of the Government to whom
he had applied, that General Arbuckle had been so
long at Fort Gibson that it was time he was re-
moved to make room for others.   If, indeed, that
principle was to be carried out in the case of other
officers in the same region, he might believe there
was some truth in it.    But why must it be ap-
plied only in a single case, and to an officer in
whom ail  the  people  of   that country had full
faith; who, by his firmness, vigilance, and pru-
dence, had kept thatfrontier in peace and quietness,
notwithstanding the action of Government had col-
lected there so large a body of dissatisfied and hos-
tile Indians? Why was he removed from his post?
The true reason was because the course he had pur-
i sued, th<ugh eminently beneficial to  the United
¡  States, had been against the interests of John Ross.
To gratify John Ro=s, the Government had openly
dbg'aced a brave, vigilan , veteran officer, and sent
him into exile; sent him to a post where there was
I  a sergeant and not men   enough  to make a com-
:  pany,  while it had put into his place a junior
officer, (General Taylor,) and that entirely against
Taylor'  wish and every feeling of hts heart.   For
he (Mr. Sevier) well knew that he would be the
j very lest man  to seek any elevation for himself at
the cost of the wounded feelings of a brother in
arms.    It could not be that he bad been thus re-
moyed simply because he had been long at that
j   port, for Brady and Atkinson had been,as long and
!   lonser at theirs, ard yet were not r- moved.    He
I   (Mr Sevier) wanted to see whether the Secretary
I   of War, out of mere favoritism, could, at his so-
i   vereign will and pleasure, thus order a meritorious
I   officer into exile?   If hi  could, it was time that
the army should know it.    He (Mr. Sevier) knew
General   Arbuckle well,  and   was his  personal
li lend, although he had not seen  him for the last
ten year-, and scarce heatd from htm in that time.
But he would not stand quietly by and see a friend
of his di-graeed w.thnut a cause, and not raise his
¡1  voice against such oppression,    lie was astonished
i|  at ihe lerrarksoi the Senator from South Carolina,
¡!   [Mr. Preston ]    Congress had no right to inquire?
¡I   Were membeis of lha*. House to be rnuzziec? The
jl  represen'aii"-s  of the  States  arid   the  people  to
I!  hiv-' padlocks  on   their iin^?    it would be  hard
'   pu.t'ng a l«ck on hi* mouth.    H:   wanted to see
''   fe y;Vi-et.',-yV reasons; he «Kant the public reasons-
,,   ihe rf asor.s o.-.cniy a.-star,ed; for, as <o the true causes
''  of this mnvemer.t.he ¡ei=red that those could not be
1,  got ?t  by ..ny f'ongre'.>!onal inquiry.    Here was
'!  a¡;  officer r!' 61) years old, wit's locks bleached
j'  white in   die  íervic of   i.i- coanlry,   vcfao   had
,1  r -t pprfofiiicii  a switle  public act that was not
1;  anpioyr-'  ,y h's  fellow-uit'zeris; 't-ho had wa.'ched
i'  o.-°r   th'lr   jn'ec   a ,d   Kept   th?   whole   Iron-
|j  ti°r  m   c-vet;   ¡.ad   must   he   be   disgraced   to
j' gi.tiiy  ¿'¡.¡in    Tics?     Mr.   S.   had   reason   to
j'  b l:?-.'3  that   Tihn Eos-;   was   to  be gratifrd in
;! mothci   rupee.   To pWie him, ths post at Fort
¡' Gi'n'on. " as to be wi'hdrawc from the Indian coun-
:! fy,that :;.''-< m-gl.t be left atl'hertyto slay and
I;  -lauchter  e-ery Indian cli et' who  had signed a
.|  tieaty  wli'ch h<". disapproved.    He  woold  not,
',1 howé.'c, to into that subject  now.   He would
ij g re this nh'. sic to  the Secretary in broken doses,
¡| tiuend'r. * to reserve what he had  to sav on  that
ij  matter to a future occasion.    He had hoped  he
wou'd  have been spared the  pain of making this
speech.    He knew he  was  in the minority,  and
that  the friends of ¡lie  Administration  could,  if
they pleased, stifhali inquiry.   If Gen. Arbuckle
waj to be disgraced, he had no power to help it,
