3Q
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but he should do his duty in this case and there
leave it.
Mr. PRESTON said as to the merits of the in-
dividual case now referred to he could not speak,
for he knew nothing of the facts; but-he submitted
to the Senate and to the candor of the gentleman
from. Arkansas himself, whether it was a proper
and becoming thing for the Senate to call upon the
officer at the head of the army publicly to explain
the reasons of every military order given by him
to a subaltern? An officer, after having been many
years at a particular post, was transferred to an-
other point. He must object to calling for the
reasons, military or other, on which every such
order was founded. Once establish this principle,
and every officer removed against his wishes from
one part of ths country to another would be en-
titled to have that removal made the subject of le-
gislative inquiry. Whenever it might be judged
expedient that an officer who, by long remaining in
one command, had formed many associations,
and who was known, perhaps, to entertain diffe-
rent views of military policy from those embraced
by the Government, was, on either of these ac-
counts, transferred to a different or distant post, he
would consider himself as having a right to make
his appeal to Congress. Against this he (Mr.
Preston) should set his face. The Senator from
Arkansas considered General Arbuckle as dis-
graced by being transferred to a different command.
He could not so understand it. That officer had
occepted his commission under the known condi-
tion that he was to go wherever the Government
mightdeem his services most conducive to the gene-
ral good, and far be it from bim (Mr. Preston) to
consider him disgraced whenever the Government
in his case exercised this right. It might be a
sufficient ground for his removal that he had been
so long in one particular spot, that many interests,
and possibly many prejudices, had grown up around
him, and had associated themselves with his pecu-
liar opinions and view*, in which views the Go-
vernment might not coincide. But if, on this ac-
count, the officer considered himself injured, his
rights and his honor infringed, there were military
tribunals open to him, where he might apply tor
and obtain redress. The slightest touch upon hi-,
honor might immediately be examined into by a
court of inquiry. But Mr. P. did not, and con Id
not, and could not, understand that besause a trans-
fer might be disagreeable to an officer, it inferred
any disgrace. Implicit obedience was one of the
first duties of a soldier. Was it a disgrace to be
sent to Baton Rougt? Had every officer who \v>a
sent there an immediate right to apply to Congress?
But this call for reasons came with no good grace
from the honorable Senator from Arkansas, whose
party friends held the doctrine ¡hat no reasons
were to be demanded or given pvpii in the case of
removals from civil office, and who had steadily
refused to give such reasons when officially called
upon. He did not make it a point with any ps-
cnliar reference to this case, but on general consi-
derations of propricy and decorum. Should the
resolution be agreed to, and the Senate call upen
the President for the reasons of this mib'taty order,
the President might perlnps say in reply that tins
was a matter which l?,v exclusively with the Exe-
cutive, and that he did not choose to give any an-
swer to the inquiry. He should n<:t like to se the
Senate placed in such a position, and therein)e d,d
not think it proper to vote for the call.
The morntDg hour bein^ now expired, the or-
ders of the day were called for.
Mr. CLAY said he hoped the resolution would
be laid or> the table.
Mr. SEVÍEK. claimed the floor. The Senator
from South Carolina had appealed to him m can-
dor to say whether the Senate had a right to inquire
into the reasons of every military order. Onain-
ly it had. In this tree country, ths military was
as yet subord'nate to the civil power. The
Senator had asked whether General Arbuckle
was disgraced by being sent to Baton Rouge.
Most certainly be was. He had been le-
moved from an extensive and important command,
and transferred to a petty poft, where there were
neither troops nor garrison. The Senator had said
that he could get redress.   But what redress could
he expect from a court of inquiry? The order of
which he complained was in Us form according to
law, and, sooner than make complaint at such a
tribunal, Gen. Arbuckle would cut his threat. The
Senator had said, further, that the party to which
Mr. S. belonged had refused to give reasons for re-
moval . Yes; and what was the doctrine insisted
on by the Senator and his friends? That the ..de-
mand for reasons was of right, and that the refusal
to give them was one of the enormities of the late
Administration. Now, it seemed, the case was al-
tered. But he would not prolong the discussion, but
would content himself by calling for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and then, on motion of
Mr. MANGUM, the resolution was for the present
laid on the table.
Mr. RIVES adverting to a desire expressed by
Mr. Buchanan some days since for further time to
examine the question of international law involved
in the correspondence between the Secretary of
Slate and Mr. Pox, said that it had been his desire
to call up the motion to refer the subject
to-day, but not wishing to interfere with the order
of the day, he now gave notice that he should call
it up on the earliest opportunity to-morrow.
The Senate then passed to the order of the day,
which was the bill to
REPEAL THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
And the question being on the following amend-
ment, moved by Mr. Calhoun:
That so much of the 5th section of the act of 22d
June, 183$, as provides that^io bank shall be se-
lected or continued as a place of deposite of the
public money, which shall, after the 4th of July,
1836,issue or pay out any note or bill of a less de-
nomination than f 5; and that no notes or bills of
any bank be received in payment of any debt due
to the United S ates which shall, af.er the said 4 h
of July, 1836, issue any note or bill of a less deno-
mination than $5, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed;                                                                    t
as an amendment to the following, moved by Mr.
Clay:
Jlud he it further enacted, That all of the act en-
titled "An act to regula'e the deposites of the pub-
lic money," which passed on the 23J June, 1838,
except the 13th and 14th sections thersof, and the
act supplementary thereto, approved 4lh of July,
1836, entitled "An act supplementary to an act to
regulate the. derjosiies of the public money," passed
23d June 1836, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed: Provided, That this repeal shall not affect
or impair any securities which may have been
taken for the safe-keeping of ihe public moneys de-
posited with any of the bank-; in the said act men-
tioned, nor any remedies to enforce the said secu-
rities which have been, or may hereafter be, prose-
cated.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the Senate havin
I   adjourned on his motion yesterday,  hi  would now
1  briefly   submit   .in explanation   of the   motivas
which had induced hioi to make ¡hat motion.    He
i  had not lelt etiii.ely satisfied either wi;li ¡he amend-
¡  ment at first moved by the Senator firm Kentucky,
!  [Mr. Clay,] or the substitute tcr that amend-iient
!  moved by ihe Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
!   Calhoun ]    They presented to him these aiterna-
'•   lives: if the amendment moved bv Mr Clay shou'd
prevail,and lbs depoii'e act of 1836 should ihnreby
i  be repealed, ths country would he ihrow-i back on
ihe original law pawed in j 739, establishing the
i  Treasury Department, which diree'ed ¡hat the pub
he, money should  be kept by a Treasurer of the
;  Unit-: d States; and also upon 'he remlution of 1816,
|   which declared in  what  medium the public dues
;   were receivable.    With Ibis result Mr. 8. was not
satisfied.   Th°. practical effect of it would be ¡his:
under the general direction to the Treasurer to keep
the pubbc moneys, that officer would adopt one of
two courses: cither he would avail himself of the
I  depository under the existing law, u-hich stripped
■  the Sub Treasury of its -jents and of its specie re-
|  quiremenis, or he would exercse an unlimited dif-
!  cretion in selecting the banks which should receive
and retain the public funds in 'heir po^se?si®n.    In
oiher words, the en'ire «mount of the public ire-
sure would be placed at the sbs!lute discrete n of
an executive officer.    As he (Mr. Berrien) and
all those with whom he acted had protested against
and opposed with all earnestness such a state of
things, he could not acquiesce in an amendment
which went to bring it back on the countiy. The
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] contemplated, not the repeal, but
the preservation and the continuance of the act of
1836, divesting it, however, of the disabilities cre-
ated by the fifth section, which forbade the Secre-
tary to make any deposites of public money in
banks issuing bills below the denomination of five
dollars, or in banks not redeeming their notes on
demand in specie. This amendment would have
left the country under the operation of the act of
1836, in a modified shape. Now he had been de-
sirous of examining this law, and ascertaining
whether, in the changed condition of the country
since the date of its passage, it would be possi-
ble to give it a practical operation, provided no
bank or other fiscal agent should be established
by Congress at its present session. It had been
suggested that a difficulty arose in this respect
from the large number of banks which were in
a state of suspension, although, on the other hand,
it bad been stated that many banks in different
parts of the country stiff continued specie payments,
and might be used as depositories" under the provi-
sions of that law, and that these were situated at •
those important commercial points where the col-
lection and disbursement of the public revenue
chiefly took place. He was not contented with
founding on these representations a deliberate act
of legislation. On examining the law for himself,
he found in it a provision calculated to remove the
difficulty which was alleged to exist on this score;
for the first section of the law declared that, if the
Secretary of the Treasury could not find, within a
given district of countiy, a sprcie-paymg bank issu-
ing no bills under five dollars, he might resort to
some other district where such bank did exist, and
might mat* arrangements with it to establish a
branch or office in the district where he wamed to
make his depovite, and might use such office as his
depository. This met and removed the cbjection,
aid the country would then be left under the act of
1836, so far modified as to permit the Secretary to
employ banks issuing small notes. It would, how-
ever, in all probability, be unnecessary to adopt
either of the amendments proposed, for his hope
awl belief was, that but a very brief interval
could intervene after the repeal of ihe Sub-Treasu-
ry, before Congress would provide a substitute for
it, for the Senate would recollect that the chairman
of the Finance Committee, when repor.ing the bill
nor before the Senate for the repeal of the Sub-
Treasury law, announced this as being but the first
in a series of fiscal measures to be reported by that
committee. Considering it to be a fact that the
opinion of the American people, clesrly and fully
expressed, required tho prompt repeal of the Sub-
Treasury law, and viewing it as the duty ef ihe Se-
nate for'hwjth to proceed to that repeal, he was
not wilün?. in the interval between me repeal and
the adopti, n of a substitute, that the pr.blic trea-
sure should in fact b?, or should even seem to b?,
under the discretionary control of an Executive
officer, U;on the whole,he was content, alter the
Sub-Treasury should have been repealed, to leave
the country under the ?ct of 1836 as it now stood,
without any mouiricaton, but w^tti the express un-
derstanding that, should Congress fail to adopt any
substituía in the sbspe of a bank or fiscal agent,
then the Senate would advisediy proceed tc modify
that law, as the changed circumstances of the
ccuntry should seem to require. This was his view
of the matter. He came here instructed by a large
majority of the people of his district to put as
speedy an end to the Sub Treasury law as might be
consistent wish just legislation, and then to lend
his aid in providing a substitute for it. By vhat
name this substitute should be called was to him a
thing perfecdy indifferent, provided it would p r-
form tie duty of an efficient fiscal agent, by fur-
nishing a sa:e depository for the public money, fa-
cilitating the transfer of the funds of Government,
and last, and not leas', by exerting a renovating in-
fluence on the Gurrency of the country. If he mrst
speak comparatively ce the relative value of the
oojects to be effected by such an agent, candor
would oblige him to say that his constituents const-
