CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
dered that as most important which went imme- ■
diately to operate on their personal interests, name-
ly, it influence in rescuing the national currency
from its present state of degradation. The dry
thus required by his constmr nts, he was ready to
discharge wherever the opportunity should be sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN said 'hat he was not r-ure he
understood distinctly the position taken by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr, Berrien.] If he rightly
comprehended the position he had assumed, it was
his intention to vote first against tho amendment
to the amendment, and then against the amend-
ment itself, thereby leaving the law oí 1836 un-
altered
Mr. BERRIEN explained his position.
Mr. CALHOUN sai-: that he had so understood
him. He, (Mr. Calhoun,) understood the Sena-
tor's object to be simply to repeal the Sub-Trea-
sury law. Toe amendment he proposed would so
modify the act of lb36, as to render it avadable
for the purposes of Government, until a substitute
should be provided. If this is not adopted, we shall
have a Sub-Treasury, in effect, uncontrolled by
law. If the gentleman would vote ¡or his (Mr.
Calhoun's) amendment, it would remove the disa-
bilities in the law of 1836 as to banks not pay-
ing specie and banks issuing small notes; but if
the gentleman would vote against both amend-
ments, and leave tho law as it stood, then, when
the Sub-Treasury had been repealed, the pub-
lic money would be left to be managed by tr.e
Secretary just as he pleased, and the law would, in
all probability, never be modified. He had moved
his amendment solely in reference t > that which
had been moved by the Senator'from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay.] He was, indeed, glad that the Sen:—
tor had moved that amendment, because its discus-
sion had shown that that gentleman lightly under-
stood wnat would be the operation of a repeal of
the Sub-Treasury. H-i had bten obl'ged to admit
that the country would then, be under the law of
1836. He hoped -the question would be ta-
ken on the amen ¡merits iu tlici: order, He de-
manded the yeas and na>s.
Mr. WALKER, said the yeas and nays having
been ordered, he was coiibir-iined to state the rea-
sons which should govern i.im in giving a vote dif-
ferent from that of his political friendo. The Se-
nate was about to repeal ihe Sub-Tr-asury law,
and if no substitute should be provided, it was
about to re-estabiivh the State bank system. He
Wis in favo; of the Sub Treasuiy, and ne wa3 op-
posed to ns repeal, for he greatly piet'erred the
Sub-Treasury, as ¡t is, to any tub-titu'e which
could be provided; but be was ínily awtre that a
powerful party, now commanding a majority in
both Houses of Congr< ss, was utterly opposed to
that measure, and he could not for a moment doubt
that iis repeal wo'ild be effected. The r.ext ques-
tion that would present itself would b., whit sub-
stitute was to be provided? A TJm'eo Stiles Bank
is in contemplation. To that <">. \va° eppossd. Me
was ah-o opposed to the svs sm euj ' 'u'.ed for;';
for the very la.-.t he «as wil'hg to r-Jop;, was ihe
State bank system. To this he w_;- ivteiiy op-
posed, and liad bten fiom If.  fir.-*. P.? hue op-
posed it in 1S33. and i*, -.'.-¿s per -a;--. ' . eniy fie .-
sure of General Jii'kro..,sad.in;iistr.i'i >'i vp 'o that
time from which he iiad d.s ei*'-*d. il.s cor;tf«-
ents, with a fu'! !:no p1¿j¡tj o' h '- oí-je?. i.- o to vui
system, haü elected h.m to ¡h:' Se ta'e i>: 1 '35, and
he nev¿r had reMnom-.,ed hU i3,,'i;r.'t:v,i :o ihe
measare iror-, tía* tirae to th.- Hi bad v/cd
against the If, .v of 1836 o > two ' louii.i.-: ¡;r-i, h .-•
cause in coni-vi.ed fie ni^n *¡¡¡i n ..>-.>) .i do, t'::i,
secondly, because it e;'"bli-hed 'hi' ots.c bar.'c s> s-
tem, and he had at ¡mu time ifcoidci h s ¡ii\d edon
that thatsystoji would evp ole and '".it. V'u.'ii
again elected, he had aaaiti announce.; h<s opposi-
tion to ih° system, and r.."d said that th"io V'i> i no
alternative w.tinn th>* l.mits ol the Constitution
which he shou d .iot prefer to it. What
was the opinion of the people of jv1is.,iss.'ppi with
regard to a Bank of 'he United S>ates might fcn
doubtful—but cf this there could be no dou'ii, that
both parlies in thai State were utterly op,', se.i to
the employment of State banks as dep- snorii s for
¡he public money.    If the vote h« was called upon
to give was a vote for the repeal of the Sub-Trea- i
sr.ry, he should vote against its repeal. He was in
favor of that system. But the vote he was now
called upon to give was one which would reinstale
th« State bank depos re system. To that the peop'e
ot his State were uncompromisingly opposed. As
their representative, faithfully reilecting ireir opi-
nions, henever would give his vote to readopt that
repudiated and e.vpf-d-d system, yet this was what
he was now called to vole for; for i> could not be
concealed that it he voted against the amendment
p¡opo?ed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay] he voted for the readopUon of the system of
State banks. Gentlemen had told the Senate that
ihey would not leave the public treasure at the
discretion of the President for a single day: he
would tell thetu that, by the aid of bis vote, that
treasure never should be placed under tbe control
of State banks fur a sintde day. However he
might differ from the Pie dent on some ••otnts, he
still had confidence in his integrity, but he ha! no
confidence whatever in the integrity of the banks.
He was utterly unwilling to give a vote through
which the bank deposite system might, by possibili- ,
ty, remain the law of the land. He believed it be
the worst system that ever had been devised—the
m,"st corrupting system that the wit of man could
invent. It caused the banks to crouch like menials
at the foot of the Executive, and it placed in the
■ hands of the President a more dangerous power
thrn human \v>Hloro,_or rather than human folly,
ever before corrrtved. Gentlrmen «".«re so very
much opposed to Execu'ive discretion that, although
they admitted they had no doubt some substitute
would be ,.dop:ed for the Sub-Treasury scheme,
t'ney would not havo the public moneys subject to
Executive discretion for a sh-gle day. He would
toll these gentlemen that it they continued the
law of 1836 they would leave that treasure at the
control of Executive discretion, not for one day,
but for months together. Fie would call the at-
tention of the Senate to the 4th section of that
law. They would find that the Secret;., y must, in
the First place, call upon all the backs of t!v,e coun-
try to show him their hand; to lay before hiai their
amount of stock; their circulation and their liabili-
ties; and, in a word, their entire condition. And
then, wh-sn all the-e reports had come i", the Se-
cretary must make an impartial selection from
among thmi of the banks to receive the public de-
posites. Then be ir.Lst write to inform these banks
of hisdeci-ion. Nor e^ert then was the operation
over, for the selected banks must enter inio con-
tract w'th the Sec etary.-lust give him bond and
security, and that security must be considered and
approved. Who cou'd doubt that all this would
consume more t'm? thñn was likely to intervene
between the repeal of the Sub-Treasury and the
adoption of rt substitute for ".? The very least
time requisite for a due compliance with this part
of the law wcufi bs two months. Th* objection-',
th rcfo'e, of gentlemen ab"iit leaving the public
money at Executive control during the interval
v:: re perfectly futile. The remedy they r> -"vis-d
v/ ivId p're* the r ,oa y equally in h>; rcjitoi r id
for u lor-rT t rcc. 13 it, even sh. ni I ,io s-ubsh'.rSe !
-<.'iia e-'5r be pdrp -d r -:', ■ iiuh-T-eas-j. , ho "-.-=•
¡,'i'd t'Mer'v r.p-ios- ■' t • '.-¡u'v ;-g, bv . ov '*o e i.f h,s.
th-l-v.- flS33, I. never sb-iid b°cc,-=r. H.
of ¡he 'ia.t !•/ h- pel f,.' fay r.c-'io', '■<■>■■: or
icrt'. To '.hi* rv '.■'•en hi opr-ly ivr.vei ¡>i -.->-
se!: h'^'K f.e "i"?'.: -n" '-"' '-''■ ippj, r". r.-.l>
i:i 1333. hot s;"i t ;'a It'SO "10. Ja .h!.s •;■— S1
sitio;. ¡no, '•'-■ r-'OT>'r- of MÍS'.Ji.'rpi v.; I!
i:.ia'',i;.'„n . Hi wou.' it; e s-vsij.-' n.a-o;.s
i w he *v;s ¡pr-o-ei to v. ThAi ;a-.v f---.ru-
I p;it'.''i 'he Presiden; to select Ctalc back* as
I ri-cil aien's of t^e G-'V-rnrnvfii; a>;d, rro-e :h:n
that, i<" compelled litm to use S'ate baaiís as ir- ¡
sti'ii'ien s to loan out the pubbc money; at i this
¡VIr. ,:«■ consid'"'*'ea a-- one of the great ard efiiciT-t
causes of tu  pre«eni caiastr phe ¡n the p-tcumiiv
condition of the i'-ot-nirv. He now p-it ¡tie qjr^-
t;on 'o his fiif nds on this side ( f the Hoive, whet:.:r
such wer  net tie provisions of the la-''. W^
it not a fací th?t thai law did oblige th" Piesident
to direct thi brnks to loan out the public mone**?
Did it not require the banks to pay in>eres* for the
deposites?   And for what were they to do this?
Were they to pay the Government money for le*ve
to keep tire public funds in their vaults as a spe-
cial deposite ? Would the banks pay interest for
leave to incur a risk ? Surely net; and no man in
his senses could deny that by exacdn.? such inte-
rest the Government did viitually order the banks
to loan out the public money deposited in their
hands. The Pre-ident might give such an erder
if he thought proper, though he, (Mr. Walker,)
believed he never would do it- but he never should
do it by his vote. Let not gentlemen disguise it
from themselves, for they never could disguise it
from the country, that, by voting down the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, they were
re-adopting the State bank system. They cer-
tainly adopted it during the interval between the
repeal of the Sab-Treasury and the adoption of
a substitute, and if no substitute should be adopt-
ed, then they left it on the country as the law
of tbe land. He never would vote for it. He
repeated the declaration that he considered it as
the very last of all substitutes for the Sub-Trea-
sury. He did not behave that there were five
hundred voters in the State of Mississippi who did
not fully concur with him in that opinion. It might
be doubful whether the Siaie was for the Sub-
Treasury or for a bank. There was a vast party
in favor of both. But the Stale banks had no
party; they had no frieuds. And should Mr. W.
by his vote put upon their necks a system like,
this.? Never. It was agaiast his own judgment—
it was against the wishes of his constituents, and
never should have a vote of his. The State banks
of Mississippi bad been the scourges of the State,,
yet this act of 1886, if revived, would compel the
President to place ihe public moneys in those very
banks to be loaned out to their favorites. By this
vote the Demociatic psrty were asked to fall back
upon the State bank system, having first, under the
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina,
authorized ¡hern to issue "one and two dollar notes.
We were asked as a party to readopt by our votes,
aided by a few Conservatives, the State bank sys-
tem, and stand upon that system as an antagonist
of any measure our opponents might propose.
To take such a stand would be iataj to the hopes
of the Democratic party. If the Sub-Treasury
and State bank system were both repealed, a Banlc
of the United Slates was not the only alternative.
If he rightly understood the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, the President was op-
posed to the esiablisUinentoi a Bauk of the Uaited
States, He stated in the message that the people
of t'-ie Union hal approved the veto of General
Jackson on the bill rechartenrg that instiiution.
Tnc President did not propose a Bank, butre-
eo'ii nended some fiscal agency as a substitute for
it; and in the lattfr part of his message, where he
spoke of the District of Columbia, he (Mr.
Walker) understood him as distinctly designating
the ssat of Gjvernment as a proper place
f-.r it. Now, if this fiscal agency wai not
to be in incorporated inst.tudon, bat one
fiee f'om the constitutional obj"cuons which
lay K^atnst the Eaik of the united Stales,
he, for one, though he should pr.fer the Sob-Trea-
t'Jiy, wouid h'd.iij say that he should wefer such
a*i íris'iíiui-'-s lo tac system of Sia'e banks, and he
had no do„ ..! -.hat fcur-fii'.hs of h s whole constitu-
ency wo il.3 "do ir.e sau;C. He felt bound, by tbe
de!;O."?, e r.suP oi h.s judgment, to vote against
•nc t.s'ie'.di,-!".it lo reinstate the act of 1836.
ill.*. DENTON sai'* the Sen. tor from Mississip-
pi ii-.ú aú'..,.-i.cd s-me of his seii'imants. On look-
ii'g into :h ■ 'vil ¡low before lite Senate, it wi a;d be
fod i'iV ; ,e 17th section '■( the Independent
Tica-Ufy la.v is í.-cnacted. He would rather, in
;;,e i-ipeal, ¡his section was made an exceptien. It
uoes c *ay, however, whether re-enacted or except-
i,i fiom repeal, with the main objee ions of the Se-
naio: iwia^Mississippi, as to the possible raisap-
p.icati n of public money p:acea on deposite. He
("sir. BestoV) had risen to state itiat he would m-
doilely prefer linu ITiti sietion teing excepted frcm
ívp^ai, ( > us being ie-enactcd It would stand a
monument of a system whicu he ar.d his fiiends
had clung to rs the return to co'is-.itutional princi-
pias. It would show that there was some-
thing   good   in    the   law   they    had   been   in
