ííl
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
manner as the cunency authorized by law to be
received m payment for the pubAe lands Provided,
however, That the receipts given by the Treasurei
of the United States, pursuant to the authouty con-
ferred in this section, shall not be negotiable or
transferable, by delivery, or assignment, or in any
other manner whatsoever, but shall, in all cases, be
presented in payment for lands  by or lor tn • per-
son to whom the receipt was given, as shown upun
its face.
And was decided in the negative—ayes 16, noe^.
30, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs . Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, King, MoRoberts, P erce, Se-
vier, Smith ot Connecticut, S uiseon, T-ppan,
Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16
NAYS—Messrs. Archei, Birrow, Baits, Bajard,
Berngn, Buchanan, Cho te, Clay oí Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Mil'er,
Morehead, Pbelp-, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith oi Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbndge—30.
The question was then taken on the folio a mg
amendment-
And be it further enacted, That the Mint of
the United States, in the city of Philadelphia, in
the State ot Pennsylvania, and the B'anch Mint in
the city of New Orleans, in ihe Stale of Louisi-
ana, and the vaults and safes thereof, respectively,
shall ba places of deposite and safe keeping oi the
public moneys at those points respectively, and
the Treasurer of the said Mint and Branch Mint
respeetivsly, for the time being, shall have t!ie cuts-
tody and care of all pubhc moneys deposited withm
the same, and shall perform all the duties requtied
to be performed by them, in reference to the rtt  ipt,
safekeeping, transfer, and disbursements ol all
such moneys, according to the piovision^ herein-
after contained.
And was decided in the negative—ayeo 17, noes
30, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Btnton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Km?, McR iberls Nichol on,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith ot Connecticut, Slutgioii,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbuiy, Wright, and Young
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bartow, Bites, Biy-
ard,Berrien,Buchanan,Choate,Clay if Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hendí r on, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Mcirick, Miler, Moit-
head, Phelps, Porter, Pnntiss, Prtsti n, Ilivis,
Simmons, Smith ot Indiana, Suuthard, f alluiadge,
White, and Woodbndge—JO
The question was tnen taken on the following
amendment:
****'** ¿nd that if any oil ol tl«
said oilicci-, oi of tho e connected with the Ptst
Qtflct Department, oha 1 cotweit 'o hi own use, ,n
any way whatevei, or shad use, by way ol invtst
meut, in any kind oí property oi merchandise, or
hail loan, wi'h or without interest, any portion of
the public moneys entrusted to him forsatekeepmg,
disbursement, transfer, or for any oib-r purpose,
every such at t shall be deemed and adjudged to be
an einbe7?lement ot to much ot the said mouejs
as shall be thus taken, converted, ínvrMe!, used,
or loaned, which is nercby declared to be a itlony,
and any officer or agent oí ihe United Siates, and
all persons advising or participating m such act,
bemg convicted thereof before any court i i iht
United States of competent jurisdiction, shall be
sentenced to imprisonment lur a term not less
than six months, nor more than five yoars, and to
a. fine equal to the amount of the money embez
zled.
And was decided m the negative—ayes 17, noes
30, as flows'
YEAS—Mersrs. Allen, Btn'on, Calhoun, Chy
of Alabama, Fulton, Kins;, McRoberts, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sm geoi,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, W^ght, and Young
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay
ard, Berrien, Buchanan, Ch. ate, Clav oi Kentuekv,
C'aylo', Dixon, E ani,Graham, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Mil er, More
head, Dhelps,  Porter,  Prentos,  Presten,   Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana,Southard, Tallmadge,
WHi e, and Woodbndge—30.
Mr. BENTON then offered the following amend-
ment
¿Ind be it further enacted, Tnat the Bank of
the United Slates, commonly called the Penns) 1-
van.a Bank of the United States, an i its. branches
and the local banks and agencies cvned by it, shall
not be entrusted with the collection or safe-keeping
or t ansferor disourscnent of the public mone}s
or any naa theieof.
Mr CLAY said that he had no hesitation in de-
claring, af-<er all the disclosures that had recently
been made, that he should d' preca'e as much as
any ^cotleman could o thw unp'oiii'i ut ot that
bank by the Government as a depository of the
public iun<<* He had intimated the op men as
much as ihree years ago, that the Government was
tut loo<e from that institution f>om the period of
its i barter by the Slate of Penn-ylvpnia But still
he could not consent to toe adoption of such an
amendment as that proposed If die Senate was
to declare its disapprobation oí the management of
a particular bank, there v ere many otnus, such as
the Owl Creek bank, &c which might with equil
juslice be mcluael in the denunciation He did
not, tiowever, consider it as co sporting with the
dignity of ihe Senate to entei upon any such course
ot discrimination, and he hoped the amendment
vould not prevail.
Mr. BENTON said theie weie pi cuitar reasons
why the United States Bank of Philadelphia should
be particularly excepted It was a bank which had
beei established as the repiesenutivc of the United
States Bauk. It bore their name, And wps sup-
posed tu have theii sanction by rainy It had,
under false colors, imposed upon confiding fort ígn-
ers, and del luded them of immense sums He
was. leaoy to admit that other State banks had be-
haved very badly, but the case ot this bank
Mood distinguished ¡mm all others, buaus^ it
had ot finally come into exist nee under a
ehaiter frint the United Stales, and the eyes
oí í0!eJo'ie>s uete in a peculia1 ¡nannei fixed
up nn It had litdy hem made known by one
wJl trq int ' wi'ii all the fact , tnat Ihe last <-u*.-
pt n ion 11 t c Um cd States Batik oi Piuladclrh a
was ta sed by hci ona underhand scheaic , to
bleak do i't tin pxu p, ji'g banks c í New York,
and if he lr d bto.ic theíardís o N<-w York all
h J bt u oroKt Nc Yo'k was the heau ol our
i oncy d sj ttin flu heart—du bear—sht
eh ove her dag^ei at the heait By dr.i virg fo-
reign bilk without means or «iulnoiitv,sht expected
to ovcrwh Im diese banks. It wa> by her plotting
sad scheming that the suspensu n of 1837 «Sj
bi ought about It th*> S ate tanks now ur 'er st s
pension ot pceie payments be aU'ed what is tbe
tut of t'eir suspension, tnev wnl inswei that
liej upended Lic-iiise ihe Fhila elphia banl s
su fended I! fhty tie ¿sktd when will th v re-
sume, trty wid answ r, when the b 'iks m Pi ik-
dflphia resume They dad recmlv ma e an ef-
fort to resume, but this b>nk \u 1 ¡uslant'y run
uron them and forced them to lclutn to a suspen-
sion II the country is thrown back upon the
S ale bank system, a construction mav be given to
the law ot 36 that dejosiies may be made in a
bank not paying sp( cie He wished lo leave no
po a o'e chame that tins bank, whose stock is not
wc rib. i no cent, oou'd in any eyent be chosen For
litis reason he wished its special t xeeption She
oug t to be brought down to the level he merits
Let her be eieep ed by name
Mr BAYARD admitted ihe cu'pabiluy of the
bank, but opposed the amendment as unnecessary,
because the law ot 1836 expressly prohibited ihe
Gonrnmeiit fiom employing a*iy bank «inch did
not pay specie
Mr WOODBURY, in reply to this, expíame
the construction oí that law by the Treasury De-
partmeit When that D-partrnent falfjndsto
deposite, and no bank could be fouud which con-
formed to the provisions of ihe law of 1836, the
Department considered it elf as tnrown back on
the p evious la*, and ander that law at liberty to
place the deposites m non- pecie paying banks
What else could it do, unleso it threw the money
into the streets?
Mr DIXON said he should vole against the
amendment, both because he thought it improper
to refer to individual banks, and especially because
this bank assigned as one cauie of ts suspension
the hard treatment ot the United States Govern-
went.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Allen, Archei, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Cay of Alabama, Fulton, King
McRober's, Nicnokon, Pierce, Sevier, Smith o>
Connecticut, & urgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil*
hams, Woodbuiy, Wright, and Young—20
NAYS—Messrs Bairow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Chonte, C ay oí Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Giaham, Hender.on, Huntington, Ker,
Man?um, Merrick, Miller, Mori head, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prent ss, Pre ton, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, Woodbndge
—28
Mr TALLMADGE objected to that clause of
the bill which made a refusal to pay over money
to the order of tne Government prima facie evi-
dence of embezzlement, as vtolatiEg t'.e great prin-
ciple of criminal law, that every man is to be held
innocent until he is proved to be guilty It might
so happen that an innocent agent, thiough Ihe dea h
of hi-s witnesses, might be unable to prove his in-
nocence, and would it not be haid to convict and
putaish him m such a case, by throj mg the burden
of proof on him, instead of taking it upon the Go-
vernment'
Mr MANGUM replied that, while the rule
operated very favorablj for the Government, it in-
flicted no real injury on individuals It was intend-
ed to cover sach ca.ts as that of the late Collector
in New York, vho set the Government at defiance,
and held ovei the public mone}s to a great amount,
because he was subject only to a civil prosecution.
As between man and man, he shouid be unwilling
to adopt such a principle, but if a man undertook
ti serve the Government, knowing beforehand
that this vas one of tne conditions of hisj service,
he thought it not unfair, ioi atlei all he was sub-
jet ted only to a suit in a court of law.
Mi. WOODBURY appro/cd of die clause m
the bill, but wished it slightly amended by adding
the wor Is drait ^r ordei to the word -varrant, which
amendment w is agr ed to
Mr TALLMADGE fur her supported his posi-
tion, insisting that aw.samere question ot evi-
dence, and that the Govciuimnt gained noihmg,
while it violated agieat principle of law, and ran
th risk of inflicting cruel Hjury on an innocent
man
Messrs BAYARD a\d PRESTON replied to
hts objection, and defended the clause m question,
denying that this wis .ny nitre a violation oí the
p me.ple ol law diana multitude of other cases
where tie la* as utrted certain fpcls as pr.ma
facie < wdetice of guilt, and imposed the burden ot
ptoot on the ->ceu ed If one man killed anotner,
it was jmmafucis evidence of murder, it a man held
stolen goods, it wa> prima facie evidence of theft
The prima facte evidence did not convict him, but
he \\ as held to explain, because he, of all olher per-
sons, was best ab'e lo explain. And even m civil
cases, when a man refused to deliver up goods
claimed by anot&er, the law held it as prima facte
evidence of conversion, and as laying th« founda-
tion for an acticn of trover.
Mr WALKER confirmed this view, and illus-
trated it by the case of mianiicidc, when the vio-
lent death of an illegitimate infant was puma
facie evidence of murder on the part of the mo-
ther.
The amendment was rej cted
The bill wasfurtherslightly amended, on motion
of Mr. HENDERSON.
The amendments were then concurred in by tbe
Senate, and the bill ordered to be engrossed, by
yeas  and ns>ys, as follows
YEAS—M^s s. Archer,Barrw, Bales, Bayard,
Beinen, Buchanan, Choate, Clay ofKy Clayton'
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hend-rson, Huntmglon^
Ker, Mangum, Mcrncií, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pieston, Rives, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White,
Woodbrid-'e-Sfl
