CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
NAYS—Mes~r> Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Ala Fulton, King, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Smith, of Con Tappan, Wa'ker, Wilhams, Wood-
bury, Wright, Young—16
The bill as oidered to be engrossed is m the fol-
lowing words:
A Bill to repeal the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue," and to pro-
vide for the punisnment oí embezz'ers of public
money.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of lit-
pi esentatives of the United Slates of Jlmerica in
Congiess assembled, That the act, entitled " An act
to provide for the collection, safe keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue,"
approved on the fourth day of July, A D. one
thousand eight hundred and forty be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: Provided, always, That, for
any offences which may have been committed
against the provisions of the seventesnth section of
the said act the offenders maybe pio„tculed and
punished according to those provision?, and that
all bonds executed under the provisions of said
act, and all civil rights and liabilities winch have
arisen or accrutd under said act, and the reneges
therefor, shall remain and con iaa; as if ..aid act
had not been repealed; any thing here.n contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
Sec 2 Jlad be it father enacted, That if any
oflicer charged witn th" sate keeping, transfer,
or disbursement or pub'ic moneys, oi connect-
ed with t e Post Office Depart iient sh<ill con-
vert to h s ovvn use, in any way whatever, oi shad
u-.e by <^ay ol investment in any kidd of property
or merchandize, or shall loan, wi h or Without inte-
rest, any portion of tne public mo leys entrusted to
him for safe-Fetpjig, transfer, disbursement, oi fo>-
any other purpose, tveiy such uC shall be darned
and adjudged to be an embczz'enient of so much of
the said moneys as shall be tntia taken, converted,
invested, used, or loaned, which is hereby declared
to be a ieionj, and the neglect or refusal to pay
over on dema.id any public moneys m his hands,
upon t ¡e piescntauon of a draft, order, or warrant
drawn upon him, and signed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or'o tiansier or d'sbuisc ar.ysuch
moneys prompt'/, accoiding to law, or the le>al
lequireaient oí a superiei oflicer, shall be prima
lacie evidence or such eorve.sioi to his own
use of so much oi the public moneyo as may
be in his htnus. Any < fficer or agent oi tne
United States, and all persons advising, o¡ know-
ingly arid willingly participate m such embez-
zlement, upon being convicted lineo! bcfoit any
court ot the Uaued States of competent junsdie
tton, shall, Air ••very such offence, forfeit and pay
to the United a fine equal to the amount ol die
money embezzled, and oüaJ suffer impiisoumtnt
for a tei.n noi e^s than, s.x montos noi more than
five years.
It was then, on mo'ioa by Mi WRÍGH V, ei-
dered to be pn ited.
And   trie Semite adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
1uL-Djy, June 8, 1811.
Aftci the journal  ai read, the committee-, ap-
pom'ed by the Speakm*., m comoliance with a
rcsjluíion aioi'cd o'i yes'crday, «ere announced
by the Clerk
CONTESTED ELECTION
Mr. GILMER presen'cd the memonal of Wil
liaw Smiiii o the \l\n Congress onal district, ,u
the Slate ot Vngiaia, co nesting tne seat now he'd
by the Hon Linn Bank. , which was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MORGAN tñeiul a xesolution that the
House, according to the ru cs theieof, lorthwitn
proceed to the e ection ot a S-rgeant-at-Arms,
Doorkeeper, Assistant Doorkeeper and Poslmaster,
for the House, and thereupon moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the resolution
was subsequently adopted.
Tne House tnen concurred m the ¡esolutioniiom
the Senate, providing that two Chaplains ol difl'e-
¡ent denominations be elected to Cong!ess during
tne piesent session, on i by each House, who shall
interchange weekly
The House proceeded  to an elec ion, viva voce,
of a Sergeant-at-Arms, and  tr.p  following candi-
dates were nominated for the oñVe, vz   Messrs
Roderick Dorsb.y,  Town end, J. H.  Blaki , B
Hoob, Burchenal, and Wilson.
The following is a statement of the ballotings:
1st  21 3d. 4th   5th
Whole number of votes     222 221 218 216 217
Necessary to a choice   -    112 111 110 109 109
Mr. Dorsey           -       -     92   88   85   81    85
Townsend     -       -     55    71   76   76   80
Hooe             -       -     34    41   47   53   52
Blake             -       -     19     9   —   —   _
Wb-on          -       .     11   —   —   —   —
Burchenal      -       -     11    32    10     6   —
The House was about to proceed to a &h ballot,
when
Mr. INGERSOLL moved a reconsideration of
the vote b/ which, on ytsierday, the House nau
agreed to the amendment ot Mi. Adams, striking
out the 21st ru'e. The motion v. as entered on tne
journal, and will come up for consideration to-
morrow.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, from the Stl ct Com-
mittee to whom «as refrrcd that poiticn of the
PresiueM's menage relating to trie family of the
late President, reported a bill "fur die relief of
Mrs Harrison, widow oi President Harrison " It
was rcaI tw ce and r fcTc 1 to a C ¡miutt^e 11 the
Whole on the tate ot t< e U i on 'f s im *o be
appr pnatdi   left for  th    ci eiCcraiiiii of  the
Tne btlloin^   for Sergeant-at-ArTis  va   ' ^n
íesumed, and oi  tne 7th ballot, lit   T v n i id i
ceiving a majonty ct vote, vas dclaied to  ua.e
been duly elected.
Mr HUNT offered a ir'o uti n d sjiats > g i„e
standing commu'ees from a 1 bjsiit . ppe .mili-
to thtui uuriii^ the prcse.it <e% icn, twfp t«us>
whese duty it)-, to considir 'he se.uai ubjecls re-
ferred to in tne Pusidcn 'sines uge.
A motion was here made to of jouri, which pre-
vaileJ, and at half past 5,1I12 House adjourned un-
til twelve o'clock to-morrow.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Jane 9, 1811.
Tne CHALI comjiunicareu a 'elm irom tne
Tieasuier of the Un.ted S'a'e , o n amibg a s,d e-
men'of the reeeipts and cAp-m''iu>v of ik Pj,'
Office Department fox th yew 1840, jüici was
Id d on the toble.
Mr. CLAY oí Kentucky gave n.tce that lo
w^ uld to-morrow asii leave to . i"ounce a b it f r
tue appropriatuo fora lnni'cd . me ci the prjue^'-
of tho'pt'biic lands.
Mr. PREN1ISS pie ented * ¡ae.i«< 1 «¡I Si. in a
uun uer ot tne inhabitants ol Holland and M01-
gan, m Ve-mont, piaymg ,01 tne cstaoi shment or
a mail routs th.ough said towns, which Wus ]->id on
the Uble.
Mr MOREHEAD presented the me jorial of
tne C'ticmnati Chamber of Co'iw ice 11 fav r of
tne csiubUonmentot aNciiona' bank
Mi WALKER ¡re ene a niemonal trcu
c tizens cf Madison 10a 1 y, Ivti 1 ip > , 11 fav< 1
of a bankrupt law, which na<- leieiiet' 0 the Com
mittee on ihe Judicia-,.
Mr. ALLEN pies.nitd tV relit on of ei ¿a-,
of Norwa'k county, O'iio, 111 -vol of i bankrupt
liw, which was ícferred te ih Committee on 0 e
JuUitiary.
Mr STURGEON preseried ''ip pstmon 01 tn0
AmisUvery Si>nsty or Phi adc^Uia, I'wying the
abolition of swvery.
Mr. BUCHANAN piesei.ed a uictuoi ai from
the Socie y of Friends in Perms} Iva. n«, ask ng ihc
improvement 01 the coud tion of pe'ie 0. coin,
and asking the aoolit.ou oí slavery n the Dis cr
of Columbia and theT.rntuiiea, „ad tre pieven-
lion of the domestic trade.
Mr PRESTON objected tj the ice* pucL of these
memona's,
Tne CHAIR. The niemons's „re iatd upon the
table
Mr. KING. The question is upon liieir recep-
tion. The Chair, v/hei he io «vaic thdt peutiur.s
oeject.otiable ia their craracter art p>e-eatcd, is
bound lo put the question upon i'ie-i reception, and
the u-ual modeahas been to move to lay the motion
to receive upon the table, and thus get nd of the
matter
The CHAIR said he was not aware that the
Senate had passed any such rule, ana without it he
did not feel himself called upon to put tbe-question
in that form.
Mr. BUCHANAN coincided in the view taken
by Mr. King as to the practica of the Senate, and
observed that nothing but benefit had ettsuedfrom
its observance. All agitation had entirely ceased
so far as the Senate was concerned, and he hoped
the practice would be perpetual. The question of
reception wis understood as made, that question
was then laid on the table, and there was m end of
the matter. Though he had held it his duly to pre-
sent this pap^r, he hoped the same course would
b  observed with regard to this as to others.
Further cjnversation on the question of order
took place on the part of Mr. MERRICK, M"f.
ICING, Mr PRESTON, and Mr. CLAY; the re-
suit of watch was, that whenever the President of
tho Senate was acquainted with the fact that the
preseatation of a description of papers was objected
to by any member of the body, it was his duty to
con«ider the question of reception as made; and that
then, on motion made, the question might be laid
on the table, and thus the whole subject in a quiet
and summary manner be disposed of.
Tee memorials were disposed of m conformity
• wi'h th's understanding.
Mr CLAY of Alabama presented a preamble
id joint resolutions of the Legislature ot Ataba*
< a, ad jpted at their late session, setting forth that
the Cietokee territory, acquired tinder the late trea-
ty w "h fiat tribe, "lorms three entire Counties,
w neo are se.t'ed with a dense population; and that
very gieat inconvenience to the people will be oc-
cis.oned by attaching those counties to any one or
mote of the 'land districts' now established in Ala-
bama," on which ground they ask "that a land of-
fice be established at some .convenient point in one
01 ttu counties in the late Cherokee purchase."
Mr. C. remarked, that while he fully concurred
with others m the expediency of confining the bu-
s'ness of the extra session to the special matters
eiobiaced by the President's message, yet, as the
.¡ihdbiiants ui die district of country referred lo are
scfler'ng wiucn inconvenience in consequence of
i'it ir mabdi y to enter and pay for their lands for
thj wan ot ¿. land oflic ; and, inasmuch as the pro-
po^d mcdsu'e would come in aid of the Treasury,
now <o much ¡n need of funds, he hoped the Senate
HOidd makt it an exception to the general rule, and
suffer it to L.J referred to the Committee on the
Public La'id-, and acted upon. He stated that a
bill ri trie cb«ractei now desired had received the
'auction ol the Committee on the Public Lands,
and had also passed the Senate, at each of the four
latt annua! s.s ions ot Congress, consequently, it
c i.ld n t be regarded as a disputable measure,
1 !•>-• y Ij pioduce discussion, or consume time.
Mr bill Til oi Indiana rose to draw the attén-
t on of tne S rate to the motion of Mr C. As to the
object of tL. memorial, Mr. S. was with him; but
wl ,-t he wisi-fd decided by the Senate was, whether,
at he pre ent session, they would go beyond the
¡imi's ol iho-e objects for which it was generally
1 ndeisio^d that the session had been failed. There
v te S0.1K 1 aportant measures connected the public
t^nns wa.ch vere much desired in different quarters
ot tieeoumiy; bat if these were to be gone into,
Mr. fa. could not see where there would be a stopping
po m. The Liiiu Committee, however, were en-
•i'cly Uiidei the urec'ion of the Senate m this re-
siect, and ho ptesumed, it it was rot the will of the
bedy ihdt thue should be any action upon those
auojects, t! e memorials and petitions which might
hive lespectto them would not be referred, but laid
on thi table.
Mr. CLAY stated, m support of the memorial,
that 11s object was one of very great importance to
the people of his Statf , and of such obvious pro-
priety that a bill, in conformity with the memorial,
had "a sed the Senate four times. He hoped this
case would be considered as an exception to the
«'«lera! de erm nation to exclude all subjects but
Those for winch, in a more especial sense, this ses-
sion had been called
