36                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said there were other <nb- i
jeots of like character with this m their obvious ím- |
portance and in the fact of their having heretofore
received the approbation and action ot the Senate,
but gentlemen had come here with special objects,
in view, and it was expected by the people who
sent them that they should confine their action to  I
these, and, having disposed of mem, to close the   j
session and go home.    With a view to test the  )
sense of the Senate on this subject, he moved  to
lay the memorial on the table
Tbe motion prevailed without a count.
Mr. RIVES called up his several times deferred
motion to refer so much of the Presiden '& message
as related to our foreign relations to ths Commit'ee
ou Foreign Relations, not  because he  wished to   |
submit any views in relation to the report of the  '
Secretary of State, but becausj the motion had
been delated at the suggestion of the  honorable   j
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr Bochanan,] who   I
was understood to be desirous of submitting some
opinions in which he differed from the views of the
Secretary, touching certain poims of international
law.
Mr. CLAY said he should be very happy to
listen to the discussion alluded to, but as it was
one out ot which it was not proposed or expected
that any action of the Senate "hould ensue, he
thought itde-irable that the motion should be post
poned for to-day, as a very important measure was
before the body. Mr. C thought it entirely fair
that all reasonable opportunity ought to be ex-
tended to gentlemen who were desirous of animad-
verting on the course of the Government, but in
ths existing circumstances, he must be excused foi
moving that the motion of the honorable Senator
be deferred till to-morrow.
Mr. RIVES said the gentleman from Kentucl y
had entirely mistaken his purpose, if he supposed
he was desirou on his own account of having this
subject now tak n up It was with a view to ac-
commodate the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
whose remarks might | ossibly render it necessary
for him to say a lew words in leply
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had been anxious to
submit some remarks in referente to some posi-
tions tiken by the Secretary of Sta e, whicu he
considered as important He had no purpose ot
intruding himself upon the Senate, but he had come
prepared these two or thiee mornings to say what
he wished to say on tms matter. Under oitch
circumstances, a subject was apt to grow vfiy
cold
Mr. CLAY said notbina; in the world could have
been further from his thoughts and his heart than
to do any thing injurious to the feelings of his ho-
norable friend from Pennsylvania; but he would
rem.ad his fne id ¡hat it had been on his own mo-
tion that the reiereuce now moved for had been
heretofore postponed. There was now m progress
before the Senate a measure, in the consummation
of which many of the members felt a deep interest.
Let that bill be disposed of, and then Mr. C. would
listen with the greatest plea ure to the remarks of
the honorable Senator. He moved to postpone the
motion.
On this motion Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLAY, (from his seat) Let him have
them, sir; let him have tnem
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and le-
sulted as follows   yeas 27, nays 18.
So the motion was deterred tilt to morrow
Mr CLAY submitted the followm", which he
desired to lay on the table for the present-
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn during
the present session, leaving a subject under discus-
sion and undecided, the consideration of the sub-
ject shall be resumed at the next meeting of the Se-
nate, immediately after the joarnal is read and pe-
titions and reports a>-e received, without waiting
for he usual hour of one o'< inek
On motion of Mr  CALHOUN,
Uesolved, That the See, tary of State be dnected
*u trinsmlt t0 'he Senate any comtnumeat on from
the Government of Prussia to our representative
at that Court, in reference to the duties laid on
tobacco m the German States of the Customs
Union which may be in the State Department.
On motion of Mr PRESTON,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appoint-
ed, who, together with alike number to be appoint-
ed by the Hou«e of Representatives, shall direct
the expenditure of the moneys arpropnated to pur-
chase books for the Library of Congress.
The CHAIR named Messrs Clayton, Preston,
and Tappan as the Committee.
Mr WOODBURY submitted the following:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate if any application
has been made officially to him, or the Sta e or
Treasury Department, by the holders of State
stocks, or other's on their accoun', respecting the
payment or assumption of tbem, and to furnish
copies of any correspondence which has t'ker 
place m relation to those subjec s
Mr SMITH of Indiana submitted the fol-
lowing-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasary be
directed to communicate to the Seiate, at ss early
a day as practicable, in one connected view, in pa-
rallel columns, a statement exhibiting—
First The estimated quantity of the public land
to which the Indian title has not been extinguished,
distinguishing the quantity in each Slate and
Territory, and the quantity notwithm the limits of
cither
Secondly   The quantity of public land in each
State and Territory to which the Indian tule has
,     been extinguished.
Thirdly The quantity of public land in each
State and Territory remaining unsol ^distinguishing
the quantity in each land district, and also ihe
land subpet to private entry from th-U which has
not been offered at pubbc sale, and i'so distinguish-
ing the quantity in each State and Ti rntory not  i -
eluded in any iand district.
Fourthly The quantity 0f unsurveyed land m
each State and Territory, dishngu slung that to
which 'he In 'tan titlt has been extinguished from
that to which it has not, and distinguishing the
qinntity u. suueyd in each stuveyor general
district
Fifi ily The quanh'y of the public lands which
sh\H have been sold in each Siate did Territory,
in ri>ch jear and quai'er of the present jear, aim
the amount received uoon the sVes, distinguishing
the years urder the credit from thou u idtr the
c?,A system
Sixthly The quan'ity of publ c ¡"njs grantel to
eich Slate, (exclusive of the sixtei n li "etions,)
&nd the specified object of eacn grant.
Seventhly The number and names of tht? land
offices that have been discontinued under the pro-
visions of the act ot June 12, 1840, and the names
of the Surveyor Gene'als' offices (it any) that nave
been di continued under the provi ions of s>aid
act.
E gbthly. The quan'ity of the pubbc 'audi (ex-
clusive of the s xtcenih sections) re erved fromssle
by the several aasof Con.ress, distinguishing the
i   quantity in each State and Terntcrj, and the ob-
ject of the íeservation
REPEAL Or MHE INDEPENDENT TRr VSLRY
Trie bill to repetí the Independent Ireasury was
then taken up—the question being on its passage
A long deba ' ( nsued, in which Messrs WOOD-
BURY CALHOUN, BE\TON, BAYARD KING,
McROBERTS, WRIGHT, ard TALLMADGE,
pilticipaled
Mr CL AY of Alabama said he felt it his duty
to offor some remarks on the bill before the vote
was ta'en, but after a sitting of upsaids of five
hours ii that s jl 'y ehamocr, he f< It so much ex-
hausted a-, to ask fir an adjournment
j Mr CLAY of Kentucky hoped there would be
|   no adjournment
The motion to adjourn was negatived—yeas 19,
navs 26
Mr BENTON teen proceeded w>ih tbe debate
for *omo 'ime, when
Mr. ALLEN moved ai adjournment bat, ayes
14, noes 22
Mr CALHOUN wished that they might come
to a good understanding opon this subject. He
was sure that there was no de^re on his side of tne
Senate to piotract the debate need.essly, but that
there were two or three gentlemen on that side very
anxious to speak He thought the thing might be
arranged by a mutual pledge that the question
should be tafeen to-morrow at all events. lie hoped
the majority would, on such terms, consent to ad-
journ,
Mr. CLAY.   I hope «oí, sir
Mr BENTON thea proceeded with his remarks
until about 7 o'clock, when the question was taken
en tbe passage of the bill, and it was carried—ayes
29, nays 18, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Giaham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,Phelps,
Poitei, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Soutnard, TaUtnadge, White, and
Wood'indge—29
NAYS—Messrs   Al'en, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, King, McRoberts, Nicholson,
Pierce,  Savier, Smith   of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Win.ams, Woodbury, Wright, -
and Young—18
Mr DIXON submitted the following resolution-
Resolved, That the Senate will on Thursday next
proceed to the election of Printer, the price to be
paid to be the same as under the resolution of 1819,
deducting 20 per cen' therefrom
Mr PRESTON gave notice that he would on
to-morrow move to proceed to the ekction of
Chaplain under the joint resolution
And the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wfdne day, June 9 1841
Mr C. BROWN ii quired of the Speaker
where he would fna a correct h t of die commit-
tee, as he perceived, by rtf rence to a morning
¡ aper, that they differed from those announced on
jesterday by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER said that he had had but a very
short time to appoint committees, several names
had been tr?nsp ><■ d and others wholly omitted. It
was necessary, thfr< fore, to correct ihe list, and he
hoped this explanation would be considered satis-
facto y to the H ouie
Mr. BROWN. That is net answeung the ques-
tion. I merely viJi >o know w^ere tne real com-
muters are to be found—whether they are th^se
publisned in he nev papers, or taose read from
the Clerk'o tabic
The SPEAKER TLe correct list will be found
in tic p_s<esMon of the Cleik of the House.
"The following is the corrected list of the com-
mittees, v 7
Comm ttee of Elections —Messrs. Halstead,
Blair, Craven, Borden, Summers, Gamble,
Aaron V, Biown, Medill, Jipies W. Williams.
Of Ways and Mans—Messrs Fillmore, Bolts,
Gilmer, Sam on Mason, T. F Marshall, Rench-
er, Pickens, John W. Jones, Atherton
Of Clams —Messrs Giddmgs, Spngg, Lmn,
Warren, Arnold, Covren, Banks, Burke, Robert
McClellan
On Commerce —Messrs J P Kennedy, Win-
throp, Tiland, Ra>ner, B Randall, E.D.White,
Ho'rre--, Brew 'er, Charles Brown
O i Pubic Lands—Mc^r- W. C. Johnson
Morrow, Lewis Williams, Sm th, Gentry, Bron-
son, Howard, Chapman, Cave Johnson.
On the Post Office and Post üoad? -—Messrs.
Briggs, Joseph L Williams, Russell, Brockway,
Morgan, O.vsley, A diew Kennedy, Hopkins
RedKg                                                                  '
For the Dis'nU  f Columbia —Messrs. Under-
wood, King, Powell, Hams, A. Randall, R-chard
W. Thompson, Keim, John Campbell, John
Tnompson Mason.
On the Judiciary —Messrs Barnard, Trumbull
Maxwel', Tnomas A Foster, Mihon Brown'
Pearce, Ingei o'l, Roos«veit, Smnders                  '
Oil Revolutionary Clmmi —Messr HaII Thomas
J Campbel Ma h jt, Washington, James, Par-
men'er, William 0. Goode, Van Burén, P Q
Goode.
On   Puilic    Expenditure" -—Me us,    Graham
Childs, Hua«on, Alford, Canton, Jeremiah Brown,
Watterson, Green, Lttt'efield.
0  Private L&nd Claims —Messrs. Moore, Rich-
