38                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He desired to be informed by the Chair whether,
upon a motion to reconsider the vote upon a rule,
it was in order to discuss whether the British Go-
vernment was engaged in advocating or aidmg the
slave trade, or whether we were engaged m it, or
what we were doing in the different departments of
oar Government. Every body knew what his
views were on the subject before the House. But,
if we were to enter upon discussions of this sort,
no man could tell where it would terminate.
Mr. INGERSOLL was understood to say that
no doubt the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Prof-
fit] had the advantage of possessing a more logi-
cal and clear mind that he (Mr. I.) had, and every
man was compelled to present his aigument ac
cording to the peculiar construction of his mind.
Mr. PROFFIT said that if what he had heard
to-day was to be taken as a specimen of the gcn-
man's logic, he (Mr. P ) thought that no very high
estimate was to be put upon it. And he wished to
let the gentleman know that he should neither take
liberties with hit  nor the rules of the House, with
his approbation.
Mr. INGERSOLL denied having any desire to
take liberties either with the gentleman or the rules
of the House.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentl-man
from Pennsylvania seemed to be travelling som -
what from the point, but that the Chair had tilt
disposed to indulge him, on the giound lhat proba-
bly the application to the question before the Hou^e
might be made apparent
Mr. INGERSOLL then resumed his remarks by
a reference to the interference of the British Minu-
ter at Washington in the Amistad case, as one m
stance only of the disposition of Great Britain to
meddle with our affairs. He a'so alluded to the
report which had appeared in the public print-, that
a gentleman had communicated that a P.ip-'l Bnll
had been issued by the See of Rome, at the in -tanoe
of the British Government, anl ent here to warn
us to put an end to the slave trade
The SPEAKER here reminded the gentleman
that he was taking a very wide range
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gentleman would be al-
lowed to proceed, and he trusted 'hat others woul 1
be allowed to reply.
Mr. INGERSOLL contended lhat the course of
argument which he had adopted was nccc-sa ily
that which he was compelled to take in order to
show how the domestic slave trade wasconmr'crt
with the foreign slave trade He m?intained that
he was pursuing the only course by which to iliu -
trate what he had to say on the quesiion of Ao< Ii-
tion.
The SPEAKER said that he was at a lo  to c
the bearing or connection of theoc subject" wiln
the one under consideration.
Mr. INGERSOLL regarded them a* intimately
and immediately bearing upon them.
Mr BOTTS insisted that there was no "ort of
connection between the subjects referred to by the
gentleman and that under consideration; and h 
called upon the Speaker to enforce the rule of
the House, that we may progress with the busim -
of the country.
Some discussion followed on the poim of oidrr,
m which Messr . KING, INGERSOLL, W1SS,
and BOTTS participated.
After which, Mr INGERSOLL again re «mod,
by declarmg tint the slave trade hau bi.cn, ind sidl
was, on the increase, while Briti h agents i ce n
this country actively interfering, and w nh a false
philanthropy, m the cause ot Abolition, an 1 in
many other matters with which ibej ought not to
busy themselves. He then sgain ad/er'ed to t >e
fact of British ships of war captunrg our ship5 on
frivolous pretences, and sending ti"-iu m'o Be st n
and other ports of the United States as p ií-cs, a id
argued that it became them, the Nor h ai.d the
South, to unite hand in hand to rcist th>s pgsres-
sion on the commerce and maritime rights of thi
country.
Mr BOTTS again rose to a question of ordei
He meant no disrespect to the gentleman, for the-e
was no gentleman on the floor for wit jm he enter-
tained more respect The effect of ihis conr., ,
however, was to delay the business of the conntrv,
and be could not «t here and listen to such r«-
marks And if the Chair should dtcide the argu-
ment to be in order, he would take an appeal from
the decision; and he would remind bis colleague
that that question was not debateable.
The SPEAKER having decided that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was not out of order,
Mr. BOTTS appealed.
Mr PROFFIT asked for the yeas and nays on
the appeal, which were ordered.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON was   proceeding to ad
vert to the latitude of debate which   had been   al-
lowed to Mr   Adams—when
Mr. BOTTS called Mr. J. to order.
An incidental question of order here arose, name
I), whether the appeal was debatable.
And, after «one conversation,
Mr. BOTTS withdrew his appeal, remarking that
he had complied with h's sense of duty in attempt-
ing to put an end to this irrelevant debate He
found that the effort was úseles , and he hoped
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Inger-
soi l] would take his time
So the appeal being withdrawn,
Mr INGERSOLL resumed his remarks by sa) -
mg that he trusted that he was understood by all
who beard hiai when he was endeavor ng to con-
nect o eaeitation ff this question in England with
it  ajitation m this countiy. The greater part of
the petition; wh ch wre presented heie, it was well
Known, were the work of those impelled by a simi-
lai feeling, which certainly began there. Mr. I
then went on to say that the Southern people ol
Uih country ought to move with a fixed determina-
tion to piotect their rights against the influence and
machinations of these who were desperately atempt-
mg to undermine tneir institutions. On the ques-
tion of slavery in the abstract, he knew of no dis-
senting voce We all regretted the existence of
it, bm i'dirt not follow that we were to throw fire-
biands over the whole Souih bicauseof the evil.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was entirely
mistaken in supposing that the late Administration
h d at all connect! d itself with the question of
Abolition He thought it unfortunaic that the
St.'tes oí Vi i gima and New York should have bren
bi ought mto a state of unhappy collision on the
I Mibjict, and thit Georgia and Maine should also
be in ine "ame condition Mr. I. went on to ex
press his astomshment and horror at what had fal-
len from the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr
Adams] the other day when speakirg on this „ub-
ject He urder'tood the gentleman as saying that,
m heevtntifa servile var breaking out in the
S uth, there would be an end of the Constitution
He would V glad to know whether he (Mr I ) had
undei stood hin
M"-. ADAMS inse and  -aid   if the gentleman
wished him to tepeat what he had said, he had no
hesital on n saying tbat he had saed no such thing
 s tha" m that event there would be an end of the
| Cn" tulinn of in   United Stitcs    What he had
i *aid Wi.s, that m the event of a servile war, nv
I   own opinion would be that it the fie" portion of the
people of this Union were called upon to support
the institutions of the South by suppressing the
slaves, and a servile war in consequence of if, in
I   that ea.e h° would not say that Congress bad no
j 1,. hi 10 interfere with the institutions of the South ,
tbrt th  vrj  fact, pel haps, of the free portion ci
I    this iTiiion being called lo 'aerifico their blood and
'   ih"ir treasure for the purpose of suppressing war in
^ cp-oi1 wnirhamo td stiegmshedSouthern man,
II," author of the Dec laiation of Independence, had
dfhred th t in that evm the Almighty had no
«itri nf* tat s'ded \ ah the master—he y.ou,d say
that if th1 iic port s,n of this Un on were called
upon to expend 'hei blood and thtir tieasuie to
suppo t that cana v h rh bad th  cui'e and the dis-
p'easme of the Almighty noon it, he wou'd say
ihAi this s-mn Con«rr-s-. w> u'd sanction an expen-
diture of blood and trea uic, for thai cause jtself
II   would come within the comtira'i nal action of
Congress, and that tnere would be no longer any
pretension that Congiess had no' the right i0 m'er
fere w 'h the inl'trtuons of th„ Sou'h, inasmuo h as
th'* fer? fact of the people of a free pcrtion of the
union marching to the support of the masters
would be an in erference with thee institution ,
and that, m the event of a war, the result of which
no man could teP, the treaty-making power would
become to be equivalent to universal emancipation
This was what he had then said, and he would add
to it now, that, m his opinion, if the decision of
this House, taken two days ago, should be re-
versed, and a rule established that the House would
receive no petition on this subject, the people oí the
North would be ipso foe 0 absolved from all obliga-
tion to obey any call from Congress. If the peti-
tions were refused, then no call could be made
upon them. If the free people of the North have
nothing to do with the South, then they should not
be called upon to support the South.
Mr INGERSOLL was about to resume, bat
gave way to a motion of Mr. Wise that the House
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken,
were yeas 101, nays 82
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 10, 1841.
Mr EVANS presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Poilland, Maine, praying the passage
of a bankrupt law, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of citizens of
Galena, praying for the passage of a general bank-
rupt law, which was teferred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr PRENTISS presented the petition of citizens
of Sumlerville, Ala praying the passage of a gene-
ral bankrupt law, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr BATES presented the memoual of the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, in relation to the public
land , vhteh was refened to the "Committee on
Public Lam's.
Mi. BUCHANAN'presented the memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the imposition of
a duty 011 foreign bilks, which was referred to the
Comroittf e on Finance.
Mr HENDERSON presented the memorial of
the Grand Gulf Railroad Company, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr RIVES then made his mo'ion to refer so
much o* the President'4 message as relates to our
foreign relations to the Committee on Foreign Re-
la ions.
Mr CLAY begged the Senator to waive his mo-
tion fot a moment. [Mr Rivfs acquiesced ] Mr.
Clay then,on leave, introduced a bill appropriating,
for a limited time, the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, which he asked might be lead twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
The bill having been read a first time by its
title,
Mr WOODBRIDGE moved that the bill be
printed.
Mi CLAY said that was unnecessary, as it was
identically the same bill as had heretofore passed
the Senate, wh'ch was familiar to all. He thought
the printing had betLr net be ordeied until icpoited
back frr m the committee.
Mr. WOODBRIGDEcaid he had never had an
oppe'tunit} of seeing the bill, and desired to ex-
amine 1 s provisions
Mr CLAY then waived his objection to the
printing, and it was ordered.
Tise question was then taken on reading the
bdl a second time, and it requiring unanimous con-
sent
Mr BENTON objected.
Mr. CLAY It can be read to-morrow We
wi 1 proCt by this dda onue-s hereafter.
Mr. HENDERSON,on leave, introduced a bill
to establish a unfot.ri system of bankrup'cv
throughout the United States. Mr. U. remarked
that the bill was similar in. its provisions to the
bill of the last session. He asked that it might be
read twice and referred to the Committee on tt>e
Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER adverted to the great impor-
tance of this bill, and the nrce-sity for acting on it
at the present -ession. Bat it w s m vain to refer
it to a committee, without there was an intention
on the part of a majority of the Senate of acting
on it.    He suggested to his colleague, therefore
