CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
have a reason why they will not go for abolition
xn the District of Columbia. They wish slavery
to remain here until petition afU.r petition shall be
poured into Congress day after d iy, and the dis-us-
sionkeptup in the public mmd until public senti-
ment is affected in ttie slaveholdmg StaVs. And
the moment gentlemen tell him lh"y would not re-
ceive a pe'ition to abolish s'avery m the State*,
that moment they turn round and say they would
not abolish slavery m the District of Columbia at
this time.
Mr. INGERSOLL concluded his remarks by ex-
pressing his deep anxiety and solicitude to put an
end to the excitement pievaihng in the counlry m
the country in relation to the question of Aboh
ttoniom, and to restore it to repose, peace, and tran-
quillity.
Mr. J C CLARK of New York then moved
the previous question on the motion of reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. SMITH moved a call of the House, which
was ordered, and pioceeded in until 211 members
answered to th*ir name-.
All furiher proceedings in tne call were then dis-
pensed with
Mr. MARSHALL then requeued Mr. Clar,s
to withdraw the mo'ion for the previous question
Mr. CLARK said he was wiP ng to do so, pro-
vided the gentleman would renew it after he shou d
have concluded his remarks.
Mr. MARSHALL expressing his will ngness so
to do, the motion for the previous question was
withdrawn
Mr. MARSHALL then took the floor and spoke
at great 'engih, and with much animation, on ue
general ground embraced by the rule in q 'estica
A full and revised report of his rezjarks nas been
promised on the first opportunry. The fol owing
is a sketch
After seme mtrodue ory remark^-, Mr. M. ~a.d
he had no disposition to rrolorg this debar  Tli re
was ne memb i of this body, come fr m wit
quarter of the Union he might—fro si a free ísi e
or from a siave State—that had been rife unwil-
ling than himself to see this question agitated ?J
the piesent session When he camp here, he f junu
the 21st rule established as the ru'e of tHe lest
House, and he thought that, being an r-tablished
rule—no ma'ter by what cuthonty or by wuat "ar-
ty it was msd<* ,o—he tnought that it must bs con-
ducive to the^'ieral weal that that ruie hou'd be
suffered to stand at least dating the pxtra se^ioi.
When the veierable gentleman from n.^achu
set's [Mr. Adams] had moved its reciwop, he (Mr
M ) had voted against it wita the hor*- tnat gen e-
men from the North—gentlemen liom the free
States—gen'lemen, the representatives (to use h.«
own language) of ireemen, would not hive pressed
this question at this time upon the consideration of
the House.
It had been urged bv the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts that this rule was an Adm miration
measure, that the Loco Focos nere at the lastCon-
gie*s had adopted it, and now, at a time w.en the
Representatives of ins great nation had convener*
here for certain special objects, a pijriy qjesl.on
was made upon this subject of Abo.ition, "and
we had been told by the highest aiu'iowy in
this House, so far as age, and name, and h's
connection wida the past hutory of this coun-
try were concerned that the repeal of tais 21st
rule was to be a Whig measure He (Mr M )
had voted, as he had said, against the reci-
sion. He had done so in order that the sub-
ject might not some up for discussion, n order tut
the two great sections of ftus Union, dm'eJ, un-
happily divided, on the most agi ating qje.tion
that could possibly be raised, might, at all even's
be suffered to repose until the rtgular spg< n ot
Congrts-. He hoped, thaefoR, Mat gent^n^n
would not make a point of order aga ns h m It
might not probably be regarded as ver> germa. n
to the immediate question before trie Hon e, 'o
refer to the reasons by which his course was go-
verned; but he had risen tor the purpose of ex
plaining to that great body of freemen whom he
represented, the reasons for the votes he should this
day give.
He had voted against ihe .notion of the genúe-
man from Ma«sachu'et s [tVl . Adams] m order, if
possible, to ptstpone this qa's .on dntil a more
convenient season, and ht should now vote against
the reconsideration of tnai vote, in order that the
House m ght proceed to the business of the na-
tion.
He did not know wnether die gentleman from
Massachusetts intended to pres-, tt i^ question, or
not, at this session. Bat whe'her he did orno', there
was one Southern member—ly, more than one—
that stood prepared now and at all times to meet it
Would to God that could be postponed Would
to God that the phrenzy of that philantropy v h ch
seemed to blaze in the aged brain of the gentleman
from Massacnusetts, that that expansive benevo-
lence, which ecmnrehended v ih n its grasp ail
human beirg , and \vhieh corresponded v lih the
free negroes of Ohio and pubh n*d th""- letters in
ine papers of L<= No-th—wo aid to G^dthat that
most large and prejudiced vs'on, wH.cn pat him on
a level with the African bptocs and made then
his fellow-citzens—- ould that all these thin~s
could have been pos'poned at ¡erst nrtil the regu-
It session. He Jul not intend to assail the prirci-
pl°s of the gentleman—not be If the gcn'leman
ciifse to be the peer of lioerated shves.it was his
[i"ir A's] affair But he (Mr M ) had referred to
these r> a 'ers merely for tne pu-pose of explaining
h's own    =• s
Web, \vhen th s movemeit to repeal the 21st
ruV was ma-'e, he lad 1 'ths own s at to tike
a-ot^e , for, of all the rooms líai ~vcr were de-
vised bv man, ne thought this- H 11 vas "ho least
favoraole to the trans ni - on of sou 1 He hid
piiced himself (op. Lne pur,, ,i r f fi st come f'rst
S"r/e<i) ".lip1e hi coiAi b° >• the ge.tlf^nn from
MT"=schus" s . >id hn « dd listened to him wi'H
t i ertri v tiwuch all joa^1  polu ciai"!
1 ijKed to riii \;Ho d >r° that nai>c, a">d who s'ood
in tne position id wh'ca the '•e.tl ras.n stood to-
war 1 the i 'ory of this country. The cent'eman
was connec ed, by his publ'c acts, wi'H the roighi/
times of Washington and the Rovolu'ion h° stocd
here m a pri pe al character, and vhat he -a'd and
Oil went o t to «li v" tribes w <i Ihe au'hortty of
a p'.tnarcial generation. And had the «raume.'ii
come from a y oth^r quar'er, he (Rl> M.) might
not possible Have felt as he no v 1>!, bat 1 s duty
c mpelled ai to respoid to ti"tr He ' ad voted
a~a n3t the reeis-ion be'iuse he Hough* t' rt, 'i he
gr^unent of ih" go few on t'v rotion 'o'*
sc nd, there 1ml i_d the bidden ide> tn' the e ex
i ted hcie a vighi *o in errere wi h the do'ne-.iic Hi-
st tutions oi tl ? Si i e from < h en he (Mr Pi )
c ne He h-d lis ei'->d ti *he en'ire ¿peerh, ?"d
if he misunderstood tie geit'emm, he ho>-ed ,n
exp anation might be m.t le, mi on h's (Mr M's)
account, but on a"tOuii of th  na ion, on acount
of the world, tna'th° nihol  universe mi"hf krow
thp true posniun which the gentleman assumed on
this agita'wg question.
He had unaeis ood the gentl man to sa/ in re-
ply lo the unnswerable pre-fdfpt ci1"! the ih't
a ty by a geTbnm fiom Vr < "ia, [Mi 'V se ]
that it was notdirro ' r p at, D°cau " (He ex-
piecsion in *nat rtsili ion * cii torn"oui"ge, and
that thTe was i diuerrnce vr>arV ' ou) totweep re-
ceiving a pe iuon, ?ni the eicoura?i-g cf m ilions,
that he did act co tend for erccu'ag i?, a id Jiat,
so far as this argument was roncerre'i, be might
be found wi'h th' n mrs- mo dluotnous inoe ,
wh ch the grntlemai from Virg pi? bad r ad a ap-
pended to tba resolution But tt.* spn ¡emau from
Massacnusetts was «¡'i t fir ren"i i"gpetiticisupon
abstract rig t He (Mr " ¡ ) f► f disposed to ask
the gentlemen, an i «cold nave dene so, bn ihat it
m git hav* apje.-red presurntuous >n so ob cu^e
an individual, cm bono—wmt good is to come'
Why pirsutqu ton^ upon ab tra' t n^nl, ^ben
no pract ci1 le < U i> o follow' Bat h' h ' Hstced
to the gei.denan'i argmne t tbrou"hout, =nd he
lOund ihat, Yankee n e, it looted t r-* t t> Thpy
WLie a people oí cs ,'* , < ley d u ^oi dea' ii ab-
s'ractiois Wocn tn / ra'e a p-"-p< .tioi, it
meant something It was not a n "re theory to
specul te upon, it wi, net a si'iogi'm got up to
amas* our schoolmen and v «lonaneo n uh Oh' no.
What did th  gentleman «a,1
Mr. M here referred to ihat portion of the ar-
gument of Mr. Adams which treated of the exer-
cise of the n?ht of petition in England, and how
it had been kept up until it resulted m the abolition
of thesla/e tiade, the emancipation of the Catho-
lics, &c What did the gentleman meanl He
never spoke without a meaning. He was the son
of the second President of the United States; he
would descend to the grave with a halo of glory
about his name, second only to that of Washing-
ton; something he must mean. And what did he
rm an' Why, that these petitions for the abolition
of slavery were to be urged, and urged, until pub-
lie «entiment ihould be impressed by them, until at
last these abolition flashes would come to be re-
cognised as the true philosophy—just like Catholic
emancipation and the abolition ot the slave trade
under the efforts of Mr. Wilberforce had been.
The gentleman either meant that or nothing Mr.
Birke, (who, m the humble judgment of Mr M.
was the gieat^st man, intellectually—considered
merely on th  score of his power of thought, was
the most god-like production that the Almighty
had ever launched upon human society,) had said,
"tell a man aie same story every day in the year,
and jou wnl be his ma ter." Ard it might be that
the gent'eman from Massachusetts thought, by
talking of this thmj day after day, month after
month, and year after year, public sentiment might
yiel 1 under the inflexible patience of Abolition,
and that, rather than quarrel longer upon it, we
would grant the pra>er of the petitioners. That
was the ground and that was the argument; and,
fer augit he knew, it mighttie true as to the North.
Not s0 as to the Sou h. Gentlemen from the
North cii'ht te'l then «cry from this year at
which we now uate to the final conflagration of the
w ir' 1, and they never could teach the South to be-
lieve that o'her people had a right to interfere with
thfir dori-cs'ic institution . It had been decided
immutably, by Southern men, that thai was a ques-
tion ü t their consideration alone.
Th" qapstion row assumed another aspect.
(Inere b^ing a litJe confusion m the Hall, Mr.
M. said ' Hear me for my cau=e. and be silent that
ye may hear " Roars of laughter.) Tne motion
now made was to reconsider the vote. He intend-
ed 'o "ote agn ist the reconsideration In other
words he sh mid vote fcr the admission of all the
peti'ions which tr-e gendpman from Massachusetts
[y¡r \n4"^] might have s-towed away in his: aboh-
i oi drawsr—all of them And why? Because
redd not Kish this question agitated year after
yrar, aid it might be, century after century; but
he wi hed it settled new. at once and forever. And
if the vote be not rccons.deied, and abolition peti-
tions be rece ved at the bar of this House, he should
picve tu t they be committed to a select committee
ot Northern gentlemen, and that the gentleman
from s'iassaohu'ietts be placed at the head of the
establishment. He (Mr M ) wanted to try it as a
question ot history. There was something poetical
i, iht d a, and the gen leman, we a 1 knew, had
hi poet ral hnu s There was snme'Mng poehfal
in th° ulta t at th  son of ih" man whose stalwart
arm and brawny shoulders had aided m laying the
corre1'- one of th?' ed fke wuch saelt red the lí-
beme- o, "i imp re Ike this—(tf a conflagration
was to be kindled, if ihe temple was to throw its
flickering flimes to the skv, and if those who had
received such ble=sed shelter within it% walls were
to be sent wandung over the face of the earth)—
tnere w?s something poetical in the thought that
fe sop of the man who created it should be the
i«"i iia v io light the flame fi r its destruction.
Mr M men procee ' d to reply to that portion
of Mr. Adam-'s explinafon ot yesterday which
took i io groand that there was a e'e in which
Congress could interfe e with the do-nestie institu-
tions of tha Soma—namely, m 'he case of msur-
rcCii n bv the s'ave 
Tne gentleman bad lvrl do-"n the punciple,
el ar y t m in such a OT'e the Genera! Government
ctpld nierfere between thj whites ;nd the blacks
wi.en they were in a state of war What more
h? 1 tne gentleman said' Thd', being called upon
<o in trpose, the fteemen, as he denominated those
of tn° North, could not be expected to embark m a
quarrel on wbich, to use tha idea of Mr. Jefferson,
the Divinity himself frowned with horror.   They
