42                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
could not take part with the whiter of the South'
Oh, no. Whose part, then, were they to take? Mr
M. went on to argue that, under the argnment of
Mr. Adams, the North might, by the force of in-
terference guarantied by the Constitution, by means
of the treaty-making power, establish the pnncip'e
of universal emancipation, and that finally, by
these means, a black Republic might be established,
ranging from the Potomac to the Gulf of Mexico
Mr. M. then commented on Ihe superiority of
numbers enjoyed by the North over the South on
this floor, and, by way of illnslratmg the injustice
of the interference of the North with Southern in-
stitutions, supposed that the case of numbers* had
been reversed, and that the South had attempted to
force slavery, the aggravated evils- of which he ad
nutted, on the North. He referred to his own
course in Kentucky, which had been such as to
subject him to charges of sympathy and co action
with the Abolitionists-, because in 1833, as a mem-
ber of the Legislature, be had voted in fa ver of
prohibiting the importation of slaves into Ken-
tucky, and had subsequently refused to vote against
it. lie exam ned several clauses of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in connection vath the
subject of this peculiar institution, and acknow-
ledged the influence which the views taken by an
honorable member from Vir^< ma, [Mr Botts,] in
relation to this rule, had had upon his judment
He alluded to the rapid increase of the slave popu
lation, and to the evils to be apprehended from that
source alone He deprecated tht perpetual agitation
and excitement which weic liept up on the subject
of Abolition, and, disclaiming irtention to bluster
or threaten, represented the invincible determina-
tion of the Souih to stand by its institutions and it?
rights, even unto death.
Mr. M on concluding, íenewed the motion for
the previous question,
And the question being on seconding the motion
for the previous question
Mr RANDOLPH moved diat the motion do 1 e
on the table
On the motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
and being ta en were—yeas 77, n ly^ 149
So the House refused to lay the motion f r the
previous question on the table
The mo ion for the previi us question was then
seconded, and the mim quest  n, rn the moti n ct
reconsideration, ordered to be put—yeas 116 najs
100.
Anl being put a? follows "Will tip House re
consider the vote by whnh the amendment if Mr
Adams, sinking out the 21st iult, wss agreed to?"
It wab decided in the negative, as iollow —yeas
107, nays 113
YEAS—Messrs. Alf ml, Landaff W Andrew ,
Amng'on, Aliierton, Bank*, liulm, Bidlack,
Bowne, Boyd, Milton B'own, Chi Its Btovn,
Burke, S II Butler, Wi turn B it cr, Willi-n O
Butler, Green W Caldwell, r i trick C dalwcll
John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas T
Campbell, Caruthers, Gary, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Daniel, Gairett Davis,,Wm G Dawson,
John B Dawson, Dpan, Dtberrv, Ev-tmin, Jo m
C Edwards, Tohn G Floy!, Joseph Pornince,
Thomas F Fo tei, Robert L G imble, Genirj,
Gerry, Gilmer, Grsgin, Willnm O Go de Gra-
ham, Gustine, )I-ib rsl ..m, Ilirn , flays, Heli e ,
Hopkm<, Hub i !, Hunt r, Inger ell Jvk W C
Johnson, Cave J hnsii.Je n W Jonr , I air D
Tones, Keim, King, Abraham ¡VTcCI 1 an M<
Kay, Malloiy, Marehand, Met i I, Mtuiic - i,
Miller, Nwh-.nl Nisbct, On"- 0« ley la'
ridffe, Pesree Pickerr, Pop  Profit, Rajn-r,
R dins: R neher, Rhett, Rigg Roa is, Ro sevt.lt,
Sanfo rl, S ¡under , Shaw, Shopper 1, Snvdei,
Spng", S anly, S e nrod S mm rs Semt r, S vc-
ney, Taliaferro, John B Tnompson Trip'ett, Tur-
ney, Ward, Warren, Wish ngton, Watt r on,
Wel'er, Wesfbnxk, Lew s *v 1 an.s Chn torrar
H. Williams, Wise, and Wt > t —107
NAYS—-Mes rs Adam AlWi, Sherlock T Ai
drew*, Arnold, <Wr :?e, Babcork, Bi\fr Birnar!,
Bee«on, Birdseye, Bair, Boardr?ii,B re1 n, Botts,
Brewster, Bnggs Binck">y, Br n oí, Jen m sh
Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Child , Chi renden John
C. Clatk, Staley N Clarke, CUnton, Cowtn C-an-
ston, Cravens, Cushmg, RichsrdD Dav s,Dimoek,
Doig, John Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Fes-
senden, Fillmoie, Charles A Floyd, A Lawrence
Foster, Gates, Giddmg«, Patrick G Gi ode, Gor-
don, Green, Greig, Hall, Halsted, WilLam S
Hastings, Henry, Houck,Howard, Hudson, HuDt,
James Irvm, William W. Irwm, James, John P
Kennedy, Lane, Lawience, Littlefield, Lowell, Ro-
bert McClellan, McKeon, Alfred Marshall,Thomas
F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morris,
Morrow, Osborne, Parmenter, Pendleton, Plumer,
Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander
Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Russell,
Saltons'all, Sergeant, Simon on, Slide, Smith,
Stokely, Stratton, Stuart, Richard W Thompson,
Tillmghast, Tf land, Tomhnson, Trumbull, Under-
wood, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Edward D White, Joseph L White, Tnomas
W. Williams, Joseph L Wi hams Winl'nrop,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and Tchn Young—113
Mr WISE then called f_>r the second question
of reconsideration, viz the motion of Mr FeR
nancf to reconsider the vote by which the IIou e
had adepted thr resolution appointing a committee
to rep rt rules *br the government of the Hou e,
and adopting, un ¡1 such report be made, the rules
and ordi rs except the SI t, of the last Iloute
On t)i!> snbjec Mr W observed he had a word
cr tvo to say, but as gentlemen appeiitd to be de-
sirous of an adjournment, he would jteld the floor
for that purpose
Mr. HOPKINS then moved to adjourn
Mr. FESSENDEN demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and weie—yeas 111,
nays 97
So the House, at 6 p m adjourned
IN SENATE,
F>!DAY,June 11, 1841.
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the S leet and Common Councils ot the city of
Philadelphia, asking that the Dilawarc may Le for
lined, and a steam ship engaged to defend me sime
The mem.iml was ref rred to lip Camnttee on
Mi'itarv Affair
The resolution of Mr SFVirr, on the subject of
tie transfer ti G n Arbuckle turn Fort Gibson to
Raton Rouge, coming up again as the crdci <f the
diy,
Mr PRESTON, ?fter tatirg in a few Wtrtls the
general prtncipl on v.b (h he or/pestd tne rest lo-
tion, vt/ that the Senate bad no right to dermnl
th" ntsons of evi ry mili ny order g ven by the
Comma kr-n thief, diflmel emcrm-  into any
further discussion on ihe subject
Mi ISfiVIER insioted that the Senate hid the
right to put the irquny ITe admitted that tip Pr -
«i i< nt mi ht ir fus-  to anMvet, but held that if lb 
Seen taiy oí any D partmen' sHoi Id t^fusn an an
sivpi io a re lectlul oall iiom oi no-- House of Con
"■res ,uf im'd jt H ground of in] tarhrn«nt and
temovil
Mr CLAY, af*"r nolicm" ihe ,m pnarp  of the
principle involved, obser ed tria the Pre ident was
Conma"der m-ch ef of the array anl nav>, while
Con" (-ss had authority over reitl^r, ar>d m istrl
thai lot President, as such, might, m t < p of peace
as well -\s in tun" cf var, mike, siuh d< posi en of
commsn liPtr(fle.is, <rlo íes o ln> p , 11 tes "Is
o v.>r, R-, m h s ! >r lion he sHou d d is les' foi
tV pi o cs rv r ¡j Coug'ess m><>l t na d his
i< on in rt¡  rl ¡o ene, it migru n P '"gird to
ID" o fr-rli it oiigt rml'ti-sffc, turn mi
of pnce i h I the ame r « it ni tn i" < t war It
rri lit ira           o th   rea o r w y  tu pr-ny   'as
on red iooi onast to the fr< n it, ind m a
en p when al1 dtp- d el upon spf> osy anl cle
rny m m 1 ary ptra on=, th  pi ns of the con-
man lermigh be tí ail"! by th  in «•r'trence
tf the leg a e branch ot i c G xo rment
He al o "rimiiv rted upjn the oe truetive
ii fluence of siph Jera ft' <n rll r ih ary
otd r i>nd "ubord nation He < isolaim d all
prejudice asanst General AnuHnf, v\ ose
p'tee -s an ofietr of t <• lTne uou i r <• hrly be
at V he"d<f his rec ^ent in For la ir h -vas
a G> neral! y brevet, and had been Ion  m rom
mind elsewhere, that alone might be a gotd reas-on
for his transfer    Mr C was constrained to «pove
to lay the resolution on the table, but promptly
withdrew it at the request of
Mr SEVIER, who wrrmly insisted on the right
of Congress to inquire universally into the reasons
of evsry order given by every Executive officer in
the public service, from the President dow n The
expediency of exercising such a righ' was a diffe
rent question It applied as much to the ¡emoval
of troops as to the transfer of an individual com-
mander If the President should remove an en-
tire army from the Wes'ern frontier, and leave it
exposed to Indian depredations, would Mr S as a
citizen of that region haic no right to demand
the reasons of such an ordei? Surely he weiuld,
ebppci?lly if the na ion was engaged in an Indian
war He admitted that General Arbuckle ought
regularly to command in Florida, and would great-
ly prefer beins; there to being stationed at Baton
Rouge, but this had not been allowed, lest he
shru d supersede an Executive favorite (Colonel
Worth )
Mi. CLAY of Alabama supported and further
insisted upon the prsmon taken by Mr Sevife
Congress had a ncht to ca'l for the proceedings of
courts martial, and foi th<* slate of om negotiations-
with a foreign count'v, both matters of great deli-
cacy, and, af<ntw>i, it might inquire respecting the
removal of rm officer fiom h's command. Sup-
pose the Secretary of War were to order out of
Florida all «he troops now engaged in defending
that unfortunate people, and abandon the Territory
to its fate, or suppose the Secretary of the Navy
were to order home our Mediterranean squadron,
leaving rnr commerce unprotected—wou'd the Se-
n?t m either of those case? refuse to inquire the
reason  1 Wcild it not Le (hep imperative du-
ty to demana an explanation. Mi Cr at dwelt
much on the importance of the principle of the
subordination of the military to the civil power,
and, after some observations complimentary to Gen
Arbuckle, concluded -r ith proles mg against the
doctrine which lul been contended for, and do-
•nanded (he yeas and naya.
Mr BAYARD admitted the right of Congress to
c?U upon the Executive Deoarrments foi state-
rnrnts of facts tiheneve- they wrc connected with
tl c da íes of the Legislative Department, and ne-
ce sary to the rpat exercse of legislative power
In e\ °ry other case t^e demand was an invasion
of the, nsh's ot the Executive Dspprtment Unless
lip inquiry Ha ed immediately to the business of
the Uoj c, its object was a meie gratification of an
idlecuriOoity, and an encroachment upon the h-
m is < f ano her Department of Government
Mr BARROW of Louisiana thou >ht there was
more in 11 "«oh tion th<-n appease 1 upon its face,
anlapp ared to tni k that t nad leen introduced
with ? view to t e creation of political capital.
Tne r ib ic mind night easily b° mystified and
m led hoa!d ;■ demand of this kind be made and
left  1 Itnoullbe confoundel witn the cabs
which tip Wh % p"U) had mad  upon the late Ad
mm stratiop, c>r he reason of miltaiy appomt-
m nts There \ asno evidence pat General Ar-
bipiJp himself wa Ois-siti fkd with his iransfer or
hi- pr sent comiranel, an1 it lib a viy delicate
thing to b-ing foe v ar' uch in mem <■? m the case of
a general officei, wit muí his rrevious knowledsc
an ! assent lie Irnpd t! at B-1' ri Roqg  could
justly le consiJ"ir:d as a plaeo of ex' , nor oil
he Lc'i i  tli t Gei °i=l lajlor, when there,
Ipd i consi 'ei d it It was a «nj d laxim of
red'aiv pol cy n t tolcr/ iw officer tro''ns -m
oe oitin h1 at tl e «ame paii*t There \~a= a danger
of his beciimng idem fie\ vi^ local feelmss and
nrejud ce<-, anl charged rtmamilia', fflicei into
a private r-n 2^n aitlaiae'dliii" p 1 tician lie
thoj ht Mr Pe\ "-a had "iote«h'itcl his usual
magnaninn v an t la^ness nhenhe thi w out the
irtimat ni hat the ¡rqmiv e ma'c, would not
elicit the true reason ft two orler, and intimated
that, if the in jtury had b"<-n made, or should still
be made in. a nr-r oi"l n er«e v ? ,ih the Secretary,
the reason, of th  orler \<oi'd be st?ted m the
fullest and raosi 11 iicfoiy nai ner But to make
thatirqtir/ thre i a n solution of the Senate,
was ietting an minnons precedent, which not but
be fe lloweel by the worst consequences    If @en
