CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Arbuckle felt himself aggrieved, he could deman!
a court of inquiry.
Mr. ARCHER made some rci >arko very im-
perfectly heard on the opoosile side oí the Cham-
ber. Prom so much of them as reached the ear of
the Reporter, he understood Mr A as denouncing
a practice which seemed to be fast growitg up m
this Government, of the Legislative Department
usurping to its°lf the powers and rights of t>e co
ordinate branches of the Government It w?s very-
true that the subordination of themihtaiy to the
civil power was a sacred principle of public liber-
ty, but the principle was no less important that
every department of tae Government hould con-
fine itself witbiu its own limit The pr< b°iH re-
solution was a pregnant example of the tend-ncy
of Congress to overleap this principle, and to in er
fere with one of the most transcendental rights of
Executive power. Mr. A also adverted to fre-
quent complaints in. tie army ihat one officer was
permitted to remam manv year1; at the same pest,
giving him opportunity to purchase and improve a
farm, raise and educate a large family and mullí
ply his ties with the community aiouLd bin, whi'e
another was ordered from post to po«>, -siihout be-
ine suffered to remam but a shor' time m any < re
«■pot Ifjinqu ry was grpnted in tbi-> c«s«-e, it ou d
bo be withheld m a multitude of others, and the
practice must prove high y injurious
Mr SEVIER made a general renly 'o the < b-
sections which had been made to hi resolution
He retorted the charge that the Legis'situr " < nde-i-
vored to engross all power to itself by ob'-ervii g
that there was a parly ,n the country v ho sough*
to accumulate a'l power in the Executive In re
piy to Mr Preston's general doctrine that Con-
gress could not inquire into the reasons for Execu-
tive order-, he reminded that gentlemen 'naf be hai;
himself callea for the reason why tu" Med e ra-
nean fle t, or a part of it, had "turned h^me "f
Congre^ could make t-is call, it mrely comd ?s ^
the reason why -in other ^houll b-1 re-aoiel from
the Indian frontier who had more mtii"ii< -with
the Indians than the Pres dent and h s Can net pud
all the Wnig party put together He hni, howtve-,
ro doubt that that gent'eman's ca'l vonld be
agreed to while his w-ss rejected, for the «¡ímD'e
reason thit the one had bt^n offered by a Dera -
crat and the oih°r by a Whig As to ¡be p j uion
that no call was to Le male bu it refeicne° to
some leg btive action, Ml S co i'1 rot te'l
whether any action won d be ct I'd for nit the
obtained the answer to his call.
He had offered the resolution without the know
ledge of General Arbuckle, because the order tvd
been issued but the other dty H" wanted to save
him from the threatened disgrace, and he wanted
something to s?tisfy his constituents as to a mea-
sure which could not but create great surnr =e and
dissatisfaction H  had not pti1 the mquirv to ¡he
Secretary m person, only brcius'" he n°v>r could
get access to him Tie had danced attendance in
the ante chamber for six hoars upon a stretch, a - i
had repeated that Is m°ss t 1 ie wastn^l oí it
A vote on h s rehilo ion wou'd s^ow w eih°r,
when Opposition S^nato-s want d m'ornaiioi
from any Department, 'hey musí fir t =~ w tuat
they had s;"ne on their hnets «o obnm jt, 8 d rem 
back w'mmig blouse it wi refnpl, i i t'e1
wait until Whig symr-a i>y ' old a* b t ten
duced toordtr it now th j o tí <• s rvanh T i
one, he should do no nieh htr<\ bit on! i m
future carry on hi en" espo  wee with ti D -
part-neuts from hi-, t}* k m that Cham.be
M- BENTON strongly in«is e 1 on tbe ngh n
make the call, on the groun I h^tlV p<> pie ou n=J
the army and the navy and the public iiith, an1
had a sovereign right to know uhr ' < v  v cfficer
was, wheie every soldier was where ev ry hi >
was, where every dollar v, as i id vt'tv ih y vue
there They hid as much right ti air the S cr~fa
ry of War touching his transfer of an o Pi e-, < s
they had to ask the Secretary of th^ IN ivv touch
mg his recall oí i fleet, or the Secie'iiv p| dteT ea-
sury touching his oi^po al o' the pub >c none)
He knew rolhmg of bis case, hut if it was ¡rue
that General Arbuckle ought to be with his com
mand m Florida, then it was not true that be ought
to be commanding a corporal s guard   at Baton
Roii"e
Mr PRESTON added a few words m explana-
tion. Thp Senator from Arkan<a<- was entirely
mistaken, if he understood Mr P a? having called
on the President for the n-a^ons why he had ordered
home cur ships of far from the Mediterranean
He had called for no such thine. The object of his
call was t) know whether a.vy Executive order a
all had been given for their return If the answer
should bs that an order had been given, theie was
an erd of the matter Tne true line oi discnmma-
Uon in this ma'tcr of Congressional ca k on the
Executive Department w?s t! is Congress might
call upon the Execu'ive for facts, tne knowledge of
which v i important to a right d ^chargp of their
< ut}, but it v as nci tne r province to explore trie
secret re^es e rf tne Executive mini, while acting
vita n lu^ constitutional limits of us own depart-
ment
Mr P. concluded with moving to lay the resolu
tion on the tibie, ?nd, the question be ng taken by
yeas and nays-, it was deeded in the afurmative, a^
foi CVS
YEAS—Messrs Arcb t, Barrow, Ba e~, Bay-
ard, Berr  r>, C^oate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon ! E"ans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Mangnra, Merrick, Millo-, Pnelp,, Porter, Pren-
t ', Preston, Rives Sioinnns, Smith of In liana,
£>ontharl, Tallm  Vn! Wmtc, anl Wooubndge
—27
N&YS—Messrs Allen, Berton, Calhoun, Clay
of A'abatm, Fulion, King, MeRobcrts, Nictnlscn,
Pie c% Spvier, femi'h oi Conncetirut, g.iirgeon,
Tappan, Wa'W, ^roodbu''y, Wright, and Youn 
—17
S( the rpsolation was laid on the table
The motion or Mr   Rive-,  for rererr ng to the
Com-nitffe on Foreign ^fiarsso much o tV Pie
l'eni'    m s ao-p as r^a'p^  t0    1r for     a -ri lirS)
now comipfr n" r- the unfinished busne   ,
Mr CHO \TE of Mas ap usetts a Idres—d bp
Senate at leng'h m an argnmenfaiv3 speech in
-ijpd cation oi th' cwse ol ti e S cr taiy of fitite,
and was foliovel bv Mr C4L1J0U^I, «hospoKe
w, h c"iriiesln ss on tae othei si le
Mr. HUNTINGTON men took th" (lior, W
went into ?n ? gurre-t en irtcna ona! a   in sup
ppi t and defenc of th" lega' p >. tio ■>  ta^en ' \ M
Webster m h s co r spondeece  with  the B-iti h
&' n sur,and m eply to the so"ech of Mr B cn\
N'av, who had as ai'el ihem
Anu then, on moi'on of Mr PRESTON,
T e Seja e adjouuif J.
1             HOUSE OF R^rRESEN NATIVES,
r-iDA^jJjn" 11  1811
Mr   HUjX.Ts.ave rote ih*t be w uid on  lo
morrow,  or a" m oi 'iPieafier as aT opp rum ity
should offer, isk leave lo mtrofiuc a b II to repeal
the act of 21  O tober  1S37, entil*'   "4n net to
ii i i pone Ihe founh in lalpjent of deposite v íti tí e
S       ,"  and funh°r piovidng'or  th   den   ie t
,      i       ii    iisulment Tc-ordng to loe ir vision
of lh actofJj e3 1336
KULE3 O^ lin IIOiT=!E
Ts" fir t In  ne    iP  or i r v ■>•,  l " mo ¡ ~i  of
Mr Popf anci ,' mat tr>p II  use rp<-o i ide   ti e vol
j 1 ptin"; i i   r   ol ' nn  io'It a"v"e u nipr t o   i
co inmtcp   lo ren i   <-p'"°  for   tr givp  írcnt   o
ta~ ilou e in I tppipon"i y a Wp i lg  '(      'c   in'
oi Ipi   of   i   5i    Hins^  t
'        t ir   WIS™ be ig pi    'ed to in" Po r,
Mr PITNüLliTO -I i k" 1 tV>"Pi l"tn?n to <; ye
'    sj/lo  c  'tnkD) nnoor   aip tiiijI I    m   he
I    Cbamter  ci   Connerc <.     Ci t nnafi,    ¡ o, one
!    tro n   'h"  c ' '"ns  ot  i$°w  R chmond,  C ermint
cjuntt,  Ono   oski   y  for  in  e fb'ishm nt  of i
National Rank     But,
Mr WISE c,p"iin ng to field hell >o ,
Tne memorials vire n t me en ted
r"',eSPE\RSR Imd  b" pre  ihp Ho isp rf'" n
p-spors from t a íS'aíe of Mime, in  th° '•" c «t  i
roniestpd elect ( r
Mr CLTrOPOd 1 not 1 now "hit ¡ i vid tal
\i is h"K n "imded to
Mi C vi« be™ informe! I> n Piem^er (hat the
"eat in t*10 Hi jse occupied h< thp Ho T A
Lowell wa> cpu tested
Mr CLIFFORD said he would object to their
rrception until the State of Maine was called upon
for memorials and petitions.
Mr WISE remarked that, as this was a privi-
leged question, be had g.ven way that the papers
might be presented
Mr CLIFFORD, seeing his colleague [Mr.
Loweli] m his seat, dpclmed to press his objec-
tun
Mi BOTTS now arose, and said that if he nn-
d> rstood the proposition before the Hou«e, it was
a motion lo ¡econsider the vote adopting the reso-
lution for the appointment of a committee to report
rules lor the government of the House, and lempo-
rsrtiy adopting the rules and orders of the last
Ilou e In pursuance of these rules, thirty-toree
s andmg committees had been appointed, and a
Sergeant-a -Arms, Doorkeeper, etc elected. He
desiad to tr mfotmed whether, if the vote adopt-
'rg the resolution be reconsidered, all these elec-
ti ms t oo, d not be thereby annulled?
Mr WISE procce led to address the House at
some len  h on the motion to reconsider, and ex-
pre s i ns icg'et that the question should have
hepn mroted at the present session, to the great de-
lay or the public business which Congress had been
convened to despatch, and which the whole country
were anxiously awaiting. Before Mr. W. had
concluded his remarks, he was. taken suddenly ill
and fainted flom exhaustion, and was led from the
hall by several members who hastened to his as-
s «¡tai ce
At tn- suggestion of Mr. FILLMORE, tbe fur-
th< r consideration of the subject before the House,
wis posiponed until to morrow
PUBLIC PRINTING'
Mr F'LLMORE s-iid, ¡fit was in order, he
would move that the House now proceed to the
election of a Printer
The ip-ilu'ion relatue to that subject, offered by
Mr. S-<Err¿NT a few days ago, having been read,
Mr ATFTRTON raised a question whether
in was in order.
The CHAIRsaidit was, wn reupon,
Mr. ATHERTON appealed from his deci-
sion
Mr FILLMORE, before the question was taken,
move 1 a call of the Hou^e, which motion pre-
•vai'e 1
The c" 1 having been gone through, and 210
m'"ib«rs b"vng answered to their names,
Oi mition of Mr WILLIAMS of North Caio-
1 n, aii further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed wito.
After some conversation between Messrs. GIL-
IVER, ATHERTON, CLIFFORD, EVERETT,
nLLMORE, CHAPMAN, DEAN, and the
SPG \ KER, an 1 the question being about to be ta-
k n on the appeal,
Mr CLIFFORD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordeied, and weit—yeas 145 nays 75.
^o the ikcno i ot tie Chair was sustained.
TLe q e tion now rc-urred on seconding the de-
f an I for V pr vion- question, and it was
a;re d to.
Tne 1 ram ques on was ordere 1 to be put, and
tbe rp olmion was ihen read, as follows
Resnhed, That the Ilou p now proceed to the
eW on of Punter ol this Iípu e for the Tweaty-
f f h Corares , whose compensation shall be
men 1 per pent less thai th  prices fiied by thp
,o   t res< lotion of 1819
*Tr WO<")D moved a divis on of Ihe resolution,
rn-u is agreed to, -md th° qiisstion being taken
on t'ip fi si branch tbereoi, it was decided in tbe
affirnative
T e question th n recuned on the second branch,
v hereupon, Mr WELLER called (or the yeas and
niy, vhch vere ordered, and wtre—yeas 178,
na\s 19
So tbe second branch of the resolution was con-
curre i m,
Mr WATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote just g'v n, w th a vi'w, m rase tbe molion
shou'd prevail, of then off ring reso'utions referring
*' e sabjeet cf the public prm'ng to ? spject com-
m ft°c, who*e duty it should bp to consider the
expe benev oí letting out the printing to be done
by conirnct. to the lowe>t bid ler, who shall furnish
