44
tJONGRESIONAL GLOBE.
satisfactory evidence of his abili'y to execute the
same. Also to consider the expediency of sepa-
rating the pnblic printing from the newspaper press,
&C.&C.
Mr. W. said that, by referring to the journal of
the 'ast Congiess, it would be seen that the above
resolutions had been offered verialim et hteiahm
by a member from Kentucky, [M>. Anderson,] and
tbey were accepted as an amendment to a resolu-
tion offered by a member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly.] It would also be recollected that
on that occasion, there were thrilling appeals madf
by gentlemen of the Whig party in relation to
a separation of the public printing from the news-
paper press. Since that time, he would admit that
the position of parties had undergone som." change,
and parties might still change; one might go up and
the other down. But however parties might change,
principies never changed; they always remamed
the same. Therefore, if it was right last Congress
to separate the public printing from the newspaper
press, it was right nmo.
When the resolutions were offered, he did not
hesitate to say that he voted against them, because
he was desirous of electing Me srs. Blpir and
Rives as printers to the House, and would elect
them now, had he the power. But he was told
that, in the recent elections, the peop'e had con-
demned the measures oí himself and his co ad-
jutors of ths late Administration Be that as it
mtght, supposing that the people of l his country had
condemned the measure of tío late Administration,
gentlemen of tne Wnig party wonld hot pretend to
say that their own measures had b-en condemned
Weh, then, ths resolutions he had just read were
a measure of their own; and as it appeate t tuat
Whig measures had not been condemned by t^e
peopfe, why should it not be as «aluiary now as it
was contended to be a' ihe last Congrí s i lie, there-
fore, called upon gentleman of the Wh'g paity to
act up to their piinciplc", and the.'' piofe^siors
made before the election. He would aKojemind
them that not less than thice members oí the present
cabinet were among those who were ir> i.-uorof
the above r<-soluti ms at the last Cong-e s At
Richmond, ihe present Sroetary of Si tie told the
people that a separation of ths printing from the
newspaper press ought to be on  jrrcat mea-
sure of reform, and that two other nrmibeis
of the cabinet referred to, Messrs^ Bell and
Granger, voted in favor of th - resolnti m
Now, said Mr. W. I desire to teH th^ s necrily
of those Whij gentlemen who voted for those ieso-
lutions. Let us see whether ll«"ir id-?s of right
are the same note as they appeared !o b> then If
our party and Us measures have been c n iemn"d,
that is no rea'on why the Whigs should not carry
out their own measures
The question bring on the reconsitVrVion,
Mr. SERGEANT opposed  the motion on the
ground that, by the adoption of this resolution, the-
House would secure the execution of trie pni t
ingataprice lower, by five per cent   thin the
select commitlee had requntd at the 'ast se=s on.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON followed, aM at th-
conclusion of his remarks moved the previous qaes
Hon on the motion to reconsider.
And the prevu us question being seconded,
The mam question was ordered tobe pul; and
being put, as folio .vs., "Will ihe House recon-
sider'" it was deuded m the ne-ga ive—^eis 72,
nays 122, as follows
YEAS—Mess-s. Alford, Arnngton, A'h-ufn,
Banks, Beeson, Bowne, Boyd, A?ron V B own,
Charles Brown, Green W. Caldwll, Patrick 0.
Caldwell, Chapman, Clifford, Chn>o-i, DinH,
Richard D. Davis, Dear, Dimock, Ooati, Ea-t-
man, J. C. Edwards, Egbert, fer'is, Joh i O
Floyd, C. A. Plo}d, Porrp^ce, G riy, Gilr"er,
Qoggin, Gordon, Hams, Hajs, Koines, H>--
kms, Houck, Hubard, Hunter, Inser oil, Jrek,
Cave Joho«on, John W. Jrne , Keir", Kmg, L -
tlefield, Lowell, Robeit McCVlIrn, McKa , M -
Keon, Mallory, 4 Margal', Math ws, Medid,
Newhard, Oliver, Parmenfpr, Paitrd e, Piel «ns,
Riggs, Rogers, Saunders, Shaw, Sianly, Seenrod,
Sumter, Swency, Val Buren, Warren, Wal er-
son, Weller.Weslbrook, James W. Williams,
and Wood—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff W.
Andrews, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Ajcngg,
Babcock, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman,Botts,
Bnggs, Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown, Je-
remiah Brown, Burnel', William But'er, Calhoun,
John Campbe't, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Gary, Childs, Chitten-
den, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Cross, Cushing, Garre't Da-
vis, Wm. C. Dxwson, Deberry, John Edwards,
Everett, Fes;enden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Fos-
ter, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Pac ick G. Goode,
W. 0. Good-, Giabam, Grei?, Habersham, Hall,
Halsted, Wm S. Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hud-
son, Hunt, James Irvm, William W. Irwin,
James, Wm. Cost Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, J. P.
Kennedy, Lane, T. F. Marshall, S. Mason, Ma-
thiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether,
Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, N<sbet, 0 bor.e,
Owsley,Pe^rce, Pendleton, Pope, Ponell, Proffit,
Ramsey, Btnjam.ri Randall, A Rand?U, Ran-
dolph, Itayner, Renther, Ridgwav, Rodney, Rus-
sell, SalUnstal!, Sergeant, Shepperd, Simonton,
Slide, Smith, Spr gjf, Sto'rele/, S ra'ton, Sum-
mery Taliaferro, John B. Ttionp«-on, Riebsrd W
Thomp on, Ti.hnqhist, Toland, Tomhnson, Trip-
let, Trumbull, U* derwood, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lire, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L.
White, Thomas W. Wilhams, Lewis Williams,
Wmthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John
Young—122
[The resolu'iOns above referred were submitted
by Mr. Stanly on D e. 23, 1836, and W'ie, on
motion of Mr. Pickets, law on the table. Tne
following is a list ot ¡hooo who vo eJ against the
motion to lay on the tnbk:
Messr . Adams, Alford, Ai'en, Andrews, An-
derson, Bernard, Bell, B dd'e, B'prk, B nd,
Bous, Brisg , Broc'iwav, Biown, CJ^oun, Jobn
Cimpbell, W. B C mpbe'l, Cirte , Ch nu, Omt-
tenden, Jobr C. Clark, Co'qaitt, Jsm" Cooper,
Mark A. Co< p°r, Corwin, Gra')i>, Ciin*ton,
Ciockftf, Curtis, Cushi' g, Fdi ord Dav ps, Garro,t
Davis, Daw on, DcVny, D nms. De! c1, J Kd-
waids, Evan«, Ev-iett, Fi'lmo'e, J Gai'and, lice
Garland, Caie Gentrv, frddmgs, Gnggin, G cde,
J. Gialnm, G'av,am, Gnngcr, Graves, (3 "Pn,
Iiab"r>hp n, Hill, Ha'tm?-, Henry, Hi 1 of Vir-
ginia, Hcffrao, Ifol , s; Hoplan-,, Hi,"', James,
J Johrson, \/ C. John-on, Kiror, A. Liwrenre,
Lincoln, Mvvin, Ma'on, Mite i"!l, Mm oe,
Mor^rn, Morr's N.-jlor, Ni-bet, O^lc, Ob in-,
Palm, Peck, Popt, Pro'li', P^nd"!', R -^dolp'),
Rar dei-, Rivn >, Seed, RiJge^.y, Sal on tall,
Sergeant, Simonton, S aJe, V Smit'i, Pao'y,
Sio r , StJan, Taliaferro, W^ddy Tnomp^on, Til
1 i) h>st, Tol?ni, Tnp'ett, Trumbu 1, Und rwoed,
Wagner, Wniten, l? D Whi", Tohn Wh to, T
W. Wilhans, L Willifms, J L *-V lli^ms C
H Willums, S. Wilnsn s, H. A. Wi c—111 ]
Nomination"! then ueing m urdci,
Mr MORGiNncmi ateJ M<-ss'j G>le5 and
Seaion
Mr. McKEON aomma ed Meso Bbir and Rives.
Mes is McKiON and Mohgín were then ap-
ponted telle rs
The Hou^e then proceeded to vote, and the result
was as lol'ows:
Whole number of vtcs,              -           -       213
Nece^ary to a rhc ic,                 -           -       107
Messrs Gales and Seatoa received   -    134
Mis rs. Bair -nd Rives       "          -     73
M-   X'eipr Force                  "          .       6
Co Me srs Gaies ?nd Seaton were declared to
ha   - b en duly i-hc'-d.
Oo mo io  of Mi. BRIGG3, the us«?l order for
the fuiíisbini of i ewsoapers, e e wai j«r pd to
¡Wr SERGEANT i.sl' Moved \ 'ifiensiou of
the rulps to ,?o e him n sjbm t a rtso'd icn con-
fir.irg the ar'ion of Cerg esaMisj n^cnt ^es=iOn
ti a c r,am cl< ss of measures, but the r«o!ion was
negatived
After s-veial uisuccp sful attempts by o her
members to introduce bil1 , etc. af half-past 4 pm.
The Housp adjourned.
IN SÜNATE,
Satoedav, June 12, 1841.
Mr,  CLAY of Kentucky presented two  peti-
tions from the city of New York, numerously sign-
pd, praying for the es'ablishmcnt of a bankrupt
law; which wsre referred to the Committee on the
Jud c-ary.
Mr C. also pre ented a petition signed by a
tiumbpr of the citizcrs of Washington Gity, praj-
ing that the bank^ of the District be allowed to
issue small notes, payable in spsuc, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a petition
from a number ofci'izens oi Fort Wayne, Indiana,
in favor of a bankrupt law; which was referted to
the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a similar petition
from citizens of Jefferson county, Mississippi,
which was similarly referred.
Mr. BUCHANAN ssked and obtained leave to
wi hdraw from the file^ of the Senate, the petit.on
and papers cf M?rguet Shaw.
Mr SEVIER lefc.rcd to the report of the Secre-
tary of War, and read the following pa.sagp;
"The frauds that have been prac'iscd m the
Southwest i>ave ¡¡een to some, extent inquired into,
but a full disclosure of all the facts has not yet been
arrived at. Enough has, however, been brorght
o light to establish a conviction that certain con-
'ractors Lave realized the most enormous profits,
the greater poitiou of nhich i>> be'ieved to have
been the direct frsnt of g os> fraud upon the Go-
vernment or the Indians, practised by bribing ^ome
of the suKnrdmate íns'ruments m tije public em-
ployment, or through the mismanagement of higher
public p^ents, who can cn'y «crepn themselves
from the'u^picton of a connivance 'n the frauds
b> submitting to t'ie imputai on of gro>s negli-
gencp, ignorance, or insomp'tency in tne perform-
ance of then duty."                           %
This passage had m«t the eye of Mr. Steven-
son, a gentleman connected largely with Indian
emigraUon to the Southwest, from whom he bad
rpceived a crmmuiucatiOT, which he (Mr. Sevitsb)
hanued in to be rca i. Tne communication was
read—the object of it being io a eer am if Mr.
Stevenson wis m any marrer alluded to m the
passage quoted from the report of the Secretary of
Wo.r. Mr Sl\'iie concluded by moving the fol-
lowing íesolutiori
Resohed, Ihat the Secre'arj of War be directed
to furn'sh the Sjr^'e with th' namssof all the con-
tractors in th- Siuthwest, ■abo har'e received
enormous profits under Indian annuit e", mvoiv ng
the disbursement cf hi e sums of money for tne
emigr ition and subs Sience of Iidipns, as refeired
to by him in In-, comrrun ea' on to the Presi-
dent on t>« 31st May, 1841, sad whicn profits
were effected by hi Img some of tne subordi-
nite msirtiii-pnts m t"e public employment,
(fun shmg ,he names of those instruments) or
tmougathe mioraaaagemeni ofh gh r public agpnts,
(giving ihe nitres of those agpn's ) who can only
screen themselves from suspicion t f a conn,vanee
in the frauds by suDmitting to the l-nputa'ioa of
groo  reg igence or ignoraace or ulcrip^c'y m the
peiformance of men duty; and that re fuinish to
the Sena c tn' names of all the pames reícrr d to,
whether agents of b'gh or subordinate gr^de,
bribed mstrumi,n's or contractors, and th  testimony
upon which his communication is predicated.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. Lay it on the table,
sir, for to-day
Mr. SEVIER hoped it would be printed; which
was agreed 'o.
Mr. Yv^RIGHF presented a petition from a large
nursler of the c"¡7<ns of Clinton county, m the
Slate of New York, in favor of a ban' rapt law.
Also, a petition trom u-p cty ol JSTe / York for
the same object.
Tie pe i icnsw re reierreJ t0 ths Committee on
ths J'idic a >
Mi. PRESTON called uf a .esolution submitted
by h m orne da,,s smce, vihicn was read as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That ihe President be leque ted to
commumca'e to ¡he S°rate 'he causes which led
to the sailing 0f the United States squadron from
the Mediterranean, and the letjm of tha filiate
Brandywine, togetker with such official correspon-
