CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¡) denee connected therewith as m hi' opinion may
i¡ not be improper to be communicated.
i Mr. PREsTON said he hrd rot observed, till
then, that the report of the Secretary, in part, anti-
cipated the inquiry. It would be necessary to
j amend the resolution. Mr. P. sent the following
i     amendment to the Chair.
I         Mesolued, That the President cau*e   to be com-
í     municated to the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public interest, the correspondence between the
Í     Min-ster in Englaud, with the offbers of the Me-
¡     diterranean squadron, in consequence _of which the
!      squadron left   that   station, and the despatches of
Captain Bolton, to the Secretary of the Navy, con-
i     nected with that movement.
:          Mr. SEVIER inquired what was the difference
between this resolution and that he had offered in
¡     relation to Gen. Arbuekle, and which the Senator
i      had so strenuous!}' opposed yesterday.
Mr. PRESTON contended that there was a great
(     difference bttween calling for facts and calling for
motives of action.
Some further discussion arose on this difference;
'■     in the course of which,
!          Mr.  CLAY  of  Alab-.ma said,   the resolution
1 seemed to him improper, as it wa> in the nature of
1 an vrder to the President to inform the Senate, in-
stead of being r.i the usual languase of resp~ct,
i requesting the President to communicate, &c, He
1       sugges ed the propriety of this modiricat-on;
WtuehMr. PUES f ON acepteu; and the re; o-
lution wes the.i adopted.
The following resolutions heretofore submitted
by Mr. Benton, were taken up and agreed to:
Re$olvcd. That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Secretary of
the Senate the orders (if any) which have been is-
sued to the officers of the army and navy in rela-
tion to political offences in elections, and threaten-
ing them wi.h romovol or dismission for such of-
fe-iee; aiso, a c..i> y of the tame orders (if any)
w .ic,:i hat"e heen issued to pei-,ons in the civil ern-
pljj, merit of the United Siete?.
Resolved, That tLe President of the United Slates
bs requested to commumca"; to t'ss Senate a copy
of commission and instruction? (if cny such there
be) which may have been issued to inquire into the
conduct of laborers or contractors in the public
service in Ü13 District of Columbia: with ail the
information which msy b? necessary to the under-
standing of the oblcct>, powers, and duties of the
commisdosers, their compensation and organiza-
tion, thela.v under which appointed, aau the time
thev have been in service.
The following resolution, moved some davs ago
by Mr. Clay of Kentucky, hiving been taken up
for consideration:
Revived, That when the Senate adjourn during
the present, session leaving a subject under discis-
sion and undecided, tne consideiation of the sub-
ject shall be resumed at the next meeting of the
Senate, immediately after the journal is read, and
petitions and reports are received, without waiting
for the usual hoar of o:,e o'clock:
Mr. BENTON objected to the resolution, as go-
ing unnecessarily to change the rules cf the Senate,
and to shut out lesolutions and cal s of ¡¡.qu;iy. it
would cut off the only source of information now
open to the minority for a rigM understanding of
the mani^ernent of the Government. It seemed
to be an attempt to cut down and s>hut oat inquiry
in a way not hitherto known to Congress. He v/as
firmly opposed to any cutting invn in. this manner,
any privilege of the Senate. Ii showed a determi-
nation to dica.e to the Senate its order ef business
and the duration of the session, if it was per-
sisted in, he would at least dcimmd the yeas aid
nays.
Mr. CLAY replied, insisting uj>-.n hi,? equal risht
ti submit resolutions with that of other membeis
of the body. If he had not that righ', he wished cny
Senator to rise in hs plac;, and show why he had
not. And because he had offend a resolution
as to the ba'iness which it would be proper _ to
take ep during a certain portion of the day,
it was called dicMtion. Other gentlemen had
the same rights with himself; they might move
mat the session might be protracted till dooms-
day,  if they pleased, or contined  till Christmas.
He had a right to move on the same subject, and
should exercise that right to its iullesi extent. If
any St_tistor hare was of opinion that the Senate
ought at this .'peciaS session to be thrown loose up-
on the ordinary business of legislation, let him ex-
prpss that opinion. Mr. C. imagined there were
none. He presumed gentlemen on all sides were
disposed to confine themselves to that business
which had brought them thus unu--usUy together,
and to the despatch of which public sentiment had
so distinctly called them. It was not the intent,
nor would it he the effect of the resolution, to pro-
duce any permanent alteration in the rules of the
Senate, for the proposed restriction was in terms
confined to the present extra session alone. Its ob-
ject was to rrevent the consumption of the whole
morning, till one o'clock, in business disconnected
with the few great and important subjects which
lay immediately before them. Next week, the
Senate would have before it ¡ha subject of a Bank
of the United States, presented in the form of a
bill of thirty or thirty-two sections; and, to allow
ample time for its consideration, he should move
to change the hour of meeting to ten o'clock in
the morning. He hoped the discussion of this
important subject, ;,s well as t^at of the dis-
tribution of the public lands and the currency,
would be prosecuted from day to day, wiihout
stopping, until thesegreat measure:, were brought to
a consummation. Many of the resolutions offered
here had no aspect towards any legislative action;
and he had no idea of exhausting the time of the Se-
nate by collateral discussions, having no connec-
tion whatever with the busme.-s for which Con-
gress had been called together; a specimen of which
they bad had before them, both jej'crday and to-
day. They detracted the attention and wasted the
energy of the Senate, and went to prevent it from
accomplishing the important ends for whica it had
been summoned.
Mr. YOUNG heartily concurred with the Sena-
tor from Kentucky in hie  desire to terminate the
se'sion at as early a day as possible, b«t did not
think it nece.-"ary to make an alteration in the
rules. The Senate was always ahead of the other
House, and would continue to be, without this ex-
traordinary degree of has'e in th1 despatch of bu-
siness. He suggested the propriety cf suffering the
resolution to lie ft.r a dpy or two
Mr. CLAY cxptessed his hs'ppincss at hearing
from t!:<? Sonator from Illinois a emenrrence as to
the desirableness if an early aJj -urnment. He
trusted that crsire was genera', ai.d that nobody
wanted to hr.'-e the síssíou proracted beyond the
month of Joly. The f?er,a'-T win Id see, without
any reference to the course of bu-iniss m the other
body, the propria:-/ and the irupoitanee to the cha-
racter of the Senate 'hat it should go on and do its
duty. It' any ^elay should, occur, -.vinca he did not
fsntitipatf, in the proceedings of the other House,
that was io reason why the Senate should be tardy
in its movements. Let us (said Mr. C.) doourduty,
pnd our w"-'0'e duty; and let U5 do it ns rapidly ?s
it can be dec, consist?vJy with due deliberation.
Mr. O. hite wen: into an cip'ivatinu <-* to whit
would be the effect of the res.-htti'm on tlm pr i-
grrss of i..f> b."-ircss of the fei-a'c Let us meet
at 10 oV -ck, if neecs. *.ry. Let us meet early and
sit late; let us finitii the work th-tiscxprct;d fiom
us, and then go n.jine. In urging 'his. he meant
nothing unkind or improper to g'litlpmcn on the
other side of ¡he House. There esis ed, iddecd, an
ur.fottúnate difference of opinion .Vtwcen them;
•ut let ¡heir contest* bo co'itest^ of ¡nttüect olí/,
and not of brutal physical force; in seeing v. bo
could tit out the other, or consume the most time
in useless debate. Mr. C. when in a Minority, had
never consented to any struggles of this k'fid; and
he should not, now that circumstances were changed.
He was for battling it mind against tuind; let the
talent on both sides o," the Haise Is fully mea-
sured and pi:t forth, and then lot the vrrquishod >
party subr.it with di?r.i.y, and no: d'-e.end to a
mere physical str>j.-<rf\ He 1" "pod the; should ¿t
once gei to work, and go ou with ¡heir work till it
was finished.
Mr. BENTON said tkat the adoption of this
new rule would cut oft' entirely ail calis upon the
Department for informaron, which was necessary
to a discharge of their legislative duties. It was
something quite new for Senators on one side of
the Senate to prescribe limits in this manner as to
what calls they s'noi'ld make for information. It
would, besides, cut off all Executive business.
The President had called upon the Senate to exer-
cise great caie and caution in ¡he confirmation of
nominations. The obligation to caution on this
point was certainly as strong, if not stronger, upon
the President himself, who made the nominations.
He, (Mr. B.) however, should, for one, comply
with the advice, and scrutinize closely the appoint-
ments which should come before them. The Pre-
sident had warned them as though he meant to give
a hint that some very bad nominations might be
expected, and that, as he could not be expected to.
prevent this, the Senate must be held responsible
for all confirmations. Yet here was the second
week of the session gone, and not a nomination had
yetbeen submitted to them. Reports, indeed, reached
them through the papers, and by reverberation
from distant points ot the country, that such and
such individuals had been displaced, and such and
such 'others appointed to succeed them. They
had a right, under the Constitution, to scrutinize
ail these appointments made during the recess.
But little enough time would be left them after the
nominations came in; jet here was a resolution
which went completely to cut off all Executive bu-
siness. Important resolutions which had already
bsen offered would, he presumed, be never heard
of egain. The whole movement grew out of a
profound ignorance of the rules of the Senate. As
to the distinction between general and special or-
ders, the alleged objects of itic resolution could be
reached without any change of the rules. This at-
tempt to execute the objects of the dominant party
in a summary and compendious way was very odi-
ous. He supposed the rern3rks of the Senator as
to contents of physical force referred to his having,
the other df.y, spoken at a late hour in opposition
to the repeal of the Independent Treasury; but he had
a right to speak, and he meant to exercise it to the
fullest, extent. He meant to speak on the Mc-
Lcc d case if they had to speak till the church bells
should ring to-morrow. He was not to be cut off
by "hopes not." He had his rights, and would ex-
ercise them.
Mr. EAYARD, though (as usual) scarce heard
from the Reporter's desk, was understood to main-
tain ¡hat Mr. Benton was wholly mistaken as to
what he hud laid down by him m reference to or-
ders eenoial and special, and the effect of the reso-
tton on ¡he order of business.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought the resolution unne-
cessary. There was a courtesy among the mem-
bers of that body which rendered it always easy
for gentlemen to ;:ecomplish their wishes as to the
order of business. He rejoiced, however, inci-
dsutaily to have heard "that the subject of a Bank
of the united S.ates was to be taken up next week;
that was emphaticall / thegrerd; business which had
b'ou¿l-.t t'.-.cm he e; and, when it should coma up,
hj trusted the fijuator from Kentucky would find
they wert as anxious to get oa with its discussion
and to dispose of it, as he could himself be.jgAs to
si.ting so long at once as to produce exhaustion,
he had never knewn it to expedite public business,
but the contrary. He should be opposed to fixing
the hour of meeting at 10 o'clock. He agreed,
however, entirely witn the honorable Senator that
th'j present session ought to be confined, rigidly, to
the 'important subjects for which Congress had
bctfii convened; but, owing to the rapidity with
whioh the ScMte go: on with its business, they
m'ght ca'caia-c, without any extra haste, on keep-
ing ftt ahead of the other House, which, for
aifeh'. ha could perceive, was likely to debate abo-
lition for a week or two longer. He thought no
man cuald complain of any v.ant of rapidity in
the manner in which i hey had repealed the Sub-
, Tier.-iiirv law; he believed thit operation had been
completed in a day and a half, or two days. If
gentlemen persisted in having ali the voting on one
side of the Senate, and all ¡he ¡>peakiug on the
other, he thought they might hope to get home
again In two or three weeks.
Mr. KING argued to show that there was no ne-
cessity of adopting the resolution.     He went into
