46                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
a technical discussion of the order of business,
contending that a majority of the Sena'e could
always dispose of what was before it very much as
they pleased. The change would preclude any call
on the Departments unless by general consent.
Why tie up members m this way? Nobody on
his side of the House wished to see the session
prolonged; all concurred, he was sure, in desiring
an early period of adjournment. Mr. K. never
bad concurred in any attempt to defeat measures
by mere delay, yet he insisted that it was the duty
of the majority in every public body to allow the
minority a full and fair opportunity of discussing
every measure proposed, to deny this was a speuGS
of legislative tyranny, in which gentlemen were
too apt to "feel power and forget right." He could
assure the honorable Senator from Kentucky that
he would gain nothing by a course of this kind; it
it would only excite a spirit wh.ch it was desirable
on every account to keep down, but which would
very naturally be roused by making men feel that
they are under rules which empowered the majori-
ty to cut out from the mass of business any sub-
ject they might choose to select, and push it on,
regardless of the rights and wishes oí the r oppo-
nents. He trusted the honorable Si na'or would
not insist on pressing his motion, but that, in a spi-
rit of liberality, and as a matter oí right, he wou d
at least allow space and opportunity ioi tue usual
calls on the Departments.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that the principal
means by which a minority could guard its, rights
was the observance of the rules or order. He sub-
mitted to gentlemen whether it wax fair thus to cut
off their opponents from an opportunity oí bring-
ing out the expression of the r opinions on every
important subject—yet that would be the whole et-
lect of the proposed resolution Ii the Senator
would withdraw his resolution, Mr. C. would him-
self move to alter the hour of meeting to 11 o'clock,
but he must express bia hope that the Senator
would not depart itom that generous, libesal, and
eourteous habit oi proceeding, which was the r< al
honor of the Senate. Very iare)y wa> such a
thing witnessed as the attempt to thwait a me.i .urc
by the mere consumption of time, or by a resoit to
the technicality ol rules Seldom had it been at-
tempted to stop debate by fitting out the ques ion,
and never, save in the case of the Sub-Ti<wsury,
had he known the Senate to íefu e the consump-
tion of three or iour days in the discuiHon of mea-
sures of gieat and vital importance Oth. r gen-
tlemen might not take the same view oí this thing
with Mr C but he con lderud thtt thv. co itest
at this session was to be a coi'tcst ot the great
principles of the old Federal puly aga.nst iho a
of the old Republican paity, mil its re-
sult would decide which was lo 1. ¡ve Ih pj< d< nn-
nance in this country F« hi' own p, it he ho
nestly believed that upon that result the Silva ion
of the country hung suspended. It geutkm n de-
sired to shorten debate by observing an unbroken
silence, let them do so; but let them at least aflord
the other side some opportunity to sptak. He saw
no reason for this resolution that could be credita-
ble to those who urged it. This House moved ra-
pidly, the other slowly, and as to setting them ex-
amples, would they look to the Senate for patterns
to follow? If they did, u would be vain, because
they could not follow them.
Mr CLAY observed, in reply, that he wanted
no other or better evidence than the piecent di-n-u1--
ston was affording ol the disposition oí their oppo-
nents to protract debate Th s was a pel ictly
simple question, all could ui derstand i*. The re-
solution was confined evclusively to this present
called session. All it aimed at was on its tace, and
that was, that, if the Senate should discuss one of
the important measures which were to occupv its
attention during one day, without bringing the dis-
cussion toa close, they sbould not, on the ¡exl day,
be compelled to wait ti 1 the hour of one o'clock
before they resumed its discussion as the unfi^isned
business. As to the argument that, withcul this
rule, the unfinished bu-mesa might be taken un,
provided there was nothing else on the tabic, what
did it amount to? It gentlemen wi heo to delay
the discussion, could they not readily comrive al-
ways to keep some other business m  readiness on
the table—some Arbuckle case, or some useless call
for information that was to lead to nothing1
And as to the reflections which had been cast out
m regard to the celerity with which the Sub-Trea-
sury law had been repealed, did gentlemen really
expect, after the expression of public opinion
which had taken place from one end of this land to
the other, that they we'e to stand here five or six
days on a stretch discussing that which the people
had already decided? To what good end1 Would
it change the opinion of a single man1 Would it
do any thing but consume the public time' Take
as an example the speecHof the honoiable Senator
from New York, \Mc. Whisht,] a gentleman evci
distirguished not only by his decorum in deba'e,
but by a courtesy and even kindness to his oppo-
nents which was honorable to his cnaiacter; yet
what was his speech, when any gentleman examin-
ed it closely? The honorable Senator commenced
by taking it for granted, in anticipation, that the
substitute for the Sub-Treasury was to be a Bank
ot the United State , and then he proceeded to oc-
cupy three hours in speaking upon a subject not
before the Senate. And for what purpose1 To
what end? Mr. C. could have answered with
ease every a'gumtnt he brought forwaid, but he
did not choose to do it. The country expected
thi m to act—the country felt—the country suf-
fered—the country was agonized by this everlasting
consumption ot time without action. On this
question of a Bank Mr. C. was willing to hcai the
Senator irom SouthCarolina just as long as he
might choose to speak to that question, provided,
always, that he should not undertake to sptak
against time lie hoped that, as thertsolunon  a,
temporary in it  application, a mere provision toi
the exiting sossion, not working any alter mon m
the ruks oí ordei, that Stnator would at once con
sent to let u be adopted. What was the practice
in the Bi idth Parliament' Tne y would very olten
s.t all night to finish a measure, although on a lew
vciy extraordinary uccasions the debite wa<-pro-
tracted lor several days. But here we continue
to tall' from day to day, item week to week, fioin
month to month, while nothing was done. Mr. C.
was very ready to sit and hear, but really, provi-
ded he could resume it at the end of the version, he
couul almost consent that his facul y of speech
hould K suspended during its continuance. He
trusted the resolution would be atlopttd, and when
they got on one of the great and absorbing subjects
which demanded thi-ir act-on, tiny would iollow it
oui till it wassfittle 1 one wpy oi the other.
Mr CALHOUN said that no man on that flior
could be more- anxious to be at home and attend-
ing to his buMiie-j than he was, but he did claim,
ui Ichalloi the impurity, that thty should be heard.
He denied th t th people demanded fiorn them
actio r done. Thty demanded that ih^j should
act wiiclv 11. y weie trembhn„lv alive to ti e (ate
ot the Ce n^titut on It might suit the view-, of p*,-
htici ins and spccuia on that Con¿ress should come
*o speedy actian, especial y on one subject But
what opportunity was adowed for deliberation and
discussion1 In ihe ca'-e of the Sub Treasury they
had had but one day or a day and a half, and the
gentleman now talks of allowing tbem but five or
six on other measures of equal importance Tne
great question of the session *as not the repeal of
th  Sub-Trca^'iiy law, but what was to bead pted
as a substitute for it. The auempt thas to cut off
dtbaewasa thing unprecden ed in the Sph te
He should lesivt it. Anxious as he was to be a'
home, he would lem.iin here a whole year rather
than not be heard. He moved to lay the resolution
on the table, but consented to withdraw tho motion
at the request oí
Mi ALLEN, who commenced by observing
that the object of this resolution obviously was to
hurry this session to a conclusion. They had seen,
,, and from a source which, in that Senate, was not
to be contravened in the least, a long list sot iig
forth the object which it was tne design of the ma-
jority in power 'o consummate before C mgress
should rise, and they h'd heard from the same
source this morning the particu ar time prescribed
within which this Herculean labor was to bs p-r-
fonn¿d. Tne whole of these great subjects were
to be deposed of before the last day of July    The
Democratic portion of the Senate, (said Mr. A.)
are not responsible for being here, they come at the
bidding of those who are politically their masters;
nor are they respon*ible for the million of dollars
which will thus be extravagantly squasdered. But
we are here, and as we have been brought here by
our adversaries, we shall not permit them to
veil their faces before the public or gag us on
any pietext before we have made a full exami-
nation of every feature of their countenance.
The chief expense of the session will be the mile-
age of the members, the money paid to them for
coming together and fur leturnmg home. We have
come together, adjourn when we will, and we must
return, vhether now or three months hence; the
time intervening, whether longer or shorter, will not
be the chief source of expenditure, and therefore,
on principles of economy, it is better that we should
take tune to do all the work for which we have
been called together. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky tells us that the country is agonized, and that
they have come here to relieve it from its agony.
During the five months of the panic session, that
Senator cried the sams language in our ears. No-
thing, nothing but the return of the deposites to the
Urn ed States Bank could save the country from
bankruptcy and rum. Who thet was here then
can ever forget how these clamors were thundered
in his ears1 How often it was repeated that on
the instant return of the deposites, the happiness
and prosperity of our whole country depended?
Ft r five long months were we detained here on
that question, when the whole effect of the decision
must be the rolling of a tew kegs of silver from
one side of the street to the other, and every body
knew it Tnat single question, and that alone, oc-
cui ied us h?re during ihat entire session, yet now,
when nothing le*s is contemplated than a total
change of measures as o'd as the country itself,
when we are to reverse our whole system of opera-
tions, we are told that two short months
are sufficient for the whole. The establish-
ment of a Bank of the United States is one
ol the measures first to be brought forward, and
the Senator says, that the country expects from us
action, action. On what ground does he say this?
Has ih* country decided m favor of a bank1 Your
President sajs no—it has not. That man, who,
from his position as a candidate for the second of-
fice in the gift ol the people, must have perfectly
understood all the issues which were made before
the people—issues on which his own election was
to turn—tell- you mat this measure which is
picascd upon us with such hot haste is condemned
by the nation. Yet the Senator from Kentucky
te'ls us tnat we aie heie 'o act. Which one of all
the measures in the long catalogue read to us by
that Senator have the people of the United States
dec ded on, according to the authoritative decla-
ration cf tae official head of the Wh g party ? But
one, and that is the Sub-Treasury. This they
have condemned, and that condemnation, in the
It nguage of the Senator, has been carried fiom
judgment to execution. So far as the Senate is
concerned, the Sab-Treasury does not exist Well,
in legard to the other measures to be proposed lo
us, we have the offical declaration of the President
ot the Republic that the people have not decided
in their favor. This comes to u„ m the form
or an annual message, which, by the Constitution,
he is required to send to both Houses of Corgre s
und«i the solemnity of his oath Under these
solemn circumstances, and with all conceivable
means of know.ng and truly understanding the
issues v hich have been presented to the people oí
the United States, the Chief Magistrate tells Con-
gress that the people are not in favor of a National
Bank. Weil, if they are not for the gentleman's
Bank, sii'lles are thjy in favor of his frightful
project for the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands and its necessary consequent, the
eventuü assumption by Congtess of the Stale debts,
and, as the ultimate remit, the leturn of this coun-
try undents colonial condition and ancient depend-
ence on Great Bnlun. They have not decided in
favor of that. But we must hasten through this
business because the weather is hot Why, did not
the gentleman know m what month Congress was
to be convened1   is his getting home to his friends
