matter of more weighty linpouanee man that the
Senate should decide widely on measures oí vital
import to the conn iyt Who ev,_r heard oí a coime
vo despotic: so absolute; „i tjraanicj], so damna-
ble, a.> to fix the very day on w><¡í h we shall finish
five or six successive nu&at cs of State policy,
each one of the n oí consequence sufficient to con-
vulse an empire' And ait this because you have
numb-rs by which to do it—bectose yon have
ayes—ayes, to carry what tors please, ard noes,
noes to negative whatever your opponents bung lor-
vard. Expedition haste, silence, secrecy, aie the
political ins>trum nts of despoUjm every where.
Give to the people under the mo-t despobc Go-
vernment in Europe time to corisidet and an op-
portunity to investigate ihe truth, and there i not
a monarchy there which would s'and longer than
ihe Federal dynasty now m power in these United
States is destined to continue, and tnat is not ovei
four years. As yet 1 have not lost all hope of the
Republic—<"m Iron k. 'J.V wh ch of this threa-
tened tyranny are yet s ime-vhat c'osged He who
now weais the ho.iured parp e, may 3ex display -a
redeeming spirit, and save it u .sta £ i d by a base
>-cra"i'ole for the meie suec-s^ur wno ia 1 eitai ei
to wear it Bat oi all tht% a shed t me v 01 ad-
vise us. I he-pe tnere aio i ghts somewher^,, where
nunibcrt. cannot esen an absolute sway until that
great tribunal of number5 the peop'e, shall have
recovered the power to direct tl en own affpiis
Tyranny' Can any thin? be more tyrannical,
more despotic and absolute, than to present to us
such mea*ures, and then to come here and pre-
scriba the very day wi'hin which ihey sha't all be
consummated' Wo, )ou sba'l not tarry here
longer than Ju'y, and for what are we p-r mt'ed
to wait so long? That we n.ay pass a b>U L? a
Nanonal Bank ¡a th face oí the P'esidení'i ín-¡>-
sage, deilaring to Ui that Gen. Jackson's \?'o <f
such a Bank va' apt roved aud -ca'<. t vy he
peopie, to as u.ne h Sate ue.,1 ; to UKr'ga^e
an em pi c, and ii a' :> iut'Cui empire, ioo,
tor ihe ucncfi' of f>i>i h bar "-is, w .o e agmts,
I a i told, aie flockir g a rea iy io th o s sit of Go
v^rrment ready io - ]z>- u^on the sju', We
must do ail this, and row kng r. trae a time is
granted us m wh ch to do i * IKti) the last da/ of
July And why rnust we adrurn the i B ^au^e
the Sjna'or trcm Kentucky as oi opinion mat we
ought to act, wnich, leirg interpreted, means that
we ought not to spear Tne vuv fus  cot plain
against the old Fc \t\ lany i^s an „ct which
lorbace f-e peoole to ^peak tne i nit.id , ih ' was
.'sag at that day, as. t ere s i be a ga<í u dus
We must act, and must scu ! the icsal' c i oui ?< tun
to the other House, and thus ''cHufcoif Rtpv
sen>atives is to be controded—' is to be Kaded
down by the miss of murderous ¡ubj sli tat ttiem
by the Senate. The newspapers die ¡hen to le 'et
loose upon the House, rr>d is members t-e to be
ehidedior letting th- áentt- oe-u them They ?re
to be ¡old that the Senate did so and so m so nv^y
day ; and thus ihe ip>e dxx.t of the Senalct <ro n
Kentucky is to legulaie, first the Serine it the
United States, then tie House o* Resres^.tatives,
and then, I suppose, ihs Exeeul ve. Wel¡, sir, we
shall see Foi myself, the gentlemen round me
well know that I hive cca>ce ever lifted mv voice
in mis Chamber till urged to oo so by "-orne ct thein.
I have ever been unwi'hrj to brtair the -nence
of th  body for tne mere purpose of ta,ki"g, noi
should 1 have done so no , but ior in imperious
necessity.
But I ho'd. that (Ik ar n uicem^nt ly the Sena-
tor from Kentucky of bio Julv adjournment, and
his laying down to ua the measures which aie tu
receive our acaon, is a turn oí bg'sla ive despo-
tism which should be rented at 'ho threshold, in
its very first stage. I have no tlnu?ht that that
gentleman meant to srty, in so many woid-, ysu
shall do this He is too v,ire fei that; bul m this
chamber an expression of the opinion of that gen-
tleman is potential 'I here sre uiPeienl descnp-
tions ot power Some k nds rf power are obtain-
ed and hell by the loiee of political association,
and without th.3 form., of la , and s0ne power is
derived irom the Con ti ution, ?nd r-verus*d under
the laws. The noivet oí me Senator from Ken-
tucky it. oí the first class.   It i° dfivcd from po-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
htical associatioi and combination. I' is a moral
power, and m saying so I do not speak of i s qua-
lity, but in contradistinction to power of a physi-
cal kind Ii is undefined and intangible, n mani-
fests ikeb in mere words, but l'strTect is real, and
appeals m the lesuit Wn n t,¡¿i Sera'or snake-
his head «ndaays, "I hope not," we know how the
ye?;, and nays will stand as well as it they had
been taken andcoun*td. When he lajs a resolu-
tion on ihe table and S3}S "these are my opinions,"
when v e hear the declaration, "my opinion is
that the Sud Trea-ury must be repealed," "in my
op mon the fill for a Bank oujit to pais," "ac-
eeidmg to my opinion, the distnbu ±on of the pub-
hr lands ougut to be made," how do we find ihe
vote1! Nor = this any ¡natter of censuie to that
gent'eman
if there be any power on ear'h which is ciedita-
ble to a man, it is that derived Irom the position
which he hase..rned among In fellow men When
this power is admitted by ¡hec around him, it is
the mest despotic wie'ded among mankind I
carrw; out its edicts wdhout tnd oi the forms'of
law,. Of £ i the terrible ioims, the «responsible
a^d *rr sisi, le forms of human pouer, the highest
*s tha' of tne guillotine oi a victorious partisan
leader. When spake he without be.ng obesed?
Never since the 4m of Maich I say not this with
a vievv to blame Ksassocu'e Í Know too much
of ÜV phi'osophy oi patty. I know that ooedience
to l's dicta'es may come to be e/tn conscientiously
viewed as the most nrpoiUnt ot duties Manv a
man ot upr git mmd, ivhen up ier th s nfiuence,
h?d ra nc do a little wio ¿ tuaa sacrii.ee what he
supp te- a gieat éood, he vo'es j aor nay at the
rodcf bis party lea ier, because his fuendi tell
him, if ji.i refuse this vote, we ha'i lose a great, b
j ct, thus he Uvol s in and arranges himseií m ihe
tii.ii of somr' j,rcol krdet, oí i!rge po it ca! cx-
"e'ie. ce, lo ig la tne habit if coi^Tidudiug i^en,
and who ma) even rival ..i s'ien^h ¿no hei clad
in the put pit of ciu titnuona' Evecuu." Yet,
sir, I even dcubt win h ia the «.ttuugesi, he Arm),
th> JNavj-, ih' ConMituli n and the laws on the one
iiJe, or upon the other that undefinable, intangi-
lle, invis ble, mi ral influ^nee of one man, with
not'ituji but a S n'.tonal comí i sion in h ^ packet,
'ant Ui ded by fifiy nun, each bLai.n¿; ■  ( o>"i..ii -
sion of eguat authority wnti in„ o i> Tims the
insult oi gie«'t exp^nenee, butt'en'rje man «ho
wn Ids a po«vei UKe th s ought not to ase it 't>r the
purposes of (1 spo'ism When he do o, i íear him
more tha i I lo die President of I ¡e tinned Stales,
le >ust, it he shall at emp to ruiup any di^spo ic
'ru.v , ne-e stands le !w an' tne Const taf on,
and vie caa quote t-heu a ,«i ii-! him Not so wdh
t e mon<tica oí a tnun i al |Kt'y lit ha~ a right
io perk «lid noli cui t'tn} , r < ¡ 'v act «nd
Cannot Lt, i. reached Tn'' d fit. eua¡ Detteei
th'se two spv es oi fowtris'ke ihvt p-iiich sub
bistsbctvicn the tfiec^ ot p 'ootal \ioicnce ard
■ he efftets ot pe 'enct — o-\" is usiblo, you can a-
si t a>id oveicarne i', the othei io u.ifelt ti i reoi t
¿t' e is van
Ihoie  e, fiUc'epo' icspois ble ii r .h s ell
of Congress, .u n goi> g to li>t in I c ue^tier
drive us Iruiu > ur daty , nd o ir ^o s ui 'A He
have aioposce .11 leinpnuui n ! ores wliuh
denand of a> enim t Th g n i man / II make
seme hmg fro.n iV !lo. wean ' i i ci i heie,
(laying ¡ll5 hand upon Ins io^c e, t ) I am not able
to speak edher a long o>" as w-=ii a tne mport? rce
of the subjec swil! rtqu le, n -v rtne'ess, 1 shall be
found the last in the pi, ¡}t w vii v,ha'
streiig'h I ha\e, a iiiCuoUre whicn i sui'-uaty in
my near! bebeve sponets ou' the Cotisd'u'< n,
andconvcrk. the Geveaimcnt n tnisg' at Repubuc
uno a base, mon-j-hun*. g, ni ine)-lovii t-, rorr.ipt,
stupid, limited monarcny -ind Bouioon ■• stoc-a y
This I believe wdh ^]1 the sincerity ci rehgion it-
self I shell therefor becneofthe la t to 'eave
thf ranks oí resistan" •• to 'hese mess ,res ->bout to
be ii' e "d on the iVady pva ¡z ' hai tU c. thit.
people.
I hop" the Senator in 1 iCf tbe question on tips re-
solution go by, and h-i* he will not r °>-t his pr.ra-
mount iniluence .n toieing s .ch a >rs<r etion upon
the Senate. But ii nepreso'^ b¿> resuiuuon to a
vote, I can <e'l him 'hat! e will nave to sit Here
47
many a long and sultry night. There are eighteea
ot us on Hie one side, and two others who, on this
point, will unite with us, and that makes twenty:
ad of us can talk "some"—all of ns, from the
) cungest to the oldest, can and will say something,
and vie will unite our endeavor to stay this torrent
oí systematic corruption which is now to be let
loose like a Niagara upon the country. I shall not
anal) ze this system of measures, I may, however,
animadvert upon the entire mass Nor shall we
stick upon mere technicals where such deep and
ever-enduring realities are at stake. I shall can-
vass the whole together, and I can and will demon-
strate faeiore the American people that the princi-
ple of political corrnption Is the very life and soul
of the entue msss, and that its tendency is
ultimately to render this now free Republic
subservient to a foreign power. That has been
the hstoiy of all republics, their decline com-
mences m corruption and terminates m subjection
to a foreign power. I hope the Senator will con-
sent to let his reso'ution be laid on the table, and
tnat he will not realize the emblem of the man
wdh the gag of 98 upon his month, by fastening
upon our miuths a Senatorial gag; consisting of
houts and hot weathei, hewed out by a single word
of a single Senator—"expedition."
Mr. BENTON, after inquiring of Mr. Wood-
bury whether the new rule would notcutoffa re-
solution offered by him in relation to the sale of
bonds in Europe, demanded the yeas and nays on
as pas age, which were ordered by the Senate.
Mr CALHOUN suggested that the resolution be
so fat amended as to_add "resolutions" after "re-
ports "
Mr. CLAY (Waned accepting this a a modifica-
tion
Mr. WALKER wished it to include calls to a
comrnii it e.
Mr CALHOUN moved to lay the resolution on
the table, but withdrew the motion at the request of
tVir. BAYARD, who suggested the expediency
of inseit,<i  an exception in favor of resolutions of
inquiry touching the subjects that might be under
discussion.
Mr CALHOUN .enewed his motion to lay on
the lab'e, on which the yeas and nays, being called,
result d jj foilo*s-
YE IS—-M s.is Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Ciay of Alabama, Fulton, King, McRoberts,
Nic'sobo , Pitice, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
btuigeon, Tappan, Waluer, Williams, Woodbury,
Wngkt, and Yoong—19.
NAYS—tVSessr . Archer, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien. Clay of Kentucky, Cuy ton, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Ilende-ison, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
M-n ck, M'llet, Mottnead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Priston, RiV, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard,T¿'!madí.e,White, and Woodfandge—27.
i Mr. OLA tV now's^nuied h's will ngness to ac-
I c pi the oiufidient pit poseo by Mr Bayard,
t > i t,i. s f d i not coiiuJ' i it a uect s~ry.
"ii  Cl^Y of Aldbann moved to a-nend the
a>n i.d a tu by  tutting ou" the .att r  clause, "re-
s -eung  nij cts under discasston," and supported
I   ms mo toa by some remarks m favor of allowing
caí s on iht Departments for information.
Mr CLAY ol Kentucky rep'led tnat the effect
I   ot th.i would be to render the íesolution perfectly
I   pu'    >ty     II• asj,ared ^f-ndeiiien that there was
|   no cu-pos,  uoj v^s side ot ihe House to prevent
I   in ju iy     He cer ainly had none himselt.    But did
titfetutl men really lupine  that, because  as a
1    in, only t kv jio> essed certain rights, they had the
iiJu o. «.onto mt; the business ot Congreso Sup-
!   po a c i e oi them sho-i'.d introduce a resolution,
t. r example, on the subject of proscription, and
i    tt e Sena e m ould be diawn off to  debate on that
1  se «-C, what  a sadly   ludicrous spectacle would
the, tiut.iecnt to the Amenc/in people, debating
j   tormenths th s matter of p o^ci'ption.   Would a
1    cotiise li e thit ob y the «ill and fulfil the expec-
f¡ o is of the American people?   The presentation
o   resolutions woiud not ne prt vented by this rule,
J   s-.ve at tunes wbrn an imprrtant subject was ur-
I   def discus ¡on, and ¡emamed undecided  He hoped
1   that ^cnJemea woJd not ms'st on gomg, at this
I   ca'ied s<"sion, into ¿efical unrestucted legislation.
I      Mt   CLAY of Alabama bere suggested that if
