48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the object was to prevent the consumption of the
whole morning till one o'clock on matters not con-
nected with those great subjects for which the ses-
sion had been called, that might easily be accom-
plished by so modifying the resolution as to set
apart one hour tor the consideration of memorials,
reports and resolutions He suggested that modifi-
cation, and asked if it was unreasonable1
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky replied that he really
wished to see the business of the Senate done in the
manner most agreeable to gentlemen on all sides
of the House. ,If gentlemen would be content with
having one hour assigned them for their calls on
the Departments and other resolution , very well,
he, for one, would assent to such an arrangement
Tokens of assent being given—
Mr. CLAY said, if the Clerk will follow me, I
will dictate a modification, though I do not like to
be a dictator in any sense.
Mr. BUCHANAN.   You do it so well, you
ought to like it.
Mr. WRIGHT That'* fair.
And the words "that's fair" were repeated in
various quarters
At the suggestion of Mr. KING} of Alabama,
Mr. Clay farther modified the resolution by adding
the words, "unless otherwise ordered by the Senate "
And the resolution in its finally amended shape
was then adopted as follows
Resolved, That daring the present sestion, at the
expiration of one'hour after the meeting of the Se-
nate each day, the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the subject left unfinished the
preceedwg day, unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate
Mr SEVICR wished to know if this resolution
was not nearly word for word with, the long stand-
ing rules of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. Very well, if it is
there is the less harm done.
Mr. PRESTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the election of Chaplain
Mr. SEVIER said the Senator, by the rule he
had just voted tor, was precluded from going into
the election of Chaplain at this stage ol the pro-
ceedings
Mr WALKER moved for leave to introduce
a resolution of inquiry to i committee, and
The CHAIR was about putting the question,
when
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said there was a com
munication on the Secretary's table, which he de-
sired might be read
Mr WALKER claimed that the question
should be firit taken on his motion, which, being
done, it was agreed to
PLAN OP A FISCAL AGENT.
Mr W then sent to Hit Chair the following re-
solution.
Resolved, That the Seieet Committee, to whom
was refeired the que* ion of reporting to ti e Senate
on the subje-t ot a fiscal agent for the Government
of the Unncd S ates, be directed to inquire into the
expediency of vesting the control ol said agency m a
board of six dnec'or-., located at the city of Wash-
ington, to be chosen by a joint vote of both Houses
of Congress, two oí said dtttctors to be elected at
each Successive vote, each member being p rmitied
to vote only on each occasion lor one director, so
as to prevent ha d board b mg pUeid under the
control of the Executive or of any party.
Resolved, That said committee be alco msfucted
to inquire into the exped eney of tendcirg to the
Stites branche. of aid fisud age icy, on the con-
dition precedent, that '-aid States have first entered
into an ag eement With each oiher for the gradual
and prospective limitation or abandonment of the
banking power of the S'stes.
Resolved, That said committee be al-o instructed
to ínquue nto the expediency of confining said
agency to the n«e of geld aid silve', anj ot bills
receivable of th  Government ot the Uutcd States
of large denominations, enchains a'l the paper 01
the State banks, and so as to jeta n an pdcqiate
supply and circulation of gold as well as si'ver at
all times m the United S lies.
Resolved, That said committee be also instructed
to mature into the expediency of applying pros-
pectively the bankrupt power of this Government
to the State banks.
The resolution was agreed to
PL *N OF A FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED
STATES
The CHAIR then submitted the following com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
Tbeasury Department,
June 12, 1841
To the Pres'dent of the Senate of the United States
Sir In obedience to the directions of the Senate,
contained in their resolution of the 7th instant, the
Secretary of rthe Treasury has prepared, and heie-
with submits, a plan of a Bank and Fiscal Agent.
In the genera! plan and frame of said institution,
he has endeavored to free it from the constitutional
objec'ions which have bsen urged against those
heretofore created by Congre-s, and as far as prac-
ticable, without impairing its usefulness, to guard
it in its details against the abuses to which such
institutions are liable. And he now respectfully
submits it the Senate with the hope that, in the pro-
cess of consideration and enactment, ir may be-
come, what he did not presume to promise, but
wh ch he earnestly desires to see in the possession
of the nation a Back and Frcal Agen , free from
constitutional objections, and adapted to the wants
of the country and convenience of the Govern-
ment,                         i
It is proposed to incorporate a Bank in theDistric*
of Columbia by the name oí the Fiscal Bank of the
United States, having a capital of thirty tmUiondol
lars, with power to establish branches or offices of
discount and deposite in the several States, with
the assent of the States that the Government sub-
scribe oiie-fif h part of the capital, and on the sup
position that it is he purpose of Congress hereaf-
ter to direct that the fourth instalment, appropria-
ted by the deposite act of June 23d, 1836, shall be
paid into ths tieasunesof the several States, it is
also proposed that a subscription to that amount
be made in the name of the United States, for the
use of the States resiectivelj, the stock to be as-
signed to, and beccne the property of, such States
a shall accept trie *ame, m the m?m,er and in the
proportions and subject to all the conditions pro-
vided and imposed by that act
Ind for the amou^tof tne six millions to be «ub
senbed by the Urned States on their own account,
and siso ioi the amount to be subscribed for the
ule of the eyiril S' ite , i* n> pro-wed that a stock
be cieated, bearing an interest of five per cent per
annum, redeemable at tne pleasute of the Govern-
ment at any ume a t r fifteen yews
In cise Congrrss hould not see fit to make such
a pn vision a> is proposed for piying n tbe ^fa'es
the foorth instalment uu'c the deposi e ¡>c, it
may be well voith v tic 'o ctiiidir wh h !- the
S a'"s mignt nof b« peril t'"d to t tka the s'ock if
the B nk aicoit it  u bur lesptctive amount uf
pi p ilatirn, f> the oxt i of t"n nulhois m all, ü-
■=uing thcefor toc¿ of th ir o n, bearing such m-
tere t, and leimbiir0'!'-! e at such peuods, as might
be prescribe, , th  uivi lends on the shares thus
held by the Sta es, respectively, to be applied, in
the first place, to the payment of the interest on
their stocks, with ? further provision, if thOLght
necessary, that, in ca'-e the proceeds of the public
Ian 's should be assigned to the States, those pro-
ceeds should be applied to the reimbursement of
the pnncipal of iheir cleo s, or stocks, created or
issued for the purpo es afuresaid
In the op mon of the Secretary, it u desirable
ti if tbe Si teo should he perm tted to take an inte-
rest in one rf the foregoi !  mote- or some other
mode, in the new institution, but, if Congress
should think otherwise, then it is lecommended
that the Government of the United Suites sub-
scribe for ten millions of stock, leaving twenty to
be subscribed by individuals
It is proposed that the affairs of the Bank be
man?ged by seven directors, two of them to be ap
pointelbythe Pie->idenr, by ?nl with the advice
and consent of th*  Senate, and five to be elec ed
by the "tockholder-, at their annual meeting. A
preidpnt to oe chosen by the iirectcs out of their
Ctrl body
Tha* the branches be managed by not more than
seven, nor less than five directors, two of them to
be appointed by the States in which the branches
may be situated, if such State be a stockholder, and
the rest to be appointed by the directors of tbe
Bank.
It is proposed that the Bank be the fiscal agent of
the Government That the public moneys be de-
posited m it, and when there, that they be deemed
and taken to be in the Treasury of the United
States, and that the deposites be not removed ex-
cept by law, and that the notes of the said Bank be
receivable in the payment of public dues, and that
payments made by the Treasurer of the Umteá
States may be by checks on said Bank.
That the said Bank receive the funds of the
United States; that it transmit them from one part
of the Union to another, and distribute «hem for the
payment of public creditors, and perform the duty
of pension asent free of charge.
The ordinary powers and privileges of bankmgiH-
stitutions being conferred upon it, and the ordinary
liabilities and duties imposed in order to prevent
over-banking, excessive issues, fluctuations in the
price of stocks.and consequent speculations therein,
and to secure the bill holders and other creditors of
the Bank from danger of loss, it is proposed—
To limit the dividends to six per cent per an-
num, but if they fall short in any year, the defi-
ciency, with interest thereon, to be afterwards made
good—and when a surplus accumulates, exceeding
two millions, the excess to be passed to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States
That the amount of debts *?hich it may at any
time owe, shall not exceed twenty millions over
and above its deposites That the debts at any
time due to the bank shall not exceed the amount
of its capital and seventy-five per cent, thereon;
and that when the amount of its bills in cir-
culation shall exceed three times the amount
oí specie in its vaults, no new loan shall be
made
That it shall not deal in any thing except
com, bullion, promissory notes, and inland bills of
exchange.
That it shall take no more fian six per cent, up-
on loans.
'1 hat it shall discount no promissory, note and
purchase no bill of exchange which has more than
one hundred and eighty days to run, or make any
Iran for a longer time.
That ns debt shall be renewed.
That it shall not at any time loan the United
States more than tlree millions of dollars, nor any
State more than 100,000 dollars, nor either for a
longer time than one hundred days, unless autho-
rized by law.
Tnat it shall contract no debt for a longer time
than one year
That it siall issue no note of a less denomina-
tion t jan ten di liars
Thai il e officers of the institution shall not be
permitLl to borrow money from, or contract any
deb therein, in any manner whatever, a note or
bitl of which such officer, as maker, drawer, en-
dorse, or acceptor, is forbidden to be discounted.
The directors of the branches not to be considered
officers withm the meaning of this provision
To prevent or expose any fraud or indirection
in the management of the institution, to prevent,
^l o, large and improp-r loans to individual , to
thj injury of the stockholders and tne public, and
to prevent, likewise fal e imputation when such
iriega!an*ies do not exist, it is proposed that the
books oí the institution, including the accounts of
a11 md'viduals therein, be at all times open to the m-
sfeHion of the Secretary of the Tieasury of the
United State , to a committee of either House of
Congres , to each,ot the d lectors of the Bank, and
to a committee of the stockholders, with power to
make public whatsoever they think fit
It is proposed to provide that the branches shall
not issue notes or bills adapted to, and intended for,
drculation, but may sell drafts, not less in amount
than nfty dollars, for the purpose of transmission
and excrange
That the Bank shall not suspend specie-pay-
ment—that it shall not pay out any thing but coin
or bullion or its own notes. That its existence as
a corporation continue for twenty years—but that
