52
House be adopted a«r the rules of this House tem-
porarily, and that a committee be appointed
thereon—   •
Mr. RAYNER offered the following as a sub-
stitute for the said resolution:
Resolved, That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives be adopied as the
rules and orders of this House for the 27th Con-
gress: Provided, That this House will not consider
any objects at the present session except such as
are embraced in the President's Message  and that
all petitions and memorials on all other subjects,
receivable under the rules and oidets above men-
tioned, shall belaid on the table without reference
or consideration.
Mr. APA MS desired to know whether there
were any rules now in existence?
The SPEAKER said the rules reponed by the
committee and adoptsd by the House on Saturday
were in existence,
Mr. AQAMS. What, now the vote appointing
hat commi.lee has been reconsidered?
Great confusion here prevailed, so that it was
impossible to hear wuh distinctness.
A motion was then made that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RAYNER insisted that he was entitled to
the floor; and, expressing his intention to address
the House to morrow morning, moved that the
House do now adjourn
Mr. BRIGGS inquired of the Chair if there was
now any hour to which the House should adjourn
The SPEAKER replied that there was not
Mr. BOTTS rose for information. He had been
summoned to attend a meeting of the Committee
of Ways and Means to-morrow morning He
wished to inquire whether (under the vote just
taken) that committee was now in existence?
Mr. WISE called Mr. Bott^ to order
Mr STANLY called Mr. Wise to order.
The SPEAKER (now replying to Mr. Botts)
said that was not the question before the Bou^e.
The question was on adjourning.
Mr RAYNER to the Sfeakfr. Shall I be en-
titled to the floor to morrow?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be en
titled to the floor whenever ihe piopcsttion
comes up.
Mr. UNDERWOOD proposed to amend the
motion for adjourning by adding theieio "until
to-morrow at 12 o'clock "
The SPEAKER said that there had been a se-
parate resolution adopted by the Hou>e, distinct
from the roles, fixing 12 o'chcka^ the dai'y hour
of meeting until further order.
Mr. W C JOHNSON insisted on the qjes-
tton being taken on the adjournment
Messrs WISE, J C CLARK, an4 MALLO-
RY, severally rose to order
The yeas and nays were a'ked on ihe motion to
adjourn, which were ordered, and, being taken,
were yeas 13C, nays 62
So the House at, 8 p. m adjourned
IN SENATE,
TüESDAy, June 15,1841.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of citizens
of Fountain county, Indiana, in favor ol the pas-
sage of a bankrupt law, which was retcrred lo the
Committee on the Judie ary
Mr. TALLMADGE presented thf> petition of
citizen-, of New ioik ¡n favor of the pas ,>ge of a
bankrupt law, which was referred to ihe C dm.
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. T. also presenter1 the petition of citu ns of
Duchess county, Nea Yoik, in favor if ihe esta-
blishment of a post route, which was ldid on tne
table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented ths petition of citizens
of New Yorkmf«.vor oi the passage of a bank-
rupt law, which was referred to the Committee on
the Judie ary.
ELECTION OF PRINTER
Mr DIXON aske-1 that the reso'ut on submitted
by him, some days since, m relation to the e'ec
ion of Printer, should be taken ap, which was
agreed to, and the resolutioi was nad as fol-
lows.
Rtsolvtd, That the Senate will on Thursday next
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proceed to ihe election of Printer, the price  to be 
paid to be the same as under the resolution of 1819,
deducting 20 per cent   therelrom
Mr DIXON ihen modified bis resolution by sub-
stituting "now" for "on Thursday next."
The resolution as modified having been read,
Mr CLAY of Alabama remarked that, when the
resolution for the election of a Printer to the Se-
nate was first offered, he had intended to submit
a proposition, by way of substitute or amendment
He then intended to have made an effort to restore
the supremacy of the law, and to restore Mews
Blair and Rives to their rights, both of which had,
as he confidently believed, been violated by
the action of the Senate, in its Executive ses-
sion of March las'. The faint hope of suc-
cess which he then indulged, Mr. C said, had
since been entirely destroyed Tne indications he
had witnessed from the now dominant party, sines
he took his seat at the present session, had left not
tha slightest ground to anticipate any thing but dis
appointment and dpfeat in such an en'erpme If
the wrongs of Messrs Blair and Rives virre to be
remedied, it must, (and, Mr C doubted not, would)
be at some future, and more auspicious period.
Mr C said, under such circumstances—as he
was unnulin,* to give his sanction to the intended
piecceding-, either directly or indirectly, and for no
factions purpose whatever—the only course left
for him to pursue would be, neither to vote for
nor against the resolutions offered by ihe Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr Dixon ] nnr should he
vote in the proposed election of Printer. Tnere
was no existing vacancy to be filled. Messrs.
Blair and Rives had been duly elected for
the two years ensuing the 3á of March last,
according to the provisions of our own enactments
They bad given bond and satisfactory security for
the performance of their duties It was not pre-
tended that they were eithpr unable, or had neg-
lected to perform, their duties On the contrary,
their hi ne5ty, fidi'li y, ami punctuality, heretofore,
afforded an unquestionable guirantee of their fu-
ture fumie omduet In these views Mr C hoped
his friends would concur generally, and take no
part whatever in the con'emnlated proceedings
The Senate then proceeded to ballot, and the
[ vote-* having been counted, the result was declared
to be as follow
Thorms Allen             -           -           -       26
Mr CLAY of Alabatm said, though it was of
little consequence as to the result, there was no
quorum voting, and consequently no election
Mr CLAY of Kentucky contended there was an
election. There ware but fifty-one S nators elect-
ed to that body, and twentj-MX uss a majority of
that number, and a quorum to do tusiress.
Mr. KING <aid the constitutional number of
Senators was fifti-two, and th~ constitutional num-
ber nfce«aiy to do business was twenty-sM en, or
a majouty of ihe whole If Senators were absent
from mdisposiiion or other business, or the failure
of Stales to elect, it did not cha ge the rule, and
though it was of very lntls impirtance as to the re
suit of this election, as gentlemen have the majori-
ty, and can easily elect their candidate, 3 et it was
of imp manee in setting a pieeedcnt He hoped
gentlemen would, therefore, proceed to another bal-
lot, when it was probable some of their aD'-ent
friends com ng n>, would give the n ihe constitu-
tional quorum
Mi ARC4ER and Mr HENDERSON m
some br ef icmarks, «¡lat-d their enure c< neurrciice
in the vie-vs of Mr Kins.
The CHAIR 'hen 1 «xcted memb rs to prepare
foranol'ic lnnoi, and the vo'es b°mg counted, he
following was declined lo be the result
Thomas Allen     -           -           -           .35
Mr CLAY of Ken'u"kyobserted that  tic Se
rator vo ei for Mr A'len     He hoped that w u'd
not be repeated, as it would not  be counted aid
ought not to be    The Christian rame should be
given.
Mr SMITH of Indiana hoped some of the gen-
tlemen m the opposition it i.ld out m a vote, even
if it was m blank, lo relieve them from the em-
barrassment of having no quorum He was the
more ei couraged to do this, as on a similar occa-
sion, when his political friends left the Chamber
he remained, and deposited his vote, and enabled
them to make a quorum.
Mr. TAPPAN would say to the Senator from
Indiana, that this is not an ordinary ca«e. He
was as much in favor of courtesy as that gentleman
or any other Senator, but this was not an opportu-
nity on which he (Mr T ) and his friends could,
with propriety, offer that courtesy. It was held by
him and them that Blair and Rives are the Printers
of ihe Senate, legally elected, and they could not,
therefore, wita the opinions and convict ons they
had on that point, consent to participate m any elec-
tion which they regarded as a ? illegal act
Mr CLAY of Alabama then rose and said that
he was aware that—
Mr CLAY of Kentucky (who was not at his
seat.)   I call the Senator to order.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from
Kentucky had listened with much complacency to
the remarks of ihe Senator from Indiana, and did
not call him to crder, and why should a ques-
tion of order be staned when a Senator is attempt-
ing to reply'
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky persisted in his point
of order on the ground that no debate was allow-
able during the pendency of the balloting.
The Senate thtn proceeded to the third ballot,
and the following was declared to be the result:
Whole number       ...           27
Thomas Allen    ...       25
Mr Allen             ...         2
Si Thomas Allen having a majority of the
whole number of votes, wab declared to be duly
elected.
The resolution submitted some days since by Mr.
Clay of Kentucky to print 1500 copies of the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury was then
taKen up.
Mr. WOODBURY rose, and was about address-
ing the Chair, when
Mr CLAY of Kentucky rose and said he be-
lieved the resolution was in his possession, and he
did not intend to call it up to day
While Mr C was speaking, many Senators ex-
claimed, "order," "order," there is a Senator oa
the floor.
Mi WOODBURY said he bal no wish to force
discussion on the gentleman's le^olution He only
wished to know whether he intended to call it up
at any future day, or was it h.s intention to post-
pone it a 1 trgethei?
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would have abundant opportunities of de.
livering his speech on questions which would be
presented relative lo the finances, and he would
then listen to him with g'eatpieai-uie.
Mr KING sa d if t^e Senatoi from New
Hampshire desired to proceed with his íe-
marks, he was entitled to the floor, and had a per-
fect ngh' to do so, sn i he trusted lo the sense of
justice of the majority to protect him in that
right But if it was the understanding tnat an
opportunity would be given to-morrow to his friend
from New Hampshire to address the S"nate, he
would advise him to await that opportunity but
unless that pledge was given, he hoped he would
now go on with his temarks.
Mr. WCODBURY said he could offer all the
remarks Iip intended to make on the resolution
submitted by the Serator fr m Mi-soun, [Mr.
Bfnton ] and which, after being amended en his
(Mr W ) motion, v ?s yesterday laid ot the table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky V-ry well I'm
ag'eed.
CASE OF MrLEOD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the mo-
tion to refer so much of the President'-, message as
relates lo foreign affairs to the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs
Mr. BUCHANAN, who was entit'ed to the
fiocr, replied to the lemarks of Messrs. Rives
Hi* \tington, Chcate, and Prfston
He was followed by Mr CLAY of Kentucky
and Mr ALLEN, at ihe conclusion of whose re-
marks, the question was tdken on Mr. Rives's mo-
tion of reference, which was carried
The Senate then went mto Executive session,
And then adjourned.
