56
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WISE.   Order.   I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. STANLY.   I don't care if you do.
[A. voice.   Put him out ]
Mr. STANLY.   Try it, boys.
[Loud cries of order—order ]
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. STANLY. I shall submit my inquiry to
the Chair, let who will call out order Ls it in or-
der, Mr. Speaker, to ask if these gentlemen have
changed their votes?
[Great noise in the hall ]
Messrs. WISE and GILMER called Mr. Stan-
lt to order.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] had a right to put an in-
quiry to the Chair, if it was proper for informa-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I inquire, then, whether these
gentlemen cnanged their votesl
Mr. WISE.   I ask the Speaker if that inquiry
is in order?
. The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. WISE   Then I call the gentleman to order
Mr. STANLY. I have asked the question, and
I have triumphed so far, at least.
Mr. WISE.   Order.
Mr. STANLY    Order back again.
The SPEAKER called both gentlemen to order,
and then anneunced the vote—yeas 106, nays 110,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L. W. Andrews,
Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock,
Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Board-
man, Bjrden, Bi tts, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson,
Jeremiah Brown¡ Burnell, Calhoun, Thomas J.
Campbell, Childs, Chittenden, J. C Clark, Staley
N. Clarke, Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cr.iveiis,
Cushmg, John Edwards, Everett, Ferns, Fessen-
den, FillH.ore, J a Floyd, A L F iter, Gates,
Gentry, Giddings, Patrick G Goode, Greig, Hall,
William S. Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, James Irvm, Wm. W. It win, James, J P
Kennedy, Lane, Lawrence, Tilomas F. Marshall,
Samsoa Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Moins, Morrow, Os-
borne, Owsley, Parmenter, Pendleton, Pope,
Powell, Ramsay, Randall, Randulph, Ridgway,
Rodney, Russell, Saltonstal1, Sanlord, Sergeant,
Simonton, Slade, Smith, Spngg, Stanly, Stokeley,
Stratton, Stuan, John B. Thompson, Richard W
Thompson, TiUmghast.ToUnd, Tomlmson, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ed-
ward J. White, J. L. White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Christopher H Wilha'rs, Joseph L. Wil
hams, Winthtop, Yorkt, Augc-tus Young, and
Jchn Young—106
NAYS—Messrs. Alfoid, Arnngton, Aiherton,
Banks, Beeson, Builaek, B/yd, Aaion V Biown,
Milton Brown, Charle' Brown, Butke, Sampson
H Butlfr, William Butler, William 0. Butler,
Green W. Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, John Camp-
bell, William B. Campbell, Caruihus, Chapman,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Dan>el, G Davis, R JD
Davis, Wm C Dawson, John B Daw-  n, Dean,
Deberry, Dimock, Doig, Eastman, J C Edwaid..
Egbert, Forranee, Gamble, Geny, Gi'mer, Gogpm,
W. O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, On ,tine, Haber-
sham, Harris, J. Hastings, H ys, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hubbard, Huntei, Ingersi II, Jack, Win. C.
Johnson, Cave Johnson, J. W. Jones, I D Jone-.,
Keim, A Kennedy, King, Ln 1 iie'd, Lowell, A
McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, Mallorj,
Marchand, A. Marshall, J T. Ma-on, Matthews,
Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Newhard, Nisbet, Oli-
ver, Partridge, Pa>ne, Picana, Piuner, Pit ffi>,
Rayner, Redmg, Rencher, Rhett, Rig^s, Rogéis,
Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw, Skepperd, Snyder,
Sollers, Steenrod, Summers, Sumter, Tahatuio,
Triplett, Turney, Van Buten, Waid, Wairen,
Washington, Watterson, Weller, We tbro„k, Jas
W. Williams, Lewis Wil'iams, and Wise—110.
So the original resolution was rejected.
[And the House stands where it did on Monday
noon of May 31st.]
On motion of Mr. WISE, at eight * 'clock, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 16, 1841
The CHAIR presented the memorial of the
Mayor, Aldermen, and citizens if Philadelphia,
praying that appropriations may be made for the
defence of the Delaware; which, on motion by
Mr. BUCHANAN, was referred to the Commit'ee
on Military Affairs.
The CHAIR also presented the memorial of
Walter R Johnson, praying remuneration for
looses sustained By the discontinuance of his ser-
vices in the South Sea Expedition; which was laid
on the tab'e
Mr PORTER presented the petition of citizens
lí Casi county, Michigan, m favor of allowing
on^ ■< ear's salary to the family of the late President
of the United States; which was laid on the table
Mr B j CHAÑAN presented the petition of
Mary Batting' d others, widows of decased Revo-
lutionary soldier , fraying the restoration of their
namps to the pension ist; which was referred to
the Committee on Pen o s
Mr. B. also presented resc'utions adopted at a
meeting of persons interested *n Frtnch spolia-
tions prior to 1800, which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relattons.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of citizens of Roch ster, New York, in favor of the
passage of a bankrupt lar; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLA.Y of Kentucky presented the petition
of a number of hatters of Connecticut and New
York, praying the imposition of a duty on hats.
Mr BENTON then called u,> the resolution
which he had submitted some ten days back, and
which was laid on the t ible yesterday, with an un-
derstanding that it would be taken up to-lay.
Mr. CLAY of Kentu-ky s  d the lesolution had
been laid on the table oy a vo'e of the Senate, as
the proper way of deposing of it He therefore
opposed i * bei ig taken up
Mr CALHOUN characterized this oour-,e of
proceedir-s j most tttraordmary Almo t the
whole legisla >on if Cirp-ress is to be bised
on the report ol tne Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and in looking over that report there
were many statement which he considered'errone-
ous and which demanded explanation Was it
uiirea ona' >e in thtm to a*k for information on
subjects which were brought before the^n for legis-
lation, and were motions of this Ui >d to be refused
even i consideration?
Mr. CL\Y of Kentucky. It is not worth while
to get i! to a p.s ion.
Mr CALHOUN No passion, sir I have a
nglit io a k ard itteive the information called for
in this re<s lution.
Mr. CL\Y of Kentucky. Yes, you have a
rght, and what Joes it come to? What does it
come to* Trie majority aiso have rights, ard he
supposed l'i Here a- íhjc1! ent Ikd to considera-
tion a those of the minorny But it was not i-o
much the lesolution of the Seiatu' ii in Missouri
as ihe amendment of the Sona'or from New
Hampshire, which entct d into a wide scope of in-
quiry, which, in hi  opinion, could lead to no prac-
tical results. He asl,ed that the resolution and
amendment migtit be lead; which was done.
The   re oliu on of Mr. Benton was as follows:
Menclved, That lue Picsidentof ihe United States
be requested to la/ b-ioie tho Senate a schedule of
the pawned mide fro a the Treasury during ,he
mi n'hs oí Maici, April, and Ma;, of the present
year.
To w'.ich Mi Woodbury propos ?d as an amend-
ment, a <" t"e wtrl "year," add
"Uaoxr each heal oí appropr.aüon,b"ginr>iüg on
the 4 h of the fust i amed month, and a schedule
of the aainui   under cac'i head of appropriation,
which he has estimated in his repel to Congress
will be required fot expenditure from the fitst of
Jure to the list of Aupust, and a1*, j of the amounts
in a simihr manner requited from the first of Sep-
tember to fhe close of the year; making, with those
before named, his ágeretate of $24,200 000 wanted
between the 4ih oí March and ihe 31st of December
"Alio, what is the amount of debt under past ap-
propriations which he recommended to be funded,
and what under future appropriations to be made
■Bt this session, including in the latter any stock for
capital to be invested m a National Bank."
Mr. CALHOUN saw, that in his opinion, the
information called for was highly necessary to cor-
rect action on the question brought before them.
The Secretary of the Treasury ought to furnish the
details on which he draws results manifestly erro-
neous. In making out his report he should have
shown what was the state of the Treasury which
authorized the call of this session. He does not
give the information necessary to justify the call
on the grounds of deficit m the Treasury as put
forward in the summons for that call. The object
of this resolution was to obtain that information.
Andaré those who have no other means of ob-
taining that information to be excluded from calling
up a resolution ot inquiry demanded by th3 people'
Let not the gentleman report to this gagging mode
of stifling information which the whole country ex-
pects. If this sys*em be carried out it will justly
be attributed to an admission that no explanation
can be given.
Mr. W0OD3UJRY remarked that the object of
calling up this resolution was, as he undt. stood it,
to gtve him an oppoituiity of making th few ou-
servations he had to make on the reo >t of fue
Secretary of the Treasury. It was i ot mtenaed
to propose the passage of the resolution He ho -d,
therefore, there would be no objection to the mo-
tion merely to take it up.
Mr. BENTON said the motion was simply to
take up the resolution. When taken up, the ques-
tion would be fisst on its amendment, and tnen on
its adoption. It amounted to this—that the oppo-
sition now male was aga nst taking up the resolu-
tion fo" consideration. The question was not now
on its aloption—that could be prevented by the
usuil  course
Mr CLAY of Kentucky contended that no Se-
nator at his side of ttie house had any disposition
not to afford the gentlemen on the opposite, every
opportunity for inquiring which might be requisite
for purposes of information What they were op-
posed to was motions and lesolutions delaying the
business, and not intended to lead to any action or
result this session He would ■ vc to lay the re-
solution on the t?b!e urn f   morrrow.
Mr. CALHOUN uop d the Senator from New
Hampshire vvou,d withdraw his amendment, that
he might have an opportunity of proceeding with
his remarks. If, in any discussion which might
ai tse out of those remarks, it should appear neces-
sary to print the resolution, that proposition may
afterwards be made
Mr. WOODBURY observed that he thought it
was the understanding yesterday, that the resolu-
tion offered several doys ago by the Senator from
Kentucky, would be taken up to day, for the pur-
pose of enabling him (Mr W.) to offer the
rematks he had to m?ke on the report of the Se-
cretary oí the Treasury. Hi- object was to dis-
cuss the prooriety of printing tnat report—at least
so large a number as proposed by tht Senator from
Kentucky—fi 'ed as it was w ith gross errors and mis-
statements calculated to deceive and mislead the
pnbl'c. it permuted to maue his remarks on those
errors and m a £>ements, he would be able to show
that on those very errors and misstatements the
Mil of this extra session has been bised, and that
there was no pretence but that o error, misstate-
ment, and delusion, to make the call.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky sa.d he understood the
arrangement ot yesterday was, that his lesolution
might, in the ordeis of the day, come up in its
pljce to-day, or some other day, when no unfinished
business or important measure was before the Se-
nate. But he had ro objection to hear the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire now.
The resolution to pr at extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of tie Treasury, bem¿ taken up,
Mr WOODBURY proceeded with his comments
on the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
ihe-eoime of wh'ch he pointed out extraordinary
diserepanc es and misstatements
Mr. EVANS then obtained the floor, but the
Senate, on motion, proceeded to the con'iteration
of Executive business,
And then adjourned.
