69
filled, he should then vote m favor of the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi.
Baows;] and if that should be rejected, and no
other should be offered more consonant to his feel-
ings than tha( now proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Stuart,] then he should feel bound
to vote for this last proposition. Mr. H. said
that the members of that House had no right to
daily or play with the patience of the people The
entire nation was looking up to Congress for relief
from their distresses, and if he could give them
that relief without compiomittipg his principles as
a Southern man, he felt himself m conscience
bound to do it. The resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr Stüart,] did not ccmpr> nut
them. Although the resolution was confessedly a
compromise of the matter in dispute, it was tempo-
rary only, being expressly confined to the ha its of
the present session If, then, the resolution pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr
Brown,] should not prevail, Mr. H. would vote for
that of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Stuart ]
Not, however, on ihe principle of compromise, tor
Mr. H. had no compromise to make, but in view
of the necessities oí the country,
Mr. GENTRY observed that he was differently
situated in reference to this matter from ¡>1I the
gentlemen around him, and he therefore hoped he
might throw h'rmelf on the generosity of the
House, and hoped lor its indulgence should he
even fail in strictly confining himself to the rules
of order. He did not intend to discuss the gene,
ral questions which had been raised, but would
now avow his determination to vote in favor of the
resolution prewnt.d by the gentleman from Virgi-
nia, [Mr. Stuart.] The denunciations ot his
Southern fuends would not induce him to vary
from that determination. He should go for the re-
solution because it put him in the condition in
which he desired to be. He hoped his honoiable
friend from Maryland [Mr Wm, C Johnson]
would wear his lauiels long. Mr. G. certainly
would be ihe very last man to pluck one leaf from
bis brow, but he did not think th?t the resolution
offered by that geatleman, at the last session,
would have exactly the effect which some gentle-
tlemen in the liouke seemed to suppose.
The CHAIR here called Mr Gentry to order,
reminding him that the qusstion betore the House
was on a motion for the previous question.
Mr. GENTRY resumed. The previous ques-
tion had reference to the resolution moved bv the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Stbaet,] the et-
fect ot which would be to adjourn the question ot
the reception of Abolition petitions to the regular
session oí Congress in the tall. For tins proposi-
tion gentlemen on all sides might vote, in order
that the House mieht be organised, and m °ht
forthwith proceed to dischirge those hi^h and so-
lemn duties to whw h it had been called by the man-
date of the public voice. In voting for jreso'u-
Uott like this, Mr. G did not feel that he was re-
creant to the rights of the South, and he would tell
the gentleman hom Georgia [Mr. Aword] that ar-
guments of denunciation were not tie best calcu-
lated to unite the Southern plalanx as one man.
United, indeed, they were, as the heart of one man, in
the maintenance of their righh, bat they might not
all agree as to the best mode of maintaining them
Waiving these que-tions, and looking at conside
ration* oí expediercy, Mr G felt that there were
other reasons in favor ot the resolution of com-
promise He had voted aeauist rescinding the
21st rule because he believed it would bring them
into this very condi ion It was most desirable
that the question should be adjourned to the next
session, then it miedit be taken up, and fu'ly d s-
cuv-ed in its who'e length and breadth, but, m the
mean while, there were hi^h and imperative duties
which demanded the ac t n oí Cengre's. Such a
coutse did not compromit tne lights oí the South
Mr. G s'ord as strongly and decidedly for those
rights as any man could do. His whole destiny
was with the South, now and foreve', and when
he acted on tbat ques ion, he should act on it as to
be settled, now and forever.
He believed, however, that the South had lost
much from having taken wrong ground, it must
be manifest to every body that it would be impos-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sible much longer to keep those Abolition petitions
out of the House. The accession of strength no
the side of the North, under the new census, would
render the hope of this futile, and he held it better
that they should do voluntarily and in time what
they would eventually have to do, whether willing
or not. But what then? Was the Southern cause
to be considered as lost if a nasty, filthy, con-
temptible Abolition petition should find its way in-
to the House? If so, then the destinies of the South
were not worth fighting for. It had most truly
been said that the battle for Southern rights must
be fought m the North. He wi.hed to tear down
the veil behind which ambitious polititicians could
now play the patriot. Then it would be clearly
seen whether gentlemen would league themselves
with Abolitionists, or would stand up with the
South for the doctrines of the ConMitu ion.
Mr STANLY here called Mr Gfntry to order.
And the SPEAKER decided that he was out of '
order.
Mr. GENTRY. I knew it, but I had thrown
myself on the generosity of the House.
Mr ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman will be
permitttd to proceed.
Mr. GEN fRY. No, sir, the gentleman will not
proceed. I never have discus-ed a question of or-
der, and I never will. As soon as gentlemen begin
to call me to order, I conclude they do not wish to
hear me, and when that is the case, I will never
continue to speak.   I have done.
Mr GAMBLE said he had intended to give a
silent vote on this question, as well as on every
other which might be presented at the present ses-
sion, but he could never consent to alio v himself to
be dragooned into a vote by being charged wiih br-
ing recreant to his duty as a Southern man, if he
did not take a particular course, which course
might be ■'epugnant to his sense of right and of
duty. He, however, di«i not intend to give a silent
vote. He was a Southern man, and his purpose
was to votf for the previous quest yi, because he
conci-ived it to be his duty to do so. But, as he
had just <lid, he was not to be dragooned into a
vote contrary to his judgment, lest he should be
charged with being recreant to his duty as a South-
ern man. He was not to be alarmed by all the
threats of danger to the South on account of the
movements of the Abolitionists He thought there
was no danger whatever to be apprehended from
that class of men. And he believed that the South
would surrender no right in giving the vo'e, which
he hoped they wou'd, give, in importing the call
for the previous question Indeed, he thousrht it
was right and proper that that question should be
called, because, unless it was, it was imprssible to
say when the House would be organized. If
it was left to his own choice only, he thought he
shouid prefer the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr Brown] to that already
before the House. But from what had taken p]a~p
here, they had no right to suppose that thsy could
reach that proposition, or, even if they did, that
they could sustain it. They had been frittering
away the time of the House for between two aid
three weeks, and wnat progress, he won'd ask, had
they made m despatching the business of th  coun-
try, for which purpose they had been spicially con-
vened? None whatever, and if they went on di=-
| cursing tins question, the debate would be intermi-
nable He had had a seat on that floor six or
e g*it years ago, and fheie >vas then no such rule as
the twenty-fiut, and no difficulty or tiouble was felt
at that time on this suüject of Abolition petitions.
Icdidsee.n to him now that gentlemen had conjured
up in their own heated imaginations difficulties
which, in fact, had no re? I foundaüor. He con-
s dercu tie people of the SuUth m no danger what-
ever from the petitions of the Abolitionist, Then
why, he would ask, «hoald pen'lenun be consum-
ing the time of the H iuse m d scus'iig this ques-
tion, and talking of imaginary dangers—for they
were nothing more—with which the Sou hern States
were threatened? In fact there was no reality in all
this, and this debate had been so protracted as to
be past all endurance, and he therefore wished it
pul an end to He would lend his aid in stopping
this debate, and would vote for the adoption of the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Stoart,] which, as he humbly conceived, yielded
no right, and postponed this question until the re-
gular meeting of Congress m December next. Gen-
tlemen came not here to battle  for Abolitionism,
but, he trusted, for a nobler purpose.   Why, then,
he inquired, should they fritter away their strength,
and waste their time, on that which was useless,
and which must be profitless m the end? He saw no
good to result from this state of things.   What
good had already been obtained from pursuing
this course''   None whatever, except perhaps by
the printers, who might   have   been benefited in
publishing what had transpired here.   It seemed,
then, with all due   deference   to   those who had
occupied this floor,   and   arrayed   themselves on
the same side that he had  done, that they had
raised a new issue before the nation, and that was
whether  Abolition  petitions shall be presented in
reference to th" District of Columbia rather than
in regard to the abolition of slavery in the States.
He repeated what he had  already ^aid, that there
was no  danger   to be apprehended, and, even  if
there was, the South could well defend her rights.
They were prepared tor the Abohtionivts whenever
they chose to  come.   It seemed to  him that they
had been discussing every thing except that which
the nation were anxiously expecting them to act
upon and dispose of.    It was high time they set
to work m good earnest, and  with all possible
speed, to transact toe public business for which
they had been specially convened.   As yet, how-
ever, they had actually done nothing, and had not
marched even one inch towards the great objects
which had called Congress together.    When they
first arrived in this city, he had heard pledges and
prt mises ftvm every quarter  that thfa should be
action, and not speaking.   But what had been the
course of things here?   Why, the very reverse of
all this.    The eyes of the whole country  were
turned anxiously   and  expectmgly towards this
Congress, to ascertain what it was going to do for
the relief of  the   country.   And, unfortunately,
here they had been wasting their time in fighting
the battles of Abolitionism, instead of acting upon
tae  many important pud  vital questions which
come before them.   Wha t would the country think
oí this?    Would they be tolerated in this extraor-
dinary and unexampled course of proceeding? He
was impressed with the conv etion that there ought
to be some concession and compromise entered
into upon this question, and the sooner it was done
the better for the country.    It was high time time
they should each make a partial surrender of their
peculiar  opinions on  the altar of patriotism and
the public good, and proceed forthwith to dispose
of the business for winch they had been convened
under tne proclamation of the la>e President     He ,
was decidedly  of the opinion  that  the previous
question ought to be called, and also that the pro-
position of th  gentleman from Virginia should be
adopted     He  could not give  a silent vote in the
face of the denunc ation that Soutnern men were
abandoning their principles.
Mr. C H.WILL1AM3 said that he was aSouth-
ernman, ano that he ddnot b*heve slavery was a
religious, t>oral or political evn. We had now been
here two weeks and thiee days, discussing—what?
Why, thequistion of Abolition—a subject entirely
foreign to the purposes for which Congress bad
been specially convened. After referring to what
had been done sine* the meeting of Congress, and
regretting the waste of time that had resulted
therefrom, he expressed his sincere hope that a
postponement of this quest.on would take place
until the next meeting of Congress, in December
next, and that the House will immediately proceed
to the despatch of tnose vital and important
questions which Congress had met especially to
consider.
Mr. HOLMES enieied in'o a brief but particu-
lar examination of me ques ion then before the
Hou e, and s'atcd the consequences resulting from
the manner m which u might be decided.
Mr. GILMER said that, notwithstanding the
debate nad taken a wde range, he couldnot but
feel a very strong dewre to say|something, not,
however, on the mam question, but something
which, in his humble opinion, might, perhaps, lead
toa final disposition of this question.   And if, in
