CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
n
two and a half millions of new appropriations re-
commended, from the six mill ons of deficit, relied
upon, and there will be a balance of $3,479,000.
This is what the Secittary himself wou d be com-
pelled to reduce his deficit to, at (he close of tbe
year 1841. In his, statement of expenditure he
has embraced the entire amount of Treasury notes
not falling due within the year. In the apprehen-
sion that these notes may come in, he provides
against their being a charge on th  public Trea-
sury. He even allows for interest on these
Treasury notes at maturity, $1,410,000. But
what prospect was there that these notes, or
any part of them, would become chargeable on the
Treasury before the 1st of January? He (Mr.
Wright) understood there was an almost constant
demand for Treasury notes—that they were at a
premium of from one to two per cent over specie;
and what then could be the probability thaf ihey
would be paid in inprefeienee to «pece? If ¡he b'll
repealing ihe independent Tr^asu-y i carved into
tffect, v hat choice is there that Tr^asur' notes,
not due, }et lcavjiig a premium ov.=r specie till
be paid i.to the Trtasuiy m ^nterence tj the
notes of *1ip new Fiscal TSmV It had lo-ne to his
(Mr. Wricht's) ki uwlcike thit a d.st n^ui hed
gentleman in that chamber bai been uu-ly ask d
by a friend to invest |20,000 in Treasury no.ei-,
and could not obfan th"m, «o great was the
demand. It was rramfesi these Treasury notes
would not be surrendered, and therefore the Secre-
tary has, at lea t in ihatpar\i<-ular over estimated
his expenditures, $1,400,000 Tais deducted,
leaves his ueficit $2 479,C0O, as ¡be balance to be
struck ben tci tne la'« au tl.j p.t'-etit Afm ¿ps-
tration Ant,)* he does not count lie $215 000 I
in the mi t a debí, by cedue* ng it, the ri^ii'* 1is
reduced to §2,264 000. Here \\r i is <h  pre- de-
ficit at the en ' oi uie t c ir w. ,c> o& ? i ¡uní tins
call of Corig'e-í—this ex'iao.d n ry convocation
of Congress at si ch a reason at this.
[Mr. CALHOUN made seme some explanaron
not heard by the Reporter ]
The qaes ton fa !í presentad to the Sece'ary o'
the Treasury and the President of the United
States was^'Soall Corgress be ex'raordinar.ly con-
vened, and vL?t too in great haste—causing spp-
cial elections several of the States, at the most
inconvenient seasci of the jear—to enab'e the
Government to expend tu o and a half m.llions of
old appropriations beyond the resources oí tne
Treasury, wmle its re ources pre seven millions
more than the ordinary requirements of the ye*ii
It would be recollected tpat he ("VIr ""Viii"ght)
had shswri lha the old a p opnations rerealmost
sixteen millions. O .tita' íheScrettr/ proposes
to spend siX'y n>i ¡on' in addition to t'.e current
appropriations of 1841 Is thit the way to snow
the country mat 'his cxlr? se3s oa 0f Congress was,
indeed, ca led on dec^u it of tne financial defici-
encies of the Ti<.is "j?
[Mr Wright nei* allud<- ! to the trans'ei of one
appr^naton tu s-uppiy a 'icificks m ¿no her,
but contended i> coiad n \ b ■ do ,e in c ■ e oí 1 ke
chTactc; an' again rt rre ' fo ihe fc-'cre <ti of
the Treasury'- n< ;• ' ulai.u.i5- ru^i at rj .n <• ~n-
founjmg the exp na i.e> of tin r>r"'h rnd of .r.3
year 'ogctner. V o, to the i n c i ib oi six-
teen mi'lu-ns. Ke cl ">i<-u a"« th ' ccb  w s to
be got up: first, b/bnngu g forA? d ,x m limns of
Tr-asury i. itet> .iot dut, n xt by ¡x dm  ^337,-
000 on this extra «c siol, $2 521,330 aad.i.onfl
for tne Wcir P paitmen'; nex. by gi"ing tie ne.'
fiscal "*ct' f ui anllious and th a by me r^al dt-
ficit bj n . i' e i reduxd in vhe end two and a
quarter  m i -. At'tr arunute revev <f 'he
false estimve oí Rceipis in the report, Mr.
Wright, m ¡"icrerce ¡o tne debt of six-
teen million'1:, asked how was the ccimtry to
be relieved ft n debt by' a new appr pm u n
of tweniy milu ns lor the new tVcol Bank;
and said that all these rae^surss for which this
extra ses na ha i been callea, wire to dr—what1
To enable Congress to give ajray 'he rev. ue from
public land , to increase taxation to the amou it of
from eight loten millions tor the purpose ef g.ving
away three, and pulling ,he balance into the hands
of the fiscal agent. Mr. Wr ght then went mi-
nutely wo an examination ol the estimated re-
ceipts, then of the estimated expenditures for ths
army and navy; and again, on an explanation
made by Mr Woodbury of the operation" of Trea-
sury notes, reverted to that subject again, and went
over the whole ground, showing as he progressed
that the whole resort was got up to sustain the os
tensible ground taken m the summons convening
the extra session of Congress, and that thai ground
could not be justified by facts ]
Mr. WOODBURY rose to reply to some of the
remarks of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Evans]
m his speech of yesterday. That Senator had cen-
sured him for finding fault with the manner in
which the S-creiary had presented his estimates of
them'ans and liabilities of his Department, but
he thought that an examination of the report would
convince every one of tbe justice of the criticism.
If the Secretary had presetted hi=i estimate of ex-
pem ituT* for ih- • ear, sepsrate and exclusive of
the debt which he a oerted to cx'St, th"re would not
have been so muc'i trouble in asccria mng their
amour.', their ursrency, and the recssfy there wis
for the call of pl extra be*s>'< n of Congress Whit
we wan ed to Inw ^as, whether, if the exp n't-
ijrcs were confined to ex.stipg appr pna'ioos,
there vould be ? deficit m the Treasury, and whe-
ther we wire called together at this inconvenient
season of the yeai, and at so much expens* to the
Sta es, and the Union, to supply a defia'ency occa-
sioned by the old Administiation, or to be occa-
sioned by adot/^.g the recommeiuations of the
new one. Th' Secretary does not sa\, as any bu-
siness man would s^y .n a similar situation in p i-
v^te life, "I owe so m^ch; an'1 I ant 'o spend n
addi on  i ivurti " if h- .at1 dene -o, i" l-i1 1
\¡av found thith íi>, j.^ptrs f ejpe-di ures x re
too h gh, by fiy  m 'ho. s of doi'ars. H~ pr p ises
*o cxp nd 'uenty-ihre1 n, icn-, wlv-r^ji th ip-
'jropriation^ by Cop2rcss *oi ne se ice ot tne
y ear were but e ^hteen mi Inns. Now he (Mr.
W.) would f.s-ert, vi hout '*ít of contradiction,
that a reference to the records of the Department
Hould not shov a s Tjle msUnce, fo* ihe last
twenty-Six jears, hers tne exp-nditrres of the
j ear exceeded by one million of do Sars ihe amount
of new appropriations by Congress for th?t year.
And yet the Secretary proposes to expend, during
the ten months of the prestnt vear. six mill ons of
dollars more th"it the appropm ion  oifr b"
Congress tor the w> ole xear Mr. v,". then qiiotcd
from an ofli-ial d cument the appropriations and
expenditures for a minib-r of years back,wh ch show -
ed tbat m ev. ry yar except 1839 (which was about
one in l.on the o.her waj) 'he expenditares were
coi id iADly le5 lijrtti ihe new appropriations, and
s-iu that it v,t the mva.iabic prcc ic~ of ihe D-
pa tment to tak~ th- amount of the new appro-
prntioiis as their estimate of t!u a nount ot expen-
diture" for me em He \entu ed >o assert that
from Hamilton to Galiatin, and from Gallatin to
Duane, this would le found to have been the
practice, aud yet the pie^ent Secretary has at one
Lovrad c-'ima'ed his ejr.pendi'urt:-. fot leu . on'hs
p* live pvili as mme than the aiprop la ons fot
ln-wh le>rai This •> ok mt of expen .ture can
. o \c e" c*td         iv i"    i '?te ' a , it en oi 'v
t^e d neb ra pdm g tip o-ia (is 'it oipi.d-
'ure«, \ i^oat .'n e^a'd to pub1 i, ec"mmy, by
putting ¡a- ,c f motait  in o the h.-u s o' t'isb ,'sing
rfiicers, Ho \ 11 d p is.'e i' ir. br' i v- huh v ant
be us' ( f 'he pa'dic fund za he e t1° money
wi 1 b-> banked c, an! fjrp. i ?ccon...cdaiions to
«peculatois, and ii'iticiaiiMV andcu of Congress
Now this mide of i. :> ng expei" ures tor the
neie purpo t i f ceat.i g a deficit in the T-easu')'
at the end of the \-« , w««, in his op'mon,nei her
wise or cxred en Ther* ■" as also a may of Jimi
n> hi"g the r.c.pts o' t." Tre-isury. These mwht
be ailected to a ions dtrao.e ex e.i> by the ad ' ce
given by the Sect, taiy to the Piesident in rt'awn
to the pnb'r lands. Ke (Mr W ) would a-k bow
mat y public U d sales . ad been .'dt > i- d by the
new Aüministriuon duntig tne 'bat m iuns that it
have been in power Has 'he i ut>> i tci ' h-ive there
been five1 have there been thrte' Whceas in the
same period, da ,ng the prendioc Almmistra ion,
you wi1! fiid twenty. But ti.e nursing of his íe-
bouices, ai'd ihe curtailmen. of his expenditares,
may have beenpreventedby other piess.ngsndmore
—————————————                                                                                                                                                               i
important avocations of the Secretary; he has
friends at his elbow to reward, and enemies to pd>
nish; and to do this efficiently, he has called in a
star chamber inquisition to his aid.
But the Senator from Maine said he (Mr. W.)
had been fighting phantoms, when he had exposed
the humbug of the forty million debt. Is it just
discovered that this forty million debt of Mr. Vaa
Buren's administration, which had beea the theme
of every Whig orator throughout the Union; which
had been rung from valley to hill top; discussed at
cross roads and the bars of village ale-houses—that
this is a phantom—an ignii fatuust It has even
been asserted by authority as high as the Executive
Chair of this nation, and has been circulated faf
and wide by wen of intelligence, whose character in
other respects wou'd íaduce a belief of their con-
viction of its truth, and instanced a case where the
Whig Editor of the Springfield Republican, a man
of high standing, and a Senator m the Legislature
of h s own Siate, had published the following:
"Kefp it keep the people—That it is now officlttlly an>
nounced, tliat the natttnal debt incurred by Mr. VanBuren,
during tie lour yeata uf til'saurnimstrauon, amountstoTaiar?
one millions thi ce hundred and ten thousand fourUen dol'
lai ? find twenty cents "
' B3*" We w lih to confine the thoughts of all our reader  to
one £i eat point this week—the i.ond!Uon of the United StAtM
Treisuiy—and the am )unt ol Mr Van Buren's national debt
—his leeacy to the people—more than thirty one mjlliOK ."
And now he Senator from Maine frankly ad-
mits that this enormous national debt was all a
phantom. If his (Mr. W's) rstnatk? had produced
no other re ult, tbat discovery was a sufficient re-
ward for all his labors.
Mr. WooDBiitY then alluded to the memoriat
from Dabio'e;a ioce üy presented by Mr. Clay
of Kentucky, wuo had warm'y eulogized the senti-
ments co>- a. cd m it, winch, after denouncing the
late Admini fa'ion for its extravagance in expend-
ing forty millions per annum, recommended a re-
duction of the current expenses of the Government
to thirteen or fifteen millions. And how has the
Secretary of the Treasury followed out its recom-
meudaluns"! Instead of the twenty-three millions
of the last year, and ths twenty millions for the
present, to which the la'e Administration had
taken measuies to reduce the expenditures, he
had pushed them up to twenty-str millions in
the ten mon'hs—.being at the rate of thirty mil-
lions per annum—and tf he succeeds in his recom-
mendations o' a fiscal agent and the distribution of
the public hnd , they will soon reach not only thir-
ty but foity mibions per annum. He called upon
the friends of the Administration to carry out the
principles, of reform and retrenchment, which they
professed *o loudly befóte their accession to power,
to show the r sincerity in doing it now, and not
to put it off until tc-meirow, or some future pe-
riod.
Mr Woodbury then commented on that portion
of the report w^ich lecommended as a permanent
balance in the Treasury the sum of four millions,
ml «aid t'ift with tbe pleito issue Treasury
no es, one million was aound mt. He defended his
cour e tfhi e Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
Treasury notes, and quoted °o.ne remarks from a
pam, hietof Mr. Gallatin, recently published, in
nhich hi course was spoken of with approba-
'OD, aid adduced the fact, hat, after using them
1 urjcais of the thirty millions issued, but four
m llmt s rema ned unredeemed, and every dollar
' ou d h-ve be.n paid but for the suspension of
the ban-is, and the judicial decisions which had
leduced the ¡e.e.ue from imports at laast four
mill cit=.
T le Se> nor from Mame had given as a reason
for the la ge amount oí expenditure recommended,
thai maní i f the appiopnations of Ian year were
r osiponed by the then Executive Congress au-
bonzed tne postponement ot two and a half mil-
lion', i nly one and a half were postponsd, and all
if this wou'r1, in any event, have been carried over
to the next year, except, perhaps, a quarter of a
million; ar 1 je' this is giren as a reason for an in-
crease of five millions .n the expenditures.
Tri" Sen i tor bad e.ideavored to reconcile the dis-
crepancies between the Treasury report and the
President's mes age, but most uosucessfully. Mr.
W. th'n showed that many of the assumption  as
regards dates, wets unfounded, and that m nearly
