76                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
expenses of postage, &c. Upon that principle,
Mr. Van Buren had an equal claim for his ex-
penses, incurred during the election.
In concluding, Mr. G. repeated that the appro-
pnation of this twenty-five thousand dollars for a '
quarter's salary only, was a violation of the Con-
stitution. If this was to be a specimen of the "re-
trenchment and reform" which the majority had
promised to effect, why the sooner the people un-
derstood it the better. After all their professions,
was this to be the course? was thts bill to be the
first step towards exhausting the Treasury, that
there might be a pretext for a natiom 1 debt' It
appeared so, and that this was the first step towards
a funded debt and a National Bank.
Would Tyler be content with the salary of Vice
President? No they declared him to be President
by "the act of the people, and the voice of Goo."
President dejvre and de facto, and that he was en-
titled to the salary.
Mr. G observed that before he resumed his seat,
he would say, that he owed no thanks to the majo-
rity for the privilege of speaking, for they had done
all they could to put him down. If they were not
satisfied with what he had said, it was no matter,
for he held himself responsible only to God and his
constituents.
A more extended report of the remarks of Mr.
Q. will be prepared ag early as practicable.
Mr. MARSHALL of Kentucky now arose, and,
after a few preliminary remarks, said General
Harrison was called to the capital by the voice of
the whole people. He regretted his death on ac-
count of his country, but on his own account he
did not regret it Heaven interposed ere he could
have his ear pierced by the wantonness of faction,
and removed him to a happier land. He said he
would not stir the ashes of General Jackson even,
if he were dead, whom he had opposed during his
administration.
Mr. M. lauded General Harrison's Cabinet, and
said that he lived nearly long enough to carry
out the great measures tor which he had been elect-
ed; but in the service of his country, where he had
been called, like Cincinnati, he died full of years
and full of glory. He considered the paymeut of
the money an act of naked justice.
Heaven knows, said he, that we have germs of
dissension enough among ourselves to contend
against, without contending upon this question. He
said, in the grave General Harrison reposed. He
was safe there Thts was no question of party.
He said he should give his vote according to his
conscience, and he considered the House of Repre-
sentatives a court of conscience.
Mr CHARLES BROWN then took the floor,
and remonsliated in very «trong terms against the
course pursued by the majority He complained
that while twentj-five members of the majority
had spoken without interruption, not more than
one-sixth of that number had been suffered to speak
of the minority. He asked if it was fair and ge-
nerous thus to act. Had not gentlemen of the ma-
jority endeavored to put down even ihe few of the
minority who had spoken' The fact was, that the
majority had, it appeared, determined not only to
do all the talking, but all the voting, too, by the
previous question
Mr. B ihen proceeded to «ay that his judgment
in relation to the merits of the bill d d not agre"
with the sympathies ot his heart ¡f the widow of
General Harrison was poor, but of which he had
strong doubts, how many other ca^es were there of
widows equally deserving It this bill should pa^s,
a precedent would be established, and if it were
done fur one, in process of time it would have to be
done for all.
Mr B then referred to thi. enormous sum pa d
for the pension list of England, pnd contended
that the odious system had all grown np from a
few solitary cases like the present. Prectdents
having been once established, no uneroulisat to
what extent ihey would be carried One precedent
was strong, two precedents were stronger, and free
precedents were a "three-fold cord not quickly
broken "
Mr B then drew a glowing picture of the effects
such a system mast have upon our own country
At this stage of the proceedings great confusion
prevailed, and cries of "Question," " order," etc.
arose from various parts of the Hall.
Mr FILLMORE made an appeal on behalf of the
geutleman from Ohio, [Mr Dean,] and wished to
know whether it would be fair to take the question,
without giving that gentleman an opportunity to
reply.
Mr. DEAN then took the floor. He observed
that he had repeatedly attempted to get the floor
in the earlier part of the day, but without success.
Having been there until the present late hour, he
felt nearly exhausted, but would, notwithstanding,
avail himself of the privilege now granted.
Mr. Dean then proceeded to notice the violent
and furious attacks made upon him by certain
members on yesterday. He commenced with the
member from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] and ex-
pressed his great surprise and astonishment that
any thing which he (Mr D ) had said should have
been construed m such a way as to call forth a
speech like that which the member had made. I
did, observed Mr. D. when speaking of the late
President, say "Let the evil that he has done,
sleep with his bones, and the good live after him "
I was particularly guarded on thaf point, and ex-
pressly said that I would not speak of the merits of
General Harrison unless it should become neces-
sary. I refrained from saying any thing on that
score, and I was utterly astonished whsn the gen-
tlemen from Ohio and Indiana rose and pounced
upon me with the fury they did.
Mr D said he rose now to speak with regard to
the p-mciples which governed him m this case.
And there was one principle he would maintain,
which was, that in a discussion of this character,
all asperity of feeling ought to be suppressed. The
sable habiliments of mourning were before them,
and that ought to remind them of the impropriety
of stepping aside from the pale of the question
I might, said Mr D have expressed myself m
strong terms with regard to this bill; but I still con-
tend that this Congress has no power to bestow as
a boon, the public money on any man.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had argued
that Congress had the power to beuow the money
in such a case, but the majority of ihem who had
spoken, had placed it on the ground of "services
rendered." Now if that were the fact, if the mo-
ney was asked for services rendered, he was the
Ust man to deny to any claimant his remuneration
upon the principles of equity and justice.
But the bill itself proposed to donate the money
to the widow of General Harrison On this ground
lie could not vote for it, and he was glad to hear
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Undebwood,]
had in so able a manner expressed his objection to
it on the same ground.
Mr. D proceeded to say that he knew the feel-
ings of human nature, and that it was very, veiy
hard for the judgment to resist the generous im-
pulses of the heart He had, himselt, had a great
struggle in h s own breast, and it was with great
difficulty that he overcame his feelings of sympa-
thy for the bereaved family. But he owed a
higher duty, he had a higher obligation, and that
was to obey Ihe Constitution
Mr D. said gentlemen had referred to precedents
Well, he also woald refer to a few cases where
illustrious and deserving servants of the Republic
had refused to accept compensation m the shape
of money There was Washington, who fought
our Revolutionary battles, and who was not repaid
cne half the money lie advance 1, did he not refuse
all compensation for his serviced Did he not
spurn the offei of reward by a sum of money'
Mr D ihen referred to the case of ex-Pre<i
dent Jackson, who at New Or ^an^ was unjustly
fined a thousand d< liar by a certain judge, whom
he had exp°Jled from the camp. The indignant peo
tendered him the sum, but he refused compensa-
aon, and never afterwards asked i>, although it had
wrongfully been taken from his pocket
Mr D. after some funher remarks, urged that it
did not comport with the dignity of this country to
express its gratitude by sums of money
Were I, saol h , a friend of General Harrison,
I would rather have the sanction of this House,
sincerely expressed, than all the gold of the In-
dies.
Mr. D. then adverted to the grounds on which
some gentlemen had placed the appropriation in
this bill. For instance, there was the postage.
Now if General Harrison had not been elected,
would his friends have ever thought of coming
here for the money' Certainly not. Then upon
what principle could they ask it because he was
elected' But if, after his election, it could be shown
that extraordinary expenses were incurred in con-
sequence of his elechon, he, Mr. D. wa  willing to
allow the utmost  farthing.
Mr. Dean then observed, that before he re-
sumed his seat he had a word to say to the mem-
ber from Iadiana, (Mr Lane,] and the member
from Ohio, [Mr White,] who on yesterday had
pounced upon him with such savage fury. He
was perfectly astonished to see the excitement
which those members manifested even while he
Was speaking I did not, said he, call them to or-
der, because I never do call members to order, and
I feel that I am now descending very much in no-
ticing the gross and abusive epithets applied to me
by them. I feel that I ought rather to treat them
with perfect contempt.
The member from Indiana talked about my gray
hairs, and the sudden fury with which he broke out,
reminded me ef the bursting of a cider barrel.
(Great laughter) But to be serious, he talked
about my gray hairs' Was not that a fine exhibi-
tion of feeling from so young a man' I admit that
I am old, that my hairs are gray, and that my
head is beanng blossoms for the grave, but is that
a reason why a young man should attack me with
such savage violence because I expressed my con-
scientious scruples against this bill'
I am an rid man, and my hairs are gray, but in
the course of my h'e, I think I have been where
that young man would shrink from being. So far
from detracting from the laurels of an old sol-
dier, I can never do it. I have seen service my-
self, and I know Ihe duties of a soldier, and can
feel for one who has served his country as such.
I have seen the hardships of those men who have
fought for their country. I know both ihe feelings
and the heart of a soldier, and such a man who has
served his country faithfully can never receive
censure at my hands I would rather have my
head cut off, than I would detract a single iota from
the honor of a soldier of this nation
The member from Indiana has talked about my
"achieviBg a notorious immortality by opposition
to this bill." I will tell him in reply, that if he
seeks to achieve immortality by his personal at-
tacks upon me, he is welcome, but I envy not the
immortality of the man who disregards the rule
ot moral propriety.
Mr. D. after some further very severe remarks
on the savage attack upon him on yesterday, con-
cluded by reiterating all the objections in his for-
mer speech against the bill.
Mr Young having withdrawn his proposition
to insert $50,000,) the question was taken on the
next highest amount, and ihe blaak was ordered to
be filled with §25 000.
And the committee rose and reported the bill to
the Heu'e.
And ihe question being on concurring with the
committee in the amount of the appropriation,
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previous question,
which was seconded.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Caí olma hoped the
gentleman wou'd withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question, that he Mr. C might offer an amend-
ment He wished to insert "legal representatives"
instead of "widow," in order that it might appeal
that the money was for expenses incurred by Gen.
Harrison, and not as a donation. In that shape
only he could vote tor the bill
Mr FILLMORE «aid he could not withdraw the
motion for the previous question, as it bad been
seconded.
A motion to adjourn was made and rejected.
And the mam question was ordered to be taken.
Mr WELLER moved an adjournment, which
wals lost
And the question recurring on the mam question
0 e. on concurring with the committee in the ap-
propriation of |35,000,)
