CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
tures, 'be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
army, to the Florida war, and to the military de-
fences and affairs, be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to In-
dian affairs be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Resohed, That so much thereof as relates to na-
val affairs, and to the navy pension fund, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
militia be referí ed to the Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
Post Office Department be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much thereo^s relates to the
District of Columbia be referred to the Committee
for the DNrict of Columbia
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
public lanjs be referred to .ae Commit ee on the
Public Laads.
Resolved, That so much ther of as rela'es to the
currency of the country and ,. jwjI agent for the
Govern rei'% re referred to the Select Committee
on the Currency.
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question,
which was f ecouded.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Mr. ADAMS wished Mr. Barnard to rrod'fy
the resolution by  inserting "thrt so much of the
said message as related to the Atacan slave trade
be referred to a select committee of nine mem-
bers."
Mr. BARNARD declined to do fo.
After  scie conversation,   the main   question
(being on   the adoption of the resolutions)  was
taken, aid decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. BARNARD a5ked leave to say a word in
explanation of a proposition which he desired to
offer.
It would be recollected, he said, that one of the
principal subjects of consideration foi which Con-
gress had b°en convened at the present session was
that of a fiscal agent for the Government, and the
subject of the currency. This was a matter which
had been specially presented to Congress in the
message of the President of the; Ujii^d States ?nd
also by the financial offi -er of the Govt rnmeat, the
Secretary oí the Treasury. A p'm (or scch ?n
agent had been presented, on a call i^ade upon the
Secretary of the Treasury trcm t.->e other branch cf
th*5 National Legislature. He (Mr B.) took it
for granted that the select comtnit'ee raised in this
House especially for this purpose, and wh ch maik-
ed the sense of this House in relation to the impor-
tance of the whole sub]'°c', would be glad to receive
suggestions, come fr.im wna* quarter they might,on
this great question. During'be rece«, between tne
time of the close of the last £e« ion an'" the com-
mencement of this, he had amuse' a portion of his
leisure hours with romo stuly upon it. He bad
embodied, in the shape of a plan for a fiscal agent
or a National Bank, the result oí his reflection5 and
dehberanon?. He was pot we 'dea to tvs plan.
He desia t to present it to the Ho"sv, ?¡/, to the
committee having fie sutj-c m ch?rge,  .- pioba-
bly furnishing a portion ot the ir ate-nal out of
which a stricture ,vas to be ra'sed wa'ch, he irped,
misht re^lt in benefit and bl°s<nig to the \.hole
country. It was with this, and no o'lier view, that
he desired to present it. He asked ¡cave to co so
with some diffidence; but, under >h  " -eumstancw,
coming from the State of New «> rk, where the
great commercnl centre if the coumry is, he wa?
d"sirous to offer 'he p,an which he had drawn up
to the House, and that that House would receive b,
order it to be printed and refer it to theSe'ect Com-
mittee on the Currency.
Here Mr. MALLORY and another memKi ob-
jected.
Mr. BARNARD said he offered it in the form
of a resolution, resolutions being now in older.
The SPEAKER was understood to say thht the
gentleman was not entitled so to do.
Mr. PICKENS hoped the objection would be
withdrawn.
Mr. BARNARD said he would merely ask, then,
that the plan might be laid on the table and printed.
Thsre was nothing unusual in this.                 ,
Mr. PICKENS  was understood to inquire if it
was a counter-project !o that of the Secretary of the
Treasury?   If so, he (Mr. P.) hoped it would re-
ceive the grave consideraron of the House.
The reading was called for.
Mr. SNYDER oí Pennsylvania objected.
Mr. HOLMRS wished it read, that we might
have ail th  b?ht we could obtain.
Mr. STEENROD inquired rf the Speaker if it
would not be in older to have the plan read.
The SPEAKER said it would not. Objection
had been made.
Tr.e objection was withdrawn;  but having been
renewed by
Mr POPE, tl.e matter ended,
i      [Tne "plan" annexed to thi<¡ resol v  wou'd oc-
cupy more space than we can give to it at piesert.
Its principal feature are, however,   as  follows:
Amount of capital $25,000,000; the united States
to own one-fifth thereof, to be paid for in five per
ce.5t. stock; one other fifth thereof to be s id in
■   open market, not bJow par, for specie only; the
Bark and Central Branch to be located in the city
of New York; ihe B-.uk to be governed by a Board
(  of Control, consisting of seven members, of whom
I five to be eleotpd by t-.e strckholdeis oiher than
the United Sta es, and two by the Secretary of the
Treasury; the comptrollers to receive salaries-, to
be paid by the Bant, and not to be Borrowers from
the Bank, either as principal or surety; the Bank,
at its branches, to be a bank of discount, deposite,
and circulation; the remaining $15,000,000 of the
!  capital to be held by the Bank, to oe sold m mar-
,  ket not bel"W psr at  the brar-cb.es for specie only;
j  the circulating note,, of the  Bank are V b<> made
i  payable at the CenTi'! Branch; loans lo be Lmit-d
|   to 90  days, and rot renewable; no loans to be
,   n.ade    to    tie   United    States    in   amount ex-
!  ceeding   $2,000,000;   dividends   to   be    limited
I  to seven per cent,  per  annum;   the Bank to be
¡  obliged to '-receive at  par, in payments, the circu-
'  latmg notes of all souud specie-paying bank's and
I    send such notes home  to the banks respectively;
the public money    to be deposited wherever  the
Bmk has branches, and the notes of the Bank to
i  be received, Until otbet wise ordered by  Congres,5,
,  m paymems to the Um ed S'ates;   suspension of
!¡  «-pecie paytn n's  to weik i   forfeiture of charter;
i    duiation of the charter to be th>.y years, &c ]
l>      Mr  WOOD of New  Yo-k offered  the follow-
I    ing resolution; which lies o\&r one day under the
,    rale:
Resolved, That the PT>siP nt of th  United States
j be iequested to corunnsnica'e to this House, for far
j -.s the public m'erest will pefmit, the eorrespon-
| dence, if any, betwee-i the Government of the
ii Unite.! States and that of Great Britain relating to
|! the Amer can citizens now British prisoners of
i   S'teatVai Dieman'.s Land.
Mr. R. D. DAVES offered the lolloping res-oht-
II   ¡ion; which was oi^ered to Le cer oie day under
t'.e tule:
¡j       Revived, Ti.at t'-e President cf the United Sia'es
11  be requested io comtr-un cate t" t'.is House (if ,n
I    his opinion the same can be done consisten ly with
tne publ c interests) such authentic information as
I  may be in his pos-e^ 01 m relation to the seizute
of Amer,'?an vessels by  Brit sh  art^ed cru ser%
uider ii,e pietence that: such vessels wre engpsed
or intended to engage m the flave trade, toeether
with any steps ".'huh ma/ have been tak°n by our
Government o1 its Ministers upon that subject.
M . HUNT cf New York effeted the following
| resolution:
|       Resolved, That ¡he Select Committee on the du-
ll  rency be aVeced  to inquire  m   the expeniency
¡  of establishing a Nati  J B<tnk c*i the it Lowing
p'an.
Object.ons were made, and the reading of the
plan a"Coinpanymg the resolution was called fjr
and objected to.
[Tin* was the pían above referred to.]
Mr. GILMER moved to lay the resolution, etc.
on the table.
Mr. HUNT called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MALLORY suggested to Mr. Gmlmks to
amend the resolution to lay on table, by adding
"and that it be printed."
Mr. C. MORRIS moved that the House adjourn;
which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned until Monday morning
at ten o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 21, 1841.
RETURN OF THE MEDITERRANEAN SQUADRON.
The CHAIR submitted to the Senate a commu-
nication from the President of the United States
covering a report from the Navy Department, ia
compliance with a resolution of the 8th instant,
calling for the correspondence in relation to the
sailing of the Mediterranean squadron. The cor-
respondence having been partially read—
Mr. PRESIÓN moved that the further reading
of the documents be dispensed with, and that they
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. He
hoped the mves'igation and report of the commit-
tee would do s'me.h'.Dg to relieve those of our offi-
cers who had left their post from the disagreeable
position now occupied by them; but he thought
there was nothing m these documents calculated
to alleviate the public sensibilny. It appeared from
them that Capt. Bolton had received a letiter from
our Consul at Gibraltar of a date twenty four days
later than Mr. Stevenson's letter, informing him
that all anticipations of hostilities with the British
Government had terminated. Mr. P. eulogized
the conduct ot Com. Hull, as that of a gallant and
sensible old Commodore, as every body knows he
is, who remained on his station, and was still th«ffe.
Mr. SEVIER said he was very glad that Mr.
Steyenton's letter had been read; and he now
thought the Senator from South Carolina would
asiee with him in the opinion that all this noise
about Mr. Stevenson's letter and the return of the
Mediterranean squadron, was a small affair. He
thought, howevei, that the Minister should be
censured a little, for not knowing, what he ought
to have known, that to long as we had so amiable
a Secretary of State, there was no danger of war,
and, iherefore, he was scarcely excusable for hav-
ing so horridly frightened the "good old Commo-
dore."
Mr PRESTON said with regard to Mr. Ste-
venson's leiter, it was proper enough, under the
circumstances; but he hoped the result in this in-
stance woald be a warning, hereafter, to our agents
abroad, when they know nothing to say no-
thioa'.
The message was then referred.
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STAES.
Mr. CLAY oí Kentucky, from the Select Com-
mittee on the Currency, repeated a bill to incorpo-
rate the subscnoeis to the Fiscal Bank of the Uni-
ted States, atd said he was instructed to make a
written re fort. He moved tbat the bill have its
1 fir-t leading b> its. t tie, taat it made the order of
tl>e da) fji Wedi.e-da> ne/i, and that the bill and
re, oit be j-nmed, with fitteen hundred extra copies,
icr the use o' the Sena e.
Several 3ena'ois> having desired that the report
might be ¡end—
Mr. CL^Y raídas it was principally in his hand-
ui'tmg, with the leave oi the Senate, he would
read it Dimse'f.
The report - as a" follows:
The committee to .vhich was referred so much of
tbePiss.denfsMesrase as. relates to a uniform cur-
rency, ina a «.uiiable fiscal agent capaole of add-
írg mcieased faciliiles, in the collection, and dis-
bursement, and ¡.ceerity of the public revenue,
! have ha Í Ihe same under consideration, and beg
leave to report:
T ,at, after the most attentive and anxious con-
siders ion of th  state of the currency, and the
finAQces ef the Government, in all their ín-erestmg
and important bearings, the committee have ar-
rived at the same conclusion with the Secretary of
the Treasury, that a sound and just policy re-
quires the establishment of a Bank of the United
Stales wiih as little delay as practicable.
Tne committee have neither time nor inclination
to enter into a discussion of the questioa of the
