cowg:
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
27th Cong..........1st Sess.
Continued from JVo 5.
It will give the people a sound currrency of uni-
form value throughout the Union, which is just as
necessary to the successful operition of all
branches of business ab pure air or water is to the
preservation of human 'jfe or heal'n.
Ii will revive and exterd commercial intercourse,
which, lor the want ot a common medium, has
been almost suspended between different parts of
the Union.
It will reduce domes'ic exchange from the enor-
mous premiums and discounts now frequently paid,
to the moderate standard growing cut of the mere
cost and insurance on the risk of transporting spe-
cie from one 10 ai Other part ot the Union.
It will, consequently, save hundreds of thousands
of dollars now annual y lost in transactions of ex-
change.
ItwiP essentially b >nefi( 'be manufacturing in-
terest by enabling it to reaiui sales and tae pro-
ceeds v.* sa'es.
It w pwerfully contable to tne re umpt.ei
of specie payments by the banks, whose existing
delinquency is the greate t source of ril prevailing
pecuniary and financial emlarra,=s,n<'iits
It will srrea'ly tend >o p'tvect at j correct the ex-
cesses and ab ises of the local b3 fc.
It will furn 11 a mediu.n common to ad partc of
the Union for .ne pa/ment of derj's and cuesto the
Government thus rendering duties and taxes uni-
foim in tact as veil as m name.
It is indispensable to the conv-nient and success-
ful financial opemt ons of the Government m all
th< departments of collection, safe keeping, and
cisbursemsits of tie rmbhc re\enue.
ouch a.e sopie of the domestic benefi's which
tae committee luliv believe will be secured by a
National Bank. Those wnich appertain to our fo-
reign relations are also worthy ot serious conside-
ration.
If it be true that money is power, its concentra-
tion under the direction of one will, sole or collec-
tive, must augment the .power. A nation, without
such a concentiation of power, maintaining exten-
sive commeicul ío.tercours; witu another nation
possessing it, mu t conduct that laiucoiirse on a
condition of inequality and disadvantage. Na-
tional Banks, in o'her countnes-, beget die neces-
sity, thereiore, of a National Bank in this country,
in like mannsr as Nat onal Governments m fo-
reign nations must be met by a National Govern-
ment m our .
Accordingly, we have seen tha influence exeited
by the Baru oí England upon Amencan interests,
when ti ose inteiests i ere exposed to the action of
that Ban1, -ud were ltlt without the protection of
a Bank oi the United Sice . Ti,e committee do
not w sh to be understood ^ intending to express
any at probation of tie eommerciil operations in
wh en ihc Pennsylvania Bank, assunrng the name
of t.ie Sank of tr a United States, engaged, when
thai s ji  of things arose
But th y do i lean to say that the interests and
digna} oí t.i¿ Uuitid Siatts demand that they
should not be exposed, btjoml the necessary and
legitimate in luence o' monetary and commerenl
operations, to the action ot a toreign banking in-
stitution. They beueve ihat, without a competent
Bank ot the Unued Fiat«, 'orugn National Banks
may and probably wul exucise an undue and pos-
sib.y pernicious índuence upon oui .nterests.
In this view ot the case, the quest on ,s, whether
¡t is better that we should be lett liable to be nia'e-
nallv afficted by a foreign institution, m which
we have no mtere.t, over which we can exeitno
control, which is administered soiely m reference
to iorei^n mteres's, or we s*>.ill have an American
Bank, the crea are ot our will, subject to Amencan
authority, and ?n.mated by Amencan mteiesis
feelings, and sympathies?
The committee could not entertain a fdoubt in
such an alternative. And, in reference to the
toreign aspect oi tae Bank, the committee thought
st expedient to allow it to deal in foreignj bills ot
SESSIONAL
•WEEKLY-
SATURDAY, JUNE 26, 1841.
exchange,which are the barometer of the siateof our
foreign trade.
In eonclus on, the committee think it proper to
say that they have given due consideration to the
various memorials referred to them, and to the
instructions moved by a Senator from Missis-
sippi.
They subjoin that wherever, m this report, the
committee is mentioned, a majority of the commit-
tee is to be understood.
All which is icopeetfully submitted.
Mr. CLAY th=n renewed his motion to print,
&c, which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, the Se-
lect Committee on the subject o the Cairency was
discharged frcm the further consideration of all
the subjects which had been referred to tt
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
the cities of New York and Buffalo in favor of the
p.i sage of a general bankrupt .aw.
Mi. WRI&IIT presented twi memorials from
I cmz-ns oi N„w Yori: in favcr of th^ parage of a
general baniiru nt law; ana tn-ee memorials from
i the sam" c ty reinon-* aung against the passage of
I any bark'uri'aw, wo eh were severally referred
j  to the Committee un th<> Jud emiy.
Mr ¡ViEFUiiCK' p isenied a merpori ' from tne
i    Board of Traae oí Bait more m íavor ot the char-
!   ter ot a National Bank, vrch was kid on the
ta^ e.
ftT¡. HUNTINGTON pies-nted a neraonal
pnying for the passage of a gei eral oankrapt law,
and
I Mr. CLAY of K"rtucKy p-e^r <-d lio memo-
ij ria s Jrom ciuzrnsot New YorK 11 íavor of abanl -
i, rupt law, v.n eh weie iefer ei to the Committee
|    on tne Ju^ciarj.
I Mr. CLAY submitted a resolution to the effect
that, from and after the 221 instant, the hour of
meeting of the Senate be 10 o'clock, instead of 12,
as heretofore
On motion of Mr. MANGUM,
Resolved, That 'he ¡Secretary of the Navy fur-
nish a s'a'ement of the number of old-fashioned
pistols and muskets at present bt longing to the na-
val service.
CONDITION OP THE FINANCES
The Senate lesumed the censijeration of the
motion cf Mr. Clai' o. Ken icky to print 1500
copies of tne ie¡ jn of the S creury oi .he Trea-
sury on the -^ate   i the finances.
Mr. CALHOUN, after a few p-elimmary re-
marks, observed thai it was iuij ossiblc for any one
to read the report of the Secretaiy of the Treasury,
without bems struck wth the tact that lis object
was to make it appear that there was to be a large
deficit at tne end ot the yei"-. To support this po-
sition, cne thing was essential—corréemeos in ü e
I data upon which the assumption was b.-ed So
| many gross triors had already bten po n pu out m
I that aata by t iose who had g ne oe.ore him, (Mi
Calholn,) in reviewing the leport, thai he should
not think it necessary to advert to them m de ail,
but would confine himself to ¡> «ing'e leierence to
the conclusion a' which the Secretary ot trie Trea-
sury had ai ived Tms leleience was with a view
oí a<=eert-uiing what in reality would be the deficit,
upon the Secretary's own showiLg, ¡>t the end ot
the year. He (Mr. Cal cdn) would e;ner into
this inve'tig'Uio .id a way whicnwuuldenable him
to lay the mattei so en ar y bffoie the Senate, as to
leave no doubt on the mmd o' any gec'leman present
tnat his deductions were ,ndisi>uiabit. For ihe sake of
bievity and accuracy he had leduced his calcula-
tions to writing, and would now siate them, pre-
mising that fc ha he would prove would be this,
that instead of the enormous deficit set dowa by
the Secretary of the Treasury, his report proves
that the d hcitat the end ot the yeai, cannot ex-
ceed $1,743,974.
He maces the aggregate ou'stand.n  appropria-
tions on ue 4th ot March $33,429,616 50.
Tne receipts fiom the 1st oi January to the 4th
of March, he sets dowa at ^4,212,540 07.   And
JdOXtEL
—.       .—„«m, .... .-,-............     ,..............ni,,     ,...,v               „    ■,      ,.„, ,..„   lr.«
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION 
Volume 10...........No. 6.
he states the receipts for the residue of the year at
§20,750,395* 84, giving by estimate, for the means
of the year, $24,942,935 91.
He pu's down the appropriations for the year
at $17,937,981. The permanent appropriations at
#1,781,115. The Treasury notes due and payable
in the year, at $5,283 831.
He then estimates the outstanding appropriations
at the end of the year at $9,296,616, making a reduc-
tion on the outstanding appropriations of thepreced-
mg year, which were $ 12,306,265, of $3;O09,S49;
and the last sum added to the first three, namely,
§17 937,981, #1 781,115, and $5 283,831, making
together $28,12,776, the aggregate expenditure of
tha year. In reference to tne #5,283,831 for Trea-
sury notes, it is to be remarked that he puts down
for the same Treasury notes in the body of hw re-
port the sum of $5,413,592 72, making a difference
of $130,000—another example of carelessness and
error.
But, to return to the aggregate expense of the
year which he makes $28,012,776, from which his
means, as before stated, must be deducted, namely,
$24,942,935, and we find his deficit, according to
his own data, is $3,069,841 Th.s, however, is not
deficit then, tor it includes p,110 611 of Treasury
rotes issued under the actot 1840, between the 31st
ot Decemb r and 4>h of March, and not due till
1842 which wi n $215,151 in the mist, making to-
gtther $1,325,7b2 deducted, reduces his deficit to
$1,743,979, ti-e sum he (Mr. Calhoun) undertook
to snow ihat the Secretary's own report would prove
the only d-hcit he could have at the end of the
year Now take uis nett deficit from the deficit of
$16,088,215 which ne afumes, and at is found that
he makes an over estimate oí no less a sum than
§14 344,226
[Here .Mr. Calhoun went into other calcula-
tions to show that even the deficit of f 1,743,979
which he had reduced the Secretary ot the Trea-
sury's calculation to, might be reduced by taking
account of minor funds available, to f 1,149,179;
and provit g an exaggeration of deficit to the amount
of $14 939,036] The deficit then, at the end of
the year, (observed Mr. C ) is but $ 1,149,000; and
for what has this been swelled up to more than
sixteen millions'! That would be seen presently.
The sixteen million deficit was not all. The Se-
cretary had added a very heavy sum for carrying
on fortifications. But why should that also be
made a deficit? Wüat was there in the system of
fortifications on which this sum was to be expend-
ed, whi¿h could justify mat expenditure at a time
it is declared there is so much debt and deficit?
For his (Mr C's) part he thought the whole sys-
tem of fortification now in progress ought to be*
suspended for the present.
But, n may he asked, why has the Secretary of
the Tieasiny shown this extraordinary solicitude
to make out a deficiency? Was it merely to bring
odium on his predecessors m office, and show the
people in what a bad condition the late Administra-
tion had left the Treasury? Not altogether so. He
had higher objects m view: he was on a broader
tack. It was ts lay the foundation for the super-
structure of the great measures which this ex-
tra session of Congress was to consummate.
And this leads to the question, wnat are
these measures? They are: First, a funded
debt, second, a National Bank; third, an one-
rous system of taxation, and fourth, a distri-
bution of the proceeds of the public lands—a per-
manent branch of the revenue of the country—and
to be distributed, for what' Why, jusi m order to
make a national debt! For the Secretary has not
left us at a loss to know of what his national debt
is to consist. It is learned from his report that it is
to be created out of this sixteen millions of deficit,
six millions tor a new United States Bank, and nine
millions three hundred and odd thousands to be
subscribed by the United States on behalf of the
States ii their individual capacities. What right
has Congreis to make this subscnptisn on behalf
of any Siate without its own legislative action, or
