CONGRESSIONALÍGLOBE.
moved from office since the 4'h of March last, was
taken up; when
Mr. MANGUM expressed a wish that the Se-
nator from Pennsylvania would let the motion he
on the table for the present at least. The remo-
vals which have been made are, to those which are
to take place, but ?.s the preface to the book. The
Executive had been so occupied in matters per'ain-
ing to the extra session, as to have been prevented
from coming up to the expectations of the coun-
try on this subject. Hereafter he would give his
aid to the Senator, not only m procuring a list of
the removals made under the present Administra-
tion, but also under the last, so that the gentleman
might see the names in parallel columns if he so
desired.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was as he had expect-
ed. What bad taken place was only a prefaee.
But he thought it as well to have the first volume
now, and he could call for the o'hers as they were
completed. As the. hour had prrived, however,
for taking up the special order, he woald consent
o lay it over until to-morrow,*with the understand-
ing that it should be ibrri s -fd upon.
BAPKS OF THE DISTRICT.
The Senate ioen pioceuded to the discussion of
the bill to revive and extend the "barters of the
District Banks—th'-; motion of Mr. Allen of Ohio,
to postpone the bill utiiil the first Monday in De-
cember next pending.
On this motion a discussion ensued, in which
Messrs. CLAY of Alabama, ALLEN, and KING
participa'ed; wien the motion was negatived—ayes
14, Loes 33.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to strike out the
last clause of the bill, extending the chatters until
the further action of Ccngre-:s.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK then moved to amend the bill
by ex'endtng the cbrriefs for ten } ears, subject to
the action of any fu'ure Congress.
Mr. TAP PAN wished to know if one Congress
can make any grant of power to a succeeding Con-
gress.
Mr. MERRICK dii not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate 10 debating that que tt n.
Mr. ALLEN said we grant charters to banks,
and they grant us the privilege of amencias them.
Mr. CLAYo! Alabama suggested that the Se-
nator from Maryland shodd wi hdraw his rar tion,
and that the exien-ion of me charter should bj li-
mited to July 4, JS43.
This modification was agreed to by Mr. Mer-
rick, and the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BENTON then proposed the following
amendmen':
Audbe itfa.it/4er enacted. Ttvrt each anil every of stmt
banks be, am! they are hoieby,'expressly prohlb.ied irom inn-
ing or paying out, under any pretence whatever, any bill, note,
or other paper designed ut intended to vised and ciieuUted as
mone-, of a l^scde. > misa'!*"] dnn live dollars, or of any deno-
mination between Ave and ten dol-ars. or between ten and t > en-
ty dollars: nml far any vioLuion oi the pinv.-oons of this sec-
tion, the offending bank «.lia I mor ill .be peuat.'ei a„d for-
feitures to be ptov uled and directed u.v t!v> lust section of ihts
act for the case of suspensor, or lelnsa' lo pjy in speci •; tobe
enfoned in like manner as is mrectc.l by that secciun.
Mr. BENTON said ms otu-et'm offering this
amendment was ir fu'ther-inoe of the ia'emioas de-
clared by g-ii lenvn, th it '.h- o'^j i: o4 tins b>!l
was to secure to the people of the D.stric a sound
currency.
Mr. MERRfCK briefly opposed ihs amendm?nt
on the ground that the ba-.ks of .he circumjacent
States were in a .-tale oí - uspensioj, i ¡id if a'l.'pied
it would prevent he bv.d:* fio-vt granting that
easement m money KinKer-, nhicts the p'>ople of
District had a neb; to i x>.cct.
Mr. BENTON sii.i th- argument of the Senator
from Maryland yrsfrd-y bh< thai fh--obj.-ct of
this bill was to exclude the paper of nispenJed
banks from ths ursine-, and supply its place w,ih
the notes of thes? banks, which wev-' payable in
specie on demand. Now the eifeet of his amend-
ment was nothing more than carrying out the
views then expre, --ed by th? Senator.
Mr. MANGUM was in favor of the amendment.
If it was not adonted, we would be psss'ng a bill
to incorporate in.-titu.iotis who, ostensibly, were to
do business on a opecie basis; while really, and in
effect, '.hey would be using uredcímahle paper of
suspended banks,   'i'hts he never wouid consent tc 
Mr. BERRIEN said the proposition before the
Senate was to charter specie paying biak~, and yet
the bill gives them power to use the notes of non-spe-
cie payin  banks-. Tais vas wrong, and he was
in favor oí 'he i-~r>endment a? securing v-hat. gen-
tlemen had stated was the object of tne bill.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama ald'es-ed the Senate at
some length in favor of the amendment; when the
question was taken, and it was adopted—ayes 36,
noes 6, as follow. :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bayard, Benton,
. Berrien, Buchanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans,
Fulton, Graham, Henderson, Ker, Kins, Linn,
McRo'oetts, Msngum, Miller, Morehead, Mouton,
Nicholson, P.cree, Prentiss. Rives, Sevier, Sim-
mens, Smith of Connecticut, Tippan, White, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Merrick, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, and Tallmadge—6.
Mr. BENTON then proposed an amendment
explanatory of the pet imposing a penalty for is-
suing and circulating within the Dis'ridf, notes of
a less denomination than five dollars; which was
discussed hy Messis. MANGUM, BERRIEN,
KING, BENTON, and BAYARD, and was with-
drawn.
On mo'iin by Mr. KING, the 4th section of the
bill was s'r.-kan out, it heirs: superseded by the
amendment ofTeied by Mr. Benton.
Mr. ALLEN then offered an amendment rack-
ing the s ockholders r.nd officers individually li-
able.
This was di-cussrd by Mes?r=. ALLEN, CLAY
of Alabama, and MERRICK, and negatived—
ayes  31, noes 27.
Mr. MANGUVT then proposed an amendment
granting the banks for two; ears the privilege of
issuing one and two dollar noie<.
This was advocated bv Mr, MANGUM, and
opposed by Mr. BENTON, and adnpied—ayes 20,
noe; 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien,
Clay ct Kf-tucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Ker, Maneum, Miller, More-
head, Poner, Stmmrns, Southard, Tallmadge,
Wni'e, snd Woodbridie—20.
NAYS-Messrs. Aim, B.iyard. Tfcnton, Cal-
houn, Cios'te, CUy of Alabama, Fulton, Hender-
son, King, Lmn, Merrick, ¡VTouton, Pierce, Rives,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana,
V/ngh', and Young—19.
Tne bill was then reported lo the Senate, and
the question coming up on concurring with the
committee :n the amendments—
Mr. KIÍCG a'k:d that the vo e on concurrence
would be taken co.kctivf !y on ad the amendments
hut the la--t, rtnJ .ii.it it should be taken separately.
Gentlemen culd not have fai'ed to perceive thai
ii the S?ra'e ha* l-e_n full, th* motion wo'iM have
been tie eat.t', and as be con'id red that the deri-
ii'.n o,i that vot.- would decide th-; fate of ihe bid,
es hoped th" Senate would tdj v¡in ato' k-t ihe vó's
op concui r.ni; m that nir eni'm'n' be t 1;>. n m a fell
ti-nr/e i.-,-. ( rro •■'
Mr K11S- ( -ohi 1 \o'el r; the maj -lity) rro-
no;ei I' move a reeonsi leri'i-ui
Mr. KI.VG s.;i ii-e So e.'et' vote on the- qt>e=-
¡ on oí ennc.ifierioe "'Oivd ^v-'.r ev^-r;,   pr<'p '-se.
The q irvio i i'.'ks ¡hen taken on copriirnpee ¡n ill
f-.e aaifi'.dn !) s hut lhp la.t an ! they we-e pgreei
to.
The cju?t'ion Vas tVn iahec on eonenrring in
the last ;imen Jntc-iv, ano it v.a; decide Í in ihs ne-
g'-'ive—Ayes 31, no'_s 18
So that amcr.dartni «a* ic-jected.
Mr. CLAY, ¡"rcn? :',e Committee oa Fir".i;c , re-
ported the bid making apnropriftiois írr the ex,¡a
s?sfion of Cociress, with am-udments, when were
caisidcred, concurred ;n, an i the bill passed.
Tne Senate then adjourned until 10 o'c'ock to-
morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday. June 22, 1841.
The SPEAKER called for petitions pnd memo-
lialb in tne reverse order of the States and  Terri-
tories, and they were  presented by  the  following
members:
Mr. RANDOLPH of New Jersey.
Mos¿rs. FLOVD and ROOSEVELT-of New
Yoik.
Messrs. PARMENTER and ADAMS of Mas-
sachusetts.
[Mr. Parmkntkr presented the petition of Char-
les Bent and twenty-three others of Chelmsford,
Massachusetts, in favor of a general bankrupt law;
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.]
Trie committees were then called in their order
for reports-, but none were made.
Resolutions were then called for.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Randolph, coming up in its order,
Resolved, That 10,000 extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the finances
be printed:
Mr. RANDOLPH said that he had not intended
in offering this resolution to elicit any discussion.
If gentlemen were desirous of discussing the sub-
ject of the finances, they could attain their object
on one or more bills that would come up. Sup-
posing that the resolution would, as a matter of
course, bs adopted eventually, he would move the
previous qne-stion.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired of the Speaker what
extra number of this document it was usual to
prim?
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk informed
him that the number had varied from 5,000 to
15,000. The usual number, however, had been
10,000.
Some conversation followed between Mr. WEL-
LER and the SPEAKER in relation to the right to
to the floor. Mr. W. having claimed it in prefe-
rance to the gentleman from New Jersey £Mr.
Randolph] on the ground that he (Mr. W.) had
objected to the resolution and expressed his desire
to tiebateit.
The SPEAKER, however, decided that the
gentleman from New Jersey who submitted the
resolution had the right to the floor, and that, there-
fore, his motion for the previous question was in
order.
And the question being taken on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the main question (being on the adoption of
the resolution) was ordered to be taken.
Mr. EASTMAN called the yeas and nays on
the main question; wh:ch were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Landaff W.
Andrews, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg,
Babcock, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye, Boardman,
Borden, Botis, Biiggs, Brockway, Milton Brown,
William Butler, Cilhoun, John Campbell, Thos.
J. Campbell, Carmher?, Childs, Chittenden, Job 
C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Cooper, Cowea,
Cranston, Cravens, Coshing, Garrett Davis, De-
btiry, John Edwards, Everett, Penis, Fessenden,
A. Lawrence Poster, Cates, Giddmgs, Gilmer,
Gu;;?d>, Pa: i::k G, Goode, Giaham, Greig, Hall,
--V.,a. tí. llostm.cs, Henry, Hudson, Hunt, James
Itvn, William W. Irwm, James, J. P. Kenne-
dy, Lon, S Ma on, Mathiot,Mattocks, Maxwell,
M.-.ynard, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Nisbet, Os-
borne, Owsley, Pe-ree, Pendleton, Pope, Promt,
Rarn-cy, Alexander Randall, Benjamin Randall,
Randofph, R-ivner, Ridgway, Rodney, Russell,
3?lt-ns'all, Sftepperd, Simonton, Sollers, Stanly,
S'oi-elev, Stra'tou, Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro',
J >rtn B Tncmp.-on, Rich.-.rd W. Thompson, Xil-
hnghast. Toland, Tri/iett, Underwood, YanRens-
s'laer, Ed-r:,rd D. White, Lewis W'.Viiams, Wna-
thrrp. Wise, Yorke,  and Augjst>;,s Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrirgton, A'herton, Banks,
Beeson, Bi.d ck, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron
V. B own, Jerermsh 3rown, Burke, Sampson H.
Butler, WiUuuiO. Butler, Green W. Caldwell,
Patrick C. CaMwell, Clifford, Clinton, Coles,
Daniel, Richard 0. Davis, Dean, Dean, J. O.
Eiw-rds, Egbert, John G Ficyd, Charles A.
Floyd, Foraaace, Thomas F. Foster, Gordon,
Gusiine, Hams, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Hubard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jack, John W. Jones, Keiin, Andrew Kennedy,
Littlefieid, Lowell, Robert McClellan, McKay,
Mallory, Marchand, A. Marshal!, John T. Ma-
son, Mathews, Mediil, Miller, Newhard, Oliver,
