CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Clerk of the House" in place of "the Navy De-
partment."
la the publication of them, however, it might be
well to consider the propriety of adopting a uniform
system, so that when the coast survey was pub-
lished, they would not require reputlication.
Mr. KING of Georgia made a few remarks in
illustration of the necessity of this particular chart.
He modified his resolulion by moving its refer-
ence to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CUSH1NG denied thafhe had any desire to
prevent the completion of the survey of the South-
ern coast. His constituen's were as anxious it
should be completed as were the constituents of gen-
tlemen from the South. It was their vessels and
men that were most exposed to the peril? arising
from a want of survey, and it was for that very
reason that he wished to see the survey completed,
that we might have pracical results during the pre-
sent generation. It was the gentleman from Geor- ,
gia [Mr. King] who had first sugsested ,ioubts on
the subject, and he (Mr. C.) had only supported
them. He d.d not pretend to understand the sci-
entific details of this triangular system; but he
could look at certain facts, and he could come to
conclusions upon them. He could see the amount
of money expended; he could see that there wouid
be no practical results: he could see that a century
would be required to cover the Southern c-asi at j
the same rate of time that had been taken to survey I
the Northern coast; and he thought that no ms,n !
was so superlatively wise as to be above the Go-
vernment, or beyond the reach of criticism in this
House.
All he desired was, that such results might be at-
tained as the present generation could avail them-
selves ot. So far from wiihmg the survey to
cease, he wished it to be pursued as expeditiously
as possible to practical results. He desired siso that
an investigation should be made into the subject by
this House.
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew his motion to refer to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY briefly advocated the proposi-
tion, for which he said ha should vote as it now
stood.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to appropriate for a limited time the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands of the* united
States, and for granting lands to certain States.
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee of the Wtioie en the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
The following resolution, presented yesterday by
Mr. Campbell of Sjuth Carolina, came up m its
order:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and M. -r.~ he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amen 'r - ¡pact
entitled "An act to provide lor tlic collection, satc-Unpina,
transfer,and disbursement of the public revenue," apptoved
July 4, 1840. as io authorise all duties taxes, debis, or si' ri* of
money, accru 05 and becoming pa>. m to rhe Tlnitod States,
to be collected and paid in the le^ral etiirency of the i'nited
States, or in Treasury note^. 01 in c-inent btnkn''t<\=: of rpccie-
paymg bank's, ;>a> )h!e and paid on demand in the sa'J le^al cur-
rency ofthe Unneu State , aud also of }Vo\ ¡ding by law lot ,--et-
tlementá with the ban! ^ respectively, iortucobaI-<ncesoi their
notes as may remam 'V, hand at the expnation of cettain pe-
riods: and also of repealing so much of the sai 1 act entiti d
"An act to provine tor the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement r 1 ine puo.10 rev -ntie,'- as ma^w it obb taui-
ry, after a certa a ¡>ciiod. upon officers or err 1* c¡ .ailed in
making disbursements on acco \it of the Umted Sr. tes, or of
the General Post Uflice, to make all pa/menu in gold and sil-
ver coin only.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he would occupy the
time ofthe House but for a moment. At the time
he submitted the resolution, it was his intention to
debate it on ¡he reference, but inasmuch as almost
every question connected with the revenue of the
country had been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the Select Committee on the
Currency, and as reports would be brought into ihe
House, he would postpone the remarks he intended
to make until that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN said that if the effect of send-
ing this resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means would be to defer action on the bill sen; to
that committee, he chould oppose i¡,   Mr. F. re-
ferred to his remarks yesterday on the motion to re-
fer that bill, and repeated the opinion then expressed
by him, that the House itself might as well have
acted upon it at once; for if there was one subject
on which the representatives of the people had
been instructed, it was the repeal of the Sub-
Treasury.
Mr. PICKENS said that he was fully aware
that his colleague [Mr. Campbell] had conscien-
tious scruples about the specie clause in the Inde-
pendent Treasury law; and he was, therefore, wil-
ing to give him an opportunity to be heard.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
had said that we came here instructed to repeal
the Sub-Treasury; and Mr. Pickens rose to protest
against the demngoguical doctrine—he rose . to
protest against the instructions emanating from
cross road meetings, and log cabin and tavern
gatherings. Were they to be influenced by the dic-
tates of men who know nothing oí the subjects of
which they spoke? No; they were assembled to
legislate on measures presented to them for delibe-
ration. They were a rational assembly, intelli-
gent freemen, called here to legislate, and not to
render edicts, in this or the other branch of Con-
gress. Hehadheaid this doctrine advanced too
often in the House, and honed their faces would
now be set Egainst it. Let the subjects upon which
they were called to deli Derate, receive their atten-
tion; let them deport th mselvts as gentlemen who
have ronven d to con-uU together, and not sit upon
the miserable doctrine that vie are to obey the in-
structions recorded in the cross road taverns. It
■was against the spirit of cur institutions. We re-
present our constituents, it is true, (said Mr. P.)
but while we do so, let us consult in the spirit of
freemen, meet on half-vay ground, and give due
weight to the matters involved in the great mea-
sures which will be submitted to us, and which
they deserve. Do not come here as the miserable
tools of party, or of popu'ar assemblages.
Mr, FESSENDEN said that when the motion
had been attv/.e yesterday to refer this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means, there was some-
thing more in the motion than met the ear; and
the conviction, he now thousht, ro.ust have come
home to gentlemen that there had been good
grounds for such a suspicion. It struck Mr. F. at
the time, from the faint tone in which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] had made the
motion, and from the annunciation (on which he
had appeared to ¡ay much stress) that he had been
instructed to make such a motion, as well as from
the promptitude with which trie gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr, Atheeton,] the gentleman
from Virgima.,[Mr. Jones,] and die gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Picksns,] had sprung ;o their
feet and opposed any other reference ofthe bill,
that there was more in the proposition than met
the ear. Still, as the reference to that committee
had been advocated bv the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams] and the g n;ie-
tn?.n from Pennsylvania, [Mr. StnoEiNT.l he sup-
posed it must be all right. Tc-!av, rf.wever, bis ¡
first suspicion^ had ¡-'.::i-:l: his r.tind wi:l\ rwwpd !
force, and he was now dec'.de.V.y opposed to giving 1
the bill thai direction. He xas of opinion that j
the repeal of ihf Sob-Treasury law ought to be
madr'sit one". T¡;e people of the United Slates
had most unequivocally condemned that la'.", pnd
he believed this Hou-e was ready to obey then-
voice. The majority of the Ho'.-ie did not want
to talk about a thing so plait-; and if ihe minoiity
did, the sooner they commence 1 their harangues
fha better. He presumed it would como to ihe
same thing in the end. Why, then, produce una-
vailing delay ? Tho gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Pickens] had branded Mr. F's remarks
as those of a demagogue—
[Here Mr. Pickens interposed. He had said
that they were in tha "style of a demagogue, Mr,
P. had called them uemagoguical.]
Well: it made no great difference: be presumed
he oenlleman did not mean directly to call Mr. F.
a demagogue. Mr. F. had not the pleasure to
know that gentleman personally, but he presumed
there were very few gentlemen m the House or in
the country that had not some knowledge of him
by reputation; aud from all Mr. F. had heard or
seen of the speeches of the honorable gentleman,
he had always supposed him to be one of the very
highest-toned Democrats, one who was every ready
implicitly and instantly to bow to the will of the
people; certainly no gentleman talked longer or,
louder on the obligation resting on all public men
to do so. And what had Mr. F. said that did not,
in substance, amount to thai? He had said that
the people had pronounced the Sub-Treasury Jaw
both odious and dangerous, it was their duty at
once to put an end to it. Was that any thing so
foul, so abominable, so very horrible? Was there
any thing so very "demagoguical" in the doctrine
that Representatives were bound to obey their con-
stituents? But the genlleman now preached that-
let the people speak as plainly as they would,-their
Representatives in ¡hat House were not promptly
and at oace to carry out their will, but were to con-
sult first whether they should do it or not.
Mr. PICKENS here interposed to explain. The
genlleman ¡rom Mame had entirely mistaken his
meaning: he had never maintained that Represen-
tatives were not bound to obey the voice of the peo-
ple: what he had coatended for was, that the con-
demnation of the Sub-Trea'.ury had not been de-
manded by the voice of the people, but what the
gentleman referred to as the people's voice was the
mere echo of popular meetings under the influence
of e'ectioneenng excitement.
Mr. F. resumed. If that was what the gentle-
man meant, then he had been replying to what Mr.
F. h?,d never said. All that he had contended for
was, that as ¡he people had instructed iheir Repre-
sentatives that it was their will that lha Sub-Trea-
sury should be repealed,it was theduty of their Re-
presentatives forthwith to repeal it .If.the gentleman
meant to. say that he had never loudly urged the
popular decision as an argument against the bank,
those associated with him certainly had done so.
As for Mr. F. he remained to-day where he had
ben yesterday. He believed then that the bill had
taken a wrong direction, and he believed so still.
He had thought that the House did not understand
what the effect was going to be, but now it was
abundantly manifest. Now another bar was pro-
posted to be interposed to impede the speedy action
of the House in repealing this odious law. He
hoped that the motion would not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky opposed the resolution
now before the House, because it proposed to do an
impossibility. Nf; if Congress did its duty to the
Ametican people, it wouid not retain one vestige of
a law against which they had set ¡heir face. The
gentleman irom Maine had truly said that the peo-
ple had sat in judgment on this Sub-Treasury law,
and condemned it, and that it was the duty of Con-
gress to execute judgment; and Mr. D. for one,
was prepared to do it.
Mr. POPE of Kentucky, observed that he had
yesterday voted against his own better judgment,
out of deference to ths opinion ot the gentleman
irom Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] ps well as of ihe
chairmr.n ot the select comtm'tee, [Mr. Sergeant.]
His doubts as 10 the propriety of sending this bill
to the Committee of Way; and Means had this
morning been confirmed. He was himself one of
the select committee, and he certainly did not de-
sire the labor; but he was satisfied (hat it appro-
priately belonged to that committee. It was fit
that the consideration of repealing the Sab-Trea-
sury, and of providing a substitute, whether
bank or nie.il agent, should be confided to
one and the same committee. He was opposed
to pushing the measure through the House without
a previous reference to the committee. Mr. P. in-
tended to vets for the repeal and for the appoint-
ment of a substitute for the Sub-Treasury plan,
but both ought to be done in a manner becoming
the order aud dignity of that House. Let a com-
mittee examine the entire subject, and report what
was proper to be done. Mr. P. had intended to
move a reconsideration of the vote of yesterday,
referring the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means;^and, to make room for that motion, he
would now move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina pressed
Mr. Pope to withdraw this motion, to allow him to
make some remarks in explanation, but Mr. P.
declined doing so.   The question was thereupon
