§3
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
leaders fastened upon the public miad, that the
derangement m the currency, the pressure in the
money market, and the embarrassments generally,
whieh pervaded the whole country, were attributa-
ble to the late Administration of the Govern-
ment!- Who believes, for a moment, that Mr
Van Buren would have been defeated, if such
general prosperity had existed ía 1840, as seemed
to exist in 1836? The people were made to think
(that a "change" would better rheir condition, if not
' afford immediate relief. The cry of "change,"
"change," was rung throughout the land The
present Attorney General of the United States,
proclaimed aloud, that the bare annunciation of
the election of General Harrison would add a hun-
dred millions to the capital of the country, and the
whole allied powers of Whigery cried amen
Have these pr( dictions and promises been realized1!
Let a humbugged and deceived people answer'
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania called Mr W.
te order.
Mr. W. continued. Is it not in order to 'eply
to remarks which have been made by the majority
here, with interruption'! If not, he would lake his
seat. He «new it was very unpalatable to some
gentlemen to have the past alluded to. Now
they have got into power, and are tramplmr under
foot every principle they professed when endea
vonng to obtain it, they want to seal our lips, and
prevent us from exposing their hypocn y, by re-
peated calls to order
Here Mt MOORE of Louisiana arose and «aid
he hoped the gentleman would be permitted to pro-
ceed.   He was for full discussion.
Mr W continued Before the election what did
we heai? The expenditures of the Government
during Mr Adams's administration, were thirteen
millions, now they are twenty five or thirty mil-
lions ' Only put us m powei, a id we will put an
end to this prcil *ate expenditure cf (he peop'e's
money. We will "reform" this extravagance—
we will restore economy in all the Departments
Where is the evidence oí your economy, gentle
men? Echo answrrs—where' Can it be found in
the report of the ¡Secretary ot ihe Treasury, who
proposes expending some eight millions ot dollars
more this year than a Democratic Congress appro-
priated—in all twenty-six or seven millions'! Can it
be found in the report of the Scretary of War,
who tells us he must have two milliois anda halt
now at any rate, and after a while he will
ask us for the very moderate sum of about thirty-
three millions more, to expend in the building of
fortification0, light-houses, &c 2 Is not this "re-
trenchment and reform" with a vengeance? You
can scarcely take up a dcument emanating from
any of the ^Executive Departments this session,
but you nad, "more money—more taxes "
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky objected to Mr
W. proceeding
Mr. CLIO* ORO of Mame moved that Mr W.
be permitted to proceed in order, which was
granted without a count
Mr. WATTERSON said he was certainly very
unfortunate—he never se mul to be in ord^r He
hoped certain genllem-u would not be so sensitive
Are tney a'M d ot the truib? It would apotdr so
from their est tssnes He would advi«e ¡hem to
keep cool, as m v as only deoiious io give them
the preface of wi it he intended to sa> on sone
other occasion, (rod being wills g and th  majon-
ty here concurring Gentlemen lad ass i eloier
and over ajam Wit ü.e Sul-Tr->p u^ na i been
condemned by the people at fie President al e ec
lion Was it hot legitimate to sin i thit -u<-h
was notthefact—tiiat the Whigs succeeded by mak-
ing false professions about economy—by n vesting
one humbug after «nother—and by making pio
mises and pledges h't they nevpr intended
to redeer? It would be recoiieet>d that,
when he unreduced a preatnthe and resolu-
tions the other morning, setting forh the pio-
fesstons oí ceririn Wh g leaders before the
election m regara to proscription for opinion's
sake, what a fluttering there was in the ranks of the
majority m the House The g?n lc~iaa from Geor-
gia, [Mr DiwaoN,] and others, e/eu obj-cted to
their being read, under the preience tnat tVy were
disrespectful to that majority.   Ay, indeed '   And
is it disrespectful to quote the very language of
Clay, and of Webster, and of Crittenden, and of
Bell, on the subject of removals? They alte ontended
that it was a great outrage to amove a public offi
cer on account of his political opinions They went
further they maintained that the President had no
power to remove without the consent of the Sena e,
and that he was bound to give the reasons for the
removal in every case. No, sir, no. It was not
because there was any thing disrespectful either in
the preamble or lesolutions to the Whigs here or
elsewhere, that made them so bilious. They did
not like to see the principles which they professed
compared with their practices There's where the
shoe pinched Mr. W read a paragraph from the
National Intelligences correspondent of this morn-
ing, calling upon the President to tumble overboard
ell the Democratic office holders; stating ihat the
country demanded it. And, as a sort of knock-
down argument in favor of such wholesale pro-
scription, said "you do no* know how we have sujfti-
edfov the last tuelje years '" Was this ll.e language
employed by th  Whig party wheu endeavoring to
upset the late Administration'! Far tro n it Then
proscription was a 1 wrong—the only questions
t ley would a^k would be, "!s he honest?"—"Is be
capable'" "Will he support the Constitution?" If
a public officer discharged his duty, he snouid be
retained, no matter what were his political opi-
nions. Now, what do we hear? We have "suf-
fered immensely for the last twelve years"—we
have fought hard—to the ' victors belong the
spoils," and we wait our pay Sir, they are get-
ting their reward rapidly. Moie removal" have
been made by this Administration m tke short spacp
of two or three months, than were made during al-
most every Admimstrai on since th  ougin ot the
Government And such a set have bofa pat m
their places'   Great God, on'y glanc^ ovpr the hst.
Mr. MORGAN of New York called Mr. W. to
order.
The SPEAKER sa.d the gentleman from Ten-
nessee was not in order.
Mr WATTERSON said no hing appeared to
be m order coming from the Democrats. He ap-
pealed to every man present, if, s nee the com-
mencement of this «ession, the Whigs had not
made five speec ics where the Democrats had
made one, and had not c msumed five t mes as
much time in debate. In view of this fact, it was
very liberal, to bt. oure, to call him to ordei so of-
ten
But if gentlemen were determined to apply tbe
gag, be it so They have the power, and let them
pxercise it to their heart't, content. A measure is
brought forward by the majority—they urge its
passage on t> e ground tnat the people decided in
its f vor by eke tig William Henry Hanson
President, and the mmirity are noi permitted tojom
jssue with trem upon the point lais is a beauti-
ful stale of th n°s, truly ' He presume 1 in i sh^rt
time th" hnd bi I would b° b ought forward, when
it would be contended that toe pscple had decided
tha' measuie at the Presidential election Not so
He believed it the question were put to the Whigs
of Tennessee to-morrow, whether from l ir«e to
five millions should be taken out of the Th asury
annually, and di tnbuted among the States, in
order to create a pretext for racing the tariff, a
nidjorit)—an overwhelming mpjonty WoU'J decide
against it
Here the SPFAKER ca'l d Mr W   to order.
Mr WVITLRSONsaid he knew he was not
strict y in oiJer, but just as much so as the Whig
speakers wno preceded him But if he could not
proceed widiom such frequent interruptions, he
would oid a-hen to the subject for the present and
take his  eat.
Mr CLARK of New York b ought th" deba'e
to a cb'-eby d mandmg the pieviuu qite«tion. He
said it was too true, he was sjrry to admit, that
hitherto, as the g nileman from Tennessee had
«aid, there had been five Administration speeches
to one on the opposite sieie All this log cabin
slang was quite out of date, and he would set the
example ot abstaimng from a consumption of the
time of the House, by demanding the previous
question
Tellers were called for on seconding the demand
for the previous question, and Messrs. Athertok
and BoARDMANWere appointed
And thp question being taken, there appeared—
ayes 94, noes 86.
So there was a second.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question,, but withdrew the
call.
Mr. WOOD of New York renewed it, and the
yea? and nays were ordered, and, being taKen, were
<ts follows yeas 114, nays 86.
So the mam question was ordered to be now
taken
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky inquired of the
Speaker whether, if the motion to reconsider pre-
vaded, it would then be in order to ¡noie to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on tbe state
of the Union"2
The SPEAKER rep'ied that it would.
M'. ATHERTON asked the yeas and nays on
the main question, (being on the motion to recon-
sider,) which were ordered, and, being tak^n, Were
as follows.
YEAS—-Messrs Adams, Allen, L W. Andrews,
S J. Andrews, Arnold, Aytrigz, Babeock, Ba-
ker, Barnard, Barton, Budseye, Blair, Boardman,
Borden, Botts, Bnggs, Biocku ay, Brenion, Milton
Brown, William Butler, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Thorns J Campbell, Caruthers, Childs,
Chittenden, John C Claik, Staley N Clarke,
Cooppr, Ctwcn, Cia^ston, Cravens, Cashing, Gar-
rett Davis, William C. Dawwn, Deberry, John
Edward--, Everc t, Fe^sender, Fillmore, A Law-
rence Fostci, T F Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gid-
dings, Patrick G- Goode, Graham, Green, Greig,
Hall, William S Hastes H=nry, Howard, Hud-
son, Hunt, James Iivm, Wuliam W Irwin, James,
Wiluam Cost Johnson, Isaac B Jones, J P Ken-
nedy, King, Lane, Lawrence, Linn, Samsrn Ma
son, Mathio', Ma locks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Moore, Morgan,Morns, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne,
Owsley, Peaice, Pendleton, Pope, Proffit, Ramsey,
Benjamín Randa'!, Randolph, Rayrer, Renchtr,
Ridgway, Rodney, Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd,
Simonton, Slade, Smith, Sollers, Stanly, Stokeley,
Stuart, Summers., Tahaierro, John B. Thompson,
Richard W. Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tom-
lmson, Tnplett, Tiumbull, Underwood, "Van
Rensselaer, Bdnard D. White, John L. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Christo-
pher H. Wil'ums Winihiop, Yorke, Augustus
Young, and John Young—118
NAYS—Mess s. Alfoid, Arrmgton, Atherton,
Banks, Bees >a, Bidlack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster,
A. V. Brown, C Brown, Burke, W 0. Butler,
Green W. CaM ?c 1, P C Cild well John Camp-
be 1, Cary, Clifio d, C'intpn, Coles, Daniel, R D.
Davis, Dawson, D_an, Dnnock, Doan, Doig, East-
man, J C Edwards, Egbert, Ferns, John G.
Floyd, Chañes A. r o}d, Fornance,W 0 Goode,
Gordon, Gustine, Harris, John Hastings, Hays,
Holmes, Hopl ins, Houck, Hubbardv Hunter, In-
fer.>oll, Jack, C. Johnson, J. W. Jones, Keim, A.
Kennedy,Le«is, Littlefield, Lo« ll, A McClellan,
Robert McC ellan, McKay, Ma'lory, Marcband,
A'fred Mar-hall, Jonn Thompson Mason, Ma-
thews, Med 11, MiHer, N* \ bard, Oliver, Parmen-
ter, Patndge, P^yne, Pickens, Plumer, Reding,
Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanfoid, Shaw, Smelds,
Snyder, Steenrod, Sumter, Sueney, Van Burea,
Ward, Watterson, Westbrook, J W Williams,
Joseph L Will ams, Wise, and Wood—90.
S3 the vote was reconsidered.
And tbe question recurr ng on the reference of
the bill-
Mr FILLMORE withdrew his motion to relet
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr POPE movtd to refer to the Select Coraniif-
teee on the Currency
Mr. PICKENS moved to refer to the Comr*iittee
of the Wr-o'e on the s ate of Ihe Union.
Mr PICKETS said that he considered the vote
of the House just taken to r consider was with a
view to take the bill from the Committee of Ways
and Mean?, and therefore it was that he had made
this motion He did not know how it came to pass
that the gentleman from Maryland had discovered
that there was an under current in that commit-
tee, and had given it as his reason for changing
