94
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Washington, June 16,1841
The President of the United States
 eab Sat' The undersigned were appointed by the citizens
and the City Council of Cincinnati, and by many of the surviv
ing soldiers of the late war, to apply to the widow and family
of. our distinguished fellow citizen, the late President of the
United States for permission to remove his remains from the
city of Washington to the State of Ohio foi interment They
have made the application directed, and have received permis
Bion to perform that sacred trust They have now the honor of
reporting to you their arrival in thiF* city, and of asking your
approbation of measures contemplated, and your co operation
m carrying it into effect
We are fully aware of the high estimate you placed on the
talents and virtues of our lamented friend and fellow citizen the
late Chief Magistrate of the Union, whose friendship and confi
dence you possessed many years We saw the tear fall from
your eye and mingle with the tears of the nation, when the #m
scrutable will of Heaven removed him from us
Knowing these things, we approach you with confidence, well
assured that you will justlyappieciate out motive foi under
taking the mournful duty we have been deputed to perform,
and that the same kind feeling wh ch has marked your cour&e
through life, will prompt you on this occasion to aflbid us your
countenance, and, if necessary, youi co opeiation
If it meet your approbation the committee will do themselves
the honor of waiting upon you at the President's House, at any
horn you may please to designate
With high respect, we are, your friends and fellow cm
zens,
J  BURNET
I  C   WRIGHT
TH D  CARNEAL
CHAS  S   CI AIÍKSON
EDWD woouiturr
Rurus HODcrs
L   WIfflEMAN
a Di)Pir\
D   A  POWELL
A  McALPIN
JOHN RLEVKS
Washington J me 17, 1841
Gentlemen Your lettei of the 16th was duly handed me,
and I lose no time in responding to the feelings and sentiments
which you have cxpiessed foryouistlves and those you repre
sent, and which you havt. coriectly ascribed to me m -egaid to
the lamented de tth of the late President As a citizen 1 respect
ed him as a patriot I honored him as a friend he was neai and
dear to me that the people of Cincinnati snouid de&ne to ¡veej
watch over his remains by entombing hi m real theircity ísboih
natural and becoming, that the entire West where so many evi
dences of his public usefulness iil to be foun 1 should unite in
the same wish, was to have been expected and that the
surviving soldiers of his many battle^ led oa by him to vie
tory and to gloi y, should sigh to perloim the last melancholy
duties to the rema ns ot then old comnmndei, is fully in ccn
sonance with the ptomptings of a noble and genctous sympa-
thy I could not, if I was aiithouzed to do &o oppose mj elf
to then wishes I might hn I something to ulge on behalf
of his native ¡state in my knowled e of his ctntinued autili
ment to hu through the whole penudof his useful life—m thr
claims ol his íelatives theie, whose desiit, it would be tint lho
mortal remains of the lllu triousbonsl oul 1 sleep under ¡he sime
turf with those of his distin_uished fithei one of the sign
ersof the Declaration of Independence—m the wish of thenu
zens of his native county to claim all that is now lelt of him f>l
whom they so lately cast their utmost unanimous suíímge to
say nothing ol my own feelings, allied, as I am byblool to
many ol his neai relatives anl with our names si close
lyassociated m much connected with the late exciting pi
liticai contest—these consideiations might piesent some lea
sonable ground for opposing your wishes liut the a ent
which ha3 been given by his it,specte 1 wid >w and neaiest íel i
Uves to the request of the people of Cinnnn in i funis t f i ( op
position on my part, neither in my in hvidual oí olfiuai cha
racttr
Ishallfeel it tobe my duly, however, to submit iui cones
pondence to the two Ilousesof C n sstiowmstssion butaiti
cipa'ing no eftoit dom tint quaifer to fliwait the wishes
expressed by yourselves m cons naite with tluse of
the widow and neatest relatives ol the late President I rei
dily promise jou my co opeiaiion towaul enablir g you to
fulfil the sacred trust which bioughtyou to this city
1 tender to each of you, gentlemen, lry cordial salutations
JOHN TYL1R
To J Burnet J C Wright and othets of the Committee
And, the hcur of 3 having arrived, the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 23, 1841.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
the city of New York, and from Oneida county, in
favor of the passage of a general bankrupt law,
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented resolutions of
the Legislature o' Micmgan, in relation to the
rules of proceeding in the Circuit Court of the
United States for tnat district, which was refeired
to the Committee on ihe Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
ns of Goshen, Indiana, m favor of the passsge oí
a general bankiupt la , which was referred to the
Ccrrvnwtee on the Judiciary
M  WRIGHT presented a remonstrance from
eitizet.ii nf New York, against the pascage of any
bankrupt 'aw at thf piesent session
Also, a neraonal from citizens of Oneida coun-
ty against the passage of any retrospective law
Also, a petition from citizens of New York in
favor of a bankrupt lav.
These memorials were all referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from a
number of ailizens of Michigan, praying that the
land office of the Saganaw district may not be re-
moved; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands
Mr TAPPAN submitted a resolution of inquiry
as to the estimated expense of the Senate printing
as represented in the bill making appropriations
for the present session, which he observed was
very nearly equal in amount to the same item in
the House.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky made some expla-
nations, which rendered a formal call unnecessary,
and Mr. Tappan did not press a vote on his reso-
lution.
The resolution submitted by Mr Buchanan,
calling on the President for lbs names of those íe-
moved fromofhee since the 4ih March last, was
taken up
Mr. BUCHANAN said if the resolution was not
to be opposed, he Had ns- desire to consume Ihe
time oí the Senate by making a speech upon it
Mr MANGUM thought it very inopportune to
discus > proscription in hot wealher. He had no
amendment prepared, but to-morrow, perhaps, they
might so arrange it as to have the names of those
removed since March, 1841, and 1899, in parallel
columns
Mr BUCHANAN ?aid he would not object,
provided it was the understanding that it should be
added upon to morrow.
The resolution was laid over.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to revive and extend the charters of the
banks of the District of Columbia was put on its
third reading, when
Mr MOREHEAD moved to recommit the bill,
wuh instructions to strike out the amendment which
had been adopted yesterday, preventing the banks
of the District from paying out or lending out the
nolps of anv suspended banks
Mr Mojifhfad stated the reasons which actu
ated him m making the moiion In voting for the
amendment ye terday, he had not reflected suffi-
ciently on the peculiar condition in which the peo-
ple of ine District would placed by the adoption of
such a feature
Mr MERRICK was in favor of the recommit-
ment of the bill, explaining at the same time the
manner in which the amendment would act, and
declaring that under such prohibitions the renewal
of the charters would not be a matter ol relief to
the peop e
Mr. MANGUM would not object to the recom-
mitment of the bill, but would suggest to the Sena-
tor whether it womd not better to so modify his
motion as to recommit without instructions.
Mr MERRICK ibouyht it would be better lo
let the motion ot the Senaior irom Kentucky re-
main as originally made. If the bill were sent
back with instructions, it might be reported with-
out delay, and avoid the danger of a new and pro-
longed discussion. He wished to make the vote
on the recommitment a test vote as to the retain
ing of the arm-ndment.
Mr. YOUNG commented on the inconsistency
of the reasons urged for the chartering of thess
banks. One reason put foi ward was, that it was
nece'sary to enable the banks of the D.stnct to
rpdeem 'hpir issues m specie Another, that the
entire circulation of the Distuct cunsisted of ihe
irredeemable paper of the banks of Maryland, Vir-
ginia, etc and it was necessary to drive that cir-
culation oa' by a circulation ledeemable in specie.
Another reason urgeel wis, that the business of the
banks might be revived and extended It was
right and proper that the^e banks should redeem
their issues in spf cíe, but what issues had they to
redeem'' As to dnu ing out the spurious circula-
tion of other banks, how was that to be ef-
fected by giving the District banks the liberty of
dealing in irredeemable paper, which, for the sake
of the profit on its depreciation, they would have an
interest m circulating 1 Ana as to the revival and
extension of the business of these banks, what ex-
tension of business will be prudent, or can they
safely make, if they have to pay m specie? If
they really intend to pay specie m any reasonable
time, they ought not to extend their business. In-
stead of discounting, they ought to do as other
banks preparing for resumption are doing: they
ought to confine their business to dealing m bills of
exchange, and do away with bills of discount alto-
gether.
Mr. Young then adverted to the manner in
which the New York banks, and the banks of
England, had sustained themselves in times of trial
by redeeming their small notes in specie, and, as an
illustration, mentioned a circumstance of a little
bank in the West, conducted by a gentleman of
his acquaintance, on the principle of redeeming
every small note issued by the bank the moment it
was presented. The cbn«equence was, that confi-
dence grew up in the circulation of thit bank, and
iK notes being a more convenient medium of cir-
culation than specie, were generally in use, and
. specie flowed more freely into the bank, and it had
always an abundance in its vaults.
Mr BENTON said the Senator from Ken-
tucky had received the thanks of the Senator from
Maryland [Mr Merrick] for his motion, and he
(Mr. B ) also thanked him, heartily thanked him.
When Ihe amendment was offered yesterday to
prevent these banks from bamboozling us by doing
business on the pafier of suspended banks, the
mere statement of the matter had the effect of pro-
ducing a vote nearly unanimous, as could be seen
by a referepce to Ihe ye?s and nays. In this body,
where par'y lines are strictly drawn, there were
but six Senators voting against it. The whole
thing passed sub siknlio, and the public mind took
no hold of it. When he proposed ihe amendment,
he considered it a proper opportunity lo bring be-
fore the people of the United States the great ques-
tion, whether they should have an exclusive paper
currency or not. He wished to call their attention
to this war upon the currency of the Constitution
—a war unremitting and merciless—to establish in
this country an exclusive paper currency. This
war to subvert the gold and silver currency of the
Conslitut on, is waged by that party who vilify
your brach mints, ridicule ¡?old, ridicule silver, go
for banks at all times and at all places, and go for a
paper circulation down to noiei of six and a quar-
tet cents He rejoiced that this question was pre-
sented in that body, on a platform so high that every
American can -ee it—the question of a sound or
depreciated currency. He was glad to see the ad-
voca es of Banks, State and National, show their
hand on this question Even their Great Regula-
tor which they propose to s?ddle on the country,
will suspend in two years after going into opera-
tion ir a time ot peace, and in one year in a time of
war, and remain suspended for twenty-six years,
as did-he B nk of England, whose example was
quoted with such approbation in the cotton bag let-
ter. A permanent suspension is what the banks
want, which will enable them to make millions out
of the people, and picayunes from the washerwo-
man, from the drayman, from the man who as-
cends foui stories on a ladder, with a hod of bricks
on his shoulder And this state of things, it is
gravely proposed in the American Senate to con-
tinue for three years—they might as well propose
three thousand—and this when we haveno petition
from the banks, and no bankers present that I can
see He a am thanked gentlemen for the mo-
tion, as the question was yesterday slipped by
without attract rg any attention, but now it is re-
newed, and the attention oi the American people
will be attracted by the debate—not from any thing
, he might say, for if he would merely shout, so as
" to mrfke them inquire what it meant, if was enough
—to look on £nd see it proposed to charter banks
in this District, for the purpose of dealing in de-
preciated psper
He considered banks, the largest as well as the
smallest, all animated by the same principle—all
in favor of circulating small notes, all m favor of
, being permitted to use depreciated paper The in-
terest of one Was the interest of all, and they would
fight as much for the smallest as the largest Yes-
terday the proposition was to allow these banks to
use depreciated paper, and to issue small notes,
