CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
and he supposed both these modificafosis were in-
tended to be made m commute, if it was recom-
mitted When the Bank of England commenced
operations., she issued no i ote oí ? less denomina-
tion than one h' ndred poiiLds sterling, and when
the no es wire pa d rito th  Bouv, ihey were cdu-
celled and de >r >yed Bu in th~ cour e tí one
hundred and three years she woi ted down from
one hundred pjurd nu't.. to one pound rote?
And when did they commence reducing he amount
of iheir noies? During the admin stra ion of Sir
Robert Walpde Wnen the not s goi down to
one p jund, specie wa  driven from circulation, and
went to France and Holland, and a suspcns.on of
six and twenty years followed
Why are banks so fond of sma1! notes'! Be-
es use they rea'ize a large profit from the wear of
tlvm W'en, a'the end of wenty-five years Par-
liament repealed tne privilege slanted to the B^nk
of England to í^ue i otes unüT five pounds, a
large amount \vt k. ou<tani' ng, ant though there-
peal took place t. oretrant'*entyyei!sago,yetevet>
quaittrly return of thf Bank no-/ <h/n s that mil-
lions of the e noles a^e still outstanding, wh eh aie
Ks'cr destroyed, aid never Mill be prestóle!.
And m woose hind„ are tu e sm-dl riot's bs in
those of ¡he w<isnern cm n—the labo'er—die mar-
ket v oman The «-u'lsticsof cu ne m Great Bn-
tam show, (hit o, ah the coui.tTieitt g ot bank
bil's and papir s'cunties in t' a  k>rgd <u , mo.e is
counterfeited en no e unde uve poun ,s tvnover,
and it is the same i\ 'hit. e^untiy On v t,cm dees
the lesi. i Í thee counterfeit no'es la'' On he
poor and the ignoran'—the lanorer in t t ie ¡p< ch
mc. Ileiiethee bank,, n fl[t,' a douo'e jr^-v
on the p our th's ts, and oi all tne evi s oí h"
bank Eg vj tern, 'tie mo t revol mg is its ímpo ms
unequal burdens en th .i portion of the n op e th
leaa ab e to bear f-em
Mr B 'hen instanced t cas  in poi"t of ?n I <•
surance Company m fe Lm , which, in viola
Hon of law, assumed banking pnv It «cs, and c r-
culated to a laree extent the, n itc> jf a suspended
bank Up toSa'uiday mgnt these no cs wee paid
out fiom its counter, ano n^ working men an I
mechanics of St L^-uis weie p^id the4r week's
wages in them. Well,  lu Monday morning
came, the Insurance C irepany refused to ¡eceive
o. e ot them and they frli ;>' tnce to fi^ty c°nts on
the dollar Thus t e laborer «.nj the méchame
had three days of thrir lrbor ann hiia ed, <i had
worked tlp.ee dajs for the ei„l imw be-f ht oi thos-
who ha I  wmdlca them, a"' a i this by a b-ink
having p wer to receive of it-fo^e wha' papt r ppy
please, and when they pkose. Ard the ¡a nate arc
now called upon to comer the same pnvue^e
upon the  banks of th s. Pi net.
Mr B sud it was agamst he immu'able nnn-
ciples ot justice—¡n op, ositon to God's moat holy
caion, to ¡flake a lung oi value to day, wmch
wid be of none to morrow You might as well per-
mit the dry goods meicvnt 10 calih.s yard mea-
sure thrse yards, or the grocer to call his qoart
three quarts, as to permit the banker to ca his dol-
lar three dollars. Tne e is no difference in pripc -
pie, though more subtle in the nunner of doing
it. Monev .s the standard o value, as Lie yard,
and the gallon, at d the pound wugnt, weie the
s andards of measure.
He then showed how the presert state of sus-
pgns on at the South ard We-t was caused by the
Bank of the Unned Spates, and though sne is now
prostrate m the dus—a mass oí tw al putrefac-
tion, yet the susjieusio! is s 11 continued b-ciu-e
it suits the Views 01 a gren polu cal pai y to con-
tinue i . It is cectinu d to pun sh u.e peopie fu
the.r  esisiarce to the olious mtasuies ot tn t
party The language \.as, we have tecsoied
w th the people long enough, we mast appeal to
their sufferings; wcmust mu h t^eir pockit nerve,
and they have cursed tht c untry with a pesti'ence
wor " ihan tne froijs of F^nt, uhicü veie found
m the kne ding tro i"h, nine t'ole, }• ad in'be
bri'al bca He c -wideied he «.pa a of the bio-
ken dtiKS wi < \ a ch the pe pit ei tnis couiitrj
aren wcred woise thin tn<> &ffl„noi ef th
peop.e ot Egypt. And this state of things «as to
continue until anoi er monster mad been c eated,
and th^n the  b^nks wil1 resume payments in a
day, and ihe glorious result will be attributed to
the wonder working effects of the establishment of
a Bank of the United States
And is the Senate of the United States to be
forced to tdkeaput in this unw ir hy game—o
c^n'mtiO Ais 'tate o, things for three yars, when
long b< ¡ore tha ti.ne the su«ptn ion p rty wdi be
ovtrtnnvn' \/hy not make the banks if the
Dis'r.ct take Side with the honest specie paying
banks of the ciun'rj, instead of the side ot the
broken and suspended on°s? and to ass st the banks
of Virginia and North Carolina n their efforts to
br.ng about a return to specie payments.
But it was said the people owe the banks, and
the question is not whether the banks are prepared
to re ume specie payments, but are the people pre-
pa ed to ppj t>>eu deKts to the banks ,n specie. Mr.
Biddle, m his tai ious cot on-oag lettc, with a great
deal oi permess, osked 'be quf3 ior, Are the people
of the United Slate0 prepare ' to r"v five hundred
m lhons in specie to the bank i Ah knos now, as
many believed tnen, thot the people owe the binks
compara' ve1/ nothing. Tn^t it is the p esidents,
and ca<hi°rv, and d r cto's of the bpnks .hat owe
¡he bail? Thii the banks ove themselves wm e
t i\ i wi> money t) eiery manin the country, from
tl t ri^ic'"ant down to the ho  black, who has their
"piomi e o pa/ on ■ dollar" m his pocket The
U. cu b a'es b nk is a i\\<- sample of all the rest,
a-d vheü w  h a' pathetic apreals made to us
aiout ne've, dsif> n the uerp ," it is the ha>-J.
sjipv o' hpr k preMden's, and h iik dircc oru thit is
m si th se ofiliU d .•"•P1 ernen, who spend thaty
tlvUsi ( dotli's in ftuni oil for to r dwellings
wh *h in iherpse'vcssi mel ftoey hav- nota lea '
six 1 aids of « r. on th i titles at d nier, and who
r 11 about a tneir snrnptuous coaches, with sp'en-
e.il equipase, and the co'f mon people have to jump
out oí u,e i way, ior fear of oeirg 'rodden down
and run over
\Vh"n Mr B ddle wote h s co"nn b'g Inter,
how much did he owe the oani? Millions Look
at ri residence a' Andalusia—the heautiful tem-
p'e, a miniatureof toe mammoth in Chestnut street
—and nts spi id d g'apery, on which he expended
forty thousand doi'ars—ind ail (he other appurie-
nancesofth t prmc 'ye 'abi snment. Where did
al! this roo, e> com  fion ' From th  fri nJs of
the Bank, and whi e he "as "his mil! on  in its
debt, wh t u po ver oí brasa d d it ^eeiuire to make
th  a eitien t,?t the p op'e owed i" And who
is it owe the b nks of tr; D str c* ' The farmer or
the macharle, when ne borrows rroney has to pay
it on a day certain, a'd ne his ti pay it or h>s note
is pi-otes ed, °nd mt e lamerc I foi the amouot
But the Dank pre id°nts, ba"k duector^, and bank
favours, have moie lemencj shown them, aid the
loan is extended mi iitti after mon h, and year r{.
ter } esr, as an examir at or of th ir b ¡ok'- would de
monstiate Tha pefp'<«had been taking lesions
from the e corporation schoolmasters for "ome
\ ears rast—they were apt scholars, an t were getting
an education rapidty. In a little while he thought
tney v. oi.lu gradúa e, and be able to do wi hout
'he r mas ^rs
B/!r BAitROW said he happened to be one oi
the nun) iy ot s x on uc vo'l of yesterday bv
which nie amendment of the S°natoi from Missouri
was adopted As the subject had now been cper
ed up, he woule1 sa/ a few words in de ence of the
vote he gave against that amendment He nou'd
not undertake to answer the Sesa'or fiorn Missouri,
because he cons.dered ah be hid urged irrelevant
Mr Barbow nen proceeded a sime lenglh >o com-
ment oa ' ie as trt co tha' >he peop e h<td been put
to scooi o Genera! JacK on op the subject ct
banking, ami Mr BdntoVs posuion thit, m three
vears, ¡hey would under-iand tne question of cur
rfcj, ¡id would coneiemn the new United
S'atts Ba> k Hj h„d, himrelf, for ten var-,
been tiung 'o fi d out a better pan, bin had
a >a.t 'eai ied tt-af the p ople we.e 'ond in de-
n u ■> üj 'h b °¿ plan of the Ser" clon Mi
<• u i "I' 'íoul not reoty to tha' S n^ o,'s a'gu-
rrenb on irr t^varn   •satte'     Be  had  ueam those
rgur-'ci N ">* regula 1/ as 'he voKe of the Chip-
lam invoking the b ¿ss ng of God n the Senatean i
u, iseasures He hid expee'ed v,oen the question
of the pew bank v owld come jp, that those wth
whom he is placed in contact, would thunder forth
agairst it, but did hope they would not consume
time m firiog their comments on the dead body of
the United States Bank of Pennsylvania.
Mr Barrow then went into the question of ne-
cess ty for passing this bill to revive business in the
D.strtct of Columbia, and called on the opposite
side to point out m it any clause authorizing the
banks it was lo charier to issue irredeemable pa-
per. In regulating that, the banks shall pay specie
on their own obligations. Congress would do all
it could be called upon to do Why impose on
them restrictions not imposed by any State in the
Union on its banks? [Mr. Barrow here went over
the whole g ound taken by the supporters of the
bill, reiterating all the arguments urged in its favor,
and concluded by, urging the recommittal of the
bill, wnh instructions ]
Mr. ALLEN said he wished it to be distinctly
remembered that there are no banks now in. the
District of Columbia. It is the purpose of this bill
to chapter six Yesterday, when he objected to it,
he did so on general ground-, but the gentleman
on the o'her side [Mr Merrick] advocated it on
the ground tnat it was to relieve the District from
th" enrse of an irredeemable and almost worthless
currency. That gentleman asserted that, unless
these banks were rechartered, the irredeemable
nctes of the suspended banks of Maryland and
Virginia, would continue the sole currency of the
District. And how did the gentleman propose to
reiredv the evil? By chartering six banks that
would redeem their issues in specie from the mo-
ment th>y would go into operation under their new
c laiter. In a few words, it would be the charter
of six banks whicn would displace an irredeema-
ble currency and put in its place a redeemable cur-
rency An! the great inducement held out by the
gen teman for chaptering these banks was, that
their lióles would immediately banish from the
District the worthless tiash with which it is now
inundated.
Mr. MERRICK explained that what he stated,
or intended to state, was, that it was necessary to
recharler these banks for the purpose of giving the
District a sound and wholesome currency; but it
was not his intention m "=aymg that, to mean that
they should exe'ude the notes of other banks. By
furnishing a sound and wholesome currency, re-
deemable in s-ptcie at home and within their reach,
t iat currency would b- preferred to an irredeema.
bis cuirency, ard in th s way the latter would be
withdrav n without being excluded
Mr ALLEN said the argument closed itself.
If the District banks are not to piy their notes in
irredeemable paper, this amendment cannot be ob-
jected to, it only proposes to prohibit them from
deaang in notes of other banus not paying specie.
Ihe whole argument of the gentlemen on the other
side, in opposition to the amendment of the Sena-
tor trom Missouri, is given up. The Senator from
Maryland thought he (Mr Allen) had mistaken
his argument in the form in which he had s.ated it
Bui he has re tated it himself, and what is n? That
the people ef the District s'and in need of a cir-
culation of their own, but on what gwund does he
say they want it' He answers, simply on the
ground that U would be ndsemable on the spot,
f he ques'ion, then, is reduced dewn to the re-
deemabiuty of the paper m circu'ation. And
it is or no consequence whether the banks
whicT issae that paper are one mile or one
thousand miles dis'ant, so as th°ir notes are
redee liable in specie If the circulation is re-
deemab e at pledsoie, it is of no consequence
\ h iVr ihe b^nks of tne Dr-'rict deal m their own
na s or m the notes of specie-paying banks which
are at a distance It is the redeeoiabdity of the
notes forming that currency, which is the whole
qm stion He (Mr Allen) would lay it down as
an axiom, tnat as long as the^e Distnet banks can.
paj out, 'n all their transactions ot business, the
iT<-eH?mab e paper of other bpnks, they never will
iss io a r.o'e of their own And why? Because, if
'lw y  'e bound to rtoeem their own ro'es m specie,
tpey are the s-ame to them as snecie, and they
would naturally prefei paying out a cuirency of
le s worth than specie. To lhus'rate this, suppose
one oí these banks ha  on its counter, on one side,
