96                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a batch of its own notes, redeemable in specie the
moment they are issued, and on the other a batch
of irredeemable paper of other banks at a discount,
because they are not redeemable in specie; and sup-
pose a citizen of the District presents a draft on the
bank; will not the bank pay oat the irredeemable
paper to a certainty, in preference to its own pa-
per? It cannot be doubted that it «ill prefer pay-
ing out that which is of less value by several per
cent, than its own paper. The irredeemable pa-
per is ten percent, under par, and the notes of the
bank itself are at par. What chance is there, then,
that it would issue a note of its own, as long as it
could get irredeemable paper to issue? What is
the effecii Instead of the banks of the District,
thus situated, providing a whelesome and sound
currency, as the gentleman anticipates, they in-
crease the circulation of irredeemable paper, be-
cause they make a profit on it equal to its depreci-
ation, and it is their interest not to issue a note of
their own.
These banks are to be chartered, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri be rescinded,
that they may pay specie on their own notes, but
to be allowed to deal in the notes of other banks
not paying specie. What will be the consequence'
That they never will put a stamp on a nete of their
own. They will deal entirely in the irredeemable
paper of the banks of surrounding Siates And mus,
the circulation of irredeemable paper becomes t e
legalized act of Confess. The question to recon-
sider the vote adopting the amendment of the Se-
nator from Missouri, ¡s, simply a question whether
Congress is or is not to legalize an irredeemable
currency in the District of Columbia.
It was no wonder that legislative action should
be demanded by banks to legalize any thing they
ask. The Rubicon had been passed when they
ascertained that they could suspend in defiance of
their charters, and that by suspending they strength-
ened themselves, and controlled the laws that were
to control them; that they were then in a condition
to exact, not only exemption from puni-hment,
but a reward for their violation of law, by legal
authority to continue their suspension. Let the
murderer on the high road be assured that instead
of punishment for hi"- crimes, he will, by putting
the laws at defiance, be protected, and what man
in the community will be safe trom a cut throat'
Banks may violate their charter , and commit wi h
impunity any breach of the law—may te rewarded
for it with additional immunities, but private citi-
zens must pay the forfeit of the slightest infringe-
ment of the laws. An individual commas some
« violation ot law He 1  tried fur it, and no evi-
dence ot his previous worlb, no services which lie
may have perfoimedfor his country, can be admitted
as a set otf again t bis offence—nothing can palli-
ate it—nothing indemnity him But if a corpora ion
commit acrime a tnou*and times mole extensive, mits
range of mischief, reaching to the remotest h?m ets,
and robbing the inmates ot the poorest dwellings,
plundering the laboitrs of their earnings, and the
very law-makers—he would not call them law-
maker", but legislators—the vciy legislators who
enacted the laws these corporaaons. have violated,
give them indemnity—mdemntj, too, tor tne most
flagrant and contemptuous disregard of th  laws
These corporations come 10 their legisla ors and --ay
to them, "Wg rouul not help u, we were obliged
to cheat the people, 01 s nk ouiselves, we arecome
to demand oí jon a privilege to go on ana plurder
the people as long as we can, under the «anctiun < f
your authority, and protected by the shield and
sagis of your approbation "
►• Now, this grave body is called upon to take
charge of the happiness of this Distncf and to se-
cure the people of it against the irredeemable car-
rency of the neighboring Siates It is told if it is to
dj this, it must be by chattering these six banks
with power to deal m irredeemable paper.
Bat it is not a question of rechaner. The sole
and soliiary question is, whe her Congress s¡lall
charter derova six banks of the District ol Coin in
bia, with power to deal in no'' ¡> of suspended
banks, to legalize tae continuation and mciease 01
an irredeemable currency. With a perfect know
ledge of the result, knowing that every condition of
such charter  is at the mercy of the banks them
selves; that they may violate law, and will be in-
demnified by those who make the law, that they
are but chartered plunderers of the people; who that
goes for banks can say they do not do so with a per-
fect knowledge of their crimes? He (Mr. Allen)
would say to the opposite side, "Stand forth from
among you the man who will say the whole bank-
ing system of the country is not rotten to the very
core; and yet who is not ready to perpetuate that
very state of things, wherever and whensoever an
opportunity offers." And this is legislating for the
people of the District of Columbia' What is there
in this bill to show it is for the benefit of the peo-
ple' What is therein it to restrain the banks
from taking the last bed from under the poor
laborer or mechanic who is of the people? Look
round the streets of this cttv and see the misera-
ble furniture of the poor offered day by day for
public sale, to pay their debts Does the misery
or destitution of trie owner exempt his effects from
the operation of law' No, he is one of the peo-
ple. Is it so with these banks when they owe the
people? Are they made to pay their debts by the
laws? No, they may violate the law and then
come up here and ask their violat.ons to be le-
ga hz d. This is the way the pcop'e of the District
of Columbia are to be benefited by chartering these
banks to deal in irredeemable currency.
fie, and the fn >nds with whom he acted, had
been taunted from the other side with saying the
ssme things over and over against banking institu-
tions. This would not prevent bim and them
from repeating again and again what he and thev
had to say on the subject. Truth makes no im-
pression on those who aie unaccustomed to it, till
it is repeated again and again B/ dint of knock-
ing incessantly at obtuse substances, some impres-
sion may be made, at least he and his friends were
determined to try the experiment. The Senator
from Louisiana [Mr Barrow] had commented with
some force on t^c fact, that there was a great re-
semblance in all the speeches delivered at this side
ot the Cnamber. He (Mr. Allen) admitted the
force of the remark. It w,is necessarily so, for it
grew out ef the tact that, m principle, he and his
friends were uniform and indivisible. Whenever
there is umformityfand harmony of principles among
men, thtir thoughts and their utterance of them
will posees*, naturally, great similitude. Great va-
r ety and diverging ranges of speech-making be-
longed to those who possessed great variety of opi-
nions and discordant principles. The only
wonler wa«, how such discordant elements
could be brought to bea<- on any fixed purpose,
but there was a memo able example that they
could, in the late Presidential canvass, on
which occa ion gentlemen on the opposite side
were found in ore State making speeches against
Abolition, in ano her in favor of it, at one place
predi bmg m favor of a United S'ate Bank, and
at another denou icing it in unmeasured terms, at
one end of the Union advocating the wi!dcsr
schemes of distribution of the sales of public
lands, and at another recommending caution,
making speeches here for and there against the
Anumasons Yet great and versatile as were their
opinions and principles, all uniting upon the one
man who, m the Presidential chair, was to be the
exponent of every shade of opinion and every
motley principle.
But it na< no wonder that the Democratic party
used a umiorm language. Men who move straight
foiward to their object, do not leave tne short uu-
vaiying oath which leads directly to it They
have sing enes* of purpose m their thoughts, and
th-reioie there is umiormi y m their speech And
as to repeating their sentiments, n is part of their
creed to do so, for they believe ¡he truth cannot b°
repeated too often, and witiout deviation Such
and so great is the dense mass of error and misre-
presentation whic'i they have to combat, that it is
only by m'erated blows of uniform intensity J
can be demolished.
We shill continua to repeat these things, (ob-
served Mr. Allmj,) for we have to wake up the
countrv. The people hav •  to be roused to a sense
of th¡ ir danger. And when they throw off the
slumber of delusion, and become wide awake to
the true principles of your banking system, its ad-
vocates in this chamber will fly from it as rats flee
from a burning barn. Not a man on those seats
(pointing to the opposite side) will be found ready
to say, "I was an advocate of the system."
How was it when the great monster was in
full blast—when she was lavishing her blandish-
ments on the gentlemen and their friends? No
language that could be devised by the rul-
ing genius of the party, none that could
be drawn from the wells of literature, or
fountains of poetry, not even from Shakspeare's
stores, was founi adequate to the eulogies heaped
upon the Great Regulator, and her pure, enlight-
ened, immaculate President. But now, not one
spirit from that vasty deep, (pointing to the Ad-
ministration side of the chamber,) can be conjured
up to iather those eulogies, or screen the subject
of them from merited obloquy. Their favorite
monster  i« now dead, and its swe'terag corse is
ccst on he „ ih heaps in the street, a moral putres-
cence of rottenness, and the gentleman have fled
prscipi ately from the stench of its pestiferous car-
cas^, as they would from any thing foul, loath-
some, and pestilential. To do just ce to the Se-
ra'or from Kentucky, it was some two years since
he took occasion, with his usual tact and foresight,
to cut himself loose from any contact with the
rotting monster. When its baleful breath began
to taint the contiguous air, he fled from its
embiaces in t m<>. He fled early enough
not to be within reach of the plague blotch,
which its dying throes would create. Yes, two
years ago, he.who was her counsel in the closet,
her adiocate m the forum, and ter Ajax in the
fieid, deserted her, and left her the prey of her im-
miculate financier. It thought then it was better
to suffer on than to lead on, ard boasted of having
absolved itself from its fatal connection with the
Genei.-si Government. Then it was that the im-
maculate financier said he had abdicated politics.
Napoleon at Fontambleau abdicated; but it was
not, as he said, m favor of his son, but at the point
of the bayonet. Mr. Biddle was going to be ho-
nest, and would not embarrass himself in political
broils This was a sufficient hint to politicians;
and, accordingly, they fesgan to look a little sharp-
er, till they saw a rotten spot. The moment
they discovered it, they fled from it, and now
there they stand, and not one of them will
utter a single syllable in favor of the s encu-rais-
mg monster. That abdication took place in the
form of a letter from Mr Biddle; but it was not
an abdication m iavor of his son. He was sent
off 10 Elba, and then to St. Helena, but his son,
the King of Rome, was not raised to the throne;
for «mother dynabty was on the tapis—a dynasty
moie i ffioient in despotism, to be supported by all
the puurs of power, f>om the largest to ihe smallest
in tae land They are to stand around thii monster
and keep it irom bung pulled down by repeal—a
measure that was yesterday designated civil war,
but a word on that hereafter, suffice it to say, that
no threats as to the expedition or violence with
which this new monster is to be brought into ex-
i tence will terrify those who are apposed to it, or
prevent them trom strangling it m its birth, if they
can, and if they cannot, trom waging a never-end-
ing war against it, till it is laid prostrate by repeal.
Tne parents of this new monster were not so nume-
rous or formidable as to discourage the determined.
The new monster'will not have sufficient means to
pay the legion of its defenders, as well as the old
mons er paid them. The thirty rullions will not
hold out long amongst so many grte ly for the prey
As they are gorged and drop off wnen no more is
to be gi t, we will keep on steadily waging war on
the exhausted monster till we cut the ligament
which is to connect it with the Bank of England
and give British influence a preponderance in this
country. For, what e\^e 1S t},ls monster to be, but
a branch of the Bank of Englaid? It is reserved
for the American people, under this dynasty, to see
t>>e sp-nae'e of their Government going into cohoot
with the aristocrat nobhlity ot England, m an insti-
tution, the capital of which is to be furnished and
to be influenced by Great Britain. How else is it
to be furnished' You Jhave no surplus capital of
your own to spare. The capital for your monster
will have tobe subscribed in England; and of this the
