9É
,_______         —Tus:-?*™      .i                                           •*<    rea—.-&■------~f<-    '* *•-----*—
of Ways and Means were discharged from so much
of the President'*, message as relates to the subject
of new fortifications, and it was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs
On nation of Mr. W. C JOHNSON, ibe Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union was ,
discharged frcm the consideration of the bill report- I
ed. yesterday ' to appropnate for a limited time the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands of the
Uoi'ed States, and for granting lands to crtam
States," and the same was referred back again to )
She Committee on Public Lands.                               '
Mr. J. exp'amed the object of tbis motion to be I
that certain modifications might be made to the bill.  I
Mr. GOGGIN offend the following reso ution
which was adopted :                                                  I
Resolved, Thatthe President of the United Stales be lequest    i
ed to communicate to this House, if not tleei led incompatible
with the public interest, any correspondence which may have   '
taken ptace between the Lxecutive and our ministers or agents   j
abroad and others relative to the tobacco trade between this and
foreign countries since the last communication rr-ade to this
House on thatsubject
Mr. PIOhJuNS offered the following resolution-
^Resolved, That thetíeuetary of State bedireued tocomrru
mcateio this! House the list ol newspapers (il any) that miy
be under a mortgage, as to the pisss, type, matenal, or sub
acripuon hst, to the Department of *. ate, or any othti Depart
mentof this Government, and, also, that he communicate- the
conditions of said mortage, the time and the cncumsiances
under which it was given, and if any mortgageof ihe kind lias
been redeemed within the last six month*, that liealso commu
nicate the terms upon which it has been redeemed
Mr. MORGAN o.jeced
Mr. PROFFIT hoped ihe otjection would not
be insisted en, but that the inquiry would by made.  '
Mr. MORGAN persisting n bis objection, the |
resolution lies over one day.                                      ,
Mr TRIPLETT oflered the following i solu-
tions (which ire those offeied at the last session of
Congress, but not then received )
1   Resohed That the investment in thestocks of (heseveril
States of this Union of funds held by theGoveimncmol the Lm
ted States, intiu t, is, to the amount oí the sums °o invested,
and of the intetest thei eon, an assum, tion by the United States j
of the debts of the said seveial folates, in the event of their
failure punctually to pa> the * tmc
2   Resolved, That the purchase, by authority of any Ex
ecutive department of the Government of the liinted States, of
the bonds of any of the states of this Union, at their nomiml
value, or with a premium thereon, and the subseouent mof
Ihe same bondsat a dm ount, is an tinwanantablt and wasteful
dilapidation of the ( ublic funds
3. Revolved, That it is the duty of the Executive Oovcm
mentol ihe United-tates to icquire of the Got eminent of each
and every State ol this Union in whose stocks investments of
the public moneys held m trust by the Government ol ihe
United states have been made, punctual payment, m specie or
its equivalent, of the interest stipulated m the sai i stocks, and
repayment of the principals an soon as p i sitie, bv the lei ins
of the contracts upon which such stockshaveseveially betn
issued
i Resolved, Tint the further investment of any public
funds of the United Stites in slocks of the sevei tl Mates
ought forthwith to be prohibited by h  and that the Com
mitteeof Ways and Means be lnstiuuedtoiepomb II foi that
put pose
Mr. A. V BROWN of Tenne«see offered Hit foi-
owing resolution*
t^Re>olved by the Senate and Hmse of Jie resentatnei of
the United states of Ameiuam Congress as e lied Iwí
thuds of both Houses corwuTiini; lint Hie following am ill
monttothe Constitution of the United States be piop ..id to
the Legislauntsof the scleral Stites which, when milieu"
hy the Legislatures of three fourths of the States, shall bo
valid to all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution,
to wit
"No person who shall hereafter beelected Piesident of the
V, 'ted States, and who shall serve as such the peuod of
/our years or any part thereof, shall le agim e] gib'c to ihal
office This disability not to extend to any penen t n whom
the office or the duties ol the Piesident may have devolve I
by reason of the death, lesignation, or lcmoyal of the Piesi
dent.
Mr. B. moved that the lesolu ion be refened to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of ihe
Union; and be printed.
Mr PICKENS inquired if ih  resolution in-
tended to embrace the present President, and to
exclude him from running a second time; for it dp),
he (Mr. P.) would oppose it, as the time might
come when he would be m favor oi the pr>stnt
President for a second term He did not 1 now,
bat did not wish him to be excluded H' would
wait events,
The SPEAKER was underwood to say, m reply,
it did not.
Mr. STANLY moved to lay the resolu'ion on
the table.
Mr. J. C. CLARK rai^el the point of order,
that, under the rule reported from the Committee
of Rules, this resolutit n was not m order.
Mr. BROWN said that as he had submitted this
resolution, he would ask to say a word or two
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon the points of order. He would merely refer
the Speaker to an express decision made by him
jesterday on the propesitton of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. King,] with regard lo certain
maps. An objection was made by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr PRtppiT] to the reception of the
resolution, and the Cnair decided tnat it was in or-
der. If gentlemen would remember, there had
been fifty or an hundred propositions already re-
ceived and acted upon, under that decision of the |
Speaker, which would have been rejected under the
rule as now con'ended for All hi desired was,
that the Speaker would adhere to his former deci-
sion, and at ihe proper time he (Mr B ) shou'd be
enabled to obtain the <ense of the House on ihe
proposition which he had submitted.
Some conversation followed between eeveral
members, after which
The SPEAKER decd d that the resolution was
not excluded under the ru'e, but that, if it gave rise
to debate, it mus' lie over one day.
Mr. STANLY said, that be'ng the ca>e, lis
would withdraw his tnot'on to lay on the t^ble
He was nst t pposed to the principle of the resolu-
tion.
So the resolution lies over one day.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered the following re-
solu ion, which lies over one day under the rule:
Resoaed That tne Secretaries of Sttte of the Treasury,
Wai, and Navy Departments and Postmastei General, be di
leued toiepoitto tins House the rames of all persons who
have been removed from ollice, and the names of all persons
who have been appointed m thur places since the 4th day of
March last
Mr. C. H WILLIAMS offered ths following
resolution, i*hicb lies over one day under ihe rule:
Resoli ed, That a ° leer conmntee of twenty six members,
one Irom each sute be i) pointed, whise duty it shall be to
lepoit a bib to tris house as eaily as pnctic ible, foi the ap
portionuie i of liepicseni-uivcs among [he seveial States ac-
coidingti ihe sixth census
Mr PENDLETON offeied the following reso-
lution, which lies over one dav for consideration:
Resolved, It is the opinion of this House that it is the duty
of the present Coneress to establish uniform laws on the sub
jectof bankrupted throughout the Ignited States, and that
the Committee on the ludiciaiybe insttucttd to report a bill
foi that purpose at the pi esent session of Congress, and in
time lor the action of the House
Mr. E D WHITE offered the following reso-
lution, which was adopted-
Resolved That the Commute! on Commeire be directed
to lnqune into the expediency of repotting a bill to extend the
timitt. of the i cut of IM w Orleans
Mr PROPFlT oflered a resoluurn, which was
read at the Clerk's table, the object o! wh ch was
to raise a select committee in relation to the Cum-
berland road.
Mr. MOORE of Louisiana said that if was evi-
dent now to what results, the decision of the Speak-
er nould lead, and he submitted that thtb resolu-
tion was not in order.
Mr P said he hoped tfere would be no objec-
tion to this, at any rate.
After some ' i*cussion on the point or ort'er,
Mr PROFFIT withdrew the resolut on
THE TARIFF
Mr. RANDOLPH asked ihe House at th s time
to take up and consider a memorial presented by
him yesterday in relation to the operation of th>"
prestnt tariff" laws upon the iron manufacturts tf
ihe country, (which petition, giving rite to a de
ba e, had b^en laid over yesterday on a tnotun to
pnn' )
And the House havipg consented to take up ihe
memorial,
Mr RANDOLPH expressed hi-surprise that any
objection shou'd have been matle lo the printing.
The memorial vt as a short one. The only reasons,
he suppi -ed, which could exut for this objection,
were lo be looked (oi either in rigid ideas of econo
my, or in ihe opinions set for h in the memorial it-
self. It was a memorial on the suhj'ct of the iron
manufactures and t e operation tt the pnsent
tariff. It came f'om a practical man, and em-
braced that specie' of mformatitn of wfa'ch this
House stood much in reed.
There were «everal s'atisltctl tables, &c and be
hoped that no serious objection would be raised
against the printing.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS said, if tte printu g
|   would stop there, he should have no < ejection. But
i   if tt^e House ordered one memorial to oe printed,
it must order all.   If the reason ¡urged for the
printing of the memorial in this ca«e was sufficient,
it would be considered sufficient in all others And
for ths purpose of putting a stop to it, he hoped
the House would not agree to the priming of this
memorial.
Mr. BIDLACK -aid he hoped the House would
consent, asa matter of eccnomy, to the printing of
this memorial, btcause it was on the subject of
the unequal operation of the present tariff law
upon the iron manufac'unng interests of the
Union. The views presented in this memorial would
bring to the knowledge gf the members of ihe House
matters upon which they might be called to act,
and m a cheaper \\ay probably than it ctuld be
done by lengthy speeches; and some of the. mem-
bers who had constituents deep y interested in tms
manufacture wou'd be bound to go wio arguments
on the subject, if ihe H< use relusedto punt this
memorial. He had in his possession a resolution
which, had he teen in his teat at the moment his
name was called, he had intended to present, di-
recting the Committee on Manufactures lo inves-
tigate this subject. He hoped, therefore, as it was
a matter affecting one of the grem and leading in-
terests of the country, tl e House would not re-
fuse to print ihe memorial.
He intended shortly to ask the indulgence of the
House to enable him to present the resolution to
which he had referred.
Mr. ADAMS fopel, he said, that the House
would agree to the printing ot this, memorial, and
that the Representatives of that intetest m the
United State , wtveh consisted of the friends to a
prctective system, would, m the present sesión,
come to some under-landing with one aDoiher.
He regretted deeply that a p-TpoMtion made by
anoiher gentleman from Pennjylvan a [Mr For-
S4NC1.,] two or three c'ats ago, had passed away
irom the consideration of the House, and he re-
gretted that it had done so by ihe action of the
friends of that very memorial. It was a memo-
rial from the State of Pennsjlvam?—from th.s
same interest. And members in this Heuse were
playing at cross purposes on thu. subject.
A gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wise] had
said, some days ago, in relation to this interest,
that he would look out for Republicans wherever
he cosi'd find them against it. He (Mr. A ) would
look out for Republicans wherever he could find
them m favor of it. Gentlemen might depend
upon it that tl ose who opposed them on this sub-
ject understood one another, and that they acted
toge'her with a corcerted and united action.
He hoped that the whole de'ega'ioa from Penn-
sylvania would set aside all inferior considerations,
and most esfecially all par y, factious considera-
tion;., and that they would lefl ct what their inte-
rest was on this great queo'ion, and trat it was
time that ihey shou d come to an understanding
«i h one ano htr, and c< me toe understanding
wn'i ihost. who were in fat or of the same interest
in this House, The su! ject was one involv.ng the
great quest on between frte labor and slave laboi.
It wis the great q bestión between compromises and
apiotcctive tanff, ard if there was a majority here
determined against all protect'on of dou •.tic indus-
try, let us know it—let us know of whrm that ma-
j irity con'ists. Let us know of whom thit parly
con ists who were in favoi of prctec'ion, and who
they were that were in favor ot counteracting ihe
adion of foreign Governr/ients against ths native
industry of our own people.
Mr. A here adverted to ihe recent prceeedmgs
in the British Parliament in reLtion to free trade
and the corn laws and to the defeat which ¡he Bri-
tish Mmisiry frad sustained (hereon. He hoped
that, before the Arrencan nation undertook *o act
nprn such a system, they v. ould have s mething
more before ihetn than the report ot a committee of
the Brit'sh Parliament Let the Bulish Govern-
ment <>et the example oe f-ee Hade, and it would
then be lime enough for us to meet them in that
spirit.
He hoped the printing would be agreed to, and
he wished it was in the power of the House to re-
consider the vote by wnich the pre position of ihe
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fobnance]
had been thrown out of the power of this House.
He hoped the subject would be considered at this
