CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ÍÓ$
One of the amendments of the Constitution, was. to
guard against any poss ble assumption of such a
right An 1 why? It was subsequent to the pas-
sage of a law, of which this new ukase is bat a
supplement—a law passed in 1798, cil'ed the alien
law aad sedition act. under th t law parttcalar
offwices were created itr the first time—but,
more human  and merciful than this uka«e,
also conferring power to tiy olTmces by jury b-fore
a court of juUice. He road the sec'iun oí the act
corfemng on the couit the potver to punish for an
offinc- sweated by the . ct itself. This is quite as
geneial as the ukase of the present Executive De-
partment, from which he had airead} qaoied There
lsnotungii it e lecific, as to the identity of ihe
cnine created. Wiat would br ng one p rsoa or
thug into contempt, wou'd not bring anoth"r It
woutd depend altogether on the whim of the jury or
the cipn-s ot ho ju'ge You cannot brins* any
thing into conto-np un'ess itment<i i. Fals heod,
m to- abstract, could no* bring Congress into con-
tempt, nei ttr could it bar g an uprignt man into
ctntempt. But it wa. not the question of con empt
was at i sue, but it was th «, Did the Constitution
coiiier on dngress pever to rrnke this law' Tnat,
and tnat a'one, was tre question !t was the ques
tion on vhicri M d son and JePerson so trmm-
piamly fougnt the political ba ties of ihe country
lor years, td \¡ tory crooned their effort
Mr McRts rts heie advened tn the act in ad-
dition to the act oi 30 h April, 1199, entitled "An
.act for the punis^m^nt oí certain crimes agw.st the
Uní ed S a es," ajd read the following passage
' Ind be it fin ther enacted, That if any person shall ttute,
! rin uttet, orp tbllsh, or shall cause oi piocure to V wutteu,
> in ed uuerc i, orpuo shed or shall knowingly or w Ihngly
a si t oi aid m writing puntm^, uttering or publishing any
any use s anUous an I malicious writing oi writings a ainst
tl C tveloment of the United states, 01 eithci House ol the C< n
git s of the Lnit^d states, or the Pte^ident of the Uni td
baa, with intent to detame the *ai 1 (. wernment, oi etthei
j!o i t. ol the s^id Lo i ne s oi the said Ptesi ent or to bung
then, oi e thet of ¡hum ir to con "ippwu dtsiepute ol fiex
citi- i«\i st tbem ti eithei or any M them the hatied ol the
good people ol the I nite 1 bates &-c shall be punished by a
tint, not exceeding tw > 11 i a 1i doi ai*, at d by unna o i nt
rut c\crte Unst two \ei s —3rJ ap1 o%ed 11th July, 1;0 ,
lot 3, chap  91,page 93, sect ¿
Tne'-e «as another law parsed at ihe sam  time,
the «ame in crineiple as this ul a^e. He would call
at  nurn to this passage frt m it •
B" it en icted &c lhat it s lall be lawful fot ÚV Presi
t >* ut the \ nets ateb, -u aiy time luring the con inuance
ol t it T-t to ordei all such aliens as he stall judge dangerous
to ill*1 p ace and sale^y of the huno 1 ¡states, oi shall have rei
e n iblc giounds to sjsftíe arecontetned m iny tieasonao oi
cict ni china to is ag in t the Cover íment theieof to depait
o d el me teintoiy ot the U it d ¡states, within such time as
-ha I be "xpiessed m such older '
\i d again
'   \nd incase any a! en so orjieiolto depait  shall he found
a large within the United   a es ai ci the une I nut 1 ni  uch
Older lor hi  depaittue   tnd t ot h i\n z tb dinul t h en e i ini
the Pil lie it to lesi 1c llieuin oi   lnvng ob a nedsuch h e s,t.
<?u     otba^c  onl in   ltifieio even sun i alio is ldll on con
\ c l   i heienf be un  i   :> ltd f n a ta n not exceeding three
yt,t s at t s   ti i       i tí   i h   a Urn   c I to bt o ne a cmz n of
tt¡   V itf l *-i t"     cs.      (^ o    3 í   d[   75  page 6b sec 1, act
it «ill  be  p rlL ved t'i?'  trie Prtsident of th"
Uat'e I Stales, ft any t .ne d j ¡r^ the cntnuance
o   tn s ac , siaU   >se t u' ^ io  order al   ,-u"ii
a'teT., as  h" r.i-    ji'c;e   f'rfise'o «, to qnt   tne
cod'iirj.    íí-'ie h   opu i< n malíes the ofitnoe and
he is consti u ed jad e andju'v to'iy it.    Tins, if
all tneusuipa n   oí tv  Federal ss of '98   h-id
aUva>sa^pea eltohira (Mr     cRcbeui' ) themist
odious pud üespo'"    Tnj Emp^ioi N chu'as of
Ri.ssia does nut pos e s sach d sr>otic fower    It
wasfor.anp'e fo  a laig  port on of the ci iz ns of
come dis<riC*  in l e Slate whtci  he (Mr McRo-
Bí al ) hai the h«nii to rep's o C, w>o are > o' jet
iiaiuril z a, lIt =>t 'ms <-ct *a  nt   in fo ce at the la'e
tl CiOQ t r Pie i ei', ( r, «s the,  art a'ino t  all
votersonthe D¿ tcci it cEide, t e> mi¡>h ,now that
pr ser p tc, '« luan ,;    o '  gh, be on tbe rrou'e
to Canpf'a, cr perl d¡s N w Sou h Woles, foi l a -
i « ¡art Incr c  e &•     r eh s js Ireim n   Eten
tv ncMesjr*. of v iin, w' o, io a ira'i, hseper t >  e
De n c «• t , w cu M b   Un h í u dir ir s*ket t re -n
tie homes the)   nil  'e'et id   in  ihe   Slate  «hi h
tieyhad iougrtasati asy'iim  ot the  oppress d
The   framers of   the Cons i u ,on   of   that Sla e
hidargufd thu«-   No po-jei is convened upon  he
Q re al Gowmmmt to regulate ther ght of voun1.
'ihe power to pa«s natursbfition  laws, does net
necessarily   include   it    Congress has never &t-
temp'ed by any law to prescribe who should, or
who should not v te. The whole subject has been
left entirely to the States Who eiecied the first
President? Not person wh > h,' been naturaliz d
unJer the laws of Congre^, ba* the electors
whom the Sto'ci had author z->d to vote The
tramers of ta* Cois i uuou of that Stale theretoie
held that mty had the power to legulate the e ee-
tivd franchise,and to permit alcns to vote upon
'he tfrms mpos«d in the Con tituaon.
[Bere Mr McRobürts .reftrred to a pamphlet
he had recently received from some Native Ame-
rican Socu'ii, con'ammg strictures on the alien po-
pulation of h,s Sa*e, and, advert.ng to the large
port on t f ihe Engl sb, who went with the Whigs,
and formed a counterpoise against the Irish and
German', «ho went with the Democrat, urged ihat
the preseit Admim>tration would gam no hing by
the cruande of Native American Societies, míü-
nojs, and ih n, reverting to the ALen and Sedition
laws, continued ]
Ihe power of the Federalists in '98 had pissed
these two acts, but that very abuse of power was
the cause of ihit pany being hurl-d wi>h popular
mdistnation from their h'gh places. And the judg-
ment of the countty now stands recorded on the i
in the recent act passed in Congress, to refun I to
the heirs of Mauhew Lyon the unjust and iniqui-
tous line mil Ciel on h m under tntise laws. Com-
Prt'e ihe Ac s ( f '93 with ihe uka«e of ihe pie-ent
S.cretary of S tie, and they tvi'l be lound humane
and just in contra t wim it. Both ot the act of
'98 gue the right to the accused ot be ng furni hej
with copies ot the charges against them Tney
were to ha/e a lair trial by jury, in a public court
ofjust.ee. And, above all, ih<-y were allotted to
plead the truth in justification.
Mr. McSoberts here suspended his rema'ks,
on an intima ion from the Chair that the hiur fur
the. transaction of morning business had termi-
nated.
1 he Senate then proceeded to the consideration
ot the special oidi r—
FISCAL B4NK OF THE UNITED STA7ES.
The b 11 to me rpocpie thesu'o«cnb rs to the Fis-
cal Bar k of thd TJnik d S a'ts, b^ing the special or-
d.r of the d iy, was taken up, and th hrst section
of the hi 1 having been read—
Mi CLAY adire^ed he Senate at length in ex-
planation oí the various provisions of the bi 1, and
tne reasons for them. He conckded with exhort-
ing the iiiendj ot the institution not to sacrifice it
on account of differences in opinion as to the de-
tails Be altiideu to the many p opositions betore
ihe puolc re pecttrg a Naliona' Bank, and said
that fíese d v_erse and imfl cai.} tews tuinish'-d
an ad 'i lona! motive for the trompt seiii ,n nt ol
tne q jesm n He lirm y be ie\ed tha' a la'ge poi-
tion ot ne peop e ot ,h s couptry wtle in faioi ot
the estpbhshment oí a ÍJnutd S ates Bank Tnat
(i>is feeling kas not confined to the Whig paity,
hut went far btyond it Tnat a large nvmber o
the (pro Hton party were openly i>\ favor oí a
Bink, and ^ st U greaiei p; tion pnvai lv -nte'-
la P"t iht ^    ^ ' f ' ton.
Mr CALHOU i sntl he l.aí ti Etd v.,h a'ten-
Uon h" ve>\ elibt la e sHteTiem riade by ihe Se-
nator lion Ktatuckj, and ¡e now ros  tomóle
ihat th  tu th°i c risitkrat on of t íe bi 1 sh^u'd be
p stponed un il tc-nru rr< w. Tne Senator from
iCcn ucky hid expla ned the pnucip es of his bill
 i h great faime s, a-d had 'o ably gone over the
mana günunts in i s t' ppuit as to call for delibe-
ran n in exi mining them, and, h (V;r Calhoun)
hop d there won d ba i o objectio" raotd to his
m i loi o' pi tp ne ent Ii ^as dut-m fairness
t  ih s i e lo be a'low d ¡'me lo ¡oves iga'e the
deUiL <f h? bi 1 Vlus was h'iljectoí his -uo-
uon tie discani'd any in tntton oi making it
[i r an/ p i' i Ose   f unnfcessiiy de', y
B io e h> «at a jtvnhe woaid say a ' v o'd.m
relt'iou'o ke assumption thatihc-eisalar< emajo,i-
'/ of the p°( ,1- oí the Urn td Sta es in i'vor if a
Uaited 3 . tes Bank. Tie Senptor Irom Ketnucky
says that in tut-- maj my more than the Wh'g
oarty are included Ii it is meant by ¡his, mat the
W>ig party, and a large portion of the Democratic
par y are • favor of a U.nted States Bask, he
n (Mr. Calhoun) could assure the Senator from
Kentucky that, in his opinion, so far from that be-
ing the ca e, the reverse was the fact. He be 
lieved the sentiments of the South were against
the est-biisbm-nt of any bank of the kind. He
believed tl tre was a very large majority m that
scet o i opposed to a Uni ed Stales Bank, and as to
the Wog r arty itself being united on it, he be-
lieved the Sena'or was mistaken.
This feeling was not confined to the South, as
might be seen by referring to the Boston Conner,
an old an 1 respec'able organ of the Federal party,
in which very strong doubts were expressed of the
propriety or expediency of the very measure now
brought forward. Indeed, it was notorious that, in
the Whig pany, numbers weie found oí opinion
that this was not a proper time to pass a measure
of this nature.
Bat the Senator from Kentucky had alluded to
the great number of projects for a Fiscal Agent
pre ented for h s consideration, and he had also
been favored with several of those plans. Now,
what d esihis prove? The Senator had given it as
an aicit onal leas m for prompt action. Bat does
it not most conclusively prove that the present
banking sjstena had utterly failed in ihe estimation
ot the pub'tc, and ihat, if a new Bank is to be es-
tablished, it must be on entirely different principles
from ¡hat proposed' Was it not a warning to pro-
ceed with caution and deliberation, ins ead of tha
precipitancy iecommended by the Senator? He
ccnclu 'ed by moving that the furiher consideration
ot the bill be postponed until tc-morrow.
Mr. CLA.Y aid he hop.d the proportion to
postpone wou'd not be assented to.
Mr. MANGUM controverted the proposition
that the party in iavor of the Bank was not greater
than the Whig party proper. And as to the Sooth,
though he was not authorized to speak for any
other State than his own, yet, «o far as North Caro-
lina waj concerned, he wa  fnlly justified m saying
t iat, tf the Whigs of tnat Slate, not one out of five
thousand hut what was in favor of a Bank; and he
w is ln'o'in >d, on g tod authority, that at least one-
hi f th<- Oppjsmon party entamed the same sentí-
ale n <-. His colleague, [Mr. Graham] however,
ha 1 enjoyed a much better oppertunity oi ascertain-
ing the senlimems of the people of his State, par-
ticularly tha westem port >q of u, and he would
res¡ ecttuliy call on h m io give this «.formation to
the Senate.
Mr. GRAHAM 'aid he had nothing further
to say than to corroborate fully the statement of
hts colleague.
Mr CALHOUN 'aid be had been informed by
a ci iz n ol N ¡r h Carol na, o thp highest respro
t,b lity, now in ti o Senate <hanber, whose oppor-
tu'HUts \< i asceriamng pu^li s^n'mien* were am- '
p e, tn^t h's mi iressi n-> wer„ the yery opposite to
the s'a'emen s just mad-.
Mr GRAHAM then went «omeshatin detail
in c rroboiauon ofhis former remarks.
Tl."" ques ion then recuirojto the propisition
the tt riwer con iteration ot the bill ultd to-
morrow,
Mr OLAY sailth't it was the general under-
standing yes'erda),ttm the bill should be proceed-
ed with t )-uay, and he cou'd not consent to its
furthrr lostponemei.t
Mr CALHOUN said, he believed the intention
was ti proce d through the bill section by section.
The Sera or from Kentucky, this morning, instead
of c ir fining himself o the first section, had given
his vieus on all the sections at Urge, and had
UIm,,i With g eat lorce tne most prominent ef his
aigum nt, in favor oí the b II generally. He
h ped ihe Senator would give time to reflect upon
tie views he bad thus presented, and allow those
«m me opposed to it, a fa r oproitunity of ex-
«m mug i s det?i'". If it was postponed until to-
mo i iíT, th" Senate wo i d be much better prepared
torne 'ed with cotisidenng Ihe bill as first m-
lent'eVect'on by section.
M' CLAY said, it «as attributing too much to
the remarks made by htm to ask for a postpone-
ment on ¿ecount oí the effect p oduced by them.
Had he imagm-d such a thing, he would not
have made them
Mr. CALHOUN observed that the bill was not
printed and published till this morning.   Therecer 
