104
tamly had. not been time, since it was laid on the
tables of Senators, to bestow that care on its peru
sal which was requisite-* The Senator from Ken-
tacky could not surely expect that the general
features of his report would be taken lor the sec-
tions m detail of the bill «self. Material changes
had taken place in the form in which the bill was
now presented. All this rendered it reces^ary to
obtain time for examination, and he therefore
hoped the Senator from Kentucky would not per-
sist in his refusal to give time till to-1 orrow
Mr. CLAY sai 1 the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury had been printed (or upwards of a
week, and the bill reported by the Secretary accom-
panying it, had been also oa their tables for the
same time.
Mr. CALHOUN said the Secretary of the Trea-
sury had no power to leport a bill, he could only
submit a projet
Mr. CLAY said he was aware of that, but did
the Senator forget that lhe Senator from New
Hampshire had made an elaborate argument in
opposition to the bill of the Seeretarj?
Mr. BUCHANAN would appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky to withdraw his opposition to lhe
postponement; and reminded him how frequently
the courtesy of the Senate had been extended to
him and his friends when they were in the mino
nty.
Mr. CLAY oaid he coald not eonsent: he would
not consent.
Mr. BUCHANAN said if there was any object
like that of delaying thi* bill, lhe Senator from
Kentucky would be jus ified"in putting the screws,"
but there was. no such object The fact wa«, that
the Senator, in explaining he bill, had discussed
some of the most important principles ever con
nected with the banking system in the country,and
he hoped, as the Senator had taken his stand
against the postponement, he would content him-
self with simp'y voting against it.
Mr. KING oí Alabama said that during his long
experience of the practice of the Senate, h« had ne-
ver seen any thing like the course which was now
taken. A ¡or.., complicated bill, pioposing a men-
sure of the grej-'est importance, was laid upon the
tables of Senators but the day before, and they
were to be duven into lhe discussion ©fit, without
having an opportunity to examine its scope, much
less Us details. He appea'ed to the liberal among
those to whom he was opposed, to set their face
against such procedure
Mr. CLAY still refusing,
Mr. BUC4 ANAN. Then I hope lhat a majority
of the Ser ate will consent to a request so rtast nable.
The question being taken on  the .postponement,
% the Chair said it was dfaJidni the affirmative
Mr. CLAY. Dtvdt' Mi. Piesidettt, 1 ¿><-k foi
the yeas and naj s
The yeas and nays were ordered,  and the ques-
tion being taken, the pi oposi ion to  postpone w^
agreed to—yeas 35, nays 13, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Barrow, Bates,
Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay ot
Ala Clayton, Dixon, Fulton, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Ker, King, Linn, McEtoberts, Mouton,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pierce, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Sevier, Smith, oí Con Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Whi e, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—35
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Choate, Clay of Ky
Evans, Graham, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Rtves, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, and
Woodbndge—13
The bill appropriating $25 000 frr the relief of
the widow oí General William Henry Harrison,
was taken up as in committee of lhe wh< le
After some explanatory remarks by Mr Biv-
ABD, in reply lo amnquirv by Mr Young,
Mr. BENTON said he was opposed lo this bill-
opposed to it on high cons'itutional grounds, and
upon grounds of high national policy—and could
not suffer it to be carried through the Senate with-
out making the resistance to it which ought to be
made against a new, dangerous, and unconstitu-
tional measure.
It was a bill to make a grant of money—twenty-
five thousand dollars—out of the common Trea-
sury to the widow of a gentleman who had died in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a civil office, that of President of the United States,
and was the commencement cf tt at system of civil
pensions and support for faraihes which, in the
language of Mr. Jsflerson, has dividid England,
and other Euiopean countries m'o two classes—
the tax payers and the tax consumer-—and which
sends the laboring man supperleso to bed
It is a new case—'he first of the la*>d upon our
statute book—and should hare been accompanied
oy a report from a committee, or preceded by a
preamble to the bill, or interjected wuh a declara-
tion, showing the reason for which this grant is
made It is a new caie, and should have carried
its justification along with it. But nothing of this
is done Ttiere is no report from a committee—
from the two committees in fact—wbith sat upon
the ca^e Theie is no preamble to it, '■ettirg forth
the reason for the grant Thcie is no d*"iara*ion in
the body oí tne bill, shewing ti e reason why this
money is voted to this lady It is simply a bill
granting to Mrs. Harrison, widow of William H
Harrison, late President of the United States, the
sum of $35,000 Now, all tni i, rw, mí con-
trary to paríamentary pranks Keason tellt, us
ihere should be a report i,u a - "jmmittee in such
a case In fact, we h. e epats every day in
every ed~e, no matter hi w mconsid rabie, which
even pa}s a srnall sum t money to an individual.
It is oui oaily practice, and yet t«o committees
have shrunk from that practice in this new and
important case The" would not make a report,
though urged to do it I speak advisedly, ior 1
was of the committee, atid know what was done.
No report could be obtained, and why ' because it
was difficult, if not impissib^, for an) coi. nittee
to agree upon a reason which would satisfy t e
Constitution, and .atisfy public policy, for making
this grant. Gentlemen could abiee to give the
money—they could agree to vo c—but tney could
not agree "spon the reason wuchwas to be left
upon the iecord as a ] istiheation for the gift and
and the vole Being no repor , the necessity be
came apparent for a pieambl , bu we have none
of that And, worse than all, in thf abspx ce of im-
port and preamble, the bill itself is silent on the
motive of the «rant It ('oes not contain the usual
clause in money tills to mdi/i luai . tating, in a
few wo.ds, foi what leason the grant roayjidit s
made. All this u wron^, and I pc tit it om no /,
both as an argument agaia i tne bi'i ,'sid as a rea-
son lor hav n* it recommitted, and rtturne 1 wuh a
report, or u preamble, or .1 dec arate y clause
V/e weie toul at the l in ot s on it at an vv e ot
buoko were to br opened— tn it the new Adm m'--
tiati a would c1 se up the o'd looks, pnd open
new oi "s, and truly we lmd it « be lhe case
New books of al' kind, are op-i d, ?3 jrttgn to
the Constiu.'ion ar* I ool'cy ci 'ue u,i m y a^ the 
are to th  io'inei pi aft c tí tiie Gfoveir cnt, ai d
to thf 1 Me f rolessions <  hta„ nnv p-imot-. Many
new books «led; °neJ,s <et} piecutivoand ^cnii
by Legislative >umoriiy, and amo g nem is ibis
portentous volume ot ci i ' n i o ,<; i< nanonal
leco upenses, for the sjpport cfla  llies Military
pensions we have always had, "\nd they are iound-
td upon a principle wuica in  m nd can under-
stand, the tongue can tell, the Co s i ution can re-
cognise* and public policy caiap, ruv ■ They ?re
founded upon the principle of pers i« daigprand
suffering ¡n the cause oi tie rtmn,—upon the
loss oí ufe or limb in war Tin is reasonable
The t ¡an who goe  fort*, in ms co„ i*ry's cause,
to bü shot at for seven dollars a r south, or for
forty dolíais a month, o' eve" for on-> or two
hun ir'd, ¿n ! g *s his head or his hrr n  knocked
offjis Tía véryctiflereit cas  from him who s rvesthe
sa'ne country at a desk or a table, wuh a quul or a
book mhis hand, who may qjit hi place when he
sees the en°my coming, n has no occasion to
die except in his tranquil an i peace ful bed The case
of the two clan's is wholly different and thus far
the law-, of our country have reoogni&ed and
maintained the difference Military pensions have
been granted from the foundation of the Govern-
ment—eiv 1 pensions, never; and now, for the first
time, the attempt is to be made to grant them. A
grant of money is to be made to the widow of a
gentleman who has not been m the a Ay for near
thirty years—who has, since that time, been much
employed in civd service, and has lately died in a
civil orhce. A pennon, or a grant of a gross sum
of money, under such circumstances, is a new pro-
ceeding under our Government, and which finds
no wanant in the Constttu ion, and is utterly con-
demned by high considerations of pabhc policy.
The Federal Constitution differs in its nature—
and differs fundamentally from those of the States.
The States, being original sovereignties, may do
what they are not prohibited from doing, the Fe-
deral Government, bemg derivative, and carved
out of the Sutes, is like a corporation, the creature
of the act which creates it, and en only do what
it can show a grant for doing Now the moneyed
power of the Pede.al Government is contained in
a grant from the States, and (hit grant au honzes
money to be raised either by loans, duties or taxes,
for the purpose of paying the debts, supporting the
Go'einment, ard prov r'mg lor the common de-
ten e of the Union. These are the objects to
which money may be applied, and this grant to
Mis Harrison can toi"e witnm neither of them.
• But, gentleman say this is no pension—it is not
an annual payment, but a payment in hand. I
say so, too, and that it is so much the more objec-
tionable on that account A pension must have
some rule lo go b>—so muer a month—and gene-
rally a small sum, the highevt on onr pension roll
being thirty dollars—and it terminates in a reason-
able time, usually five years, and at most for life.
A pension granted to Mrs Harrison on this prin-
ciple, could amount to no ¡^reat sum—to a mere
fraction, at most, of these twenty-five thousand
dillars. It is not a pension, then, but a gift—a
gratuity—a large present—a nanonal recompense;
and the more objectiorablb for being so. Neither
our Constitution, nor lhe genius sf our Govern-
ment admits of such bene ac'ions National re-
compenses are high rewards, and require express
powers to grant them m every limitfd Government.
The Fipneh Consular C institution of the year
1799, an honz d such reenmpenses; ours dors not,
and it has not yet bfen attempted even m military
cases We have i ot yet voied a fortune to an
officer's or a soldier's family, to Li ihem from po-
verty to wealth Tnese ¡fjomptnses pre v«orse
than pensions they are equ" 1, u bounded in the
Construtiop, moie incapab s of be ig governed by
any rule, and more susceptible o gieat and dange-
rous abuse. We h >ve no rule to so by m fixing
tie 'mount Every one gres by eling—by his
personal or political fee'ing—or by cry got up at
home, ?nd sent here to an vp ,\ hi i Hence the
diversity of ¡he op n onsa* t he peeper sum to be
given Some grntiemen a e fcr ¡he amount in the
bil , some are ior doublt th tt ai ionn , and some
a e for no hinj This i'ivi . t/ i s J ,s an argiv
mertaemnst the rneaau e. It-hov/s ¡bat it has r o
I natural iourd.ii.ion—rothitg to rest upon—nothing
I to ?o bv: fo uile, no measure, no standard, by
w1 irh toeomrute or comppre it It is «11 guesa
wo k—the work f the passion or ^ ic>—of fac-
tion or of pac y
By our ConMitution, thf persons who fill offices
are to receive a comp n ation for ¡heir services;
and, in man cases, nis compensation is neither to
be increased nor diminished during tae period for
which the person shall have been eketed; and in
some there is a prohibition against receiving pre-
sents either from foreign State , or from the United
Sta e , or from the States of the Un'or. The of-
fice of Pres d„i.r comes nn' r all fe^s restric-
tions, and «.how , how jealous the iramers of the
Constitution were of any mi ieyel influence being
b ou|,ht ti bear upon ihb Chicf Magistrate of the
Union All thes  limitations are for obvious and
wise reasons Tne President's salary is not lo be di-
minished during the time for which he was elected,
test his eremies, if they get me i pper hand of him
in Congres, should deprive him of his support,
and starve him out of office. Ii is n t to be in-
creased, lest his friends, if they get 'he upper hand,
should enrich him at thepabl.cexperse, andheisnot
to receive "any other emolument," lest the provision
against an increase of salary should be evaded by
the grant of gross sums These are the constitu-
tional provisions; but to what effect are they if the
sums can be granted to the officer's family which
cannot be granted to himself?—-if his widow—his
