Wife—his children can receive what he cannot? In
this case, the term for which General Ham on was
elected, is not ou:. It h/i« not expired, and Con-
gress cannot touch his silarj or bestow upon him
or his, any emolument without a bieach of the
Constitution.
It is in vain to look to general clauses of ihe
Constitution. Besides the genera! spmt of the
instrument, there is a specific clause up in the sub
ject oí the President's salar> and emoluments. p
forbids lo him any compensation, except at s'ated
times tor services renden d, it toicid  increase or
dimmuton and it foroids a'l emolument. To
give salary or (i-iolument to his family, is s m^t"
evasion ot 'his Ciause. His fimjy is hmseh—so
far at. property is concerned, a man's .airoly is
himself. And many persons would p efrr to have
money or p.operty conveyed to ¡us fanj i/,or loiic
membLr o' it, because n would then ifceive the
destination which his will would «ive it, and
wo'ild be íree /i j¡j the claims or cont agencies to
which bis his own proptny—that in his own name
—would be subject.
Thete is nothing in the ConsU'utio'i o warrant
this proceeding, and there is much m it to condemn
it. It is cond<,mritd by U the clausts wmen re-
late to the levy and ts e application of triune.);
and it is specially condemned by the precie claiue
which regulates the compensation of the Prt sident,
and wh ch clause would control any other pan oí
the Confutation which might come in conflict with
it.
Condemned upon the constitutional !cst, how
stands this bill on the question of policy and expe-
dience It is condemned—utterly condemned,
and reprobated upon that ttot!
The view which I have already presented of the
difference between military and naval services,
(and I always include the naval when I spe< k of
the mit tary,) shows that the fonnei are proper
subjects for pens tins—tie la'tT not. Tne very
nature of the service makes úii diffcrerce Dif-
fering in pr ni ¡pie, as the m luary and civil pen-
sions do, the} (1 íT*r qu te as much uh"n you corns
to details, and undena e to administer the two
clasfes of rewards. The military has " methir-g
to go by—*uc limit to it—and provides for ciaso s
of individuals—not for families or lor nsdivi
duals—one by one. Though subject to cieat
abuse, yet tne military pensions have some limu—
some boundary —to tieir amount p aer , u, i... them.
Tney aie 1 mued at e«st to 'he amount oí arrme ,
and the number of vars. OiTarmio are small, and
ourwais lew, and far between We lavs nad but
two with a civilized power in '•is..}' }e^IS. Our
navy, a so, is limiten; and compared to the mats
of the population, the army ai d navy mu t be a'-
way^ s iixl1 Co'.ft ied to their oroper subjects,
and mthtaiy aid iaval pen ions have limus and
boundar es which confine ttiem within some
bound , ana hen the law is the «ams for all pei-
sons ol the ¿a ie .ank. The miluary and navsl
pensioners are not provided lor mJiv do ally, and
therefore do not become a subject of favcutsm,
of paity, or ot 'action. Not so v i h civil pension'
There is no Umit upon tht-m They may apply to
the family of every person civilly employed—that
is to almo t every body—and this w.thout inter-
mission of time; for civil serví es ¿o oi in pe¿ce
and war, and ihe clai r.s for them will le e'e'ral
when once began. Then again Civil pensions and
grants of money «tie giv^n individua ./. and not
by cla-se^, and every case is governed by th" fuel-
ing of the moment, and th" predominance oi the
party to which the iniividual belonged, "very
caséis f" sport o' party, of taction, oi l\ uit-
lsm.andof ieelmgs excited and got up tor U. oc-
ca ion. Thus it is u1 England, and i ius n will be
here. Tne Englisn civil pension list s dreadful,
both for tne amount t aid, and tne nature of ttie
services rewarded, but u requaed cen'urtes i u
England to ripen her system. A e we to b<-f in it
in the first half centuiy of our exist ;nce?
Mr. B. said he meant to exemplify tne evils of
this system of civil pensions, by showing what it
had ¡.reduced in Ergland—mat country from which
we are so prompt to follow all that is bad, and so
slow to foilow the little that is good. He had a
volume of the English pension and place list in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
his h-nd, fiom which he proposed toieadafew
items, by way of showing he working of thr -ys-
tei), and the point to í. hicis it nU a'rivrd m Eng-
land, a.id lo v.h'Ci it in tut ari.ve here, >f we once
go into the idt^i b> -'".lss cf providi"f 'or fami íes
out of the pub' c Tieasury. T .e fonn which that
abuse take , is threefold. 1st. The creation of unne-
cessary offices, wi h inordinate salaries, f jr the
mere purpose of giving suppoH to the incumbent.
2diy. Grants ¡' moa y or pror,f>rty, in gross sums,
out of the Tnasuiy, to Lit them fiom poverty to
wealth 311y. Annual pension,. frorr generation
to generation, to enable then to live on tne labor
of the community, ír-stead of their own. Oí each
of these threi sp.ee' i ¡.oiFes, tht English ewA
pennon list afford  1 li most abun 'ant specimen ;
and he would le t a ir v "f Ir i by vay of sam-
p'e. The surnj were il.vais stated m pounds ster-
ling, which weie icadily convuLd into our cur-
rencv by multiol).n4 by nve. In reading th« in-
stance1, Mr. 13. sa-d he should take the names
which were best known i, this country, by v,h ch
the Senate would the better understand the nature
ot the set vices whicn were rewaieo
Mr. B. then began with the Cockburn', premising
that 'he list onlt/ cou'amed the names oí   nose who
I  v tre now alive, and   upon it.   Those who weie
1 dead, or whose pen°iojs had expired, were not
lncmdtd.   All the payments vtbich he should read
were annual:
Adrm. il Sir Geo. Cockbum         -           - ¿£t,630
H. Coerbum, e^q S 1 Geni Scotlaiü - 2,000
A. Cockbum,esq late Minister to Wurtem-
buig ----- 1,700
The  ladies   Fanny,   Mary, and   Harriet
Cockburn, fach             ...       loo
Mrs. Marianne Cockburn             -           -       115
Mrs Augusta Cockburn   -                               200
Mrs. Mary Cockburn, (fr« n 1825,)         -       65O
Herei- a list of n 115 Cockbums, of wh ch six
are ladies, and whose annaal pensions and 'alare?
fiom ihs (J ivernmeti o. e near ¿C7,000 s jrlmg, or
$35,000. Oi the ladies provided for, one of them,
Mrs Augusta, is rewarded *br b*-iig the mother of
tne rest. The bock "-ajs ^he v/s.^ of a nible
f.imily, and fell m love with her husband, who
was ei'bei a merciunt or heid *n rffiee m the
India-house;  nl to roicle h 1 family tn ihis
marriage, be #1- re'de p bar net. fine Ctck-
burns on the Us , t,nt th doe not at ail show the
numeroi th" faniii, pi viidfor many me ibers
ot the fa n.ly .lie aM prov utJ for under other
namrs Fii ir ai.ee, at pave 541 of the book
we find s x ladi s left'irg the nane < f Halifax,
ntmely, iUis. Gertiu ir, Charlo'te, Minanne,
•^ 'oliuf, Cathai ne, at.d Enzaoeth, t,^ sum of
¿£ñ0 each, comn°r>Lir.; a ibe year 1793. The
ti e of lapse jodies o l^e on the labor cf ¡he
prople of England is inus accoun'ed for: They are
ihij aanghteis o. a bi hoo, and connected with the
Cockbums through the Lut.etons.
Mr B next instanced ine csse if the Ber" -
foid", four of whoji tfi's appeared on tne pi c
an 1 civd ¡ir" on list:
Gen. W. C itres'or , C '. lGnFcoi, - ¿£1,132
Sa-.ie, as trove nor of J rs.ev,   -           -       1,100
S me, petisun by net oí Pariiame it,      -       2,000
J  Willum Beiesfi rd,grcon oí Oiep ivi purse,    500
H. B P.aresfoid, jo nt store^eper cusiO'ns, 2,157
I  J  C  Bcesford, late jo nt storekeeper, cus-
j      toms,             ....       2,157
Here, bv, ixt ¿£8,500 steih ig, t> four members
of ore ia inly, making ut w o^s o¡ A40,000 per an-
num.
Mr. B. then gave the eve o Mrs. Mary RgPi
asa veiy ston  «ml ¿ppropmte insane*  the
workings of th.s s stem. ~'~ i.s isav is bol f 01
the civil pennon 1 st at «£660 s'erbng per ¡"n .am,
eqaa! to ^3 300 per annum, ?n 1 comr enet   m
the year 183'h Iha ground of tb>s p<-n ion the
reimbursement oí election expenses inquired by
her husband in seeking a seat 111 Pailia r.ent to
support the Wslbrgton mm stry, and for res-gnmg
an office to qiahfy r-im-eif to stand tne election,
which he 'ts', and died.
Mr B then produced the ca=e of the Rodneys,
one of them an English Admiral dur ng cur Revo-
lution, and o'hers, nis connection* aud descend-
ants:
165
Lord Rodney,  the Admiral,  hereditary
pension            ....   42,923
Hi n. John Rodney, S cretary at Ceylon .     3,200
Hon. Wm. Rodney,  Comptroller Army
Accounts         ....         700
John, Jane, Ann, Sarah, and Catharine
Rodnev, pensions commencing m the
j ea> 1781, each, per annum     .           .           88
Th" Welleslry family was next referred to by
5"r B. and he began with—
Tne Duke ot Wellington, pensions         .  ¿£8,926
Same, Constable of the Tower    .           .        950
S-ime, Colonei < t Rifle Brigade   .           .        238
Sa-ne, Colonel 1st Regiment Foot Guards     2,695
S?me, Lord Warden of Cinque pons       .        295
Sime, intete ton grams of money from
Parliamtni, tay ¿€1,000,000, at 3i per
!      cent.    .....    35,000
Karqu's Well isley, pension       .           .     5,C0O
1 Same, Lord Steward of'he Household   .     2,436
I Sam , Rei-embranoer of Court of Eiche-
I      quer, I eUnJ,   ....      5,387
Mrs. Charlotte Wellington           .           .        115
JVWe___The mother,   tne Marchioness Moiniug-
ton is dea-Vind her name dropt In their own names,
I the Willealej •> have about ¿£50,000, equal to
$250,000 per annum. The book states that about
t>vo million* sttilii'g have gone to this family—ten
millions of dollars.
Mr. B. mentioned the case of the Plunkets, a
name which would be remembered as long as that
of Emmltt, and that would be a long time.
L ird Piunket, chancellor of Ireland - ¿£8,000
Wm Piunket, Esp commissioner of excise, 1,200
tlon. D   Piunket, (son of Lord P.) protho-
notary, c&e.            -            -            -              1,384
Same examiner m Common Pleas,              -      600
Hon. John Piunket, assistant barrister, &c. 700
Same, Crown counsel, Munster, - - 500
Same, counsel to police,             ...     400
, Same, commissioner of inquiry,        -       -   1,300
Hon. Pa nek Piunket, (son of Lord P.), as
puise bearer to theLord Chanceiloi,       -     500
Same, Secretary of Bankrupts,            -       -     550
Same, countel to chief remembrancer,       -     450
Same,Cio n counsel, Leinster circuí',       -     400
Here about sixteen tnousand pounds per annum
($80,000) to the Plunkets, besides church livings,
I   and digmre , and relations us.dcr other names.
Mr B here s'ated that he had only cited a few
j   instances o..t of ti.e volume which Le held in his
cand    N<a' one handred oclav0 pages are filled
1 with the nami s of ttiese civil per.'toners and place-
men and place-ladie , and any number of instances
s.miiar    t">   tho^e 1 have read,   may be found;
but the  introductory runa'Ks present some views
ot tne woil ing. cf th s •"ys'era,  and the services
I fei'"hich they  were g-anted, tiiat the reading of a
1  fewpirayaohs u igLt be tolerated by the Senate.
'! Ii wm ¡d sh iw that disabuse bad gone the length
)'  i. Ei -l«ud, i f pr vidmg out of 'he public purse
1 .   u > i' 1 . cp,  c «1 11  law    lattn,   nuiKus
I   Ji¡w45 and   v hafil.a, t at ,0 to say, son of nobody,
a>, \   'aizhn   ot n bouv.    Mi. B then read :
I        \rfc, me Admiriity di   is the n^xt cunsuterable branch
I     olievenui, it trie Jl^po^al ff M.msters was the ii¡ per rentUm
¡ L-e\vai 1 l^lanj dutieti It is a t"x imposed on produce hi the
, island of Barb^does a J I^dwan1 ial\n is It was created by a
I a i lal law ol I)' badoe«r aribOyearsagi, and wasto beap-
1   plied to the ertttion of pablic bud'mgs m the island   On this
lUild, pioducti £f about íjü,U0U per annum, being a tax on the
j   pioilitceoi he wUrd foi a ¡oral object, among others.suca as
Pie1-!-     To the widow ^f *. Imiral Home, £W0, the Countess of
II    Man held the mo h roí tile ?ntl reforming Peei who made eo
'    b nitasuini ai-am^t ihe seo nd leathng ot the reform bill,
M t'Upei arm un  tho   i e '.moral Ciawforo, of the Walche-
ien eipt 'mo 1, had.£120u i >eai out of this ¡tmd during his
! e    il -• service , mov w a voti-of thanks m Parliament to
Mi u.. 01= for that tm oitunat^ expedition, and being connected
«1 '1 the Duke of .New Cast'o bj marriage, te repiesented the
P itlmnentaryi itere-tof itutnobleman, ahdhad eight rotes to
g\e   thv    Ministrv    oi    any    occas on          le    pension   to
Mi   Edninn'i Builte of .-62301) pei annum came, and comes
l'   out of this fund    Mertceivelltmhis hie time, his widow af-
I   tei 1 >n   ind it is now payable to the 'executors of Mrs.
!   Ba 1   >   Lady Aogti>ta de  ^loeland recened a  pension of
¿1 ¿CU from tins fund till 1830    All we know of her ladjship
!   is   hi t she was united to the Duke of Su^ex, in Italy, by a
i tu oi Greti a Gi^cn maniage  and afteiwards repudiated in
1   resequence of the loval niau rge acts     Next   lollow the
1   Misses F z Claruiee   £¿,300—the natural dtushters of the
^   KtnCT by Mrs Joidan    Then the seven children of Lady Lucy
I i-vloir, £ 139 each    Lady Hester Stanhope brings up the rear
with a pension of £900, her title to the oaaonei 'uppoit being
founded m her relationship to the late Mi Pitt, and to the as
tomshment she give" travellers by acmg the Amazon, dressing
in men's attire, and living somewhere about Mount Sinai or
ladmor, in the deserts of Arabia "
