speech, for the encouragement of delators and
the reward of informers: if such measures as these
can pass, then do I say that all th? guards and li-
mitations upon cur Government are broken down !
that our limited Government is gone ! and a new,
wild, and boundless authority substituted in iis
place. The new triumvira'e, Bank, President,
and Congress, will then be supreme. Fraud and
corruption will rule. The Constitution will be co-
vered with a black veil; and that derided and vio-
lated instrument will never be referred to except
for tre mock sanction of a fraudulent interpola-
tion, cr the in.Mtltir,g ceremony of a derisory adju-
ration.
Sir, I hasten to my conclusion. Personally, I
was friendly to General Harrison when hi.- friends
were scarce; and if i needed any fresh evidences of
the kindness of his heart, I had them in hrs twice
mentioning to me during the short period of his
Presidency, what, surely, Í should never have
mentioned to him, thf circumstance of this fri; nd-
ship to him v.hrn his friends were searee. 1 wou'd
glad'y now do what should be kind and respectful
to his memory—ahat struld be liberal and bene-
ficial to his nio^t íespectabte widow; but, vote for
this bill! 'hat I cannot do. High con i Wagons
of constitutional law and public policy fub'd ne
to dc s ), and command rile to make this res.st?r.ce
to i', that a mark uiay be made—a stone set up—at
the place where thi>- new violence was done to the
Constitution—this new book opened in our public
expenditures—and this new departure taken, which
leads into the bottomless gulf of civil pensions and
family gratuities.
Mr. B. then made his motion in form, to recom-
mit the bill with instructions to the committee to
make a report showing the ground? and reasons on
which it was founded
Mr. CALHOUN said he well understood the geni-
us et this Government, and he believed no G >vern-
nvrnton earth leaned more than it did towarrssll the
eorrup'ions of an enoimous pension list. iS'ot even
the aristocratic Government of Great P.ri'ain has
a stronger tendency to it than this Government.
This is no new thing. It w¿¿ foreseen from the
beginning, and the great struggle then was, to
keep out the entering wedge. He recolkcted very
welt, v. hen ke was at the head of the War De-
partment, and the military pension bill passed,
that whi'e it was under debate, it was urged as a
very small matter—only an appropriation of
something like $150,000 to poor and meritorious
soldiers of the Revolution, who would not long
remain a burden on the Treasury. Small as the
sum was, andindisputab!e as were the meirs if
the claimant?, it was with great difficulty the bill
pas-ed. Why was this difficulty—this hesitation
on such an apparency irresistiUe claim? Be-
cause it was widely argued, sad w.'.h a .-pint of
prophecy since fulfilled, th.it it would prove an en-
tering wedze. which, once admifel ,would, sx>n
rend the pilijro' Demoertcy. And srhat has been
th? result of f>at trifling '.-ran 1 I' is to be found
in ihe rnorsious pension list of this Government at
the present day.
Refernn:; to tie bill now before the Sinate; if
itbeadrmiteo. that it is an allowance for lo's in
the service of the public, where will be found due
stopping point? l.s there any just reason v¡hy hun-
dreds of o'her claims on similar grounds shad
not be admitted? If it is an allowance made
to reinstate money laid out iotxpenses, put it 0:1
that ground and 1-t Ihediia be tiunis-fd. What-
ever ground it was based upon in the Comm'ti-r,
must h=.ve been ttioiig enough to author ze r.e ap-
propriation: why, thm, should thee be pcy hest-
tation in declaring what that ground wa;? In dc-
advocatirg the rec 'mmural ot this bdl he wa-. not
actuated by any unkind feeling towards Gen.
Harri-or, for he respected him and believed he v.as
a kind and good hearted man, who had fe* poli-
tical opponen s that would be influenced to vote
against this grant on persona! grounds. Pie op
posed it because it was contrary to the Constitu-
tion. What does the Constitution say? Thit the
Prtsident of the United Slates shall receive noothrr
allowance or emoluments than the salary appertain-
ing to his office. Suppose General Harrison had
gone through his Presidential  term, and it was
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. found his salary was insufficient for his exdendi-
tures, could Congre-s make up the deficiency? Or,
suppose he had died immediately after the expira-
tion of his tprm, could Congrts; make up tne loss
to his family? Certainly not; because the Consti-
tution was a complete barrer to any sach allow-
ance. And wh.u i.-- th<=re in the r re^en' ca'e that
ditiers in prit.cple f orn the cases supposed?
Nothing, wha'evei; a .d be trutttd, thereto;", that
this bdl never woj'd be allowed to pa-*.
Mr. BAYARD said if the bill depended on the
kind feelings of Senators, be had no doubt it would
pass uiiantmoir-ly; but constitutional objections
were interposed which prevented Senators from
giving it their suppoit. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] has taid the cimsittec hs-
madcnoitp rt, bee.use they had no ground'; on
which to base the bill. It gentlemen wished for
reasons for this sight testimonial of a nation; gra-
titsde, he wou'd refer them to the history of our
country, which would furni«h them abundantly.
The Senator from Missouri had quoted lareely
from the British pension list to show the gr^at
abuses which hod there grown up on the pension
li«'; but this pnly proves that these persons werere-
v arded for meri'crious services, or  were gn a' fa-
¡ voiitts. But ¡he Senator 1- too good a diaieetiiian to
argue from abu-es oaainst the ues of a s;stem cood
in itself. Sin? ois had pske.i where the constitu-
tional power v;as derived to male- ieis grant of mo-
ney, and mey argue on the supposition thtt the
appropriating power is an emanation of the taxing
power. Tfcia. is all a mistake te.ey are separa e
and distinct, and totally mdfpendent of each other.
By the 8th section of the 1st article of the Consti-
tution, Congreis ars author zsd to lay ;tnd codect
taxes, duties, imp sts, and excises, ti pay die deb's
and provide for ihe common defence and general
welfare of the United Sates; this was Ihe taxing
power. B,' the second clause of sec ion 3, article
4, '"egress had po.ver to dispose of the ter.-t'ory or
oiher properly belonging to Ue United States. He
contended that the power of appro-mat!' n was
limited only by the cxercse of a sound din-r-ncr..
C 'ligrcss was here for t' e purpose of making laws.
To suppose them incapable ot pss^ing such a law
as the present, was to suppose the law-making
pow?r subject to the laws. He qu >ted many m-
s'.ancos «'here Congress had exercised a sound dis-
cretion in making appropriations for subjects in no
way recognised in the Constitution, and instanced
th? appropriations for the sufferers by ire earth-
quake at Caraccas, that te Lafayette, and ihat to
Mr-:. Brown, widow of Maj Gen. Jacob Brown.
These, t.n 1 iheanpronriations for military pensions.
w.-re all based on the same foundation. £>lr B.
then argued the propriety of making rood the ex-
penses incurred by the late President ¡n making
arrangements for his removal to this city, his post-
ages, and the ho'pitaluies attendant 0:1 his posi-
tion. He trusted that Congress in this matter
would not act on a mere ca'culatioi of dollars and
cents, but 11 a ra-.nner worthy of themselves  aid
I    the memory of him to whose family trie benefits of
!    tiuispp op.r.'mn were to erute.
Mi. BlTF.b so.id h.  too had an ohje-tjpn fe the
bill—not the i-bji'cti n ¡.uggested by ¡he Senator
from South Cfroltca. [Mr. Calhoun,] ''..at thsre
is no specification of the s- rvices of Ge-.crri Harn-
so:¡, and of the expe-nses of himself and fern iy, for
it a bill of partxulars ••"ere on the ua!t, he should
scorn, upon this sublet, to look into it; but he ob-
jected to ihecüntiaC'-'dm.s  and insufficiency of t'.e
'    grjnt.   Gene-al Ha'r:.-o:i, basing been called from
I    ur<- service of hi- ciu.ifrv, tie would hive given 10
j his widow at least ha-f pay—fifty, ins'.eai of
tweroy-live thousand dollars.
Mr. B. sad, when the thrught occurs to me
what General 'iariiivU w.;s, and what he is, when
1 cons.der tt>  t'orel' aid de-daie eond tion of his
family, their hopes disappointed, ¡heir prospects so
i suddenly and so Mviiy changed, and then such
hopes! such pri spec"?! so elevated, so cheering, sj
clvnous, if any thin?, among ihe shac'os's of earth
cm be Cil'ed so! so totally overcast and forever!
so hisih, and now so low! I say, Mr. President, if I
I can do nothing to administer consolation, I will do
alt I cm to afford relief, poor as that will be which
this bill furniihes.
107
But Senators on the other side demand by what
authority we make this grant? I will tell them. I,
for one, make it, m the first place, by the authority
1 fi-ad here, (in the S5 mpathirs of my nature,) where
the whole American people will find it—every
man the? ha- a heart in him, and where the Sena-
tors will liad  i', ¡f they  will but consult them-
j selves. In 'he sext place, t find it inscribed on
t-c «sua page «here ihe Senator, found their au-
di rity for the grant of a year', pay to thesuiviving
ñiraily of the late Gc-ne:.:l Biov/n; where-lhey found
their authority at the last sessi"'; of Congress for a
grant to the surviving t-tiiüy oí th-¡ late Sergeant-
at-Arms, Judge Haig¡<\ :n¿ il,í House of Repre-
sentative for a grant o tr.e like kind upon the
: death of it  officer, Mr. C.'.rr. I find it on the page
where Congress round it &hen a grant of $90,000
was made to foed, clothe, and shelter the people of
Alexandria, whom the ravages of fire had made
j housilgjs, homeless, and penmlevs. And I find it
I also, in bold relief, written upon the page where
I you find authority to bury your dead and to put tip
a stone at thtir n'aves, that their friends, should
they ever vi tt your uty, may find «here 50U laid
lb." bo bes of those who were dear to them; on the
same page wh.'ft the Sena'e tinds authority for the
decent mnur'.i -." that ^neire'es your arm and chair;
the same page .hat excus- s die charge of rent to
Mrs. Hoiri'-cn for the ccrupaoon of your While
House the little time she or hi-r family remained
in it after her hu .band died. I find fuil authority,
a'so, not mere1/ in the precedents of every year
since the foundation of ihe Government, but in the
2 I article ot the C msituiion—the article which
requires that the United S a'es ¡hall have a Presi-
dent, and fhtitl pay him '-a compensation for his
services." Whit tint sh3ll b" in case he survives
his term of ofiice, tha law has determined; but
what it shall be in case he docs not, is left for the
discre'iou and decision tf Cor.g-ess for the time
when such a melancholy e?ent shall happ-n. I
shall vo'e for the bill, therefore, in the entire con-
fi ence that I am rustamed by t're most undoubted
authority of ¡he Constnu ion and t>:e law, as well
as cheered by the approval of that which I value
as much as eit'ier, and in the full belief that the
Srate which has honored me with a seat in the
Senate will (eel itself disgraced if I do not.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut,   without entering
at large  into   ¡l.e que-turn of right to make appro-
priations  as  a reward for   services   done  to the
country, asked, if Cong'e.-s possessed that right,
was ihis a case  which called ¡or the special exer-
cise of it?    He did not mean  to say any thing in
disparagímí-nt of General  Harnson, being per-
fectly willing :o lot  the gent'emen on the opposite
side enjoy all the gratification it alForded them to
eulogize his memory.    But if his "vidow is to be
paid for his sc-rvices as 'he c.'vtl officer of the Go- -
vcrnment; and he  w?s not   a."'a.'e of what other
ground this  apptopriation cou.d be  based upo";
he 'a ;:h".l ;tto si- ciied wl at addil.on was  tobe
I¡  mide to the rcmnncrat'on provided by law in ac-
;| cordáii-e  Aith 'hn  Consii'ut'o 1.   He understood
ti  that boundary bad  aheady been passed; and that
instead o; ¡he m'-n.f's Miar" due tne iatt Presi-
di-nt up 10 the  line of Ids  death, the whole quar-
tet's sa'ary, over s-ix thousand  dollars, had been
paid to hts represea'atives.   Nor, rs to an equiva-
lent   for   actual  services,  if tin's  appiopriation of
¡•25 000 is niidt:  in addition to vhit ha- been al-
H-r.dy    paid,  en  example, or ra h'r precedent,   is
given for p;.yiti!;!he Chief Magistrate of the Union,
at the  enormous rateo; §370 009  per annum for
his servi-e= vhtl.-  in office.    W.-.s any such thing
i    as thtscverci ntem_"ia:e-i by the C.-ns'itufoi,? Was
I    it not es""i-es'.'y piohiliitcd?    if his n presentatives
!    an   to receive  tba'  for  his  tervic-.i  during  one
I    mtir.tb, v. bat was topievent C rgrei-. providing at
¡    the ssme ra'e fot a  qua; o r > r the vohole year, had
i    he lived so Vml   If it   could be done ft rone
1   month, it em.id be dose for any time     The qucs-
!    tion m;iy be asked, did G.-neral Hcrii^oi incur a
grenter amount of expense than the sum already
paid to his representatives?    If the appropriation
is placed on that ground, let it be so stattd, and
then the data could be approached.   If it is placed
on the ground of sympathy instead cf that of ser-
vices, let it be so understood, that inquiry may be
