108
made concerning the sympathy due to the widows
and orphans of many whose services to their coun-
try were no less important, and whose claims are
deserving of no less attention at the hands
of Congress. If this was the ground of procedure,
he could remind the Senator of many claims in the
State of Connecticut, which, for half a century,
have been appealing in vain to the sympathy of
Congress. Need he mention the case of the noble,
the brave, the patriotic Captain Hale, who was
sent on a secret mhsion by General Washington,
and captwed as a spy by the British, who executed
him on the spo? And what was ih-; dying exalta-
tion  of his proud  American spirit?   That " he
WISHED HE HAD ANOTHER LIFE TO   SACRIFICB 'N THE
sbrvice of his beloved cjuntrt !" Where is the
nation's token of r.spect foe the heroic and noble
patriotism which animated his soul in the hour of
trial? In a few years that patriot'- grave will not
be known. It lies near the spot w.-.ere the women
of Connecticut contributed ¡heir under dresses to
make wadding for the American cannon, in defence
of their country, but there was not even ü common
slab to mark the hero's grave.
Where is there any monument of naiional grati-
tude to the memory of Silas Dean? He went on a
secret mission for this country, before the declara-
tion of independence. His hie was at stake, and
he sacrificed it in the seivice of his country—he
died from grief and absolute starvation. Yet,
though it has been since ascertained that $60,000
were due to him by the Government from that time
to this, the sympathy of Congress has not been
awakened to the just claims of his representatives.
An appropriation of $25,000 is now asked, and
for whom? Fur Mrs. Harrison—a worthy lady, no
doubt—and that without any inquiry whether she
stands in want of this.assistar.ee or'not. If this in-
quiry was made, hs (Mr. Smith) understood it
would be found she had a better property than ma-
ny that are considered wealthy in the United
States Was not the sympathy of Congress more
appropriately due to the widows and orphans of
those who had equal claims, and who were left in
poverty and destitution?
Mr. CALHOUN asked to have any part of the
Constitution pointed out in wlii.-h ¡here was ;.u-
thority for making suc'.i an appropriation as this.
If the authority exists in the Constitution at a'1, it
exhts to a much greater extent than has ye; been
acted upon, and it ¡s time to have the fact known.
If the Constitution authorize* Congress to make
such an appropriation as this for a Piesident of the
United States, it surely authorizes it to maivc
an appropriation of bke nature for a Door-keeper
of the Señale of the Umteu States, or for any other
officer of the Government. T¡¡ere can be no dis-
tinction drawn. Pass this act, and the prece> ent
is established for the family of evory civil officer
in the Go/eminent to bj placed on the pennon
list. Is unt this the consummation of the teutency
so long combated? But the struggle is in vain—
there is not, be would repeat, a Government on
the face of the earth, in which there is such a ten-
dency to all ¡hs corruptions of an aristocratic pen-
sion list a? there is in mis.
Is it an unreasonable request to ask the commit-
tee for a specific report v. the grounds on which
they have rseomnrunded this appropriation? No;
and ihe gentleman ¡¡now it is not unreasons 
ble; but they w.ll oppose it not on that acuouui;
they will oppose is o_-cau-.e they know s'icu a re-
port would defeat their bill. It could no; be sus-
tained in the tace of t'-:cir own report. Not ih it
there would be p.j "round arsumed, but because
those who now support the bill do <o on grounds
as different as any possibly can be; and, if the
committee was fas eocd down to one ground,
those who support the otue_s would desert the
standard.
Mr. BAYARD replied at some leng'h, and ad-
duced, in support of his argument, the donation to
the Poles, the pension granted to the widows of the
French sailors who w°re killed in the harbor of
Toulon, the appropriation to the family of Gen.
Brown, &c.
Mr. WOODBURY said the case of Mrs. Brown,
relict of General Brown, had been repeatedly re-
ferred to; and, as his name stood recorded in favor
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of that grant, he thought it proper to explain why
he voted for it, and why he now felt compelled to
vote against the bill before the Senate. The claim
of Mrs. Brown was for a military pension, or in
the nature of one. There was then no general
I fund provided except in case of death by wounds
; in active service; but Congress, since that time,
bad extended generally the navy pension fund to
widows of officers whose death occurred in time of
peace. In Mrs. Brown's case, he (Mr. W.) voted
for the grant untler the impression ¡hat it was a
substitute for a military pension in an isolated eve
of great destitution in the widow, and of great, me-
rit. :i not death from actual service, in the distin-
guished husband.
If any gentleman would set forth by argument,
or clear analogy, or constitutional precept, any
grounds equally sound apon which he (Mr. W.)
could vote for this bill, he would do it with great
cheerfulness.
It is not pretended that it is for a military pen-
sion. General Harrison -v President, was a civil
officer. Nor is it pretended tiist b's widow is i.j
poverty, like Mr:. Brown. Wd-tiington died in
both civil and military .-e'vier , but his widow was
not pool, and no application was ever made for a
pen on o: grant instead of it; and is General Har-
rison or his widow more meritorious? But General
Brown was poor, and his widow was ¡eft destitute;
and therefore application was rande, and a grant
allowed, instead of a military pension.
This was the first instance wilhm his (Mr. W's)
knowledge, of an application to pension a civil offi-
cer being likely to succeed; and a dangerous inno-
vation, he felt convinced, it would prove. Any
civil officer, by the mere act of taking possession
of his office for a month, ought to get his salary for
a year, on the reasoning adopted by the Senator
from Delaware, though only performing a month's
service. If that can be shown to be right, he (Mr.
W.) would go for ihis, and all bills of the k:nd.
But it must first be shown satisfactorily.
If this lady was really poor, there would be
some plea for sympathy, at least. But he could
point to hundreds who have that claim, and not on
account of civil, but military service, who yet have
obtained no such grant, and never will. He could
point to others in the civil service, who had gone
to great expense in taking po.-.session of office and
then died, but no claim of ibis kind was encou-
raged, though their widows were left in most ab-
ject poverty. AD analogy in civil cases was
against going beyond the death of ihe incumbent
m allowing fiber salary or gratuity. He (Mr.
W.) did not rise with a view of going into r.rgn-
mrni on the merits of the hill, but merely to ex-
plain why he could not vote for it as he had done
for the bill to relieve ihe widow of General
Biovt-n. He felt entirely justified, l'"tii by prec-
der.r and analogy, m relation to ihs vole he Iv.d
givt ji ib' that bill and the voic he should now give
against ¡rus bol.
"Mr. BERRIE5T said the Senator from New
HdU>ps'ure wa.* under a m¡ aprehensión in relation
to the ¡'rant to the widow of General Brown. It
bad been presented to Congress by General Harri-
son in the form of a pension bill, and was objected
to; it was then presentad in an amended form as
an appropriation of the amount of one year's com-
pensation. On this ground the Stnator from New
Hampshire, [Mr, Woodbury] had voted for the
biii. There was no r-fo.t ou that bill, nor vas
thrre any preamble to if, nor specification of rea-
sons for maici'ig ih= gran;.
Mr. VOOD3URY said ihe Senator fiorn Geor-
gia mistakes if ho be'iíves tk-.ii hs (Mr. W.)
thought ih'-re was a preamble to ihe bill which
passed for Mrs. Brown, sajii.g, in so many words,
it -.vas for a pension. Bat he voied on thu occa-
sion from the impressions ¡ nd for the reasons
stated, and other* might have voted for different
reasons.
The objfet of this reference was that their might
not be the tame uncertainty in future a< to the
character and grounds of a bill, but that it might
be in the power of every gentleman to explain in a
distinct manner to his constituents what was the
gtound upon which his vote was given. If this
bill had been introduced by a report or preamble,
-■'•■ -•                           ~                    .....                         -    ....   g
explaining the ground on which it was made,others
could hereafter obtain some clue to the reasons for
the present vote; but taere is no pretence that this
isito be a military pension; on the contrary, it looks
like the entering .wedge to a system of enormous
civil pensions. He would again tell the gentlemen
who advocate this bill that if they can turn to the
Constitution and point out the principle or clause in
it which is now about to be acted upon, and in
which the funds of the United States can be thus
given away for civii services that have already
been paid for, it wi'l save much trouble and argu-
ment. But there is none such. Some try to find
their authority in one thin,'', ^orae in anotner; ana
the Senator from Mas.-.a'-3u-.etts fine's bis in his
hear, it would be bt'tter, in c.isec of legislation,
if it could be found it  the Constitution. The
heart i; often a very good guide in private life; but
wbe'her, in the civil and political affairs of the
world, people could get along very well without
som? other ru'e or without a fixed constitution, few
can doubt. If they could, the Constitution had
better be burned, ?.s it has often been very trou-
blesome to some of the gentlemen now present,
and their political friends, when Cumberland roads,
Maysvilie turnpikes, canals, Panama missions, and
light houses in the skies, were under consideration.
But now a new discovery by the Senator from
Delaware had, ¡t was to be supposed, removed all
scruples on all subjects, as we, in his view, possess-
ed uncontrolled authotity to disposs of the proper-
to of the United Suites, and hence, in our discre-
tion, can apply it to any object whatever.
It is to be regretted that this notion had to re-
ceive general sanction under the present Adminis-
tration, instead of being found out or invented ear-
i lier, so as to have saved all the volumes of consti-
tutional   doubts  which   have   been written and
j spoken. It is quite a stride even beyond the gene-
ral welfare.
But encuah of this for the present. Some gen-
tlemen could discover no reasons for the grant to
the sufferers at Venezuela, that would not apply
to this. The reasons offered by the Senator fiom
South Carolina as to this case, were certainly plau-
sible. Our power, without doubt, being but as that
of our nation, and not of separate States, in our
foreign affairs, extended to much, as a nation, and
in respect to otiier nations, which might be restrict-
e ' in the domestic relations wi!h the States.
Heree has been the endeavor to conduct  an ex-
! ploring expedition on enlarged principles of inter-
national enterprise and discovery. And how has
it been in regard to our exploring expedition? Or
in the case of the Piench pensions? If our ship
had knocked down a hou-e by accident while firing,
would we not have had to pay for n? and why not
as well lor ioss of life make reparation?   So in the
j   Venzue'a caso, it might oe justified on international
;,  conrtrsv and humanity, which would apply in our
!i un.iod domestic powers and r'ghts. So m the case
of Alexandria, justified as v-vhoi this District, and
not aplicable out of it. So in the case of the
Poles, which was not an appropriation—it was a
sale upon time—not a donation, for the land is to
be paid for at the minimum price. All this goes to
show the expediency of i:btain¡iigfreports of the
grounds upon which Congress is called upon to
act.
Mr. BERRIEN repeated that the bill in the case
of General Brown's widow was first rejected as a
pension bill, and rejected on that a.-c unt; and
then reported  as a mere grant, upon which ground
j it was passed. The idea is that fas Government
acts in its national capacity with foreigners; but
he could see no rcasin why it should not act in the
same capacity in leiation to one of its own meri-
torious citizens. He maintained, that in relation
to ihe officers of 'his Government, Congress had as
much power to act, as in relation to the officers of the
Revolution at home, or to any person exterior of
the country who had assisted them. Hs would in-
stance Lafayette and others. Any specification
that conld be introduced into this nil! would not
preclude parsons who have claims from presenting
and urgine tbem on the attention of Congress.
Mr. WOODBURY. As to the case of fie officers
of ihe Revolution, cited by the Senator, some gen-
tlemen may have voted on thoss occasions, oa the
