CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
committee, to do as they thought best m regard
to it.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
th'rd reading
Mr. CLAY moved that the bill be read a third
time thi-o; bat it requiring unamimous consent, it
was objected to
Tao Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TntmsDAy, June 24, 1841
Tne SPEAKER annoupc d tie unfinished busi-
ness to be ihe motion, heretofore submitted by Mr.
Randolph, to print ihe memyr al presented by him
in relation 10 ihe operanort of the present tariff
iaws on the lion manufactures of the Unued
States.
And, no further debate arising, the memorial
was ordered to be prti.ted.
Petition's and memoráis were calK'd for in the
revese order of the S a'e3 and Toiritune , and
were presented by the fo lowing members:
Mr. MOORE of Louisiana.
M'. WISE of Virgin a.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland.
Messrs. SIMONTON and NEWHARD of
Pernsylvan'a
Mc^rs BÍRDSEYE and CHITTENDEN of
New York
Mr. EVERETT of Vermont.
Mr  ADAMS of Massachusetts.
Mr BRONSON of Mame.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The committees were then called in tl.eir order
for reports
Mr FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill authorizing a loan not
exceed ng the sum of twelve millions of dollars, of
waich the following is a copy:
A BILL authonzmg a loan no* exceeding ihe =um oí twelve
millions of dollai-
Beilena 'ed ^c That the Piesidcnt of the United States
op in! he is heieby pmpowtied to borrow on the ciedlt 0*"
the United Sutes, any Mim not ex eeding twelve millims of
dollar", at a rate of inteiest payable quartTly, no ex
needing five ptt centum pel annum, ind lelnibirsa
ble at the will ol the Government, at anv time a ter tu" first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and fifty to foe
<i) ptiKil, ni addi ion to the money now n the Tieasur>, or
which may be rece \ed therein from other souices, to the ply
m°n. and ledempuoiof the 1 reasuiy notes heretofne autho
tizt-d which are or may be omstmding and unpaid anltode
lray any of ihe pu die expenses winch hove been hereto le or
witch may be authorized by law which stock shaft be lian*
ferable on yol t le books ofThe Iicasuiy
Seo 2 l/idbeil fui tker enacted 1 hat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is heieby audi n ¿ed with the conspn of
the President, to cause to be piepa ed certifie ites of stock,
sign d by the Secretary and countersigned by the Regis ei of
tho Treasury, for the sum to b btrrowed,or any part th ieof,
bearing an inleiestof five per centum per annum and uatis
iorable an Í leimbur^ab e as afore aid, and to cause the sai 1
t ertlfkatcsof St ck to be sold Pioeided, T ia no stock b., sold
btlow par
Sec 3 Andbf it furtlie'enacted, That the Secretary of the
Tieasiry be id li is h lebj, authorized to íecdve propo
sals for t tin ig ti e taiman oi to emrliyan agent or a<>en s
f ir the puip «of ng matin" the sai e and to pay'tohun oi
them a leasmahl  commission not exec hug one tenth of
one pel centum on the a no i so ncgoua ed which sum to
be allowed to s ich agent or jseris, ail such evpen^e as
may be nece sanly mcuirel n punting and issui tg cem
urates of st >c t and other expenses i acid nt to iht- new e\e
r uion of thi~ t in ill not exceed ig twelve thousand dol
lirs which urn i heieby apjropua ed for that pmpo«e, arc!
siallbe paidotttof any money in th IVasiirv not othtittise
approprute!
-nt t Anlbf it fiathn cnact'd That the Secietliy ol
'he lr._a.sui5 i- hcieoy aut'nr zed topuuhase at any time be
toie tie peno' heiein limite 1 for ihe redemption of stock
heieby an honzp 1 such pirtion thoicof as Ihe funds of the
Government ma, admit of after mee ing all the demands o i Ihe
11ea ui y
sec 4 And be it fui tin rnaefd, That the faith of ti e
I nted Stites be, and l h rnv plcl'el fn the nut ctual pay
ment of the ínteres and ledemp i in of said tck
Tie bi'l h'Vin  been n-ad twice, was referred to
'he C Mm tte  ol the Waole on the state o ¡he
Urnn, and m j*red to be prtp'e1.
Mr. VV C JOHNSON, iron the Commu'ee on
the Pubi„ Landst repoited a ti'l n ppp-oprtf-r- the
p oceed, ot ihe sa'es of t!-e pubhc land-, ?nd to
grant pre emption light
On irouon of Mr J  th-b U, havng berr rtal
twice, was referred to the Commi'tce oí th' Who e
3n the s'ats of lh" Union, and ordered to b° punted
Trie next order of busme s was re-o u ions
Tie following  re olu'ion, offered  yesterday by
B' r CisiUNG, coming up in i's ordei —
liebolied That the 'iecrc i-j of the Treasury be dir cted n
ommumeateti ti s House at the commencement of the next
e„ion of Congress, a statement oi t)ie piope«svf)n«Ii J Utiieii
have been made in the survey of the coast of the United Staws'
including the number, location, and length of the several base
lines measured lor the manipulation, the s aiions oct upicd there
lor, the observations made ror ana the coi reel ions applied to the
same, the astronomical onservatiotis male for the determina
t on oflatitude or I nsitud", the work d n>* by e cicorp^ern
p'oyed m the service, anil adesciip lve list of the chai ts pub lsh
ed, if any
Al o tt e amount of mon y expended on the survey of he
cías f om time to tin e,smcr scorn nencmeot showi 12 what
sums hive been appiopnaed for the parcha eot lnstru nen's
andboof" (he namesoi all persons em loyed upon the survey,
distlng itsbang sue 1 as ma; hav„ been of tne anuy or navy to
gether with their salai IPs n other compen 1 ion at Ihywhom
appointed 10 theotrvin, exhibiting as well the dnert appro
priat on for the survey o! ¡he c last as the irdirect expenditure
upon it bv leason of the employment therein of the public \ es
seis and ofiVeis
Also the pi ibable lep°thof time and anonnt ofnoneyre
quired 10 complete the survey of the coast in the «node hereto
foie pu sue 1 wi h surges 10 s of any 0 h 1 mode of surveying
the same wh en shall have f u its object the ocqm tlon of the
grea est amount of useful mlorma ¡on in the si uest time ard
at the leas' exren°e
Mr CUSirll \TG oa'd tl>at he-vi 'ed to address
the Hou e brpfiv in ^uppirt rf the re=ohi'ion
This pn eron - hídbe i nii-ms1 y unleriak n in
the your 18C7, at toe m-ipn-e ot ir Jeff-rson
An act of Con rts^ was the1  pj^sed a/thonzipg
t -= ^urvev, an i the =-um of §50 000 was then ap-
propriate \ tJS'ards the expers* of the work.
Nothing was done, however, at that tiae, of mucn
cmsequ nee, except of a prepia'oiy natufe, aud
the Uidenakiog s"omi d to nave befn suspended
for nmny years B'U w 1831 an act wus passed
reviving tha' of 1807, and from tbar time to trie
pre'ent, appropriations nal been na e annually
for the prt secuti m of the work, amounting in the
whole to «orre six < r s ven hundred thrusi' d do'.
lars. A survey of the c w lor top gr?pmcal and
maritime purposes ws all that appeared on the
faceti 'he ^cts It had been said, howvti, i*.?t,
as incidental ti ho naam o^jec , one of thr pu-
posas cntemp'ated was to survey and measure an
arc of lh> mend an for the purpos  of rbUinrg
and verifying a unit of measure, ¡n ia>nat on oi ihe
great enterprise of the same «on undertaken in
France. How far this incidental purpose might
have been contempU'ed, he did not know, nor did
h  mean to find fault wi h his, or to deny that thi 
m ght be a thirg itnporlan' and des rabie to be
done, but immediate prac ical obj^Cb ought not (o
be sacrificed to th s. What th> coimtrif first of
pll needed svas «uch a innev oe the coast as might
be advantpgeously applied te the use of cotn-
merce and navi^a'ion. In i^e accomplish ren' of
this object, without rerko mg *i e p r'od of
time betsveen 1807 and 1831. out Legmnin  at
tee latter year, wh-n the work «a^ resumed in
earn- t, ten yars hid already elap ed, and he de-
sire í to uraer^land, ana h° knew the m h exi lei
v^ry g nera'lv to under tind, the piecise xe ults
nf th" survey si far as it h'i b°t n rr s c.<ted
Toe repoit<! mid° by Mr Has 1 . íion H'n  k
time wtf of an exliei>e y g nera' ¡ 1 t m is . c-
tcry des-nptiop. No maps o' a n s '{any pa t
of ihe survey hii'F yef be n pub sh 1 rr i pía ie
?rcessib'e ¡o naviga'or^, so far as he (Wr C ) wa;
infon d From t   r p r'sti Mr Ha<s .r, ' i
t.e pub ic do^'immts, it appeared taat dur nt, tnese
tei year , and at an c\p i se tf iut seven 'u.'i
dred tHo"sa, 1 d 11- \ in d - c' a^ir pr a(i ^s,
anf, f r a ight ht (3 C ) "■•«, <^s mnch mace
ir,cidenl?!n, i •• the eipen s. oi i.' put i" v =ss ¡s
and iBeers ot tne na"-v eio Ujtd t > pssi t m he
work, .Ol tha' h d heen ' pe ra« ti sji ■■/th.'1
c^i t ¡rim the eas rm t\ e . j oi Lon" is n.d to
De'a vare bay Tne meaibTa 11 t e II isocoull
judge, ironi tne tiTe ?n ' it n^v eip i.ded n 'sr-
ve) ing tils rma'l se^ ion oí top c as' of th > United
S atts, ho* Un¿ ti^ " ?nl hiiV -pach mine; it
would take to comp e > the juviy ir )'n Passama-
quoddy biy to tne Sibil." Certa n it wa=, t at
irrm ¡he soi c ndN o' C nr i ls and tie c^u i ', n
have praet c^l snrvt t s of the c^a t ¡oi t e t^ <
the pi sent general oí, v i"> i" va' ir^' foi what
s e tif-it t ) b* n vnr <oi. n™. th- c nrl" k i oi \tr
H* r ei's ^crtr, i~i ^t $ ■ <ti ohítí- i o i e. ~'ki
pirnal ' uveys, su'i as ihoje ti Cape C i <mJ
George'^ Moal, an t ii c rMol'unt par' i i,^
Sin htinSaits ríe (VI' C ) h.. 1 good .tasun to
Le i°vo hi, Ovvm^ to ihe wont h< v ng b\n giv -n
up -o eniuely to the ihscetion of Rír Hís-ler, the
h gii compensation paid, and ■ ner a iy 'he allow-
ance of an extra ptr diem pay to some of the per-
sons employed, which tended to operate as a sort
of premium upon procrastination, the proseeiuion.
of the enterprise towards its completion was an.
reasonably delayed. He (Mr. C) had been
availed by some members, tha other day, when
the subject was before the House, for presum-
ing to criticise the mode in which Ihe work
v.as. corducted by Mr. Hassler. He (Mr.
C ) knew nothing in Mr. Hauler which could
exempt him from the same salutary -upervision
on the part of Congress, and ttie same scrunny of
his official acts whien is applied to every other per-
son in the employment ot the Government. Mr.
Hass'er might be a man of great science, but it
was ihe right and the privilege of every member of
the Hous", and it was the duty of the House itself,
wi enever any money was appropriated, to irquire
into the meihod m which the money was to be ex-
pended. He (SI' G ) exercised th^ right ln'bnng-
lna; this mat'er be'ore the House It had been con-
fi !en ly asserted ihat Mr. Hassler kept to himself
important facts a-ctrtamed in the ¡>arvey—such as
a pomoa of the muhematical eleme.iti. of the
wor<r, in order to render him elf necessary to the
G vernment If the report to this effect which he
(Mr. C ) had repeated'y heard talked of was true,
it won d be reason enough for at once di<eharguig
Mi Haasler frosn ihe s-rvice of the Government,
even if ihe effect of this should be lo lose the bene-
fit ot all that had thus far been done; for it wonld
be insufferable that any person employed by the
Government should thus assume to himself the ac-
qui mons roadp at the public expense and for the
public benefi , and it he should be di charged, he
(Va. C ) d'd rot beluve thete would be any dlffi-
i cultv in finding competent peiso is to carry on the
worn, fir 'h re was no wan. of malí matieal
knowirdge in ihf United Stat *, nor was thfre any
mvsteiy in h's bus'ness, since ihe various publica-
tions m France and elsewhere on the similar wdks
carried on in Europe, affoided abundance of m-
struc'ion on the subject, which any body might ac-
quire and use who pleaded.
Mr C. distrusted all mydery in matters of sci-
ence, m which concealment of any sort whatever
was, to his mind, strong evidence of quackery.
But if, on the contrary, the revolts on this subject
were untrue, it was due to Mr. Hasher, and he,
mi s1 ot all, ougfel to denre full and en npiet  mves
ligation of the subj ct, in omer to disabii e the pub-
h- mm iconetrmni  it. On ihe waole, ail that (Mr.
C ) asLe t for was mqjirj, he wi bed this survey
to be continued and comp'eted as earnestly as any
ro-mber of the House could, u was preposterous
to suppose that he could have any desne to stop
■ he work along the Southe'n coast. It was the
^hpsandthe men of the New England States
wich, most of al!, were suhj=ct lo be engulfed
in tho eeas a  d s*ianjtd on the qu'eksands oí the
Sou'he n coas , and whien, beyond and before all
o eis, ni eded to havp that'coast thoroughly and
i-etuy ttr t <ed Wi? he > imosed to himself
*a , t) tndiaroito sav<« mj-i-y and to save
u ,e in th1 a can phsiment ot ibis grtat nauonal
lin'cuaia g, ¿nuhehtd sno'nd ed tuis resolution
as tne fi st step towards ti e afta imept oí ihese ob-
j c's. Whan ili-1 information emeu, it could
oe jei< rred to a com ¡uitee, and, it nothing else,
woild b" tee means ol guiding the judgment of the
H lust in 'tnakmg fulure appropriations for the
coast s uvey.
¡Vlr. HOLMES convntntid upon what he de-
Mgnaied the extraordinary corns  of die gentle-
man Jro'ij Massachusetts, [Ml Cbibing.J m mak-
n_ a prein ditate i attack upon ¡he character, the
s ípuce, anu the mot ah  of Mr Hacsler, and -said
t a ib-gentleman had under.aken to slander the
subj'Ctot his r maikv, for me purpisv cf preju-
di i <f, 11 edían'e the mi^ds of hi-members of
ih1 ri^us" Sir H refu'ed th- s>ve al posiiions
o Mr. CosHtinG, and manila utd that -ctenre was
no1 so p.rfealy smp'e as the gentlsn.aa supposeo';
rd as evi lene- of ti - a scrnon, and of the
sc'-iitific ski 1 ot Mr. Hrs ler, he mentioned the
fact toat about eisht year  .i~o one ot oui engi-
n ei.s erected a fort on the British side, instead of
on our own Trie engmper w 'ss-icn fia, but Mr.
Hassler was more so. Aft<n 'n- oi two hundred
thousand dollars had been expended on the fort,a <J
