112
CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
before its completion, through the agency of Mr.
Haisler, the fort was withdrawn, and thus was
ultimately saved to the Government a millionland
a half of dollars. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, instead of indulging in a tirade against
the Government, had taken the trouble to inquire,
he would have been made acquainted with the
truth.
Mr. Holmes ventured to say that the asser-
tion made by the gentleman from Massachusetts*
that Mr. Hassler concealed important facts ascar-
tained in the survey, was a perfect absurdity; it
would be impossible for him to do, as the officers
engaged under him were men well acquainted with
science.
Mr. H. in the course of his remarks, adverted in
times of highcoramendaiion to thesignalssrvceMr.
Hissler had rendered to the country, not only by
furnishing us with the most perfect chart's that had
ever been made, but in giving us a uniform stand-
ard of weights and measures.
Mr. EVEKETT said that he presumed there
could be no objection to the passage of this reso-
lution. It was a call for information, most of
which would no doubt appear in the annual report.
He should have said nothing had not thegendeman
from Massachusetts [Mr, Cdshing] made the reso-
lution the occasion of a reiteraied attack on the
character of the gentleman who had charge of ihe
coast survey—ot sending forth what he (Mr E )
deemed unfounded, unwarrantable, and wanton
slanders. He could not accounf for the course of
the gentleman, who professed to be in favor of the
continuance of the survey. He was not disposed
to put an unfavorable construction en the gentle-
man's motives; with them he had nothing to do;
but he could attribute h>s course only to a want of
information of what had been done, and to the
promptings of some discontented lieutenant.
The gentleman comp'amed that the reports of
Mr. Hassler were too genera!. Mor does hp stop
there. He charges, (c. <r,tnued Mr. K ) and takes
upon himself the responsibility of t'ie chcrs-p, thai
they are made so genera! for the purpose < f mysti-
fication and concealment. He goes further, he
charges a concealment of the information obtained,
and that, too, for the purpose of rendering himself
* necessary to the Government.
As to the generality of the repoits, what does
the gentleman expect more than a general state-
ment of the progress and state oí the work? Djes
he expect a geometrical detail of a work in pro-
gress? As to concealment, is the g?n'leman aware
that the details of this work are kept m triplicate,
for the very purpose of preservation? That these
ere the property of the Government, and which,
wita Ihe maps already made and in progress, are
open to his inspection, and thitof any othsr gen-
tleman who would take the trouble to call at his
office to see them? There is no .shadow of foun-
dation for the charges. Much time has been taken;
much had been done, and, he (Mr. E ) be-
lieved, well done. Tne cost from ihe ea\t end
of Rhode Wand to New Jersey had beensurveved,
the primary maps made, and wbich were now in
grejs of reducuon for "publication. The presses
and the plates for engraving had been procured,
and in due time the mips would be published.
Gentlemen could not expect that these mips could be
made with the facility with which a surveyor plats
the rirvey of a township. They arc necessarily the
work of a single person A nuiru°r of persons
could not be employed m reducing 'he su-veys.
As tt the tira" wh>eh >ad been taken  h ■ would 'ay
thai a companion ofr'^ults wiih any other work of
a' :milar,character wot.id be vi ry favor?b'e to ihis
woik.
Ihe gentleman had or ginated tne ideao'th-
venfieaiion of the measurement of a decree oí la-
tí ude was a h.ddii  ouject^f the survey: tip iVa
was original, it belonged to hir.i. Bu', tatil Mr.
E. suppose such a verification 5 ion 1 be 0 ,e of
the results, where would be the liir&l The gen-
tleman says he is in favor 0'continuing the sjttw;
he must, however, be sensible tb t ihe ten lency
of his remarks is to defeat it. Yesterday he was
understood by the House to say that the triangular
survey could not be contm-jed on the Southern
coast.   He (Mr. E ) was glad to see by the morn-
ing paper that he was misunderstood. It could not
be believed that any gen'leman from the North
would, after the Northern coast had been surveyed,
object to the survey of the Southern coast. For
one, he thought the survey of the first importance
to the commerce of the country; and he believed
that any person capable of apprecia'ing the work,
who would lake pains to inform himself of the
details of the work, would be satisfied with its
progress.
Mr. WISE moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. GUSHING asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. WlSfcS withdrew tne motion.
And, the question being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
T. e SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from ths Treafury Department, trans-
mitting the plan of a Fiscal Agent.
On motion of Mr. BR1GGS, the communication
was referred to the Sei.ct Committee on tas Cur-
rency, and was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINTHROP was understood to move that
5,000 extra copies of the plan be printed; which
motion, by  the mle, lies over one day.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Winthrop, coming up in its order:
lietolved, That t! e Committee on the Library be instructed
to take measures iot pioeurmgannually ior 'leLsbraiy of Con
gn ss two or more copie" of all impoitant repoitser othei do-
nil nents on commercial, judicial, or other su..jects of interest to
our countrj, which may be published by the Paihament of
G'eat Britain, or by tiie Governments of other foieign nations
1! ovid&d, That the same shali be paid foi out of the standing
appiopnation. for the labial-,
Mr. CAVE JOEINSOPi moved to arrend the re-
solution by inserting aUpi ihe words "rtisnucd
to," th; tvorlb "inquii« into ¡he expediency of."       '
Mr. WINl'HROP said that he was per.ectly
wi'l-ng to adept the amendment proposed by me
honorable memb-r iron Tenne>see, [Mr. Johnson,]
find would thank ihe Clerk to al er the resolution
accordingly. The simple object of ihe resolution
was, ihsit means aught be tak;n to supply the Li-
brary reasonably wi h ■ uch tOioii'n State pap< is or
Par'iiunch ar/ 1 ooumuit; as would be of service in
the bus n-s, of our o.vn itg slalion. It was well
known that many such were prepared and printed
aoroad. The Parliament of Great Bri.ain (and he
believed it might be said of almost all other Go-
vernments, except our own) never entered on
any important work of kgHaiion without previ-
ously instituting an investigan n into the operation
of existing laws, into the cold tion of the interests
affected by those laws, and into the probable conse-
quences of the proposed change. He hoped that
the Congress of the United States would not always,
form an txception to so excellent a rule.
After a few remarks from Mr. TILLING-
HAST, the resolution, as modified,  was adopted.  1
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Roosevelt, cornm? up in its ordpr:
Resolved, lhat ihe select comtniitee heretofote appointed on
the currency l e instructed to inquire into the consti utionality
and c '  rile icy ol the passage e! a unl! urn bankrupt law apli-
cable tomoneyed coi poiation^, a, despeciaüy whether such law
would 01 would not be the mon eriicient measu <- 101 sestonng
and regu'adniz the currency, for preventing snspensior s of
specie payment^, and keeping ban'ts within reasonabte li
mits "
Mr. ROOSEVELT swi that it muU be evident
to every one who rend the lesolutnn wiih candor,
that there was nothing of a party charactpr aboui
it. The gan lemen to whom it was r- oposed to re-
fer the resolution were, a large majority of ihenr,
oppo-ed to himself in ptrty polaics. Mr. R. refer-
red tc a disti-ijui'hed mere'rant of Bis'on, who had
exp'essed the opinion that it «.a.-: constituuonal to
apply the op°*at]oi> of a b^nkm-H law so as "o co
vpr ihe ca5P cf bankinr corporations, (fi r whom,
indeed, such a law bid been or gmally mten jed,
as its 11a ne mnoi i-d,) and 'aid 't down as hi^ own
conviction tha ,uch a" a;n¡icati, a of th' law was
the only effi jea'remedv or ihemsoiders of the cur-
rency, which, as evc-y b-.dy knew, wss essentially
a currency of piper cicdi*. Tfto compulsion rf
the banks to red em their emulation in specie
would do th.it fir which Congress was so kudly
called upon, viz: equalize, so f?r as ihe nature of the
ease would permit, the exchargts of the country. It
would not, indeed, make the exchanges equal
throughout the land, but in all cases where the
balance between place and place was governed by
the necessity and by the expense of the transporta-
tion of specie, it would have this effec*. On this
subject Mr. R. contended that a great error pre-
vailed in the community—an error which extended
not merely to the working and agricultural classes,
but which prevailed even in the commercial also.
The error to which ha alluded lay in the idea that
what was in ordinary parlance called the exchanges,
for example, betweeu New York and New Or-
leans, was exchanges in the proper mercantile
sense of that word. Men we.-e wont to say " the
exchange with New Orleans is at 10 or 15 per cent.;
this state of things is intolerable; the exchange is
so high as to destroy all the profits of business."
But was the difference in the value of paper to
which such language was usually applied truly
sta'ed as the rate of exchange between New York
and New Orleans? He contended it was not. In
illustration, he would present a case: I hold
(said Mr. R ) the note of a man who is known
¡0 be able, from his property, to meet all his en-
gagements, and, from the probity and honor which
have marked all his dealings, to be as willing as
he is able to take it up when due. You hold a
note for the same amount fiom a man of a very
different character—a man notorious for his want
of punctuality—a man of doub ful credit moreover,
and who is noted for occasionally suffering his bills
to be protest!d. Suppose vie should exchange
the 0 nrte'-; is it not evident t a. tl e-e would be a
very wide difference in t.ieir actual value? That
d ¡Terence might amount to fifty 01 sixty, or even
to a hundred per cent, (for your iio'e might never
be paid at ,)11.) Now, t-<ke one note ^ssued by one
of thp 2o<ton banks, all which piy specie on de-
mand, and eyebarge jt for a ri-ic ot ihe same de-
ni nina' 0111 sued by some bank in IWississ'ppi or
Alabaran, wheryi'iere are known to be many banks
which are capible of meeting ¡heir engagements:
would any man make die exchange at par value?
Certainly no!; there would be a iarge discount on
the value of the latte note. Now, ihat discount on
the Alabama note 1; rot, st'ictly and properly
' peaking, t'ie niie of exchange between Massachu-
setts and ALbama; not at all; it is ihe only
difference bet-coen two debts, one good and
the other bud Yet it is usually spoken
of as th-1 ratp of exchange, sinply; and in this I
contend tLere is a very common practical error.
But thp error is lessening; tm delusion is dissipat-
ing ! men are beginning to see the truth on this
subject. Thisevil, which is ss powerfully felt, is
not to be remedied by altering the rate of exchange
between Boston and Mobile: it is to be remedied
only by destroying and patting down sueh banks
as are insolvent and unable to meet their engage-
ments, and by compelling such as are solvent, but
unwi.lmg, to pay the>r dents. When this is done,
exchanges, properly so called, will have been ren-
dered ai, equal as in the nature of things they can
be. Fiom the very nature of the case, the differ-
ence never can exceed 2á to 3 per cent. Boston
and Mobile, for example, have mercantile trans-
actions between them; Boston sends to Mobile
mere of her manufactured goods than she can re-
ceive back from Mobile in cot'on; Mobile there-
foie falls in debt to Boston. What can she do?
How is ihe to pay tb s debí? She ships the ba-
lance in specie; she has to pay for the transporta-
tion of thai .specie; and to that extent the rate of
exchange ij sgdinst Molile. The expense of trins-
pt nation consis s of two items, freigU and in-
surance; and these, put ¡ogeiher, never cam exceed
3 perc ■.;. but will oüenerfall below 24 So long
es the debt >i party discharges us obligations the
ríe f exchange cai.not excet..! that. Now how
is ti-e remedy 1-p-ak of to be appu°d unless by
subj c insr banking corpoiauons to the operation of
your binkiupt law? (And here I i-jsts it to be
unmr^'ood tnat it is no' my mvmi'in, to connect
this question vi'n the qnes ion of aNdt.on*.1 B.wk;
that would at once in vol, e it m p^i y considera-
tions and par.y feelings, which I wish in th's mat-
ter wholly to avoid ) I say that there is no reme-
dy for the evils now complained ot but to compel
the banki to pny specie on d°mand.
The resolut on is not intended to interfere with
gentlemen who have doubts as to the constitution-
ality of any bankrupt law.    It is merely a reso-
