CONGRESSIONAL OI.OBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.__________________                  WEEKLY---------_____________50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27th Cong.........ÍstSess.                                       SATURDAY, JULY 3, 1841.                                          Volume IO—No. 8.
Continued from No. 7.
lution of inquiry. I may, however, be permitted
to offer this idea—for as to the general question I
do not .profess to have made up even my own
mind—is it not competent to a committee to in-
quire whether the bankrupt law may not constitu-
tutionally be applied to banks? Some gentlemen
say it is not. I would ask of such gentlemen,
what is a corporation? Is it not an aggregate of
individuals? Strike out the individuals of which
the corporation is composed, and what becomes of
your corporation? It will be granted that when a
corporation sole, as it is called in law phrase, that
is a corporation consisting of but a single indi-
vidual, as a bishop, dies, there is an end of the
corporation; and so, when there is an aggregate of
individuals composing a corporation, if they all
die, the corporation itself is at end. To consútute
a corporation, you must have men. And after all,
is it any thing more or less than a partnership?—
a limited partnership, I grant you, but still a part-
nership. The individual partners put into the
capital the «mount of their respective shares, and
they shar,e the profits of the partnership in propor-
tion to what they put into it. So their liabilities
are in the same proportion; each man is personal-
ly liable only to the extent oí his stock—this being
fully understood and settled by law before the part-
nership goes into operation.
In New York there are two sets of limited part-
nerships known to the law; and I ihink that no
gentleman, after heariDg what they are, will deny
that Congress might constitutionally pass a bank-
rupt law to cover them. The first class is under
the law of partnership, where several indivi-
duals unite to carry on a trade or business, each
contributing a certain portion of capital, and each
drawing a proportionate share of the common pro-
fits: but one of these individuals may be what is
called a sleeping partner: he takes no active share
in conducting the business, but only contributes a
certain share of the capital. This with us is call-
ed a limited partnership; he is a limited partner;
and will any gentleman for a moment pretend that
because be takes no share in the active direet'on of
the business, he is rhpre.fore not to be included in
the provisions and i fleets of a bankrup' law, should
the concern become bankrupt
But there is. anoih?r ••lass of ih;te limited partrer-
ships. We in New York have tried at ¡east one
of the new experiments i;~ the matter of currency,
of which we hüve h?ard so much in certain quar-
ters; we have tbeie *.vb%< is callsrf the rrd-back or
red-dog systf;.!. >."5e-.afn individuals associate to-
gether coiidüiona'iy tor business put pose; we do
not give trsc>n a diaileror cy-vofgie name, but
we authi'iii"? tiieci to ;i-soc;a;>.; imdir ecriain limii-
ed !iab:l.'.ie,<,  .n 1 te sus av' be sued in hie nr.rae
of their president, i A tls b.isl, of such a law, they
issue paper. r.nd floe ' ¡he State w.th it; i hey are
moneyed associations, bm,ou full and solemn argu-
ment, the cour : havn decided that thev are not,
in law, corpora loss. Now, I ask, what
is the pecubpr fefure in such associations i
to take them out i f il:<3 provisU.iis of the Constitu-
tion giving Ccs'z ■ ■' -, posvr tJ p:.í.' d gciurai bank-
rupt k ? It i> l. priicip'e of our Sta.e CoCsUttt-
tion thai S.ÍU- ntrai.- made in the S'ate ar> to be
considered as madt undo; an.i with a knowledge
of the lass-of the S¡i¿;c, ...id the exi-ting law Kt
¡be moment the "jatiar vtat uade- is tc he held
and taken  s part .£ the c .ttract in these rea 
dog associations, '■"' 'i inemnei if bible to '.hi. ex-
tent of hio stock ciit/.bated. You have, it is uae,
no right to extend l.y you1 national Ian his liabi-
lity under the 'aw of his c l -Slatt-, but you may
compel him ") iu'.fil his cblis'itioiis or to sunendcr
the propel,y he bol is in the ccrpura'ion.
I think there can hard.y be ar. rejection, to the
inquiry proposed by toe «sol-v-ion. And. then, as
to thee lawi'ttee to whom it is to be seat- I drew
the resolution as directed to the Select Committee
on the Currency, and I sent it to   tiiera because
they were constituted in a peculiar manner to take
charge of such subjects; others, however, are of
opinion that it had better be referred to the com-
mittee which has charge of the subject, of a bank-
rupt law, that is, the Committee on the Judiciary;
more especially as my friend, over the way from
New York [Mr. Barnard] has turned his attention
particularly to the subject of banks and banking.
I shatl not insist, but am willing that the reso-
lution shall be referred to the Committee on thei
Judiciary.
Mr. BARNARD said he was g'ad his colleague
had introduced the resolution; not that Mr. B. was
in favor of the object it aimed at—by no means; but
he was glad that its introduction had given his col-
league the opportunity of making a speech on a
topic which was a favorite with him, viz. banks
and corporations. It was a favorite topic in the
city from which they both came, and one oa which
some degree of madness prevailed there, ia fact a
mania; ta d all who were acquainted with his col-
league know that he was a little touched with that
mania. Mr. B. was giad, however, that his coi-
leaeue had at least discovered that banking corpo-
rations and other corporations were not quite such
terrible "monsters" as the gentleman sometimes re-
presented them to be. His colleague had asked
"what is a corporation? Is it not amere associa-
tion of men—a mere partnership?" And how, then,
could [his colleague make such a formidable and
ferocious monster out of a '-mere partnership?"
As the resolution had been originally directed, it
had been sent to the Committee on the Currency,
and Mr. B. could not but consider it as extraordi-
nary that this isolated question should have been
excepted out of the duties required o( the Judiciary
Committee. Did not the gentleman know before
he drew ihe resolution that the House had referred
the whole subject of a general law of bankruptcy
to the Committee on the Judiciary, of which com-
mittee the g-ntleman himself wa  a member? The
whole subject, whetn;r m relation to natural persons
or to artificial persons, had been referred to that
committee. This his colleague well knew. What,
then, could have prompted him to propose to take
away part of the general subject from their juris-
diction, and send it t<> the select Commii'ec oa Ihe
Currency? Por wh<¡t had the Commiitee on the
Currency been raised? To look ¡nto the subject
of baakiuptcy, whether in iis application to corpo-
rations or to any body el =e? Certainly not. But
to present the project of a fiscal agent with the
functi-.ns of a bank. What had that to do with the
question whether the bankrupt law should be ap-
plied t.< backing corporations? His colleage. how-
ever, had now mvea hi? resolution a different di-
rection. He now proposed to send it to the Com-
mii'e: on ihe Judiciary. Mr. B. was opposed to
•he resolution, it proposed to the Judiciary Com-
mifee nothing that was not altead'/ before it. The
inmiiry moved by h;s col!.->a7ue was, whether it
wps constitutional and expedient to extend the
operations ef a general bankrupt law to banking
es poraiion-/? Was not this subject in possession
cf the corrniittee now? The "ommittf ■; were pro-
ceed .ug delibeialely and rnf.tureiy to consider the
whole subject, Pnd would present a report to the
House e-'ptessive of the <■ views it regard to ¡t in
all its bearings. If t'iey should coa>e to theeoa-
clusicn thstsuch an extensión was const''--aonal,
and w mid be expedient, they would introduce it as
a feature in r-.j bill. The gentleman knew
tnis. N:veraieiess, Mr. B. was glad he hf.u intro-
duced hi-' resolution, because it had íerntshf d him
with an pppCi'unity to make a speech, it would
have b-en e:;;el, absolutely cruel, had his col-
Hague bad no . pp ^tunity ty say somethina, about
banks and conv-iauJirs drang 'his called  .e«sion
of Congress. Toe gentleman could hardly have
gone bacK 'o ¡sis constituents, and therefore Mr.
B. was happy hs had had an cpp^rtuniiy—that he
bad created an opportunity for himself to deliver
his views. As tbe gentleman, had taken the ground
that he intended no disrespect to«the Judiciary
Committee in the movement he had made, Mr. B. **
was constrained to infer that he could have bad
but one objict in presenting his resolution, that end
had now been accomplished; the gentleman had
made his speech, and Mr. B. had listened to it with
great pleasure; and now, as the resolution was
wholly unnecessary—as the whole discussion was
out of order—he would conclude by moving to lay
t on the table.
Mr.  WINTHROP begged tbe gentleman to *
withdraw the motion, and hoped that, by common
consent, the resolution would be suffered to go to a
committee.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the reso-
lution, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. ROOSEVELT complaining that, after ma-
king an attack on him, his colleague had pre-
cluded reply by moving to lay the resolution on the
table-
Mr. BARNARD said if his colleague wished to
reply, he would withdraw his motion; and he ac- ,
cordingly withdrew it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said that this was the fitet
lime (although his constituents were particularly
interested in the currency, and other subjects for
which this session was specially convened) he had
troubled the House, either upon a question of order
or upon any other. It was, therefore, with ah ill
grace that, because he had risen simply to introduce
a resolution of inquiry, he had been accused of
doing so with a design of merely making a speech.
Above all did such an insinuation come with an fll _
grace from the head of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. Of all men in that body—if there was any
nuth in representations made either in or out of the
House—there was not one who rose there from a
more unqualified and unmitigated disposition to
make a speech than the gentleman, or one who
more frequently made himself the subject of bis
oratory. That gentleman charged him with being
the subject of a mania with regard to banks and
corporations. Where did the gentleman get evi-
dence of this? They had never before been asso-
ciated as members of the same political body.
The gentleman to talk of the mania of one of his
colleagues', when he himself, although specially
charged with .the duties of the Judiciary Committee,
(to whose care the subject of a bankrupt law, and
othe1- matters of a judicial character, were entrust-
ed,) instead of attending to his appropriate duties,
had seen fit to travel out of his sphere and
call upon his friends, and had concocted and
pressed upon the House his favorite plan of a Na-
tional Bank! And this was the gentleman who
talked of the mania cf his colleague with regard to
banks and banking! Dd not the House recollect
the prodigious nourish, the awful gestation, which
preceded the delivery, of this mighty progeny? the
condensed lineaments'of which, as exhibited on the
next mornitig in the National Inteihgercer, were
lame.'tably disproportioned to the painful contor-
tions which, on the preceding day, bad attended its
birth? Every gentleman who saw it must have
been struck with the appropriateness of the Latin
expression nsed on a former occasion by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, "Parturient montts
■nascitur ridiculus «v.tts.'" Mr. R. could see nothing
so enormously, large in it to require such a prodi-
gious writhing and contortion in the delivery. Pro-
bably, however, he was blinded by mania. As in-
timated by his colleague, the scales might not, as
yet, have fallen from his eyes. It was possible
that Mr. R. might not see himself as others saw •
him. (It was i-eldom that we "see ourselves as
others s e us.") It might be so; but he would ap-
peal to the House whether the gentleman himself
was not as good an illustration of the truth of the
words of the poet as any member on that fioot? If
he bad not been, his colleague would, on more oc-
casions than one, have refrained from making re-
marks in this House, and especially taken care not
to print them afterwards.
