118
he might perhaps relieve himself by saying that
when the Revolutionary pension system should
again be stirred, he would try to engraft upon it
some provision  based upon the immutable princi-
ples of right and justice. The indigent widows of
those men who were wounded upon the field of
battle, and from necessity had retired maimed and
disabled from the service of the country, before
the expiration of six months' service, had never
been'provided for. The claims of the children of
those fathers who hsd poured their life blood upon
the battle field, ard in consequence of being de-
prived of their natural protector, had struggled to
manhood in indgence, perhaps in ignorance, had
not cot yet been considered. While the laws of
the country conferred a pension upon the widow
of a man who served six months in the militia,
near the close of the Revolution, and who might
never have seen him till ten years after- the expi-
ration of his service, no provision had been made
for the man who actually served five months and
. twenty-nine days. There were classes of claims
for Revolutionary pensions much stronger than
those embraced in the law of 1838. His object
had been to take up the allusion of the Senator
from Georgia, and to present the facts to the Ame-
rican people as an illustration of what they may
reasonably expeci; what experience in our own
country, sustained by the history of every country
on the face of the globe, teaches them to expect
from this entering wedge to a civil pension or gra-
tuity list.
One word more in carrying out this illustration.
In 1818, it was said that as the bill granted relief
to the soldiers of the continental fine alone, the
number must be small, probably not more than
6,000 or 7,000, and would be rapidly diminishing.
The system was not to be a permanent one—no
such case could ever again occur, and consequent-
ly there could be no danger from precedent. The
continental roldiers, who had in fact never been
paid, were alone to be compensated—it was all that
would be asked—all that would be granted
What he had before said, showed how idle were
such expectations. In 1821, the number of Revo-
lutionary pensioners, independent of invalids, was
n round numbers, 12,000—-in 1831, less than
13,000—in 1841, nearly 60 years after the close
of Jhe Revolution, a larger army than Gen. Wash-
ington ever saw embodied upon a single field,
40,000. These were facts which he desired to
present in illustration of the remark of the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Berbien] If he was not
greatly mistaken, they afforded a salutary premoni-
tion of what might be expected under the civil pen-
sion or gratuity; a precedent ior which was now,
for the first time in this country, to be established.
Mr. YOUNG said he ¡.hould vote against this
bill, for the reason heretofore expressed, that the
ium proposed to be donate^, ($25,000) is extrava-
gantly large. I would liave voted a quarter's
salary, (6,250,) but beyond that he was unwilling
to go.
Mr. SEVIER said he had given a good deal of
attention to this bill, and to the arguments of its
supporters, with a view ©f discovering, if possible,
some ground to justify Us passage. But he had
not, with every attention, and with every effort of
his mind, for that purpose, been fortunate enough
to satisfy himself that it ought to pass. Indeed,
there was an evident indication on ihe part of his
friends, that impulse and feeling were the only
grounds "upon which they placed it—if there were
any others, of sufficient importance to justify
the grant, ihere surely could not be such a fixed
and immoveable indisposition to make them
known at once. Upon a motion to recommit this
Ml, with a view of engrafting upon it the reason
for this unprecedented, unusual, and extraordinary
grant, we find it opposed by every Whig in this
chamber; and one of them was kind enough to
isform us that there was danger of losing the bill,
if its passage was placed «pon any specific ground?.
Sir, he told us the truth. If a report were made
from the committee,stating the ground upon which
the appropriation was claimed, there would be a
falling off, and a majority could not be had
for it. They find themselves reduced to the
gnwerabie necessity of presenting it to us in a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSÉ.
vague, general, and indefinite character- They
avail themselves of the benefit of every possible
apology, which party sympathy and gratitude, hy-
pocrisy and imagination, can now create, and
which time, ingenuity, and chance may hereafter
bring to light. Sir, if, there can be found an ho-
nest, candid man in the Whig ranks, he must feel
for his brethren, on this occasion, anger, or pity
and contempt.
Mr. S. said, the Constitution of the United States,
which you and I have sworn to support in good
faith, says that the President of ihe United States "
shall receive for his services a salary, to be fixed by
by law, which shall not be increased or diminished
during his continuance in office. At an early pe-
riod of our Government, this salary was fixed at
|25,000 per annum, which he was to receive
quarterly. At that rate, a month's salary, which
was the term of his continuance in office, at
the rate of twenty-five thousand dollars a year,
has alredy been received by the executors of the
late President.   But this is not enough.
We are now called upon, with great zeal, and
a little bullying, to violate our oaths, and to give
to Harrison's heirs, not the salary which the act of
Congress has established, but the sum of twenty-
three thousand dollars, for services which General
Harrison never rendered; and we shall find every
Whig in this body voting for it, and every Demo-
crat denounced for voting against it.
Sir, my friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
was good enough to read us the constitutional pro-
vision, and the act of Congress passed in pursuance
thereof; and I thought he referred to those provi-
sions with an apparent show of triumph. But, sir,
it was but of short duration; he found in a moment
difficulties he had not before anticipated. He found
himself plump up against a wall; he was mum,
speechless, stalled; he scratched his head, and see-
sawed for some time before hs could proceed. And
how did he extricate himself from the difficulties
the Constitution and the act of Congress raised up
against him? Why, sir, he turned round to his own
side of the chamber, and mumbled out something,
which he would take upon himself to say, that
neither you or I, himself er any body else, could
understand.
Mr. S. said, if there be any thing on earth which,
from his heart, he despised, it is your quirking and
quibbling upon constitutional questions—your ef-
forts to stretch it to cover all sorts of cases—your
evasions, and dealings in darkness and in mystery.
Give me, sir,'(said Mr. S.) a plain, honest, blunt
man, who construes the Constitution in a plain,
honest, and common sense way, and who supports
it in good faith; and who never attempts to violate
it by subtle construction or palpable evasion—for
party purposes, or sectional interests. Such a man
could never support a bill like ihis. And why are
we to support such a bill? We are answered, we
should support it, beeause the heart speaks for it.
We are asked to support it, because it was the will
of Providence to take the late President from
among us so early after his installation into office;
and because hts election and his removal to this
place had cost him a great deal of money. And to
make out such a case, the history of the times is to
be forgotton or perverted. What did it cost Gen.
Harrison to come here? He said he would an-
swer—nothing; and he would appeal to the history
of the times to support what he said. Have we all
so early forgotten his journey from North Bend to
this place, of which the papers were filled at the
time. Have we forgotten the contests among his
friends for the honor of transporting him, gratui-
tously, in steamboats and coaches; and the contests
among tavern-keepers and private friends for the
honor of entertaining him all the way from Cin-
cinnati to this place, and from this place to the pa-
lace? And now we are to forget these things, and
to be made to believe, as a justification for the out-
rage of passing this bill, that his journey here had
cost him a great deal of money. Nor is this all: we
are told that his expenses while in the city, were very
great; that his butcher's bill for the month wasf 1800,
that is, about sixty dollars a day, for beef alone !
Beef enough to feed an army. Well, sir, if it cost
General Harrison, in entertaining his friends for
the month he resided here, such a sum of money
v
—if his substance was eaten up—pray who did it?
Who composed this army of bloodsuckers and
vampires? Who annoyed him while living, and,
if reports are to be credited, brought him prema-
turely to his grave? Let the gentlemen on the op-
posite side answer. Let ¿he legion of indelicate,
impudent, worthless, profligate office hunters an-
swer? Who was it that crowded upon him at all
hours of the day and night?—who accompanied,
followed him, dogged him, eat up his substance,
and, like hyenas, hunted him to death for o lice?
Was it the Democratic party who did this? Was
it for them that any of these great expenses were
incurred? No, sir, no: the excesses which cost
him so much, and the persecutions for the sppils
which killed him, lie at the doors of Whigery'
And those who devoured his substance, and drove
him to his grave, have no right to call upon the
Democratic party to pay one cent of the bill.
Let the matter be shaped as it may, this is one
of the reasons why these expenses should be de-
frayed out of- the public Treasury. This is one of
the plain, just, and modest principles the advocates
of this bill go upon. But this is not all. They
are determined that Democracy shall pay the
heirs of General Harrison, not only for Whig
excesses, not for the General's military ser-
vices, but the services he has rendered that
party in prostrating Democracy. This is palpable
to every body; and if any gentleman has the teme-
rity to doubt the propriety of such a grant, upon
such a principle, what have we? He had an ava-
lanche of indignation speeches heaped upon his
head. Well, sir, let the indignation speeches come;
he would tell the orators that would they not cram
this bill down his throat. He would vote against
it, if he voted alone. He could not see the pro-
priety or good sense of all this posthumus show of
national gratitude. General Harrison had served
his party—he had done wonders for them—he had
built up Federalism, and prostrated Democracy,
and on that account, it was perhaps all right
enough they should feel grateful; but he
hoped there would be an end sometime or other
for getting up excitements for the basis of Whig
triumphs. It is high time to let the remains of
that distinguished man rest quietly in his grave;
it is high time to drop this mode of keeping the
flame blazing, for no other reason than that of en-
abling his party to add triumph upon triumph, to
which the dexterous use of his name had already
given them. To what ignoble uses had that distin-
guished name already been prostituted? If any
worthy man is removed from office, at which the
public mind appears agitated and dissatisfied, an
attempt is made to quiet it, by saying General
Harrison had decreed it. If any villany or enor-
mity is to be punished, the public are to be sa-
tisfied by being told General Harrison had desired
it. If the purity of the ballot box is to be assailed,
©r rebellion against the laws of one's own State
justified and encouraged, as in the case of your
Badgers, Penroses, and Ritners, why, we are to be
told that General Harrison, in his life time, had so
resolved. If Abolition is to be encouraged, by
appointing to high public stations leading members
of that fanatical corps, we are to be satisfied by
being told that General Harrison had designed it;
and so are daily entertained. Instead of taking
the responsibility of their public acts, those high in
authority are skilfully endeavoring to screen them-
selves from all their enormities, under Harrison's
mantle. He hoped, at some time or other, to see
au end of this. He hoped now that the political
Mahomet was dead, to be saved at last from the
magical influences of his coffin.
He respected Mrs. Harrison as much as any
man did, and the more he respected her, the less
disposed would he be to make such use as was
now making of her husband's memory. Is it be-
coming in gentlemen to bring up his name, every
moment in the day, for every purpose and on all oc-
casions—to mingle it up in our pressnt violent par-
ty conflicts—to try to invest it with a magic power,
for their own selfish ends? Why do they not man-
fully take the responsibility upon themselves, and
go through with the measures and proscriptions,
without resorting to this new excitement to give
them a fresh start?   If they really have the re-
