CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
speot for General Harrison which they profess,why
not let him rest peacefully in his grave? That would
not do The name behind which they pushed
themselves in must be kept alive on every question
they have to carry, or they perish.
He, for his part, would not give a vote of con-
sent to pa/ any patt of this bill of extravagance
or any pension, for the purpose of prostrating De-
mocracy It seemed to hi ¡i to have been more
becoming to have followed out the suggestion of
the papers at the time cf his death, by raising a
sum of money to remunerate Mrs. Harrison for
the General's losses, by private subven ption. His
own pecuniary means, as well as the means of his
constituents, were somewhat limited, but they
would willingly have contributed their portion to
keep that lady from want, and in the enjoyment of
every comfort she might desiie Why were not
these suggestions followed out? He would tell them
Private contributions generally were not m accord-
ance to Whig principles The public Treasury—
the public Treasury must pay for every thing.
He cared nothing for their menaces or fierce looks
Neither he nor his consftuenls had any personal
iavors to psk a' their hands, nor did they dread
any injury which Whig vengeance can inflict.
Mr MILLER s id, that 5 esterday no objection's
to this bill were heard of but those of a constitu-
tional nature. This morning another difficulty ap-
peared to be in the way—thi-. bill is to destroy the
great Democratic part). One objection, of a con-
stitutional naiure, was, that Congt>.ss, though po--
sessed of the power to exc-ciae natioral liberality
abroad, had none to do it at home He did not
so understand the Constitution. He dtd not con-
sider ihe appropriation founded on the principle of
mere gratuity, it was, he thought, founded on the
justice of paying a debt
Mi M went ovet the grounds already taken by
former «p akers in tavor ( f the bill, namely, lhat
General Harrison was c?lied to the Ch ef Magi -
tracy by the almost unanimous voice of th" people,
and in obejmg the caU, had incurred great ex-
pense, which the people were bound'n justice to
pay. He insisted that the Constitution being in
itself a contract, authorized the contractimphed be-
tween General Haruson and the people, that he
shou'd obey the command made for hi  services,
and they should indemnify him from loss in doing
so; and illustrated this argament by a supposition
of one engaged for a foreign duty, and dying on
the voyage, being entitled to h s outfit and year's
salary; or aman engageü for a vojage of three or
more years, being entitled b« maritime law to the
whole salary, though he sh-ju4 die m the first
year.
Mr. M. was surprised 10 find the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Younq] had considered the sum too
large. He again contrasted the course pursued
by the Democratic Senators yesterday and to-day,
and said that he could respect objections of a con-
stitutional characer, but intimate 1 doubts ot their
sincerity, and quoted instances where Senators oí
that party had voted tor appropriations involvirg
the same pnnciple as this He was sorry to see
the opposition to this bill. It should have pass-
ed with the solemnity of a funeral The memory
of the illustrious Harrison would be perpetually
preserved, and a monument would be1 found in
the heart of every citizen, from the shore of the
Atlantic to the R„cky Mountain*.
Mr BENTON said he ft.lt bound to reply to ihe
remarks of the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr
Miller,] which he had principally based on a mis-
understanding oí the remarks 01 (is friend from
Aikansas, [Mr. Sevier ] He 'ajs that Senator;,
on this side opposed the bib ye-4erdayon constitu-
tional grounds, but to day they base their opposi-
tion on the ground of expediency, aid questions
the sincerity of their motives He felt constrained
to tell the Senator that he was entirely mistaken as
to the fact. While his political friends had placed
the constitutional objectioi, where it ought to
be, whenever it applies in the fore front of their
argument agamst this bill, they had laid out their
strength principally on other greund, as a question
of high national policy, and whether we were to
commence the system of civil pensions in this
country. He separated entirely his views of public
duty, from his feelings of private sympathy He
felt gratified that his, vo'e in this case could not be |
imputed to personal hostility, as the distinguished
individual whose name was meniioned in the bill
and himself had preserved friendly relation^ to the
close of his mortal career. Tne only two instances
m which he had been cslled to oppose grants of
this kind were these in which his personal friends
* were interested. With the late Major General Brown
and his family, he was on the m jst intimate terms;
and yet a sense of duty constrained him to vote
against the measure for their relief, though it was
based on much stronger grounds than the present.
In that case were the mil tary services of the Ge-
neral, the fact mat his death was occasioned by dis-
ease contracted in war, and the penury of his
family.
He said if this thing went on, the family of every
popular man who happened to die in office would
come upon the Tieasury for twenty or thirty thou •
sand dollars It was the first step m a <¡ys em of
civil pensions, where families weie to be placed
upon the Treasury—drawing from it large sums
for disservice of some individual connected with
it And this is to be governed by party predilec-
tions—by the politics of the individual—and the
polines of the party in power And how stands
the question a*, to the amount of gratuity here?
Some gentlem n have objected to the bill because
it dul not grant enough—m th"ir opinion it should
have been fifty tho"sand dollars. He considered
this as alarming;. It shewed there weie no bounds
•o these things except the impuro  of the moment
Mr B then referred to former Presidents, who had
gone out of office pior Look at the rase of Mr
Jefferson, a man than whom no one that ever ex-
isted on God's earth were the human family more
indebted to His furniture and h'S esta'e were
sold to satisfy hs creditors His p>-4entv was
driven from house and home, and his bor.es now
lay in «oil owned by a stranger His family are
scattered, =otne of his descendants are married in
foreign 'and'.
Look at Monroe—the amiable, the patriotic
Monroe, whose services were Revolutionary, whose
blood was spilt in the war of independence, whose
life was worn oat m civil service, and whose es-
tate has been sold for debt, his f-imily 'catiered,
and his daughter buried in a foreign Ian''.
Look at Madison, the m^dei of every virtue,
public or private, and he would only mcn'ion in
connection with this subject, h s love of order, his
economy, and his sjstematic regularity m all his
habits ofbusine*«. He, when his teim of eight
years had expired, sent a letter to a gentleman (a
son ot whom is now upon this floor,) [Mr Pats-
tin,] enclosing: a no e for five thousand dollars,
which he requ'Sted him to endorse, and r?i-e the
money in Virginia, so as to enable him to leave
this city, and return to his modest retreat—his pa-
trimonial inheritance—in Virg ma
These were honored leaders of the Republican
party. They had all been Presidents. They had
made great sacrifices, and left the Pres dency deep-
ly embarrassed, and yet the Republican patty who
had the power and the strcngp^t deposit on to re-
lieve their ntce^si íes, fel' tH y had nn ri^ht to do
so by appr pnatmg m-i^ey from the public Trea-
sury. Democracy wruld not do this It was left
for the era of Federal ru'e and Federal supremacy
—who are now rushing the coun'ry with steam
power into all the abuses and corruptions of a
monarchy, with Us pensioned aristocracy—and to
entail upon the country a civil pension bst
He had cal'ed the attention cf the Senate and ihs
eoumry to th'snew departure from the principles of
our Government. He hid endeavored yesterday
to raise a monument, a landmaik, to plant a
stone—to dig a hole, which would mark ihis de
parture—waeie this Government had launched out
into the field tf European provision lor ht support
of families. He had been forced, by what the Se
nalor from New Jer-ey had said, basing his re-
marks on a misunderstanding of the remarks of the
Senator from Arkansas, to make this explanation
He should give his vote for his country, and against
ihe bill.
Mr SMITH of Indiana sa.d that this moment,
in affording him the opportunity of voting for this
bill, was the proudest in his Ufe If the choice
was pres iitfd to him ot resigning his seat as a,
member of lhat body, or not to vote for the bill,
ho would most cheerfully retire from public life.
He considered this amount of a year's salary as
but a slight tribute to the exalted patriotism and
invaluable services of one of the gieatest men thu>
country had produced.
Mr. KING said the remarks of the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Miller] compelled him to
trouble the Senate with a few observations. He
had said yesterday lhat this, with him, was no par-
ty vote; and if he felt at liberty to follow the dic-
tates of his feelings, he would cheeifully vote for
the bill. This declaration the Senator from New
Jersey seems to doubt, and broadly intimates that
such declarations on this side are insincere. He
(Mr. K ) could not condescend to answer suca an
intimation He was not in the habit of making
declarations on that floor, or elsewhere, without
foundation He had no obj ct to gam by doing so
in the present instance He did not eipect the
vote he intended to give would eleva'e him any
higher in the opimns of the people of his State;
nor did he fear that he sh< uld incur their censure.
They knew he would do ¡us duty, honesdy, fear-
lessly
The Senator asserts that gentlemen on this su'e
have changed their ground of opposition to the bill.
This is mere assertion    Tne whole of the Senatoi's
argument was a*scrtion    He had evidently, fioai
the manner in which he had argued the question,
been animated by great zea!, but, in Li^ opinion, it
was a zeal  wihiut j ldgment.    This was not the
first time that he iM' K ) tnd been called upon to
act upon a subject of this nature.    He jesterday
alluded to tne ca e of Clbridge Gerry, one of the
leaders of the Repahltcan part., selected by that
party for the secón i office in the Governmeii*, and
at the time  of his death  Vice President of the
United States, and presiding over this body    He
d ed in ihis c ty, and a proposition was made to
give   hi-J     a'ary   to   his   destitute  family.     A
bill   for   th s   purpose    pa-sed    the   Senate   by
a   majority   of   two   votes—the   political   and
many   of   the  warmest   personal friends of the
Vice Pi esi lent voting against it.    In the House,
where he R-publican party had a large majority,
and where a'so there were man) warm friends of
the family of. Mr Gerr>, so convinced were they
of   ihur u'ter   want of cons'im'ional   power to
make the grant, ihai a motion  for its indefinite
postponement « as carried by a vete of 86 to 44—
his (Mr. KV) vo e being with the majority.    And
this was done in opposition to the warmest feelings
of personal friendship for Mr. Gerry and his af-
flicted and destitute family.   He lived m the same
house with him, he had enjoyed a long intimacy
wnh him, and bad derived much knowledge from
his long experience in public affairs; he hid break-
fAsted with him the morning of his death, and a
few moments   alter leaving  the  table   he   was
launched into eternity.    Could h  have been ani-
mated on that occasion with the unworthy feelings
attributed to him on the present occasion?   And
yet the Serator ^ p'easfd to attribute to him, and
the friends who aced with him,  motives of a po-
litical and pergonal character in opposing this bill, -
which, if true, would be highly disreputable to
them.
He rose to say that his cours  on these ques-
tions had been uniform and urdeviaung s nee his
entrance into po'ttical hie. Hi- vipws oí the on
sti utional power of Congress had mterpo ed them-
selves to the indulgence of his warmesi political
and personal predi ections, and the feelings of
empathy for afi amiable and destitute family
These opinions were honestly en'ertamed, and he
felt surprise a' the very different views enter amed
by other hmorable Senators But differing as
f)e> did in their views, «hy should gentlemen be
so ¡Pibeial as to >mpute unwonhy motives to ttieu
opponents—why refuse to fee just, iftney expect
justice themselves? It was true that his political
ft lends generally we,e opposed to this gra'Uity.
They acted m conformity with theT principles—
they were strict constructionists—but do not gen-
tlemen on the other side ac m the same manner.
They are  Iptitudmanans,  hence you find, theni
