Uú
voting in solid phalanx in favor of this bill, and
. not only voting, but indulging in labored eulogies
of the lamented man to whose widow the appro-
priation is made—eulogies which he would have
no object.on to hear in their proper places, but
■when indulged in here for the purpose of influenc-
ing iour legislation, he considered highly impro-
per. We should act deliberately, coolly, and dis-
passionately, and do right, regard lets of any ex-
tratieous influence.
Mr. WRIGHT said it was not his intention to
detain the Senate by going at large" into the whole
>• field of argument on this subject. When he came
to his seat this morning he h?d deliberately deter-
mined not to say a word upon the subject, and
but for tbe special and particular reference of the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Smith] to him, he
would not have yielded that determination. He
had merely risen now to say a few words in rela-
tion to the example cited in the case of Mrs.
Brown, of which it happened that he knew some-
thing more than had yet been explained. But, be-
fore he entered into details, he would take pe/mir-
sion to say, that this was one of those questions
which sometimes come up in the Senate, which he
always felt unwilling to discuss, because they
were treated,not as questions of argumen', but as
matters of impulse and feeling. There was no
class of cases, which opened so wide a field for
this exhition of mere impulse and feeling, as that
of tbe pension system. In all such case?—perhaps
unfortunately for himself—he had always consi-
dered it his duty to be against the sympathy, and
guided, he hoped, more by reflectum and a due
regard to sound principles and great public inte-
rests, than by those impulses of feeling which
alone seemed to actuate others, who gratified their
heans at the expense of deliberate investigation
and sound judgment. It was, at the same time,
pleasing to him, when he could, with both leeling
and judgment, support a measure of this kind.
He had voted for the grant to Mrs. Brown, be-
cause he felt satisfied, at the time, that the grounds
upon which it was urged were well established.
Perhaps in ¡his he was wrong, but then the
conviction of his own mind was, ihat he was
right; and, with the leave ef the Senate, he
would make some explanation on that head, and
 endeavor to draw a broad line of distinction
between that esse and the present. It was, as he
then considered, the true ground of expedí encv,
to make that grant to the widow of Gen. Brown.
It was undisputed that he died in the military ser-
vice of his country, and in poverty, and that he
left his widow in a state of great destitution. The
immediate force of the claim was grounded on her
extreme poverty. She was left suddenly a desti-
tute widow, with a large family, and that, too, of
daughters. It was alleged that this family, of a
most brave and deserving millttary officer, could
not even leave this city and convey themselves to
their home, without assistance to pay off the debts
they had unavoidably contracted here. On what
ground was the bill for that grant presented to the
House of Representatives? It was presented and
argued and passed there on the ground, first, of tbe
broad principle of expediency—that it had always
- been the policy of this and every other civilized
country to hold out strong inducements to those
citizens who would come forward and sacrifice
their ease and interests, and jeopard their lives for
the proteciion of the community—who would
come forward in t,mes of need, with confidence
that their country would not only pay them for their
services, but remunerate them, or their families,
for any calamitous consequences contingent up-
on the perilous character of the services in
which they engaged. This always has been
admitted to be the true policy of every civi-
lized country. If an officer is shot down
in the field of battle, a permanent law upon
our statute book grants his widow a pension for
five years. It would be considered monstrous
injustice to withhold it. Is not the policy equally
cogent, that the officer wounded in battle, whose
wounds are subsequently the cause of his death,
should have as just a claim for the pension of his
widow ? Does not true policy go even further,
í&nci point out that the man who is in the servioe of
Congressional globe.
_____________4_____________________________________
his country, and whose life is constantly exposed
to danger in guarding ¡he lives, property, and liber-
ty of his fellow cmzens—who may, at any un-
foreseen moment, te killed, and leave his family
unprotected and destitute of those means which he
could have provided for them in the ordinary walks
of life—that he, though he escapes these hazards
with hrs life, should have an undisputed claim to a
pension from his. country when no longer able to,
continue m arms? It was under the military pen-
sion law that General Brown was entitled to a pcL-
sion as an invalid. That his death was occasioned
by wounds received in battl*, was placed beyond a
doubt by the certifica'e of his attending physician^.
What vronger grounds could any claim have than
those of the widow of that d's'inguished and meri-
torious officer ? He (Mr. Wright) believed Gen
Brown died in the month of February. The claim
was for his pay and allowance to the end of the
year. This certainly established no principle for
the policy of pensioning the widow of a c vil «Ti-
cer dying in tbe public sei vice. It established no
precedent for a gratuity as indemnity io the fa-
mily of a civil officer for losses occasioned by
his acceptance of office, or death wBle in
it. Is it desired, as matter of expediency,
or policy to encourage ihe citizens of this Republic
to seek offl <e? Has the recent rush and scramble
for office shown that there is any necessity for
holding out additional inducements to lh-> cupidity
and avidity for office which already prevails to
such an alarming extent? He believed the g ntle-
men themselves—he would not say, speaking from
their own experience—weulci readily grant that no
such mdueemems were necessary. Tiisy would
admit, ihat in order to induce individuals to ac-
cept office, it was not absolu'ely indispensable that
Ihey should be assurrd of a pension for their fami-
lies in case of death during th^ir continuance in
office. They at least seem to fnd m difficulty in
obtaining candidates without the seduction of pro-
mi éd pensions or gratuities.
(j&If this bill is placed Oil the statute book—as every
body knows it will be, in spite of all remonstrance
—who can say how much further the p-nsion sys-
tem is to be carried? Who can tell the fatal ef-
fecis of the pernicious example which it will prove,
or the result of such a new and powerful induce-
ment for seeking office?
What is the precedent avowed for this gram?
There has been no reliance upon any in point but
that of the grant to the widow of On. Brown. Is
that really a precedent in point? Will any gentle.
men seriously say it is? Where is ¡he analogy, if
they fairly contrast that case and this?
It has been been urged that General Harrison's
expenses were great in consequence of his being
called to the Presidential chair. He (Mr. Wrioht)
confidently trusted it was not intended to include
the expenses of obtaining his election; he w&uld
take it for granted that all gentlemen meant by this
claim, was ihe expen«es in consequence of that
election. General Harrison was elected in De-
cember, and was to take possession of the Presi-
dential chair in March, He resided in Ohio up to
that time, enjoying the felicitations of his political
friends at whatever voluntary cost he thought pro-
per. What did he do that he was compelled to do?
Was he in fact under the necessity of making any
sacrifice at all? Did he break up his family at
home—sell off his furniture, and dispose of his
estate, or his family mansion, either temporarily
or permanently, at a sacrifice. He (Mr. Wright)
understood he did none of these things. He un-
derstood that none of his family even accompanied
him heie to the seat of Government; that he came
alone, in respect to his own family. If he had broken
up the permanent residence of his family—dis-
posed of  his domicil—sacrificed  his estate__his
widow might have some reason to complain. But,
did he do this? He (Mr. Wrioht) understood he
did not. On the contrary, he understood he pro-
ceeded with great caution. His wife did not even
accompany him; he (Mr. W ) believed she had
not even yet visited this rity. General Harrison,
with regard to his domestic relations, came alone.
Was that necessarily so very expensive? Was it
more so than for any member of Congress to
travel from Hamilton county in Ohio to the city of
Washington? He was here for a few days be-
fore he entered upon the duties of his rffice.
He was at one of the public hotels of the
city; and even for those few days, Mlowmg
that the dignity to which he had bean eleva'ed oc-
casioned more expense than he otherwise could
have been subjected to, it cou'd not, in that time,
have amounted to much, in comparison wuh twen-
ty-three thousand dollars. %The day he entered into
office, his salary began, and was, of coarse, ade-
quate to his expenditure. But, in one short month,
he fell by the hand of theunive sal destroyer, death.
Take it for granted tha* no expense, over his sala-
ry, occurred, m consequence ot his death, aud
what is reallv the amount of lo.-s foi which the
S nator from New Jersey is about to recover a ver-
dict from a jury of his eountry? Hon' will he make
out that ihi« debt of §23,000 nas accrued against
the country? Will he pruve tha- •• is a debt due to
this very worthy lady for the loss of her husband?
Has she suffered by his death to a greater extent
i because he was President, than if he had not been
in that high office, but had djed at his home at K ortb
Bend, on the same a y, and at the same moment?
No doubt his death was to h°r a heavy affliction;
and, perhaps, m a worldly point of view, a great
pecuniae misfortune. Unt w« she, by this visita-
tion of Providence, placed in a worse condition
than hundreds of much poorer and more desiitu'e
widows, whose hearths were made desolate by the
unsparing hand of death? W?s not her misfortune
one that must happen to all, and dees happen every
day, to others, who never think of setting up'any
| claim upon their country in consequence of their
I sufferings? It is a mere proposition to make that
I lady a donation, under the veil of a payment of
| debt. And the question must be, sf thfe was even
no constitutional objection, Is the measure one of
either expediency or policy? His (Mr. W's) con-
viction was that it was neither. He knew that he
would be accused of h?vmg a cold and flinty heart,
if not a political prejudice against ihe subject of
fiis claim. But, if he knew him.elf, he could with
truth and sincerity say, that not one panicle of po-
litical or persona1 hostility dwelt in his heartagainst
General Harrison's memory, or the interests of his
surviving family. He had never entertained per-
sonal feelings of hostility against him while living,
much less did he enlertam them now that the sanc-
tuary of the tomb has shut out all worldly animssi-
ties. General Harrison had gone down to his
grave unaccompanied by any aspirations of his but
those of unfeigned regret for his death, and due re-
spect for his pnvate worth when living. And, al-
though he (Mr. W.) belonged to a school of poli-
tics different from his, that circumstance never
could prej«dice him against what would be in itself
right, or be extended to General Hainson, or his
family, personally, in the consideration of any
claim founded in fact, and sustainable upon prin-
ciple. He objected to this bill, on constitutional
grounds; on the ground of its expediency, impolicy,
and dangerous tendency; and actuated by these
considerations, and these only, he should record his
vote against it.
Mr. MILLER thought that the Senator from
Alabama had misunderstood him, if he supposed
that he (Mr. M J had charged htm with insincerity.
He had merely stated facts; and if they brought
home the charge of insincerity and inconsistency to
the gentleman and ihosewith whom he acts, he(Mr.
M ) was not accountable for it. He then referred to
various sums that had been appropriated incases ef
at leaNt as questionable constitutionality as the pre-
sent: $3,200 to Washington's family; $15,000 for
the reliei of the exiles from St. Domingo; §15,000
for exiles from Cuba; $50,000 for the sufferers by
the earthquake at Caraccas; $1 000 for a monu-
ment to Elbridge Gerry. Taese were all appro-
priated without any specific power m the Constitu-
tion. And why should there be so reach difficulty
in the case of the illustrious individual to whom the
country was so deeply indebted?
Mr. SEVIER had one woid of explanation in
reply to the Senator from New Jersey. [Mr. Mi_-
leh ] He (Mr. Sevier) did not say this bill was
to destroy the great Democratic party—he did not
even say it was to do any injury to it, for he firm-
ly beiievsd it would have the directly contrary ef-
