tüt
message, dared long since the letters both of Mr.
Pox and Mr. Webster, " it may be proper to state
that Alexander McLeod has been heard by the
Supreme Court of the State of New York, on his
motion to be discharged from imprisonment, and
that the decision of that court has not yet been pro-
nounced." The demand, then, in. any and every
ofíVnsive sense, has been both theoretically and
practically refined.
And thirdly, sir, so far from crouching or suc-
cumbing, in a way to tempt aggression on, when
Mr Pox avows "it was England, Mr Secietary,
and not Mr McLecd," Mr. Webster does not, like
a coward, select the weaker adversary, the poor in
dividual, bnt replies "Ah1 very well, Mr Minister,
I now understand you If England assumes the
responsibility, I readily admit that 'individua s
ought not'—he does not say shall not be—'ought
not to be holden peisonally responsible,' 'and the
President presumes that it can hardly be necessary
to say that the American people, not dUlruslful of
their ability to redress publw wrongs by public means,
cannot desire the punishment of individuals, when
the act complained of is declared to have been an
act of the Government itself' We therefore take
you at your word, Mr. Minister, and hold England
responsible We will leave the courts of justice to
deal with Mr McLeod—ay, even send our At'or-
ney General, as amicus cunee, to advise ihe court to
discharge fttm, if you choose Tne United States
will deal with England'" Nothing could be more
proudly gallant and generously brave, and he mis-
tabes the point oí chivalry much, who would cen-
sure a true knight for "seeking a foeman worthy of
his steel."
Thtk is my view of this case The Secretary has
my thanks, and shall not have my censure 1
have confidence, full confidence, in his American
heart and American head to maintain the honor and
interest of my countiy, and it  present Administra-
tion, in controversy with any foreign power, and
as long as he maintains both, as lie h?s m this in
stance oí McL'od, that confidence shall be giate-
fully continued.
Mr TILLINGHA3Í" rose, but jaided the floor
at the request of
Mr. W. C JOHNSON, who reminded the
Speaker that the morning hour had elapsed, and
he was now anxious the House «hould proceed to
the consideration of some of those important to-
pic  referred to m the President's Message, and
lor which the present session hat been more partt-
* cularly called. The subject of the McLeod case
might remain and continue to be discus ed every
morning, if gentlemen wished it, within the morn-
ing hour Mr J was ibe last man in the House
to interfere to stop debate on a subject of such
national importaiic , but at prese it he really must
hope the House would consent to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with
a view to take up the bill lor the distribution of
the proceeds 01 the public lands, and for granting
a permanent pre emption right.
^Mr. HOLMES remonstrated against this mo-
tion, as th bill bad yesttrday been ordered to I e
printed, and was now just laid on tables of the
members. They had not had time even to read it
over He hoped they would net proceed t) the
discussion of 10 important a bill,and one on whicn ha
expected to d ffer toto calo from ihe gentleman who
had introduced it, until an opportunity had been
afforded to examine what its provi ions really
were
Mr JOHNSON sail, if the House went into
commutes, his first motion woul 1 be to have the
bill read th*ou¿h at the Cl*rk'^ table, there was no
intention of hurrying it through He hoped to
have the happiness oí Iisiemng to the views of his
friend from South Carolina in due time
The question being put on the motion of Mr
Johnson—
The House 'vent into Comiaittee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, (Mr Lawrence of
Pennsylvania in the chair,) on the
distribution: aísd pre emption bill
The bill was read through
Mr. W COST JOHNSON then proceeded to
address the committee at large m explanation and
support of the bill.   He said it was not his pur-
ÓQNGífcESglONAL GLOBE.
pose to trespass long on the time and attention of
the committee. If he had consulted his own con-
venience, he should have submitted the bill on its
own merits, without undertaking to say a word in
its favor. He was well assured that at this day
nothing new could be said on the general subject.
The bill embraced questions which had been sub-
jects of discussion from the foundation of the Go
vermnent down to tbe present time. Every legis-
lator, whether a member of the State Legislature
or 'akmg a part in the national councils, every
member of society, indeed, had had the subject
presented to his mind in so many forms and under
every possible aspect, that Mr J. must be presump-
tuous indeed, could he suppose it in his power to
offer any thing new in behalf of the bill before
the committee He yielded, however, to what
custom seemed to have rendered a matter of neces-
sity, in saying a few words in relat on to it He
was induced to do so, first, because th<_ committee
bad forborne to accompany the bill with any report,
thinking, with him,thaf the measure was one which
would bespeak the regard of the House in its favor,
and being persuaded tha all the membeis of the
House were airea 'y *o famliar with the merits of
the subject that no argument of theirs was likely
to change the opinion  of a single individual. It
seemed, however, almost a political impossibility
that any measure, however obvious soever its pro-
priety, could pa°s the ordeal of a Committee of
the Whole, or of the House itself, without more or
less discussion. He was, th< refore, compelled to
yield to what might almost be denominated the
mandate of public opinion here, and trespass for
a few momen s on the kind indulgence of the com-
rmtteee
Mr. J «aid thit there was nothing novel n the
bill The committee, in draughting it, laid no
claim to originality All its features had, in turn,
been subjec's of discussion in our legislative halls,
and both legislators and the public would meet
thrm as ma ters famil arly known
From the verv inception of the Government
from the date of our confederated alliance as a
Union, the dispositon of the public domain had
been viewed as a subject of paramount considera-
tion One of the greatest difrkultips to the forma-
tion of the Union itself was to be found in the fact
that many of the States out of which it was to be
formed claimed as their own the vast unimproved
territory which had before foimed what was then
familiarly known as the "Crown lands," while
while others resistfd thatclaim on the ground that
the Crown lands had been wrested from the pos es-
non of the British Government by the united effort
of all the Sta'es, and that they should therefore
mure to the benefit of the ent re peopl-, and to t>>at
of each State in particular, according to the "Fe-
deral numbers" of its population, and its portion
of the common burden and expenditure for the
benefit of the general alliance
Mr. J said he would not trespass on the pa-
tience of the commi'tee by a particular reference
to the sets of cession, or to the charters of th«
S'ates, further than to say that the Congress of
the United States regarded the cessions by th?
other States as not on so broad a base as tho«e
made by Virginia and Georgia, who, with a mag-
nanimous generosity peculiar to themselves, sur-
rendered their own claims and ceded the enti'e do-
main to which tho*e claims referred, to become the
pubUc property of the whole Union The
lands were ceded to the General Govern-
ment as trustee for all the States of the Con-
federacy, tobe applied to the benefit of ihe whole.
Mr J. should not pinse to dwell on the ste-n refu-
sal by Delawaie, New Jersey, and Maryland to
join the other confederated States, though m the
darkest an-1 mo«t perilous hours of the great na
tional conflict, because the other States claimed the
whole of these public lands, and to unite with them
would be to join Slates whose population, wealth,
and power were such as must soon absorb every
thing to themselves, and place the e smaller and
weaker communities as between the upper and the
nether mill stone. Maryland, during three of the
darkest years of the Revolutionary war, had on
this ground refused to confederate with her sister
States.   Her argument had been, that if, even in
#
the midst of such a conflict, those other S ates
could insist on such a claim as they advanced to
the entire body of the public lands, much more
might they be expected to adhere to it m the hour
of final victory, and that they must, in the end,
crush and break down the smaller States that
should unite with them under the admission of such
a claim. This argument had great influence with
the old Congress, and still more with the larger
States themselves, ana" so deeply did they feel its
equity, that they actually surrendered their entire
claim to the Crown lands, reserving to themselves
only a fair proportional participation m the pro-
ceeds of their sales, m common with all the other
members of the Confederacy.
Mr. J said he might here trace down the history
of these remonstrances by the smaller States, and
show the various acts of their State Legislatures in
regard to those lands. Maryland, Delaware, and
New Jersey had all recorded their solemn protest
against the exclusive claim of the larger States at
the time they formed tneir State Constitutions.
The same doctrine might be traced down through
all their legislation to the present day, and show by
recorded evidence that these States all claimed that
the public lands were a common fund, to be di-
vided for the benefit of all ¡he States, each in its
due proportion. But he should not do it, he would
rather reserve to himself the opportunity of doing
so hereafter should the course of the debate render
it necessary and proper, when he should claim the
indulgence of the committee for half an hour or an
hoar for that purpose He should for the present
assume that the whole hiUory of the public lands
pruved that thiy had ever been regarded as a com-
mon fund, to inure to the benefit of all the States.
On this point he did not anticipate any strong op-
position. He would trace this demand down to
the period of the formation of the Federal Consti-
tution, and that point being settled, he should then
proceed to the residue of the question, both as it
respected the principle and the expediency of the
distribution proposed by this bill
He now came down to the period of the Consti-
tution, and invited the attention of the committee
to this posi'ion, that the framers of the Constitu-
tion never had viewed the public lands as a fund
provided to carry on the operations and supply the
wants of the Government If this position should
once be conceded, he should then claim that it
would be a violation, not only of the Constitution,
but of the whole essence and spirit and genius of
our Government, to devote the public domain to
that use.
But befóte he dwelt on this essential point in his
argument, Mr. J. proceeded to give a rapid histo-
ry of the efforts which had, at various times, been
made to divide and to dispose of the proceeds of
the public lands.
He said it would no doubt be gravely urged
that, if the House should pass ihto bill, 't would be
a departure from the fixed policy of the Govern-
ment. The proceeds of the sales of the public
lands never yet had been distributed among the
States, and now, after having travelled in ene road
for fitty years, we were to strike out into a new
path. It was to this point he claimed the attention
of the committee It would be said that, according
to all the past histo y and the laws of this Govern-
ment, the public lands had been held as a public
fund, belonging to tne Government, and merged in
its general aggregate revenue, to be applied 10 its
general purposes and wants. Mr. J. admitted the
fac, but he did not concede the conclusion which
gentlemen would attempt to draw from it. What
were the facts ef the case' Let gentlemen turn
back their recollection to our early Instory When
the Revolutionary war had terminated m the inde-
pendence of the Union, the C ngressoftheU States
assembled, being clothed by the Constitution with
all the high attributes of national sovereignty. What
was its first act and its first dutj? Did it adopt
the wretched policy of oppressing and harassing the
States which were 'hen in debt, as some gentlemen
were disposed now to do, simply for the reason that
the States are in debt? No, it was foreign from their
purpose Let gentlemen read the documents, let
them refer to that immortal report of the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury in 1790    It was not then held
