to be the national policy to suffer the power to
raise and collect a revenue to lie dormant and use-
less in the hands of Congress. It was not -then
held patriotic or Democratic to oppress and em
barrass the State Governments Congress looked
kindly upon them It regarded them with a pa-
ternal eye. The General Government resolved to
as ume the debts of the State , and to u«e the
public lands as a fund to liquidate those debts
And now let not gentlejnen on either side of the
House say, because Mr J stated and commended
this conduct on the part of the first Congress, that
therefore he was in favor of a like assumption at
the present time. He protested against any such
inference; he had no such purpose. His purpose
was simply to show that the Government did then
assume the State debts, and that the public do-
main, by consent of the States, went into a gene-
ral fund to liquidate iheir debts.
Mr. J in the course of his remarks, «aid that at
the date of the Constitution, the whole importations
of the Union were hardly a tithing of the amount
which now entered our ports duty free Yet even
then the Government was able to liquidate all the
debts of the States, and still to grow and to flourish
as no nation ever had grown and flourished, until
she became the Western giant—an asylum for the
world, the terror of tyrants, and f>e wonder of
every nation on the globe And was Congress at
this day to be scared at exacting less than it ex-
acted then? Then it was required to pay the debts
of all the States, principal and interest. Now it
was only asked to áistubute the public lands, and
the States would take care of all their own engage-
ments Was this a scare crow to be hoisted up
before the House' Was this a thing to frighten
a Government that was admitimg into the roun-
try seventy-one millions' wor h of goods duty
free' Because gentlemen asked the Govern-
ment to distribute three millions a year among
the States, were they to be told that they
were oppressing and grinding down the people
of the Unned States' With a revenue of hardly
seven millions, the Government had assumed the
debts of all the States it had paid those debts- a
had paid off the whole debt of the Revolution it
had paid off the debt oí a second war it had a po-
pulation of seventeen millions, and free írnpctj to
the amount of seventy-one millions, and yet it was
to be scared at the thought of distrioui ng three
millions among all the States' Mr. J. could never
believe that the South would be quite so skittish as
all that He knew that ingenuity would be taxed
for arguments, and he knew the power ot impas-
sioned eloquence, but stilt he thought that he could
not so far have mistaken this Congress as that they
were to be alarmed out of their sobriety and self-
possession by ghosts like these
Mr J (without concluding) here gave way to a
motion that the committee rise
Which motion prevailing, the committee rore,
reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again
Tne House then again resumed the considera-
tion of the resolution of Mr Floyd ot New York
'    in relation to the case of Alexander McLeod
I       Mr WISE said he hoped the House would dis-
1    pose, at once, of this resolution   And, unless some
!    gentleman desired to speak, he would move that
'   it be laid on the table
i       Mr. TILLINGHAST and Mr HOLMES both
•    intimated their desire to say a few word0.   So
I   Mr. Wise did not persist in his motion
f Mr. TILLINGHAST made some explanations
1 to prove the inaccuracy of a statement wh ch had
t been made, that a leading authority on mternation-
J al law controverted the position assumed by the
J Secretary of State. They were as follows.
« Vattel, book li, ch. 6, sections 74, 75 The on-
6 gtnal does not controvert, but mo^t unequivocally
it confirms, the position of the Secretary of State
á The passage preceding the one referred to is
f thus.
jf <s74 «•tfngjsi la rauim ou son conduueui approuve ttritfie
,. lefaitdu cu ven, elle en f'-u sa profee affuhe 1 off iee
x doit alora regarder la nation comme ie veritable auteur de
$ I'mjure dompeut etre le citoyen n a ete que Fmsttumeht
it In the translation which has been used in the ar-
fe' gument, this is rendered
*      "But if a nation or its chief approves and ratifies the act of
$   the individual, zt then becomes a pibtiq govern  and the in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jured party is to consider the nation as the real author oí
the injury of which the citizen was, f erhaps, only the m
strument"
It is true it becomes a public concern, but the ori-
ginal states how it becomes so, what sort of public
concern, and whose sole and proper act it is then to
be considered and dealt with The words ' elle en
fait sa propre affaire" are, "it makes it its proper
affair," that is, no longer the affair of the indivi-
dual, nor to be regarded as an affair common to
him and his nation Then follows the passage
principally quoted
"Si 1 etat offense tient en sa main iecoupable, 1 pout sans
(iifflcule en faire justice et le punir «i Iecoupable estechappe
et retourne danssa petne, on doit demandei justice a son sou
veram }
In the English translation referred to, the words
" sans dificulte " are rendered without " scruple "
Scruple is a wrethed translation of ihe word " difi-
culte " in suoa a place, and leads the mmd to a
totally different tram of ideas from that intended
by the text The author is speak.ng, as m the sec-
lions preced ng the 74th, (which is in the lieht of a
parenthesis,) of ca«es of unqualified unauthorized,
and uncountenanced tndivtdual critnes by the sub-
jects of one Government against citizens of another,
and very naturally and truly say=, in the above
passage, "If the offended S ate has the offender in
its possesion, it can, without difficulty, bring him to
justice and puii^hmt-nt If me offender has es-
caped, and returned to lis country, ¡t should de-
mand ]ust c  of hi* sovreign "
A phvsical difficulty was in the mu d cf the au-
tnor, which was all that cou'd anply to such a case,
not a moral or legal scrup'e, wn ch ceerns to be sug-
gtstei by the translator
Mr. HOLMES was v> derstood to refei to the
course he pursued at the last si>ss on of Congress in
relation to this affair of McLeod, and to say that
he stood no  upon the same principie which he aJ-
voca'ed then ard he was happy (he v- as under-
stood to say) to find that the gentleman irom Mas-
«achusttts [Mr. CosHwa] and the gentleman from
Georgia fVtr Alpord] had at last come to the opi-
nion which he (Mr H ) had then expressed Every
member of the last Congress who now held a scat
on this floor, would remember tha* (when the cor-
respondence on this affair was transmi tea) the
gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman from
Massachusetts were so excited at what thej sup-
posed to be be injury and insult inflicted on thi^ ha-
tion, that they would have precipitated this country
into a contest with Great Britain at a time when a
correspondence and negotiation were pending be-
tween the two Governments, from whicn the gra-
vest results were to be expected He t( ok the po
sition then which he took now, that the Department
entrusted with these negotiations ought not to be
interfered with by the action of the Legislative
body until the correspondence had b°en brought to
a close, and its resmts had been submitted to their
consideration.
Mr. H. repelled the imputations made upon the
last Administration tn regard to these negotiations,
and expressed in advance the confidence which he
felt in the enlightened Administration of President
Tyler on thi- subject.
Mr GORDON said that, considering the posi-
tion m wh ah the Sta e of New 1 oik stood n le-
latien to this controversy, and die deep ínteres1 «-he
had in it, and considering that m gentleman from
that State hada" }et spoken, he though he would
be justified in s?ving a few woras upon one or two
of the points m ¡he case If he were not to do
so it might be presumed tha' he acquiesced m the
doctrines, sentiments and policy adopted by the
present Administraron m the McLeod affa r
New York bad a deep interest and stake m the
controversy, because a considerable portion of the
territory of that State was contermiaous wnh the
British possessions
Tnis was not the fir^t, nor would it be tne last,
interruption to the harmony beween the two
Anf it was proper that the General Government
«hould know what the rights of the Slate of New
York in this matter were, and that the State Go
vernment should know what cour*e the General
Government intended to pursue
In relation to these ereat doctrines of interna
tional law, wmeh had been so ably discussed m the
1^3
other branch of Congress, he should not trespass
upon the patience of the House by entering further
into them, except so far as they might bear upon
the particular points to which be desired to call the
attention of the House McLeod stood indicted,
but had not yet been tried. He might be convict-
ed, and, if so, he would be executed, unless there
should be an interference on the part of the Gene-
ral Government, and he ^Mr G ) wished to know
whether the doctrines avowed by the Secretary of
State, and which had been adopted by the friends
of the Administration on this floor, were to be car-
r ed out against the tribunals of the State of New
York, if McLeod should be convicted, and if the
puthonues should proceed to execute htm according
to the lav.
Mr G referred to the instructions (quoted in the
cuur e of the debate) given by the Secretary of State
to the Attorney General, &c. Now, he (Mr. G )
wisned to know whether (if the courts of the State
of New York should coivict McLend, and if, in
that event, the authorities there should proceed to
execute him for the murder of Duifee upon the
the tei ntory of that State) a mrit of error was to
b° n tprposed, and the case was to be removed to
the Supreme Court of the United States, and then
the President was 'o direct, (or to !-eg«esi,and his
request was tan "mount to a direction) that Mc-
Leod should be discharged.
Upon what principle of law, he asked, had the
Attorrey General aid the Secretary of State a right
to interfere íu a crimina! case—m a case involving
a charge of iruitder, comrmtied within the jurisdic-
tion of a severe grt Stite of this Union? The gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Coshhsg] had
cited the law establishing the courts of the United
State asa justification of the course of the Secre-
tary of State ir havi.ig caused a writ of enor to be
issued foi the purpose Of removing the case of
McL'od from the courts of the State of New York
to a court of the United States, and for the purpose
of sh^wisg that the General Government had ju-
risdiction in. the case. Now he [Mr G ] would
a^k what act ot Congress would be violated m this
matter it the case had been disposed of in a State
court, and one not under the jurisdiction of the
United Sta e¡l He did nit think that there was a
case op record, or that there was a case in the his-
tory of this country, where the State authority had
been arres'ed by the authority of a court of the
United States, by the dictation of the Pre ident, or
the interference of the Attorney General Where,
he inquired, was there a cast-, showing any inter-
ference on the part of the General Government
with State authority and law? The gentleman
fiom Georgia had spoken in justification of these
mst-uc ions on the ground of State rights, but he (Mr
G ) could not concur m his sentiments ( n that point,
and he would ask that gentteman what would be-
come of the criminal jurisdiction of a State if it
was to be arres ed by a United States court' What
would become, th~i>, of State authority? He
und-rstood that there had been a case in Georgia—
that of Tassels—who was executed under the au-
thority of that Siafe, notwithstanding a writ of
error from the Supreme Court Could the gentle-
man j istify the course whic^ had been taken by
the S cietary of State and the Attorney General in
relation to this case oí McLeod, on the ground that
it was a good Stale Rights doc'nne' He (Mr
G ) did not knowhos' he could have arrived at
that conclusion, and it was certainly a singular
a)gument to him He was no stickler about S ate
Rights, but he did undertake to say that that was
not a Sta1? Rights doctrine m the State of New
York wnatever Urn ght be considered in Georgia
Now, the whole argument of tie Secretary
of S a e seemed to be based upon the fact
of the burning of the Caroline b°ing an act
ot war, and unon no othei ground did ¡t rest. Now
h  would ask the Administration party m this
House whether we are in a sta e of war with Great
Britain, whether die act complained of was done
in d state of war or of peace' Bat certainly if
there had been any war, he had neither seen nor
heard anv thing of it It was all pr«tence that it
was an act of war It was all moon hme Not-
withstanding there had been ro war, yet they
placed their defence upon the ground that it was
