126
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury of the United States with the banks, as agents in the
collection, custody, and dirbursement of the public levenues
Resolved, That the creation of a natlonat debt, by funding
thereat or supposed liabilities of the General Government,
would be a fraud upon the people
Resolved, That the distribution of the public revenue, whe
ther it may have accrued from the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, or otherwise, is without eanction m the Constitu
tion, wpuldbe disastrous to the prosperity of the States, and
tend to destroy that due relation between the States and the Fe
deral Government, to preserve which should be the paramount
object of legislation
Resolved, That a system of tariff duties, except to supply
the actual wants of Government, ought not to be established
that the whoiescheme of a protective tariffs a gross legislative
error, founded m ignoiance of the true principles of political
economy, an imposition upon the credulity of peop'e by which
they are taxed without any equivalent, that, instead of encou
raging domestic industry, it depiesses it, instead of protection,
it brings destruction
Resolved, That the true policy of the Federal Government
is, to confine its action to the objects specifically enumerated in
the Constitution, leaving mdustiy to regulate itself
Resolved, That the resolutions passed Tuly 4,1838, relative
to French spoliations, prior to the year 1800, be and the same
are hereby repealed
Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor of t^is State,
be directed to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolutions to
each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress, to be by
them laid before the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States
JOHN S  WELLS,
Speaker of the House of Represen'atives
JOSIAH QUINCY,
President of the Sena'e
Approved, June 11. 1841
JOHN PAGE, Governor
A true copy of the original record
Attest                       JOSIAH STEVENS Jr
Secretary of State
Mr ATHERTON said that the subjects em
braced in these resolutions were among those re-
ferred to in the message of the President, and there-
fore were not excluded by the rule providing for
the reception of petitions and resolutions of States
at tins session. There was, in the series of reso-
lutions adopted by the Legislature, one which pro-
bably was not receivable at present under the rule,
it being for the repeal of a resolution concerning
"claims for French spoliations prior to 1800,"
passed in 1338.
On motion of Mr A. ihe resolutions which were
now receivable under the rules, were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed ]
The committees were then called in their order
f r reports
Mr CALHOUN, from the Committee o*i Na-
val Affairs, reponed a bill to provide for thepaj-
mentof navy pensions
The bill was read twice by its title, and, on mo-
tion of Mr C was referred to the Commit ee of
the Whole on tr-  state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed
Resolutions being the next order of business, and
the unfinished business of the morning hour beirg
the modified resolution heretofore offered by Mr
Floyd, calling for certain information m rela ton
to the case of Alexander McLeod,
Mr FILLMORE appealed to his colleagje,
[Mr. Hunt ] who was entitl d to Ihe fljor, to u an e
his ngnt for the present, so as to enable the HoU'-e
lo go into Committee ot the Whole on ihe stat > of
the Union on the business there awaiting its action
There would be opportunity enough to discuss th's
resolution. If his colleague v.ould yield, and the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr.
W. C Johnson,] should not move to take up the
land bill, he (Mr F ) would move to go mto commit-
tee on the bill reported by him on a former dav,
authorizing a loan
Mr W C JOHNSON made a similar request
Mr HUNT said he was riiady now to proceed
in saying what he had to s.iy upon the resolution
under consideration, and was desirous of doing so
But, feeling as he did that any intormation to be
derived under the re*olution was of no conse
quence when compared with action upon the busi-
ness that had brought Congress togeiher at this
time, and having no pamcu'ar desire to harg a
speech upon the resolution, he would for to day
yield the floor for the motion proposed—by no
mean*, however, giving up the floor when the re-
solu ion should come up.
So the re olution goes over until to-morrow
DISTRIBUTION A1ND PRE EMPTION BILL.
On motion oí Mr W C JOHNSON, the Hruse
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on ¡he
state of the Union, (Mr. Lawrence of Penns) lva-
ma in the chair,) on   the bill] to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant pre-emption rights
Mr W C JOHNSON, who held the floor from
Friday last, resumed his remarks in favot of the
bill
Mr. J in the course of his remarks, alluded to
General Jackson and Mr Dickerson as taking
ground in favor of a distribution of ihe public reve-
nue, and said that before he went into the question
of expediency, be wou'd refer to an argument
which might be made in opposition. It would be
said, why do you wish lo pass this bill when the re-
venues ot the General Government are not equal to
its wants? Will you press such a measure, when
the chairman of your Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Fillmore] has reported a bill au-
thorizing a loan of twelve millions of dollars ' Will
you urge the argument' of expediency, and talk
about dividing the proceeds of the "ales of the pub-
lic lands when your Treasury is empty? Will > ou
nrge dis nbution when you have nothing to dis-
tribute' Well, in response to that, he would ask
members of the committee to take up the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to examine that do-
cument, and to see whether they had not materials
enough upon which they could legislate, net only
so as to meet the present and future liabilities of
the nation, and to divide this fund, but to do so
without embarrassing any portion of the Union
They might even go on and double the amount
They might even go as far as Mr. Dickerson and
Gen Jackson.
Mr J. referred gentlemen to considerations
which could not but have weight with the mind of
every man that loves his couniry He was not, he
repeated, in favor of a protective tariff", he went
solely for a tariff of revenue If this should inci-
dentally protect our own industry, so much the
better
In ten bnef years the money paid by Ihe Ameri-
can people to England alone—to say nothing of
continental Europe—but to England alone, we
have paid cghty five millions of dollars for the sin-
gle article of iron. Is such a policy according to
the genius of our Government' Is it the true phi-
losophy and the true policy of American legislators
to study how much they can by their legislation
benefit the interests of France and England, and
how much they can at the same time injure our
own? I repeat it, I am opposed to a protective ta-
riff, but I pray gentlemen not to class me with such
legislators L?t us look at the fact Europe le-
vies a revenue oí thirty millions of dollars on one
hundred thousand hogsheads of American tobacco,
which tou in the United Stales seven millions of
dollars, and which are chieflv the product of three
or some half dozen States Thirty millions of dol-
lars on this one isolated article of tobacco It is
often said to be tne staple of Maryland, and we are
told that ihe people of Prince Georges counly raise
dcuble tne quantity" of it to what is raised by any
Oincr county in the Union. But I deny the cor-
rectness of the statement I say that tcbacco is not
the great staple of Maryland, her chief staple con-
sist of wheat a rd corn. True, this does not ap-
pear on the books of j our Treasury, because it is
chiefly consumed at home, or given m exchange
for the products of other Slates, while tobacco is
entere! on th  books, because a great portion of it
goes abroad, and hence it has: come to be set down
as our main staple production, but the faet is jot
so S v<*n millions wonh of tobacco brings to the
Government of Europe tnirty millions of dollar ,
yet we do not ask you to raise thirty millions on all
Eoropean products combined, we only need twenty-
two millions on the produce of the whole rarfh
He must, I repeat it, be a subtle r asoner who can
make Americans believe, when their Government
could pay the debts of the Revolution, State and
N~'ional, and all the debt of a second war, and yet
increase as it has that the distribution of three mil-
lions of the proceeds of the public lands is going to
rum them.
Mr J after observing that when he was arrested
in his remarks on Friday last, he was endcavonns
to show that, according to the genius, the spirit, and
the letter of the ac s of cession, the public domain
never was intended as a source of national revenue
for the purpose of supporting and carrying on the
wants and expenditures of the General Govern-
ment, «aid that, before he concluded he would en-
deavor to offer an argument, which, he hoped,
would demonstrate that the proceeds of the sales
of the pufenic lands, upon any ground of law, of
principle, or of expediency, should not remain in
the coffers of the nation for the purpose of being
expended by the General Government He had
referred, by way of illustration, to the law of 1790,
which assumed on the part of the General Govern-
ment the debts of the States. To illustrate this po-
sition, he could refer to the language of the then
Secretary of the Treasury, to that famous report
of Mr. Hamilton in 1790, that convincing and
strong argument which he then made in favor ot
assuming the State debts, upon the ground that the-
General Government, by the very language of the
Constitution, did arrogate to itself supreme power
over the whole question of commerce, that the
States were stripped of that power, and, conse-
quently, of the means of liquidating the immense
debts which they created m the war of the Revolu-
tion.
Having examined for a moment the subject
matter of the bill, Mr. J. said, but there is one
argument urged against the bill which, when duly
examined, will be found to be one of the strongest
that could be urged in its support. Gentlemen
say to us in warning tones, "If you once divide
the proceeds of these lands among the States, you
will never get them back into the national coffers "
Well, I ask gentlemen if they have confidence m
the legislation of the States? Have they any be-
lief in the wisdom of the people? And if they
have, is not their own statement an admission
that the States and the people will both approve
this measure as wise' That they will appreciate
and give it their universal sanction' So far from
this being an argument against the bill, it is the
strongest of all arguments in its favor So far
from discouraging me in pressing it upon the sup-
port and favor oí the House, it urges me on; it
stimulates me to persevere. What greater en-
couragement could I desire than the assurance,
even from Ihe lips of an adversary, that the people
of my State will hail such a law with joy? And
is mine the only State? Let gentlemen them-
selves be the judges Is there a State in the
Union which, when this boon is cast into her lap,
will repudiate it and reject it? Can gentlemen
point me to a State Legislature which will rise
and say, "We reject the offet?" I venture to
predict there will not be one in the limits oí the
whole Union. And that I consider one of the
strongest arguments in favor of the measure.
Mr J in conclusion, asked, What will be the
consequence if you defeat this bill1  Suppose the
argumen* to prevail before this committee that
there must be no increase of revenue and no loan
to pay the national debt, but that we are to have a
new batch of Treasury notes, are to absorb the
revenue of the Sta'es from these land , and try
how much of foreign laxtines we can get into the
country duty free—suppose ihis, and what do gen-.
t cmen suppose will be the consequence upon the
people' The State Governments will be placed
under the necessity of resorimg to direct taxation—
the most onerous and oppressive form in which the
wan*s of Government can be demanded. The re-
sources of the States will all be absorbed; the ba-
lance of trade will be against you, and when the
banks shall resume specie payments, the very first
importation will take all your specie out of the
country
Bat if you impose a duty upon foreign luxuries
and divide ihe proceeds of ihe public domain, who
is it that will pay ihe twenty-two millions of reve-
nue' Will it be the plain, hardworking mécha-
me' Will it be the frugal, industrious, independent
til'er of the soil' A man that never saw a bottle of
champagne or maresehino in his house in all his
days? No, the duly will be paid by the rich and
the luxurious The tax will make little practical
difference in the consumption of luxuries And
whj? Because they are esteemed mainly because
they are luxuries, and their use is supposed to mark
a class m society, a grade in human condition.
Bring down champagne to the price of ha-d cider,
and those who now use it would repudiate and
