128
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount would be  a little more; taking 1840, U
■would be less.
Mr. C then adverted to the reductions which
were shortly to take place, under the compromise
act, in the rates of duties, and which, be said,
would effect a reduction equal to more than the
whole amount that could de raised from all article'!
of luxury (including silks and wines, and the
whole list he had mentioned ) Now, if the max-
imum duty of 20 per cent should be imposed, and
should not be enough to supply the deficiency,
how was that deficiency, under the compromise
act, which all gentlemen professed to venerate, to
be supplied? The answer to h,s mind was plain;
it was an answer which his constituents under-
stood, and, consequently, they were opposed to this
measure. He risked nothing m saying that two-
thirds of the legal voters of his district were
opposed to this measure, and opposed, too,
not upw parly grounds. The deficiency
must be made up in one of two ways;
and if there was any other way except
that of an increasing and permanent national debt,
he should like to be informed. We must either
impose additional duties, or, in case there were no
duties on the necessaries of life, we must do what
he would undertake to infer was the motive and
object of this measure—restore a protective tariff.
There might be some difference of opinion as to
what constituted the necessaries of life. He would
ask gentlemen whether, in speaking of the neces-
saries of life, they included tea, coffee, sugar, and
molasses? Amongst his constituents these articles
if ever they had been regarded as luxuries, had
ceased to be so Did the people of Mame, New
Hampshire, and Massachusetts, regard these arti-
cles as luxuries? On the contrary, were they not
regarded as necessaries? Let the friends oí this
measure maka up their list, and let them tell us
how this deficiency could be supplied That defi-
ciency would amount to three, four, or probably
five millions. Bur take even the smaller sura of
three millions.    Ho at was  it to be made up'
Mr. C here adverted to the charges of extiava-
gance which had been made against the paM Ad-
ministration, and to ihe promises, of reduction
which had been made in behalt of this. Yet he
said, he had seen no proposition to the latter pur-
port. There wers numerous cal's upon us (or ad-
ditional appropriations, bat he had seen no propo-
siti!, n for a reduction uf expenditures Would any
man deny that, taking the whole amount of reve-
nue from lands and customs, we are at this very
moment receiving no more than wa-, sufficient to
meet ihe current expenses of ihe Government, c /en
under the most economical Admitiis'rm<n, and
that there was no probability thai the aprésate of
revenue, lrom bo'h souice , tor ten \ears to com",
would amot nt to rw  than «¿s s"fbc ent tj met t
tho=e expenditures on tl.e Ivsis of t'tetno-toc no- i
mical Administration; «heiherthe Wli s;s reí n ed
m power, or whether they were to be succeeded by
& more ecov-onncal class of poluicaps'
Then came the question, hiw were the people
to be benefiited by tru* measure? if you end ti
a State no moro than its just proportion, no snore
than it was to pay bactr, nono would be btn"ii ed
If you send more, it v/ou!d be at the expense of
some other Slate, and thus cne State wo.ild have
the advantage uf another u> the bargain Up n no
basis, therefore—tí h- wasc rrcet in i saijiig thnr
we weie not to expect fro>D all op r sources of re ciue
a greater amount than would be n eessary to meet
the expenditures ot the Government—cot- ' ine
people by any possibility be benefited How w s
the eight millions deficiency wnicr>, for au.hihc
knewritwas the internum of C ig as to (r>i %
how was it to b" suppli-d' H  'nought he nsd
ths clew to it in the report cf ihe S< )et ry o  i' a
Treasury oí June 3, ip41.    Toe r^POtt -a,'
•But «Mi may notcornpoit v\it*t 'he" wo'Asof Cin<™ to,,)
lirtoaievisi 11 <nid adjustment, of th<- o to it so o b foiet'ic
act of liaren ¿ 18J3, oomes to Invt tr-t im [irmnui
operation tee lint! r ignruwoild it') nl luun end ¿a
a temporal) fit-a^m*' tht. It- _, of ■* iucy ot 20 \ r it 1 v
totemotvallaruci s «hirhau now li o ti tin \ o tul piv
a less duty titau 2J percpnt except gol i mil ver -iinliiea
ucies specifically eiiume ateel m ill11 o h se„ on of t e aa of
Mnreh2d,lS3.V>
Ha «skid if there was a R>pre«entat ve fro 
Mame on thatfloor who would vote to levy a cusy
of 20 per cent, upon salt, molasses, coffee, tea,
&c? If so, h« hoped he should be able to ascer-
tain the names of those gentlemen, as he would
like to know who was in favor of and who opposed
to the adoption of a measure ot this character
Hs did'iiotknow that the Committee of Ways and
Means would make such a recommendation, be
cause he was not aware of what their intentions
were; but he could readily conceive that, if this bill
was to pass that committee would have to make
up the deficiency from some quarter. He con-
fessed that he was unable to perceive any other
course which would be adopted to make up
the deficit, than a resort to a duty of twenty
per cent, on ihe articles be had named; and
he expected that, at no very distant day in
this session, a proposition would be brought
forward by the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, unless some other course should be
adopted, of wh.ch he at present knew nothing. But
ot that he would leave the future to speak. One
thing, however, they all knew, and that was, tbat
there lay upon the table a proposition to oorrow
twelve millions of dollars, to carry on ihe Govern-
ment. But he would rot pursue this branch of
the inquiry further at this time And, to return
to the subject more immediately before the com-
mittee, he would say that he wished to ascertain
what was the precise character of the proposition
under consideration. He knew it had been usually
defended and assailed upon the ground of its being
a proposition to dispose of the public lands. This
had been the general scope and bearing of the ar-
gument; and it had been contended that Congress
does possess the power to dispose of the public do
main. Now he desiied to be informed whether
this was the precise and exact character of the pro-
position.
He proposed to speak briefly of the second and
third sections oí the bill under consideration
[Here Mr C. cited the terms of the sections m
question ] Now what, he asked, would be the
precise legal effect of the expression "ptoceeds of
the sales of the public lands?" He would contend
that it could h ve no other legal effect tnan to give
the disbursing officers a certain amount of the
public money, which was to be diawn from
the Treasury on tbe first day of January and
July in each year. And this bill looked to a con-
stant and annual appropriation if money out of
ihe National Treasury. He now spoke t f the dis-
tribution, and not oí the pre empuon ieaiure oí the
bill—a b 11 which did not pro¡ ose to dispose oí
oí e single acre ot land, but to pay semiannually
an in It fin te amount of irn ney out of be Treasury
And he thought th<tt in tti s irsptct it "vas most
ckatly and mm fotlj uncon tuut o >a\ Ano vhi1
But, bt/oic ho p oceiled U> discuss this que 'ion,
he v is ícd to forti-y nims 1¡ m the positu n dial ihe
bill 'tint ton ¡or tbe opposition ot ms rublif
lands, but that it was out a np ,atmg none} iiom
trc public x'rtasj y. C iigr si ha I 1 i  s ice
provided foi fit s-ale ind Jis| .„ t mu1 t eunitory
oí the Unitec' State , ■ id id v, in i"la'ion to th=st
subjec *e e pla-vJ on he su'ute book thirty or
foiry >c<u> ago Aru jrg other requirement of
tho e laws was o e tóat all ¡roiipys deaved from
the «ales oí the public lands were to be p > d in u
the Tieasury oí u\í United 3 ite Aid rsoemly
la"-  - tiad b'en pissod imp > ng vrv severe pen- -
tir or emt 2¿iü¿ t',e pu if i onev. it ruci Deep
, du tiled on all bar  s mil asserted and rra^so >  t
by n* , entleujan from liar ', iu, [>Ii Jo.inson,]
in ths ooar e ol his sptcch, t"at fie sale aad (^po-
sition oi tae publi land's ads hi 'lie G- neral Go-
vernment liul H h.'c" i ever been c in reverted tbat
be pnp'tywas m me lita ury oí the Union
Tivs bu, oere'oio, b- (Mr C ) contendí d, asfcd
much oi Co   ess wi^i i ^kt l tl em to approrm-
"te money/rom the p'lu c Jticisury. H  mam-
ta>n d ", a this biii v Í ted t ,e ixth ci ,u o oí ¡he
ninth spcuuii oi ihe u ^t ?i icL ot tne C n-titutio
of the Un el S'a.f, W-^h roí Us ir¡at "no mi-
j ney sfa  i bt c! wo i,otji ihe Trea^iry Jut n cou
j s qu-nce c'app>- p wtious rn'd  b} la.v,"tfcc.
Ho argued t^at U l..e re'at t i oí oti-b'or and cre-
dit!.'- sao£i*.ted o.tween th  Federal Government
and the States, atid if the Federa' G iveramera was
indebted to any one or more ot the States,  >io one
could doubt the power of the Government to dis-
charge all its obligations. No such law, howevef,
was asserted in this bill, but it was cbarly denied.
He would say that the bill assumed that there was
no such thing as the relation of debtor and credi-
tor between the Federal Government and the
States He did not suppose that any body would
deny the rower of Congress to appropriate money
for lands, or for indebtedness. Congress might
provide by law for the payment of the public debts
by revenues derived from customs, or the sales of
lands, &c. And another position which he took
was, that the Constitution of the United States
made no where a distinction between money in the
Treasury, derived from one source and another,
whether derived from direct taxation, or lands, or
any other source. It was all spoken of as public
money; aad here he would read the clause from
the Constitution m relation to this point. It was
this:
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence ol appropiiauons made by law," <fcc
He contended that the power of Congress to ap-
propriate money receivable fren lands was not to
be derived from the power to dispose of the terri-
tory or other property of the United States. He
would freely grant here or elsewhere that Congress
might sell, convey and provide the power for aa
officer to execute a deed and receive ths considera-
tion. What might an attorney do? Why, he
might sell and convey, and execute a deed, and re-
ceive the consideration. But would any one pre-
tend he could appropriate, much less squander, the
money or principal?
The object of granting Congress this special
power was with a view to enable them to reple-
nish the public Treasury. The power to dispose
of the public lands nowhere conveys the power to
distribute ihe proceeds. The Constitution, after
laying down the expres-s powers therein enumera-
ted, further says, "Congress .shall have power to
make all laws which shall bs necessary and proper
for carrying inio execution the foregoing powers,
anl all powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of ihe United States or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof." Congtess might pass
laws to raise and support an army, and do any
thing which they might deem necess-ary to carry
into effect the enumerated powers of the Constitu-
tion. And he money power is also limited to the
phnse ' No money shall be drawn from the'Trea-
sury without authority of law."
Mr. C then went on to say that this led him to
inqiu e for what purpose ra glit Congress appropri-
ate mo ey m the Treasury, tor he was endeavor-
ing to «i rty the comn tes that this was not a
proposihon to ib >ose or the public land , but it
w to apprrpiMie tr e . ioney derived from the
,t'cs of b ra Now, be undertook to bay that
the ¿'ana s <>i mon^y to a Svate was not a gratui-
*v, o il s .h* principle of dehtor and creditor ex-
isted, lie argued that it could not bejusiuied un-
dei the phrase that '-Congress shall possess the
powrr 11 make all taws necessity forcairymg mto
ex'eutioi ¡he foresrorg," <£,c. It loereior ollow-
od, if lie was nght in this phrase, thatthjadvo-
cites of tins me ur mitot ostabhsh in sime sense,
me r>latiof of d otor and endttor in order to show
thatt.e Stilts havo < i'nei a-> eqaitabie or a legal
r.ght to the p o-e ds of tbo - lcs ot tbe public lan-ls.
Hr as In inly iiorir ssed with the conviction that
if ibis Id! should be pa><¡ea it would bring upon
the rountry a raucial debt, which would not be
g)t rid. f ior ma „ je^rs to cooif.
He , w vished t0 copsid-r ibis raeasjre upon
tb giound upon v huí v nad b-vn usually advo-
cated, &rd he would endeavor t snow tuat it was
ootii u< oons.i utiutia ai d mex^cditm He found
■ t ivce sary to <>o over ¡he v ioh subject in
con«tq l rí6e ol t*c —onias \ ich tu„ gentleman
fiom :.lary'nct [Vlr #. C JohksonI iwd assum-
ed in orti i to sus am *L  power of Oonsreas to
l  mAt'e t¡'   a pi pnatu i,
j .', er advprt ng to > bat was the argument of ttre
gentleman from M-rylaid as mainly derived from
11 h"s e^ai um'iou and undemanding of the language
ot toe dectH ct tess.on, Mr. C. preceeded to say
ths' he knew tb s question wa  a veiy oldo.ne, and
tbat i'iose deeds oí cession bad been cued over and
