to the Government, was a desire t j pay the com-
mon debt of the devolution. Por, m the language
of the act of my own Slat- , her lands svere granted
for the use and benefit of all the States which had
joined, or might join, \he Confedeiacy, according
to their respective proportions m tne general change
and expenditure—for that purpose, a-nd for no otner
purpose whatever. This was amoi-g the leading
objects of that cession But by the adoption of the
Constitution, the sta e of things was entirely
changed Powers were conferred on lhis Govern-
ment wh'ch before had had no existence; and among
the most important of th^se was the revenue pow
er Under that power a subsequent acquisition of
public territory was made by ¡he Gi neral Govern-
ment—whence? and how? By bond  to the Umttd
States, which were eoliee'ed in the exercise of the
revenue power. So that now there can be no ques-
tion but that all the public lands belong essentially
to the United States, and that this Government has
power to contri 1 and to dispose of them. I will not,
however, ducuss tae quesnon of constitutional
power heie I might appeal to past history to show
what has been the invariable coarse pursued by the
Government m relation to these lands. Have not
those of both classes, as 'fell those cbtaired by
cession as those acquired by purchase, «'ways been
used asa source of revenue' And hss not this
always been acquiesced m by the States' It is now,
therefore, rather a question of expediency than a
question of power. We hare the power, beyond
question: our only inquiry is as to the expediency.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. William
Cost Johnson] was understood by me to argue that
it ivas, at this day, a question whether the public
lands have ever been a legitimate source of reve-
nue. If that is now a debatable question, and we
are driven bick by the debtor States'to that mqjiry,
it may also be a question whether we ought not, on
that principle, to divide among the Siates all the
millions of money we have ever received from the
sale of the lands.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON here explained He had
not said that it was now an open question whether
the pabl c lands should ever have been a source of
revenue to the Government. What he had said
was thi«: that, by the language, the letter of the
Constitution ¡(self, and according to the contempo-
raneous exposition of the instrument, and the whole
discussion as to us reception, it was evident that it
had been designed that the Government should
possess power within itsuf of carrying on the sup-
ply oí ib own wants by levying duties on com-
merce, &c. without any resort to the sals of the
public lands, and that tbes-* never had been con-
templated as a means by which the General Go-
vernment was to be maintained.
Mr. GILMER resumed. The explanation now
given,by the gentleman has somewhat qualified the
doctrine, as I at first understood -him to state it, al-
though s ill the tendencies of his argument, as just
stated, are the same. I never meant to say that
the Federal Government is, or ever wa , dependent
upon the public lands as an exclusive soutce of re-
venue We ail see in the Constitution that powerb
are conferred upon i' to lay taxes, and to borrow
money But the tendency of the gentlemanN ar-
gument is io raise the question of expedierey as to
the use of the public lands as a source of revenue
at ail, and of diverting the action of the Govern-
ment to other sources of supply, so as to shut oat
the lands now and forever hereafter as a source ot
revenue to the Federal Government. In this view
the question becomes one of overshadowing im-
portance; and it does suggest the inquiry which I
am aoout to examine. If now, m the present fis
cal condition oí this Government, st may raise re-
venue from u her sources, without having recourse
to the public lands, then yoa ha;etog  but one
step further to show that a'l the millions we Lave
ever drawn from those fands consti'ute a debt
which this Government is bound to pay. W'nt is
¡here now to lead to a diflerent solution ot that
question than thete has been in all our past his-
torj' Nothing, and ii that position is conctded,
(I do not impute to the gentleman from Maryland
the intention to push any such inference, but the
inference is nevertheless legitimate, and necessa-
rily follows,) then we owe the whole amount this
CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
137
G ivernment has ever received from the public do-
main ab urbe condita
Í shall treat the whole s abject as a practical
question coming u" now. There are various con-
siderad; ns wh ci induce me lo look to the present
and to !he future ía this matter, rather than to the
past I only go to the past for the sake of expe-
rience, not for purposes oi crimination or recrimi-
nation—not to fan the dying embers oí former con-
trove'sies. I the'efoie appt< a"n the question upon
the exis'jng cc-n^mon of the General and Sta'e
Government . The circumstances of all are cm-
barra-sm? The Slates owe enormous sums Tne
State of Maryland, which the gentleman so abiy
and faithfully represents here, has her share m the
general difficulty; so has my ( wn State, but to a
very limited exient I am tnankf j1 that her policy
has been surh as not txp* se her *o tne temptations
held out by thu b 1!. When we look at the States
as the creatures of this Government having pjwer
to change, to mod fy, to suspend, or to abonsh i',
we cannot but admit that the relation they sus'am
to each other is a very inti-nate one an ¡ if isim
possible that we, as m mbers of the one, should
divest ou selves of all sympathy for the prosperity
or the suff">'irgs of the otner We cannot, and
ought not, to look w th indifference upon the state
of (he credit of ih? Stales- we should remember
fat we represent ¡' e s?me people who are the
people of the S'a'ps; and we "ught to be caunous
how we expose them to ? temptation which may
po sibly re ult in the disoigan zation of our schem-
of Government—a sjsten which is admirable m
its wisdom, and well vorthy tf eternal preserva-
tion. I should be loth, for o  e, to expose it to any
influences, external or internal, which may threa-
ten i's perpetuity or impair us strength.
One word as to the general policy of dtsinbuimg
the levenue—jrd I regard this bill as no hmg but
a I ill to dtstnbu e revenuf —asmng the States   A>
a fixed and permanent v<. hey, it is bad.    I hold it
as a most injurious and unwise pel cy to collect
revenue for the mere purpose of dividing it amo> g
the S ates: and, m considering it, I beg gent ernen
to bok forward 'o Us probable effects m all time to
c°me    If this Government, which is a Govern-
ment ot   limited p jwers,   is   to   collect levenue
merely foi tne purpose of distributing it again, it
will hold the purse ot the States just as efftciu?liy
as it the States had no taxing powers  at ^11.    It
might,  in  lad, lead  to   the  annihilation* of the
S atrs      Th; gentleman   from   Maryland   [Mr
Jchnson] avowed himself ?. Std'e Rights man; and
I was g'ad that one «ho stanü so deserve 'ly high
before t'ie coanlry d'd avow such fen'imen's, al-
though I must say that I thought some of his con-
clusions were very wide of his S ate Righfa premises
My  tnly  apprehension,  indeed, i  now that the
States will have too many  friends—-that we shad
have too many State Rights men, so that at last we
shall not be able to understand what a Sute Rights
man real!} is   I know very wed that, if he thoug >t I
Maryland was going to be wronged, the gent'eman
would very quickly show  himself a S'a'e Ri°ht
man bv stepping f ^rth to def nd her     But thi- is a
question of S s'p Hihts  in a sorne«hat different
sense from that   it is  a question of po vers dele-
gated,  and powers reseived   and I am vety sure
the gentleman,   would consider  it a me ancho y
spectacle to s^e Maryland coming nere to the Fede-
ral flsc to draw her pensó"  upen pav-d-y    "Very
possibly the   portion of revenue wh ch a State
would receive on such a p an might exceed what
sne now enjoys, then sue mig'it, perhaps,  n*«ed to
lav nc tax at all upon her peepl , but only come
and   get    hei   rations   fiom   this   Governnwf
S'ich a state of  thir-gs   would   reverse   'he ru'e
under   the    oíd    Comedera ion.    The   Govern-
ment ihen had i,o taxing  power,   but   was   de-
pender! for levpnae altogethci  upon  the S atf<■,
out   new    pe    laving   ¡owe     of   ¡oe   Fu es
vould Kcoh.e  oosolete,  <'rd  mey would derive
•heir n venue f om the G.ncul Coverntatn .   I
admu toai,soiai as the quevion of tin pubhc 'amis
is concerned, ui'rjis no dan°ei ot ibis.    My ap
prenensioss are5"rioi so much directed to ihe pro-
ceeds of the  public lands, as to ih se fiom  other
sources, ot revtnue.   The re- ano^s o! the General
Government to int. Stale-, upo i tins quesiioa of
the public lands, ?re of such a peculiar nature, so
de'icate, so intr cate, so involved, and withal'so
dangerous, that I do not consider the remarks I have
made as applying so much to ihe public domain,
as to revenue drawn from other sources The re-
marks are made on the general principle of collect-
ing for distribution. I think the bill ebieetionable
as calculated to crea e a desire to raise revenue
that it may be dtstribated among the States. The •
gentleman from Maryland will not, I hope, be sur-
prised to hear me avojr that I am m favor of a
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands.
But how' and when? Whenever there is a surplus
But I am not m favor of it at a time like this,
wh<>n there is no surplus, and when the distribu-
tion of the land revenue will require the supplying
its place by the same amount dravn from some
other source. As thing  now stand, ths proposal
to distribute the avails oí the land , is just the same
thing as a p-oposa' to raise the same amount by
loan or by taxes merely with a view to distribute
thp money amorg the States.
Suppose ihe bid will rate four millions of dollars:
well, does thi« Government owe nothing? Are we
not assembled here to devise ways and means to
c-arry on the Government* Does not the fact stare
ui in the face that the Sovernment is in debt be-
yond it* means of payment? There is clearly no
surplus now; and when there will be one again,
the future must show I maintain that the distri-
bution of a surplus is wise, and is a measure
of economy, but there is now no surplus to distri-
bute.
Let us glance for a moment at the means of this
Government to raise revenue.    It can raise it by
imposing duties on impoits, it can taise it from the
Gereral Post Office, it can raise it by laying diwct
taxes and, lastly, by makirg loan".   Apart from
the public lands, it has these four sources of reve-
nue    Congress  may fix a  price on  the public
lan«c, or it may establish a rate of duties on im-
ported goods, but when it has done this by law, it
has gone to ihe extent of its powers.    It cannot
buy the land , i* cannot import the goods    It is
the citizen  who buys the ¡and or imports the mer-
chandise at his own discretion.   If he chooses to
buy or import, the money ccmes into your Treasu-
sun, but if not, you get ¡so money. Your Secretary
ot  the Treasury, therefore, can only conjecture
what is  the probable   amount he shall  receive,
either from the  lands or from the custom-houses.
The nett amount to be received depends on con-
tingencies altog"'her 1 eyond the reach of the Go-
vernment so that it must happen, in the nature of
things, that there will be sooie'imes a redundancy
and sometimes a deficit in the receipts at the Trea-
sury.    It i* not like a Government that relies on
direct taxation.    There the fiscal officer can cal-
culate with  almost perfect accuracy on his future
income.    Now, when  there shall happen to be a
surplus m the Treasury, I am for biitributmg it.   I
hold it to' be a measure of economy   It enlists all the
infarcts of the perple and o' f>p Government m fa-
vor of econ my, because, unless there is economy
here, th re can be no d, tnbution there—and I hold
economy to be one of the cardinal virtues of a Re-
public. And I consider, therefore, asone of the worst
sTiptomem the late condition of this Government,
'he profuse extravagance  which marked the late
Adminvnra'nn.   I  am for holding out every in-
ducen-ent to practical economy.   Abstain from all
unnecessary and all doubtful expenditures.   The
ch-aper a Government i«, the less money it has to
spend and to bonow, the more money will be paid
to >ht S a'e • provided ihe d stribution takes place
o'.iy when there it a surplus.    But if distribution
- maae a settled pel'cy a permanent and certain
thirg, surp us or no   «urp'us, I say it holds out a
üf-e-ci bounty to extravagance    In that case you
wil'idieto rely exclusively upon duties on im-
port, anlthereh re vour tan-f question will  be
'/ep' foreter unsettled     You crea e to }ourselves
tnenic^ssny tor a peipetual recutience to thatagi-
'atinsr and distutbing question—a queMiun  which
is so fraught with heaitburrangs,   jealousies,  and
even convulsions, ameng the States
Having thus nxplained my posuion in regard to
the gtneral principle of di-tribution, having stated
my readiness to distribute at all times when there
