CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             151
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of citi-
zens of New York in favor of the passage of a
general bankrupt law ; which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of the
Cuamber of Commerce of Pmladelphia, praying
that a National Bank may be chartered, and that
it may be established m the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. S. said the memorial a«signed various rea-
sons- why the Bank should be located in that cay;
among them, that it was the seat of an important
and rapidiy inc easing domestic and inland trade;
and the ability and success with which the two for-
mer national institutions were managed. While
Mr S had no doubt there was as much honesty
ai d capability to conduct a bank in Philadelph a,
as in any o her city on the seaboard, he was ?orry
thnt they shouldhave adduced, asevidence of it, the
mannerm which iormer institutions of the kmd had
been conduced.
The memorial was laid on the table
RETURN OP THE BR&NDYWINE
Mr. MANGDM, from the Committee on Naval
Affair , to which v,asre'errcd the correspondence
relative to the return of a portion of the Mediterra-
nean squadron, reoo'ted die fame back to the Se-
na'e with the opinion of the committee, that if any
further action ¡n tí e nntter was nece<saiy, it ap-
propriately devolved upon the proper Department;
and he moved that the committee b° discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
la making this motion, Mr. M observed that he
was instructed by the committee to -ay, in refe-
rence to t e letier ot Mr. fetevenscn, the American
Minister, to Commodore Hull, that they were un-
able to discover any turns; in it involving a depar-
ture from the decorum appertaining to his station.
In their opinion, the letter of Mr. Stevenson was
only calcula'ed, as it was intended, to put the offi-
cer > oí the American squadron on the alert. To
have done more, would have been improper; to
have done less, would have evmced a censurable
remissness on the pait of that functionary.
Mr. KING said that although he was pleaded to
fi"d the Senator from Ncith Carolina, and the
Cu.nin.tice of which he was chairman, had done
jus'.ee to the American Mm' ter at LondoD, he
(\lr. Kwa) thought it wou'd have been bet'er if
the committee had made a report ¡n wntirg, cf the
opinions expressed in their name It would )et be
better, if Mich a report was made betore the com-
m\ fa was discharged Ii is now dfdared by the
commit ee, after a mature deliberation on the
whole subject, that the Diplomatic Agent of this
Qovernm ct in London, did no more than his duty;
that the only advic* he gave to our Commodore
nt ' 'Ted terian an, w«ts that which served to
put ou- fleet on the alert, lest it might be surprised
ar>d saut up in a dangerou  position. He
conld not do o her we than anticipate what
hid always been the practice of ths Bn'ish
Q •/tr.tmeot it cas=s oí ¡.udden colusión wi h
ot'.y> rn.£,o! s, in .', rliOuld the excitement m Lon-
dcnl ip to t^ecivlusD'i 'hen fh.eatejed, the fir¡>t
bio v struck would be at our Pea m the Mediterrá-
nea . I wao thtrefc-o tle duty oí the American
Iil'ii sf-i ¡n T,o don, 11 v e v oí the h'gh exutement
f ti1, to give uch w.'rn>rg 'o c or Gomtrodoie a 
wjilip thim oaths alert at d guard mm against
surtía e.
It vvas we'l known what an excitement had been
got up by a lo.t.on if tne puol'c pre sni this coun-
try <i<,ainu Mr. Stevenson, the American Minister,
on t ,s subject. It was ro -i maw (est that great m-
ju^ w had'beend^ne tohtra in this clamor. He
(Mr King) trusteJ the Sena or fnm North
Ctrol.ru wo ild see the necessity that existed
for setting tne publ.c m,nd right with re
gird to the conduct of Mr. S'everson. It was
an act ct jus'.ce due tj him aid to the pub-
lic at tne bancs of the committee. He (Mr. Kins)
th^re oip hoped that, b- .re thecommitiet w?* dis-
eca ncd awi.tea report would be made, doirg
jjstit.13 our dip'orratic agent in London, and
pUc ng the wlnle ¡ran-ao u n in Us true lisht.
Mr. PRESTON said his object in making the
call for this correspondence was, to elicit the facts
connected with the flight of a part of our Mediter-
ranean cquadron.   From this it appeared that Mr.
Stevenson had written a letter to Commodore Hull,
evincing considerable trepidation, and giving some
advice. That, on its receipt, a councl of *ar was
held, and the resu t was that a portion of the Med -
teiranean squadron came nome. What was
thought of this at the Department might, perhaps,
be inferred by the fact that another gentleman bad
been p'aced in command of the Brandywine, and
she had been ordered back to her s'at -in. He
concurred most fully with the Senator imd Ala-
bama, that wh re danger was apparent, it was the
duty of our diplrmatic agents abroad to promptly
g ve the information to the officers of our squad-
rons in their vicinity There was certainly t, n-
siderab'e exc tercnt at the time the letter wa5 writ-
ten, but he ihoi'ght tha> Mr S evens n had shaied
too greatly m tint excitement. It was tne part of
an ambaesador to stand as it were between an ex-
citement and the real state of fac s, with which
their posit'on should enable them 'o keep them-
selves acquainted. In reference to the statement
that the newspapers had ("ealt largely in censure*
of Mr Stevenscn, he had not seen these censures,
and had caut'ously abstained hiinseii from making
any; and h  would now say, that so far as the in-
formation before th°m went, he saw nothing cen-
surable except the hasty return of the fng?tc Bran-
dywme from her station
Mr. MANGUM s i.d he re"-etted to fird that
there w¡s any difference of opinion bnwetn any
of the Sena ors on his «íde of the House ar d h,in-
self in rel «'ion to this subject Trie committee, be
conceived, had done right la auth^nz ns; the ex
pressi«n of its sentiments in view cf the « hole mat-
ter, that the American, Munster was «.bsolved from
all blame in the advice he had given to Commo-
dore Hull, which, it appears, was merely to guard
our fleet against surprise. The committee did not
mean to express any opinion on the conduct of
Capt Bolton. That was a matter of inquiry
which the committee, he thought, prcpeily left
to another department. Neither did h- under-
stand it to be the purpose of the committee
to do moie than, as an act of justice, to express
its sentiments m view of ail that had been
laid before it, thnt then, were rogioi.ils ior leu-
sure in the p-rt our is in s'er st Lon Ion 'iad t?ker.
in relation to ihe rem ¡val <u the American fleet
from the Mediterranean. B .me had been impj.ed
to him for unnecessarily in ^rferina; Tms the
committee did not find supponed by fie documents
laid before it. What did the American minister
do, as was apparent by his communications with
Com. Hull? He did not in thite commun cat ons
give any advice that the fleet siou'd r"tu"i ncrae,
he simply expressed ?n opinion thnt the fl et ought
to avoid being shut up in a nancv sea—ihat it
oucht to ba nea-er the Atlantic And why did he
think so? The letter of Mr btev°nsnn wa , wr t-
ten on the 8'h of March; on the 7tn ihe s'eimship
had airived from New Yt r'.
A great exeit in<-r>t vas «¡pt i>o in c tj cf Lon-
don The uiimstcrio, J i tpIs tv-er^ m"   vi y*"l
n demons!' it.ng t' c s> '/tie i« o hos-
tility to this conr'tiy—u "         re pub c v an-
routic dnata'q .'Voii" s d in.cn ' oaaeid
foilhwith to sea with a 'its e *> - i ih t cud roí I
be ra staken. O'lflntni'1 o i-.t-t o'nt>e
Medi'Tranein, wh'^it- s > tnd ,i„csjif a
sudden denvn&'ra en b^ Ihe i\ t h «-juad.on,
might be con tiered inevi aole £" > *rr (rom seeing
any thins; <o disapprove ¡u t>i effe.t c th^e de-
monstrations on the rrnnJ: of th'Amer can M,m t r,
he (Mr. Mingdm) ass iree to co¡Ae s t ai it re-
ally i'mck his m>ndthat M*. S even^cn wtildhare
been delinquent to his da'y if had no' imratdut'ely
communicated bis observation- ct fthm vas-^s-
ing, to the commander of our fl-et—in shou, if he
h"d not done exae'ly «hat he did. He (Mr.
Manslm) thought thit, under such a « ot ex-
cite linn in London agan>t tw ■> Ct/ji, r., ihe
present A'mm s'ra un v a ¿ntttled to the ¡mnks
of th° coun'ry tor navinf, ac td\ th socb v l^ocm
as to allay that excitenun . bu it d I not co cur
wi'h tho^e wno darned the ccmniun Un ns made
by the Amencan Minis e* in ,e' it on to the neces-
sity of securing our fleet. TLi. tcmarirs he had ]
made at the request of the committee, correspond-
ed with his own sentiments.   He did not think j
the circumstances of the case called for more. He
thought what the report asked for was unnecessary.
He should therefore renew his motion to discharge
the committee.
The resolution discharging the committee was
then agreed to.
On motion by Mr LINN, the resolution submit-
ted some days since to change the hour of meeting
until II o'clock, was taken up.
Mr. LINN hoped the resolution would be adopt-
ed It was almost impossible for Senators, who
hid business with the public offices, to find a mo-
ment to attend to it under the present arrange-
ment,
Mr CLAY hoped the resolution would not bá
adopted. Congress had been sitting for five weeks,
half the time which it was generally supposed
would be occupied by the session, and not a single
measure of any public importance had yet been
peifected The Sen&te had been debating for ten
daj s the Bank bill, and for any thing he could
seo to the contrary, ten days more would be con-
sumed before it was passed. On Saturday la%t the
Senate had adjourned over until Tuesday, contrary
to what he had expected and hoped, and gentlemen
bad the whole of yesterday to attend to their busi-
ness at the public offices. He would muck rather
voie to come at 9 o'clock, oi even at 8, than t 
takt. off an hi ur in the morning, as proposed by
tais resolution.
Mr. MANGUM hoped Ihe Senator from Mis-
souri would consent that his resolution should lay
over until to-morrow. Many of the Senators on
that side of the chttnber were not in their seat?,
ab em piobably from the city in connection with
the rejoicings of ye terday. He hoped, therefore,
the resolution would not now be pressed.
Mr. LINN said he was as anxious to go home,
and to see the business of the country advanced, as
the Senator from Kentucky or any other gentle-
man in th« Senate. But he was confident that
nothing was gained by exhausting the physical
energies oí those who were to accomplish that busi-
ness. Considerations of health tequired some at-
tention to reasonable exercise in the morning. If
that is not attended to, enervation and unfitness
for the dispatch of business mu ! follow. Al-
thongh hj ivas one of ihose who beheved it was
betiei to go home witaoutacnngon any of the mea-
sures proposed to be forced upon the country at
this extra se sien; yet, respecting the power
of the majartty to pass those mea=iiie«¡, and
believing that they consuered thenuelves
pledged to pass them, and that it was ex-
pec ed they should do s-o th's session, he (Mr.
Lihn) was ose of the l<-st men m 'hs party
to which he belonged, who would oscasion un-
necessary delay, and he felt s-'tisued there
was none df that party in this body felt disposed to
throw any iactious obstachs in tbe way of the ma-
j nty. He a' d h-s fneri's were opposed to tho e
measures, bat mar host' itv v«s on pin; pie, and
ii e/ w< uM not descend 'o any tret cr ■vexatious
tac c to delay what tne> coali not SikiL All
the/ conten ¡ed for ? as the n¿nt to dis, u e the me-
rits ot those measures, and to conten luein on prm-
c p'e. This body is lespon^iole to t.ecuuruy, and
the row-riiy wiU boid the majority responsible for
wiu t they do as welt for what th°j do ,io uo The
miaori'y woald not be found skulking n coaimi -
tee ro Kis, but would be found at th--ir posts hPhi-
írgto the last awns.t ti-e in qmUo mensures
which that majority are forci ¡¿ en tht country.
As a medical man, he con 11 say tu i conn .ence
th >t la' rtt.oU.ti d he had offered wps t 1 ?d for
ou ot due regard to th~ heal h of the members of
tne Senate. At s ich a seafod , s this, a c mfini.-
me.it from an early huur throughout the m  sul-
try portion of the day, mi's i-ecessa." !}* i rui e
tmr ful to the health ot ma y He b 1 evei' he
cnange he proposed would c nsiJer>blv , n->" inv
dan.er Tne Ser ato fi m K* ti.fl y, h . in'',
bitu.ed irts.ii and veirou&iih / al o pa h inr-
w-ud his measures, ni jri l.f 1 11 a a a i. c n'ina-
ance cf hi? heilth as.d víir.fni'e ho.'Jtía*
both ihe Senate and ttee p- p'e would p ouounce
sentence against the mca'ureo which be now was
in such hot haste to enforce—measures which he
(Mr. Linn) firmly beheved were calculated to in-
