152
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
flict unrepairable injury on the coun'ry He was.
one of those who was prepared to sit jn this Cham-
ber early and late, contending against i hese mea-
sures at any sacrifice; and he trusted his fneuds
would nerve themselves to stand up m tais Cham-
ber day and night, if they were compelled to do so,
battling these questions by relays if neces ary, unul
all the light which the Arnericau Sena e can throw
upon it will be sent forth to the coun rj But in
doing this, the Senator shottld find no factious op-
position from him, (Car. Linn ) and bis friends
He would encounter no opposition from him n
them, but that fairly warranted by the principles
which, impelled them to dispute his measures inch
by mea This they meant to do, not in any fac
tious spirit or for any temporary effect Their
object and aim were of a high character
Mr. PRESTON said he d d not believe the pro-
gress of the public business was promoted by
meeting at the present early hour, which gave an
appearance of pushing matters, but without the
reality. He thought it would be preferable to
change the hour until eleven, even though they
might have to sit an hour later m the afternoon
The Senate, for some time past, had been sitting
on an average every day from ten until five
o'clock, and he thought the confinement entirely
too great at this oppressive season of the year, and
Must inevitably endanger the health of Senators
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky was sorry to differ with
hi  friend from South Carolina as to a matter of
fact, but the sessions of the Senate had no'
averaged more than five hours, instead of
six or seven. His were not those lazy, luxu-
rious habits of eating late dinners when he should
be eating his supper He was not much of a phy-
sician, but he would undertake to say that if they
would follow the practice adopted by himself, they
would have little to feai fiom illness He rose
seldom later than 5 o'clock, he then took exercise,
principally on horseback, lor an hour, or an htur
and a half, he then made his toilette, took his
breakfast, read the newspapers, and was ready to
go to work In connection wuh thi-, he .-Iways
retired to bed at 10 o'clock—seldom later If his
friends would pursue this courv, 1 e would rot
only insure their healih, but would e-iga^e to pay
their physician's bill
Mr. PRESTON Mid hi, Iparned ?n 1 d stmguish-
ed friend from Kentucky [Mr Clív] was emm nt
Jy qualified to act as dictator in many qie,ti ns,
yet, in medical matters, 1 e mu t excuse him if h
preferred the opinion of the learned St ator from
Missouri, [Di Linn,] v hose o¡ mum o i this sub-
ject was ex calhtdia fie. tells us ih t if ih  en no
heretofore pursued be persisted 11, it mu t result in
injury to the health of Senators and ii his advice
was not taken, gentlemen must blame themselves
for the consequences
Mr. CALHOUN b->id that it was not his inten-
tion to say any thing on this subject But the yeas
and nays having been demanded, he would, in as
few words as possible, state why he felt constrained
to vote for the resolution. He was unwilling, at
this sultry season of the year, to see tht meisure 
now in progress precipitated, by causirg the Senate
to continue in session seven or eight hoars a day,
when it has been amply sh iwn that there is no oc
casion for the sacrifice ot health which must be the
necessary consequence If there has been de ay,
it has been owing to the nature of the mea-
sures attempted to be forced on the countrj.
The gentleman who mantfea s syCh lm.
patience to pass these mea ures, will find m
the end that he gams nothms; by nastily pressing
them forward He pursues a ci use calculated
to create stronger oppo it < ii The customaiy
mode of proceeding wi h the business of Ihe Se-
late would enable him to attain bis obj°ct of de-
' patching the public busine s sooner But, in re
lerence lo the resolution no v under discussion,
he,(Mr Calhoojí,) being psrvaded that there was
no occasion for the meeting of ii e Senate at the
hour now adopted, would vote ?.t the Senator
irora Missouri
Mr. KING said he would vote &%iia t die reso-
lution, because he felt cow ou, ihai h s friendo
had no dispositiva to delay Pie business of the
session    It was in fact their object to afford the
fullest opportunity to the friends of the measures
to be brought foward, to discuss them lo tne utmost
extent of their desire. He felt sausfied that his
friends would offer no delay but that which the
nature of the measures required. He thought
the preseitanangem°nt would afford the necessary
opportunities for discussing these measures, and
that n was better than a change of hours requiring
tht Senate !o sit la er in the afernoon. On the
scoie of health, he considered it better to
meet at ten o'clock, and, if possible, adjourn
at three, than to meet later and pdjourn
later. He thought it strange that the Senator
from Smth Carolina [Mr. Pkeston] should
lay all Ihe blame ot delaying the bunnessof the
•ession at ihe door of tae Opposition. He (Mr.
King) thought the delay was not in ihe nature of
the measure  proposed, but ¡n the difficulty which
the friends of tnose measures expenenced in agree
mg upon them. The Senate had been for a week
or more occupied in debating tne Bank bill, and
he would ask which side of the House had con-
sumed all that time in discussion' He was not
aw,ire that any of his friends had interfered
to protract that diseu «ion Why did not the gen-
tlemen themselves husband their time? The
Opposition was not now delaying them
Tneir time was not yet come, but he hoped
when it did, the right of the minority to ex-
press their opinions would be respected, and that
no attempt would be made to deprive them of the
same extension of time which had been accorded
to the friends of the measure The Opposition,
from the beginning, showed every dispo uion to
permit <h  friends of the Bank to perfect their mea-
sure to their own hkmg, without any unnecessary
interference Having done this, it was but right
that he should, for himself and bis friends, demand
that an equal share of time and attention should be
accorded to them for the free expression of their
opinions in opposition to the who'e nvasure.
Tne qiKstit n was then taken, and the resolution
was npgaived~a e, 13, noes 31.
F ' CAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATUS
The bill to lncoiporate the subscribers to the Fis-
cal Bank of the Unite 1 States was taken up, ih1
que tion bving on the amendment offered by Mr
Bayard lo the .one dinent piop sed by Mr. Rives.
Mr BERRIEN spoke at length in opnositton to
the amendment and m favor ol the bill When
he hid concluded,
Mr CU TE ffiR r i 3 be wi ' e 1 to ask a <-ia-
g'e que n r of hi null lZU<* lie uihIcisi od 'in
to ay ihat, in tne Sute of Geo ¿la, Mr Van Bu-
i n via not supported in 1836 on tie «tren,th ol
ll e ami-Ban t question. l<isob,ect in rising was
to asceitain if be had nght'y unkrsto d bim
M BFRRIEN s^id bis remark was not that
Mr Van Buren had not b-en elected in 18.36 on
thesliength ot iho Bank ques ion, but that it would
not have been safe fot his founds m Georgi. lo de-
pend on die «upport he w u'dgeton thatgr und
Mi. CUIHBERl' would ask his co'lcigue whe
ther he meant to sa/ that Mr Van Buren was not
supp irted in Georgia on the strength of his known
hostility to tae Bank question, and wnether be was
not aware th^t the Legislature of that State had le-
pea'edly passed resolutions against the assume 1
ngnt of establishing a United States Bank1
Mr BERRIEN said he was under an ímpres-
s on tnat the LegHaiuie of Georgia had passed re-
solutions again t the Bank question
Mi CUTHBERT pointed to the frequency wi h
wmch fie Legi lature of Georgta had p^sS-d such
resolu ions, as evidence that the anti-Bank party
wís so decidedly in the majority as to ju tify the
friends of Mr. Van Buren in resting his election
on that question
The question was still furti°r debated by Messrs
MERRICK and BATES in favor of the amend-
ment ot Mr Rivls
The question was'hen taken oiRIr Bayard's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes Í), noes
3C, as fo'lows
YE 4S—Messrs. Archer, Bajaid, Evans, Gra-
ham, Henderson, Morehead, Prenti s, Sou hard,
and Wh te-9
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates, Benton,
Berrien,  Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay ol Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Fulton, Hun-
tington, Ker, King, Lmn, Mangum Merrick, Mil-
ler, Mouton, Nicholson, Phelps, Porter, Piestcn,
Rives, Sevier, Smiih of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, Williams,
Woodbndge, Woodbury, Wnght, and Young—36
The question was still further debated by Messrs
PRENTISS, DIXON, and WALKER, m 'avor of
ihp amendment proposed by Mr Rives, and by
Mr WHITE ¡n opposition to it.
Thequestioa was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to—^}e 10, noes 38, as fol-
lows-
YEAS—-Messrs. Bartow, Ba'es, Choate, Mer-
rick, Phelps, Prentiss, Pres on, Rives, Walker,
and Wilbams—10
NAYS—Messis Al en, Archer, Benton, Berrwn,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthb rt, Dixon, Evans, Ful-
ton, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
King, Linn, McRobens, Mangum, Miller, More-
head,Mouton, Ncholson, Porter, Sevier, Simmons,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Sturgeon, Tallmadje, White, Woodbndge,
W. odbury, Wr ght, and Young—33
Mr HUNTINGTON then proposed an amend-
ment to the clau«e requiring =even millions of dol-
lars to be paid in before ihe Bank commenced ope-
rations, by substituting  ix millions and a half of
dollar*, to obviate toe difficulty which might be
occasioned by eorne of the stockholders neglecting
to pay up their instalments.
Tne amendment was agreed to,
And, on motion of Mr BUCHANAN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, July 6, 1841.
Mr. KEIM asked leave to present the memorial
of John Burwell of Virginia, and George S. Whar-
ton, lemonstrating against the conduct of M St.
Clair Clarke, in removing them from their places in
ihe Clcrk'o department, con rary to the general un-
derslandmr of hi election.
The SPEAKER said that the unanimous consent
of trie House would be íequued.
Objection w¿& made.
Mr KEIM inquired if tie Speaker if it would
b* in order to move a suspension of the rule?
The SPEAKER said it would not
Mr KEIM. Then I giv e nt t.ce that I will offer
lb  memorial whene"er I can.
Mr RHET-T moi^d ihat t >e House now resolve
it elt into Com ni ee ot the Whole on tne stale of
the Ui ion
Onwheli motion ihe yeas and i ays were asked
and ordered.
Mr CALHOUN inquired of the Speaker whe-
ther he bed not a nr-ht io make a repon?
The SPEAKER lephed that, as chairman of the
Select Committee app> mted on the Rules, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr Calhoun] was
authorized to report at any time
This decision gave rise to some conversation,
(th< ugh no apoeal w<js taken,) after which
Th° SPEAKE1 said that, on comparing the re-
solution unptr whics the Select Committee was
appo'nted wif'i the rule m ¡elation to a suspension
cf the rule to go m o committee, the Chair was of
opinion that (inasmuch as both were privileged mo
tionsj priority ougnt not to be given to the motion
of ihe gntleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Cal-
houn ] Tae Chair would therefore entertain the
motion of the gentkraaniicm South Caiohna, [Mr
Rhett ]
And the que tion we>s then tiken and decided in
the negative, as folloKs- veas 72, na s 106
So trie House refused to go into'Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr CALHOUN, from ihe Select Commutes on
the Rules, men made the following report
T le Select Gomnmtee on the Ru es m fuither dischaige
of tht. duty aesi^nc l them leroit th iibwmgaa an amend
ment of tht I27th rule to ie added to the tesolution annexed
to that lute
'An! i *n uf p >vi I ng in lb* tiscliaige of the committee
from the c n id rati n ol any bill referred to them after act
nig, without deflate, upon at' amendments pending and that
may neoffeied '
Mr MORGAN inquired of the Speaker if it war
in order lo move the previous question.
4
