CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           T5S
tenden, J. C Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Cooper,
Cowen, CuBiton, Cuihmg, G Davis, Wsi C.
Dawson, Dr berry, John Edwards, Everett, Fe<--
senrtcn, Filirr.ore, A. L Foster, Gamble, Gates,
G'dJmgs, Pj'nck G Goode, Graham, Green,
Gil.c, Habersham, Hall, Hakted, William S.
Hastings, Henry, Hudson, Hoot, James lrvm,
Wm. W. Irwin, James, Wm. C. Johnson, I. D.
Jones, J. P. Kennedy, King, Lai>e, Lawrence,
Ltnn,Tnomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mj-
thiot, Mattock's, Maxwell, Maynaid, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morns, Morrow, Ntsbet, Osborne, Owsley,
Peaice, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsay, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Ridgway,
Russell, Saltonst&ll, Sergeant, Shepperd, Simonton,
Smith, S anly, Stokeley, Stratton, Smart, Sum-
mers, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, Tillmghast.Toland, Tomlinson, Trip-
le , Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rens«elaer, .
Wallace, Warren, Washmgtcn.Edward D. Wbi'e,
J. L. White, Thorns. W. Williams, Lewis Wil-
'iams, Christopher H. Williims, Joseph L. Wil-
liams, Wimhiop, Ycrke, Augustus Young, and
Jr hn Y utig—117.
NAYS—Messr*. Adams, Arrington, Aiberton,
Baiiks, Eeeson, Bidlack, Bowne, B.ewb er, Bnggs,
Aaron V. Brown, Burke, W.liiam O. Butler,
Grenn W. Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell, C?iy, Chap-
lean, Clifford, C mion, Co cs, Dari'ei, R. Ú. Davis,
John R. Dawson, Dinned, Doan, Doi?, Eastman,
J. C. Edwards, Egbert, Feins, J. G Floyd, Chas.
A. Floyd, Fornáceo, Goga'ti, W. O. Good<>, Gor-
don, Gustioe, Harris-, J. Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopk'n«, ilouck, Houston, Hu'obard, Run'er,
Jack, Cave Johnson, J. W. Jones, Kenn, A. Ken-
nedy, Lewi«, Litileiie'd, Lowell, A. McClelian,
Robert McClelian, McKay, McKeon, Mallory,
Marchand, Alfred Marshall, J. Thompson Ma^on,
Matthews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Oliver, Par-
menter, Partridge, Pickens, Piamer, Pope, Proffit,
Reding, Rencher, Rhett, Rig's, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Slade, Snyder,
Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Van Buren, Ward,
Wattsrson, Weller, Westbrook, Jas. W. Wil-
liams, Wise, and Wood—95.
So the report was adopted.
Mr ST&NLY then offered the following resolu-
tion (under the report just adopted.)
Resolved, That the debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the stdte of the Union on the bill "to appropnate ¡he
proceeds of the sales of the public lands and togrant pre emp
tion rights," from and after seven o'clock this day, shall cease,
unless the committee sh d! report the bill sooner, and that after
that hour the committee shall Yote on all amendments pend-
ing and which may be submitted
At the suggestion ot Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, the
hour of ¡even ln.'ead of six was inserted by Mr.
Stanly.
Mr. STEENROD hoped the gentleman from N.
C. (Mr. Stanly) would not move the previous
question, but that he and those with whom he acted
would afford an opportunity of looking back to the
rpeeches which were made in this House at a
former session, when a resolution of similar cha-
racter was introduced Dy a gentleman then m the
majority.
Mr. STANLY persisted, and said something
about the number oí speeches made on each side,
but did not a'lude to the length oi tne respective
speeches.
Mr. fiCcrtEON appea'ed to the gen leman from
North Caro,ina [Mr. Stanly] to acced.* toscme
extension of the time—cay 24 hours. Tnere weie
many gentk'nen desirous to express their views
who would b; entirely cut off it the resolution was
passed in its present form. And, in the preterit
s'ate of the business of the House, noth ng could
be lost by such an arrangement.
Mr. STANLY held on to the resolution.
Mr. McKEON.    Well, then, I  suppose I muit
submit to trie gag.
And the question bem  taken on the demand for
the previous question, there was. a tecond.
Mr. McKEON seised the yeas and nays on or-
dering the main question, which were ordered, and
being tAen, were, yeas 124, nays 83.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion should now be put.
Mr. WISE inquired of the Speaker whether a
vote of two- thirds, or of a majority only, would be
required to pass this resolution?
T'tc SPEAKER decided that a majority only  I
would be requi.ed.
S ime conversa i >n arose on the p >int of order.
Mr. WISE appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
And the ques'ion being taken, the House, with-
out dividing, affirmed the decision of the Chair.
The question th n recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr WELLER asked th; yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and be.rg taken, were—yeas 119,
nays 83.
So the resolution was adopted.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WARREN, with a view, he said, to carry
out the reform which had been begun, sent to the
Chair the following resolut'on, which was read
for information, and which Mr. W gave notice of
his intention to oiler, at a proper time, as anamend-
n ent to the 28th rule:
"And that no member be a'lowed to speak more than one
hour to any question under debate u
DISTRIBUTION AND PRE-EMPTION BILL.
The House, on motion of Sh. TRUMAN
SMITH, agam resolved itself into Ccmmittee of
the Whole on 'he state of tlv Union, (Mi. Law
rence of Pennsylvania in the chair,) on 'he biil lo
appropriate the proceeds of tha sales oí the public
ianc>, *nd to giant pre-emption nsht .
The pending question being oa the motion of
Mr. Cuff kd to s'nl<e out  tbe eraciii ? cHu'-e—
Mr. RAYNER tor k the flior, and adi'ievied the
committee i.i opfO'iticn to the b 11 ui.til pa^t six
o'clock.
Mr. MARSHALL, a new member from the
Tenth District of Kentucky followed, in favor of
the bill. He closed by a most insulting request,
or rather ordtr, to the Reporters, not to publish any
of hisremaiks. He said he could boih write and
speak the English language, and did not want
any body's "gibberish " The Reporter will cheer-
fully comply  wi'h the request.
At ten minutes before «even,
Mr. RHETT took the floor Heeommeneed by say-
ing: Mr. Chairman, I am afraid the time has arrived
when it is not only unpopular but unconstitutional
for a Democrat or S ate Rights man to speak upon
this floor. I rise under the extraordinary law
passed this day; a law in my opinion next to the
Alien S;diiion law. The Alien and Sedition law
suppressed (he liberty of the press, and this law
which you have passed to-day, suppresses the liber-
ty of debate.
After some further remarks, he observed that this
tyrannical act of the majority not only violated the
rights of the minority on that floor, but the rights
of the people at home.
Mr. R. was then proceeding to give his views on
the merits of the bill, when the minute hand of the
clock arrived at ¡he hour when all debate was to
terminate
A loud whisper was then heard through the
Hall ot ' Th? time is up; why does not the Chair
annccrce if)"
At last, out burst several stentorian voices, "M>\
Chairman, the time 'S up."   ''It is seven o'clock "
Mr. RHSIT. Well, it is carrjmg out the grg,
and I subm't.
Here seveial members expressed a hope that
Mr Rhett m'ght be permit cd to ¡.o on.
Mr. STANLY objected, as did other inernbeis of
the m, jinty.
Mr. HOLMES i.e.e rose and satd, Mr. Chair-
man I ar.i peiftctly aware that I—
Cues- ot "Order," "£■• down," e'c. arose from
vatious parb of the Hall.
Mr. HOLMES. 1 am perfectly aware that I
have no right t > make a speech, but—
Reuewca cries of ''ordei" here aro-^e
The CHAIR desiied to know if Mr. Rhett had
yielded the floor.
Mr. RHETi'. Nc; I have no' g.ven way. If
the commutee cho-e to allow ire to go en, I will
proceed m diseasing 'he meats of this bul.
A member.    No the h^ur is pa.sed.
Mr. HOLMES m  a very vehement tone; "yes,
and the hour has passed when the destinies of this
country are"—
Here the calls to "order" were so loud that no
more could Dj heard, and Mr. Holmes toi.lc his
s^at.
M"- RHETT. Well, with the permission of the
committee, I am going on.
Several vates were heard saying "Lst the gag
now take its course." "Do not accept any favors."
The CHAIR announced that as the hour had ar> -
livtd for all debate to cease, the gentleman could
not be permitted to proceed.             .
So all debate ceased accordingly, and the com-
mittee prepared itself for taking the vote on the
various amendments.
The first question was on the motion of Mr.
Clifford to s'nkeoutthe enacting clause of the
bill, and tellers were ordered.
Mr. PICKENS desired to know of the CHAia,
whether in case the pending motion should be ne-
ga ived, other amendments would be in order.
The CHAIR. N< ; In that case the bill will be
reported to the Hou'-e wvhout further action.
Mr. PICKENS What! without giving us a
chance to offer amendment' '?
Mr. CUSHIKG. The House is dividing, and
I o! jeetto any further debate.
Mr. PICKENS was thereupon required to take
his seat.
The question on striking out the enacting clause
was then decided by tellers as follows: ayes 104,
noes 121.    So the motion was negatived.
The CHAIR then informed Mr. Pickeks that,
upon red clion, he saw that amendments would
then be in order. His previous decision was
ba^ed on a m'sunderitandmg.
Mr. AD4MS then offered an amendment to the
4th section of the bill, requiring that debts owing
by any State to the United States should be first
paid out of the sums awarded to such States; pro-
viding, however, that the amendment should not
extend to the sums received by any State under the
deposite act of 1836.
Mr. WISE. I desire to offer an amendment to
that amendment, by staking out all the latter part
about the deposite act.
Mr. PROFFIT desired to know if it would be
in order to ask a question of Mr. Wise.
Mr. WISE.   Yes it would.
The CHAIR said it would be iu order to ask a
question, but not to debate the amenlment.
Some further remarks were made by Mr. Wisb,^
which were not heard.
The question was then taken on his amendment
to the amendment of Mr. Adams, viz: to strike
out the portion which excepted the money owing
under the deposite act, and it was negatived.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Adams, it was stated by the Chair; but the
noise and contusion weie so great that scarcely a
word could be heard. In addition to thi=, the ex-
citement prevailing had caused many members to
leave the<r seats and arrange thamselves in groups,
so that it was impossible to recognise the speakers.
A member. I am perfectly satisfied, Mr. Chair-
man, that the question is not understoood in this
House.
Another voice was heard saying, " Well, then,
take it cu' oí the House." [Laughter ]
Mr. KING. I desire that ihe section to which
the amendment is offered may be read.
Mr. PROFFIT. I des're that members will
come to order, so that we nuy understand what we
a't> <ibout.
Tie questirn on the amendment of Mr. Adams
wrs then put, and decided by tellers as follows—
a>es 123, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mi. BANKS desired the bill might be taken by
sections, a-s he was desirous of offering an amend-
ment, providirg for the payment of Virginia mili-
tary l.xnd claim--. The amendment wats not re-
ceived at that time.
Several unimportant amendments were then pro-
posed and rejected.
The noise and confusion was now so great, and
so man? members were addressing the Chair at
once, that it seemed as if " chaos were come
again."
More than a dozen rose at one time, exclaiming,
at the utmost pitch of their voices," Mr. Chairman,
I desire to offer the following amendment 1"
