156
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

The Ciuia exerted himself to the utmost to re-
store order, but in vain. The uproar continued,
while the rain fell, and the thunder re-lied m ter-
rific peals, and the blue lightning, glaring at inter-
vals through the hall, appeared to be mocking the
storm that raged within.
Mr. PROFFIT. I desire to know if it is in or-
der for gentlemen to keep standing up on their feet,
calling "Mr. Chairman," "Mr, Chairman?"
The ChjAb, with great trouble, succeeded in
seating the many members who were standing about
the floor.
The Hou^e having been in session ten hour*,
A proposition was made that an adjournment
should take place, and the consideration oí the
bill be resumed m committee in the morning.
This was rejected by the majority.
So amidst a terrific s'orm ol thunder and light-
ning and ram, which at intervals rendered the
voices inaudible, the bill was forced ahead.
Mr. WISE. I rise to a qussuon of order. The
rules of this House require that I should keep my
seat, but the rata is falling upon me in such a way
hat I cannot.
Mr. JAMES W. WILLIAMS of Maiyland of-
fered the following amerdmei t, which was rejected-
"Andbeil furlhei enacted, Thatfrom the nett proceeds ol
the sales oí the public lands, bcfoie any distribution shall be
made thereof under this act, there shall be deducted and íe
tamed in the Treasuty. fot the public service, the sum ol —------
dollars annually, as an cqvivilent iui the íevenue finm the
duty onsalt whichduty is heieby declared to belcpealed liom
and after the 31st of Decembei next "
Mr. PROFFIT made an ineffectual motion to
amend the bill, by extending the pre emption privi-
lege to all persons who may have declared their
intention to become citizens of the United States.
Probably a hundred other amendments were of-
fered and íejected, but the noi.e was so £,reat that
they could not be heard.
At ten o'clock the committee rose and reported
. the bill.
The amendmeuls adopted in committee were
then concurred in by the Hi use
A motion by Mr. WELLER to lay the ,bnl on
the table was rejecte'1—yeas 108, nays 119.
And at eleven o'clock, under the operation of
the previous question, the bill was pa-sed by the
following vote—y<as 116, nays 108:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L. W. Andrew,
S. J. Andrews, Aino'd, Ayengg, Babcock, Bakei,
Barnard, Bin'seye, Black. Bl m, Boatdman, Bor-
den, Botts\Brtg£s, Brockway, Bronson,.!. Brotwi,
Burnell, Calhoun, Thomas J. Campbell, Catut'ieis,
Cbittencbn, John C. Claik, Slaley N. Clarke,
Cooper, Cowen, Ciansion, Cravens, Gushing, Dt-
berry, J Edwards, Evtieit, Ftasmde , Fillmov,
A. Lawtcnce Fisltr, Gales, Geimy, Giddirgs,
Goggtn, Patrick G. Goode, Green, Gretsr, Hail,
Halstead, William S H i^in^s, H-nry, Hudson,
Hu it, James lrvin, William W. Irwm, Jame-,,
William Cost Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, J. P. Ken-
nedy, Lane, Lawrence, Lmn, Thomas F. Mar-
shall, Samson Mason, Mathioi, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Mcore, Motean, Morns, Mi mw,
Osborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Pow-
ell, Profit, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Ran-
dall, Randolph, Rayner, Rulgway, Rod. ey, Rus-
sell, Sallonsiall, Serjeant, Spiionton, Slaie, Siiiiih,
Soller , Spr ag, Stanly, Sloktley, StiAtton, Stuart,
Summers, Tthaierio, John B Thompson, Ricbd'd
W- Thompson, Tiilinsnaoi, Toland, Tombnson,
Tnplelt, TruribuM, Underwood, Van RtnsH-'aer,
Wallace, Washington, Ed«ard D. Wht'e, Jos ph
L. Whiie, Thornis W. Wdl-ams, Lew Wi!
hams, Joseph L William", Win hrop, Yorke,
Augustus Younff, and J hn Young—116
NAYS—M sst^. Aitord, Arnngton, Atherton,
Banks, Beeson, Bidlack, Bowne, Bo>d, Brewster,
A V. Brown, Milton Broun, Burke, Sampson
H. Bullet, William Bu'.tt, *,". 0. Bullet, Green
W. Caldwell,? C Caldwell, John Campbell,
Cary, Chapman, Cbffo ti, C'mion Coles, Daniel,
R D Davis, J. B DaWscn, D-iin, D norlr, Doan,
Doig, Eastman, J C. Edwards Egbert, Ft ms,
John G Floyd, Fornance, T. F. Foster, Gam-
ble, Gilmer, William O Goode, Gordon, Graham,
Gastine, Habersham, Harris, John Hastings,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hub-
bard, Hunter, Jack, C. Johnson, J. W. Jones,
Kt im, A. Kennedy,Kmg, Lewis, Ltttlefield, Lowell,
A.McClellan, Robert McC ellan, McKay, Mc-
Keon, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John
Thompson Mason, Mathews, Medd!, Meriwether,
Miller, Newhard, Nisbet, Oliver, Parmcnter, Pa-
tnd e, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Reding, Rencher,
Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders,
Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Snyder,Steenrod, Sumter,
Sweney, Turney, Van Bureía, Ward, Warren,
Watterson, Welter, Westorook, J. W. Williams,
Wise, and Wood—108.
[Before the result was announced,
Mr. DAWSON of Georgia asked the permission
of the House to record his vote against the passage
of the bill. He had stepped oat for a fe y mo-
ment;,, aftei voting for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welleb. ] to lay the b'll
upon the tibie, which was considered a test ques-
tion; and during his absence the roll had bren
called on the passes of the bill. He wished his
vote recorded, that it might be known t!>at he was
opposed to the bill; and as there wai another gentle-
man pie^etitfMr. Gaiuiett Davis] who wss simi-
larly ti'nated, and would, if permitted, record his
vote m favor or the bill, he hoped ihere \vould be
no objection to his request.
Mr. Dawson, however, was not permitted to re-
cord his vole, Iheie being one dissenting voice
against it; vvh'ch, according lo the rules, precludes
a member from doir,g so.]
The following is a copy of Ihe bill is passed
A BILL to appi opílate the proceed  of the sales of the public
lands and togrant pie emption rights
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repi esenla
tivesof the United Stales of America in Cunsussaseem
bled, Tl at from and after the thirty first day ol Decembei in
the yeat ol our Lord one thousand eight hundred and lot ty one,
theiebc íliowed and p ml to each ot the totales of Ohio, India
na, Illinois, Ai ibama, "YIissouu, Mississipj i, Louisiani, At kan
s-is, tndlYIichlgin, over and bou whatt-uhoí the s-nd States
t entitled to by the teims of the compacts enteied into be
tween them and the Unttea Mates, upon their a ¡mission into
the Union, the sum of ten pel centum upon the nettproceeds
of the hiles ol the public lands, which, subsequent to the day
aloTesaid shil! be m ule withm the limits of each of sal 1 St ites
tosperttveiy Piauidfd, 1 h d tht sum so allowed to thosald
sutes, lospcctivcK, shell bo m no wtsealhctedot diminished
on-recount ol i y una which hive been lieietotute, oi sh-pi
beheictfui appludlo the const! uciiou or continuance of tht.
Gunibeiland load, but that til* disbuisements lot thesaid load
sh ill rt until, is lieulofoie, chaigeible on the two f er cen
turn hind provided foi by compacts with seveia! of the said
States
¡sic 2 And be it fui the? enacted That after deducting
the ¡"aid ten per centum, and wli tt, by the comp u ts afoiesald,
has lierctotore been allowed to the sutis almtssi I the tesidue
ol the nett pioceeds—which ne't pit cecils shall be ascertain
r I by deducting in m the gross pioceeds all tic e\pt ndlttues of
tilt >tai for the toll iwin < objects srhues md expenses on
account ol the ileiieial I ml Oilue, e\p nses lot surveying
pubitclmds; sálanos and expensesin the sut\e}tn's genetal's
oíliu ''^üiiieta i ainmiss on and iHowancesiothe legi&tersaid
ttieivtts.th five in i {entuin to itwW tales —of all the pub
¡lolimlso! I'lt trniicdMitis wheievei situafid winch shall bo
nil snbse tueiit to the srui tinny liistdtyot lttcetnbet, bhall
bt dividid inioii' the twei t> six stales ol the Union and
heUtsltiet ol t olumbia, rccotding to (lieli respccltve Fede
i il itpicsuitaiivc iiopul uion, is asceitttnedby the last cen
us-, to lie a) plied by the I e^M ituies ol the said fetales
foi sii hpmiots is the said 1 (gtslatuus mav dnect 7-Vo
^; / // tit it the iltstiil,uti\e shaie to which the District ol Co
tumbía si all bt tnutlcd «ball be apj lied to flee sUinols or
eduialion in some ithei In n x t'minie 5 may direct lad
pmiukd, aU)t that nothing heiein co n lined shall be con
Miued to th ptepu He ot tutine appln mons foi a reduction of
the ] tice ot the ¡ ublu lands 01 to the pic] rt lice ot applications
fot i ti mstei ol ihopuolte lends, on reasonib'e terms, to the
istrtes within which they he m to make such lutuie disposition ol
the public lauds, or auv pan thereof, as Congress may deem ex
pulient
Si.c 3 And beilfurthet enacted, Thatthe seveiaNunic of
money leceived m the lieasuty as the nett proceeds o! the
sties of the punlie lands bill be pail it the Ticasury half
ye uly on the Itistdty of itnuaiy md Inly m eicli year dming
!hc opei moil of tins aet, to sin h peisun 01 pesons as fho te
specuve 1 e2is!ateieb of tie said oia es suali aut onze ind
diiect to leci ive lln   simp
Si c 1 And be it faith i enacted, That?ny sum of money
wnieh it an) tune may become due and payable to any State
ol the 1 ton, orto the Dis ilctof fjolumbii, by virtue of til's
a< t, as the pot tion ol tl c said State ot Dmi n t, of the ¡ i oceeds
of the sales ol the public I rmis «hall be hist applied to the pay
men! of my debt due and ¡ av ibielrom thesa (lístate or District,
to the S ntted stilts ¡invidcd rh->t this shall not be construed
to extend to the sums deposited with the ¡states undet the art
of C Digress of the ¿id lune, 18db, entitled ' An act to legulate
the deposite of the public n oney "
Sec 5 Andbe it fuithei e/iac¿erf, Thatthisactshallcontmue
and 1)0 mlotce until o htr w> ptostded by law unless the
United State&shall become tnv lived m wai with any loielgn
povvci, in which eient tiom the commencement of hostthtre ,
this act shall be suspended dming the continuance of such
wai Ptmuled, nciathei'ki,, That if, pnoi to the expnalion
of this act, any new State oi States shall bt admitted into the
tinioti, their* be ass] medio such new Stitp or states, the pro
I nuion ol the piocet d  iccutin.'afbr'hen admission into the
Tlmon to which such Sta e 01 states may be entitled, upon t le
pnncioles of thlsart, togethtl with whit such State 01 States
may be enttt'ed to bv virtue of compacts to he made on then
admission into the Union
Sec  6  And be it funher enacted, That theie shall be annu
ally appropriated for completing the stuveysof such lands, a
sum not less than one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and
the minimum price at which the public lands are now eold at
private sale shall not be increased, and in case the same shall
be mcieased by law, at any time during the operation of this
act, then so much of this act as provides that the nett proceeds
of the sales ol the public lands shall be distributed among the
several States, shall, ftom and after the tncreass of the mini.
mum price theieof, cease and become utterly null, and of no ef.
feet, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding
Sec 7 And be it further enacted, That the Secretary ol*
the Treasury may continue any land district in which is
situated the seat of Government of any of the States, and
may continue the land office m such district, notwithstand-
ing the quantity of land unsold in such district may not
amount to one hundred thousandacies, when, inhis opinion,
such continuance may be requited by public convenience, or in
oi del to close the land system in such State at a convenient
pon t, under the provisions ol the act on that subject, approved
twelfth June, one thousand eight hundí ed and foi ty
Sec 8 And be it further enacted, That there shall be
grarted to each State specified m the first section of this act
(wntcli has not heretofoie received of the United States five
hundí eii thousand aeres for purposes of internal improvement)
a quantity oí land which shall, together with the amount such
Si-ate has aheady leceived as aforesaid, make five hundred
thousand acics, tj be selected within the limits of such State In
such manner as the Legislature thereof shall direct, and located
in parcels, conformably to sectional divisions and subdivisions,
of not less han three hundred and twenty acres many one lo
crtion, on any public land subject to entry at private sale,
which said locations may be made at any time withm five
years alter the lands of the United States, m said States re
spectivcly, shall have been surveyed, and offered at public
sale accoidtng to existing laws
Sec 9 And be it further enacted, Tha1 the lands herein
granted to the States above named shall not be disposed of at
a priceless than one dollat and twenty rive cents per acre,
until otherwise aullionzed by a law of the United States, and
the nett proceeds ol the sales of said lands shall be faithfully
applied to objects of internal improvement withm the States
aforesaid respectively, namely Koads, bridges, canals and im-
provernentof watei courses, and draining swamps, and such
roads, canals, bnd0es, and watercourses, when made or im
proved, shall be free foi the transpoitation of the United States
mail, and munitions of wai, and for the passage of then tro tps,
without the payment of any toll whatever
Í^Sec 10 And be it further enacted, That fiom and after
the passage of this act, evety poison being the head of a fami-
ly, oi widow, ot single man, over the age of twenty one years,
and being a citizen of the United States, or having filed his de-
cl irition of intention to become a citizen, as required by the
natmahzation law, who, since the 1st day of June, A D
eighteen hundred and foi'y, has made or shall hereafter make
a settlement m person on the public lands to which the Indian
title lias been at the time of such settlement extinguished, and
which his been, or shall have been, suivejed prior thereto,
and whoshall inhabit andmipiove the same and who has or
shall i iect a dwelling thereon, shall be, and is hereby, autho.
nzed to entet with the Register ot the Land Ornee fot the
district m which such land may he, bv legal subdivisions,
any numbei ol acies not exceeding one hundred and sixty,
oi a qiiaitti section of land, to indude tSe residence
of such claimant, upon paying to the United states the mini-
mum puce of suthiand, subject, however, to fhe following
limitations md exceptions No person who has heretofore
had the benefit of a right ol pie emption under any other law of
(ongiess, shall have such pnvilego undet this act, net shall
any person be entitled to moie than one pre emplive right by
virtue of the same no person who is the proprietot of three
hundiedand twenty acres, ol land in any State oi Territory of
the United states, and no peison who shall quit or abandon his
ltstdence on his own land, to íeside on the public land m the
same State oi I ollltoiy, shall acquno any right of pie emption
lindel this act, no Ian Is included in any reservation, by any
treaty, law, ot proclamation of the rresidem of the United
fetites, ot resolved foi balines oi lor other purposes, no lands
leoetved lot the support of schools, poi the lands acquired by
eithei ol tin two last tieaties with the Miami tube of Indians m
ihe State ol Indiana or which may be acquired of the Wyandot
tribe ol Indians in the State of Ohio, oi other Indian reservation
to which the title h«s been or may be extinguished by the Uni-
ted States at any t me dming the operation of the act, no sec-
tions of land reserved to the United States alternate to other
sections granted to any of the States for the construction of any
cmal, lathoad, or othet public improvemen , no sections or
factions of sections included within the limits ef any mcorpo-
latedtown, no pontons tf the public lands which have been
selected as the site for a city or town, no paiceloi lot of land
actually Settled and occupied for the puiposes of tiade and not
agnutltuie, and no lands on which are situated any known sa
lines or mines, shall be liable to enny under and by virtue of
the provisions of this act
Sfo 11 Andbe it fuither enacted, That when two ormoie
peiboni shall have settled on the same quaitei section of land,
the light of pre emption shall be in him or hei who made the
first settlement, piovded such peison shall conform to the
othei piovisions of thisac anil ail question , as to the n°-ht of
pre emption, anungbetween different settlers shall beseltfedby
the íeglstet and recen er of the district within which the land
issltuated «object to an appeal to and a revision by the becre-
taiyof the Treasury ol the United States
Sec 12 And be it fuithei enacted, That pi tor to any en-
trie  beliy nude urdei and bv virtue of th  piovisions of this
act, pioolofthe se'tleinent and nnpiovenient thereby required,
shall be made to the satisfaction oí the íegister and teceiver of
the land distuct in which surli lands may lie, agreeably to such
1 ules as, shall be pre criud by the Secretary ot the Treasury,
who shall e tell bo enu ltd to receive nfty cents from each an
phcant foi hisseivnts to be lendeied as afoiesaid, and all as
signmentaand transfer- of the right hereby secured, prior to the
Issuing ot the patent shall be null and void
Sec 13 And b' it further enacted, That before any person
clarmmsthe benefit oí this act sh ill be allowed to enter such
lands, he oi sh< «hallnake oath before the Receiver or Regis
tei of the land dtstttn m which the land is situated, (who are
hereby authouyed ¡oadtnmrstei the same,) that he or she has
never had the benefit of any nght of preemption under this
or any other act of Congress, that he or she is not the owner of
three hundred and twenty acres of land in any State or Tern
tory of the United States, nor hath he or she abandoned or quit
