138                                             CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE*
extraordinary session of Congress, to the agitation
of the new projects of the dominant party. But
this capital will not be invested in the stock of this
Bank, but it will be invested in the Government
loan at 5 per cent, which is issued to furnish ca-
pital for the Bank. For himself he would infinite-
ly sooner, if he bad the choice, take one hundred
thousand dollars of the Government loan at 5 per
cent, than two hundred thousand in stock of the
Bank, if compelled to keep it fifteen years The
stock might be kited up for a while by speculators,
but it would eventually result a1? did the late Bank,
in the ruin of the private stockholders As to
what were caüjd '-he restrictions on the corpora-
tion, he showeTthem to be only so in form but not
in reality.
Mr. B then examined the advantages which it
was said were to result from the establishment of
this institution. A sound currency. If it wss
meant that it would furnish a paper medium,which
the man in Georgia might carry to Maine, he ad-
mitted it, but it the Government would make
pieces of pasteboard receivable for public c'ues,
instead of ihe notes of th,s Bank, they would just
form as sound a currency. To regu'ats the ex-
changes. This h what the Senator from Missouri
■would call bamboozling. Exchanges need no re-
gulation but ihe resumption of specie payments by
the banks. At ihe present time the rates of ex-
change between N"W Orleans and New York is
but from a half to three quarters per cent, m fa-
vor of the latter, and it wss about the same be-
tween Charleston and New York. What was
generally attributed to difference of exchange was
the difference between the value of par funds and
the notes of suspended banks. The only way to
perpetuate specie payments is to compel ihe banks.
to keep themselves always in a sound condition by
having at least one thud ihe amount of their circu-
lation and deposites, in specie in their vaults.
This, with a provision in their charters, thai
when they suspended, their charters should
be forfeited, he thought might accomplish
it. A bankrupt law, applied to banks,
would, in his opinion, more effectually a"i
in resioring a sound currency than if ihere was
a Bank of the United States establi-hed in e/ery
fifty miles square of our temtory. Instead of aid-
ing a return to specie paymen is, there was great
reason to fear that the establishment of this Bank
would produce prec sely the contrary result. The
seven millions with which it is to commence opera-
tions if subscribed for, must come from the specir.-
paying bank.s of the country; the suspended banks
will hold on to what they have goi; and the danger
is that it will make ihe suspension universal.
He then referred to the power attributed to it of
regulating the Sate banks, and haul that it cou'd
not if it would, and would n t if it could, regula e
them. That the principas and m'eres's of all
banks were idsntieal, and ihey wou'd pursue tbe
same course. The Bank of England in 1836, with
seventy millions of capital, at empted to regulate
the joint stock ban'„sof that country; but as she
contracted they expankd, until, at ¡he terminados
of her fruitless efforts, iheie wa., more paper m cir-
culation than when she commei ced them; and so
entirely convincfd is the public rmnd thereof the
niter inefficiency of any such ailempt, thai it is now
turned to a plan by which all ti e piper issues are
to be made by one münution, and tnat to be undtr
the control of the Government. Daring ihe ex st-
ence of the !a e Bank it ha! led the way in the ru n-
08S expulsions and contractors of the currene/
In 1816, '17, snd '18, ihe amount of paper m< ney
in circulation was •-<> g e-t thit the puc-", of eiery
thing rose to an ex'ravY-gnrit p tch, and in his own
county of Lvcaster, land was sdd at fif'een hun-
dred dollars per acre which was not inttirsicaily
worth more than eighty dollar, per aere The
Bank was on the brink of ruir,. Mr. Chcves was
brought in, and endeavored to reduce us business
to a healthful 1 mit. Then catre the pressure
and panic of 1819, '20, and '21, when prices
fell as far below their real standard, as
they were formerly above it. Flour sold in
Philadelphia at three dollars a barrel; in Tuh-
bnrg at one dollar, and in Ohio it could baldly
be given away.   Similar results, he had no doubt,
would follow the establishment of this institution.
He referred to the provision prohibiting the
Bank in the city of Washington frem discounting,
as intended to produce the impression lhat no loans
were to be made to members of Congress, or per-
sons connected with the Government. If this was
the object, why not say in express term*, that no
loans should be made to members cf Congress or
r ersons officially connected with the Government?
This would look like being in e?rnesf; whereas,
by the present arrangement, all a mamlier has to
do, is to procure a line from any of ihe Board of
Manareis to the branch in Baltimore, which he
can reach in two hours, and the thing is accom-
plished. He referred to the suspended debt of the
recent Bank, and said if the items of it were ever
gmen to the public, it would be found that
a large amount ef it was owing entirely by
politicians in and out of Congress. He
had information himself on this subject, which
he should not at present divu'ge, because he
might, perhaps, not be able to establish it by proof;
but the official report of John Tjler was ample in
its revelations on thaisubject.
The report of the Select Comrmliee had given a?
aio.her reason for ihe establishment ol tuts Bank,
that o'her countries have National Banks. Other
countries have also Kings and Emperors, titles of
nobility, and an established church; aud though he
would not attribute the intention to the honorable
chairman of ihe committee, the fame results will
be attained in this country by the establishment of
his favorite institution. We would hive, not a
hereditary aristocracy, but an odious moneyed
anstoeracy, and we would have the corpse of a
Republ can Government, while its spirit had de
parted forever.
Mr. BUCHANAN, at the conclus on cf his re-
marks, moved that the words "District of Colum-
bia" should be struck out of ihe first section of the
bill.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said the gentlemen on
the oppoiite sde had abstained from interfering,
while the friends oí the bill were submitting iheir
amendments, and they weredispo ed to reciprocate
the courtesy, while Us opponents were presenting
their amendments. We are (sail Mr. C.) per-
fectly willing to let honorable Senatois tuve ihe
argument, if they will let us have the Ban*.
Mr BUCHANAN said he was gratified at the
candor of the Senator from Kentucky in yielding
the argument oi this question.
Mr. BENTON read an extract from Mr Jeffer-
son's works, showing the evil consequences con-
nected with ihe location of ihe seat of the General
Government and the United States Bank at Phita-
de'phia. lie said he would go for the motion.
The bill proposed to establish h-re ¡> board of ma-
nagers who were to be a board of Lords of the
Treasurv, with such sal ríes as they themre'ves
shall direct, and th.s boaid will be crrn¡a*edof
ex-rr embus of Cor git^s and used-up politi-
cian^. Mr. B. said the in  ltution proposed
to be established, was in tact, as well as in name,
a Treasury Bank. He traced the wo-d
fiscal thiough if. derivation, fiscus, (laun,)
to ihe Greek ' fascos," which «r j the term for
basket. Govfrument, in old tunes, collected its
revenues m kind, and the puohe officers were sent
into the field with their "fasco^," or basket, into
w'nch was j ut their share of Ihe ihve?, the bailey
ar.d the wheat. This uf,'sc)%" or baske', was,
therelip, the deposi ary of th11 revenues of the
pou.iti!, oi, in o'hsr words, its treasury. fVcil
Bjnk is, ihetefore, Treasury Ea k, ti name as
well as ii fac1; and was it not a s tan e spectacle
to witness,, thit xuthm a ie>v men hs arter a treat
public measure—'he Independent Treasury—had
b°cn denounced and hdd up as odious, b cause it
vas a Treasury Bank in d«;ii!>e, t,<e very in-
dividuals and ihe very party so denouncing it, are
openly and boldly advoca'mg aTrea-uty Bank m
name as well as in fact. Mi. B. le'eirud to the
speech of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] as one which would not be answered,
because it was unanswerable. Tnere were various
ways of preventing debate, and ! e would mention
one which was in yogue during the reign of terror
in the French Revolution. When the accomplished
Madam Roland was on her trial before the Revo-
lutionary tribunal, the arguments of her connsel
were so clear and convincing in behalf of her in-
nocence, lhat the prosecuting attorney wrote a note
to Robespierre, then iu the Assembly, stating that
if the argument was permitted to proceed it must
result in the acquittal of the accused. To obviate
the difficulty, ihe monster Robespierre immediately
introduced a proposition to the assembly, which
was run through at onc«, and became a law. This
edict was comprised in three lines, and was to the
effect that when the revolutionary tribunals are
convinced of the guilt of an accused individual,
(hey should stop the dtbate. This was the princi-
ple acted on in those days of hwless violence.
Stop ihe dsbate! is the language of those who can-
not answer the facts and aiguments brought to
biar against them, and dread their effects; but he
trusted ihe debate on the subject now before the
Senate, as well as those which were to follow it,
would be continued until the country was fully in-
formed of the odious character of the measures
which the present prominent party are attempting
to fasten on th°m.
Mr. WRlGrtTexpre-sed himself m favor of the
motion to s nke out.
Mr. WALKER considered the Bank bill of ihe
commit'ee bad, very bad; but bad as it was, the
mendment of his friend, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, would make it infinitely worse. Did
not that Senator know, if his motion prevailed, the
blank would be filled with New York, where
it would become in fact but a mere branch
of the Bank of England? As a Southern man,
he would not vote to remove the seat of the Gene-
ral Government to the city of New York, nor
would he vote to remove the location of this great
moneyed power, which will be stronger than the
Government itself. He was in favor of re'aming
them both south of Mason and Dixon's line. For
all practical purposes he considered the motion as
a proposition to abdicite the Government here and
transfer it to the city of New York. He contend-
ed that this institution, 'f intrenched in the citadel
of the moneyed power on this continent, would be
greatly strengthened, and woul 1 laugh to scorn all
the a tempt-, of its opponents to overthrow it. He
inqniied|whatNew York was now doing in regard to
certain great and important interests of the South,
which would pn title her to the favorable consideration
of Southern Senators? He again expressed his be-
lief that this Bank would be stronger than the Go-
vernment, and declared that for himself he thought
a Bank controlled by the Government less objec-
tionable than a Bank that would control the Go-
vern men t.
Mr. WRIGHT said he had no desire to force
this Bank on any p irt on cf bis constituent', t ni
more especially on ihe g-eat cornmercnl city of
his Stale, as well as th  Union. Hp considered
ihe last Barita cur-e to ihe city of Philidelphia,
where it was lrcatetl,and lhat the proposed mst-
mtion, with the same pnnciples, would be follow-
ed bv ti e same results. But while the Senator
from Mississippi was enumerating what New York
was doing, he nvght have mentioned that the was
pajín? .«pecie for her bab'hties; and it might be
us"l as a fair argument lhat this Bank should be
located in a place where that tuactice was fashior.-
ab'e.
Mr. WOODBURY sa-d, if the Bank were to
be a mere fi cil machine, it shoild be locate 1 at
.he seat ot Government; bat if it were to become a
commercial age,¡', then it should be located inanie
commerci 1 msr'.
Mr. CIAYof Alabama s. tj if ihe re w\j ore
thing more dangerous lo t>>e Inertie* of ihe coun-
try than anotner, it was ihe i-mrn of the monejed
pnver with ihe poluic u power of the country If
¡his be consummate i, the liberties of the country
were not worth a ru>h. Was -i not to di sever this
dargerojis connec'ioa that the Democratic partv
have been contending for toe last four years, ?nl
the Sena or from Mississippi side by side wuh us?
Was it not con'iicred a cardinal principa wi h us
to effect an entire separation of the Government
from the banks?   He was surprised to find lhat
