CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1,
Senator now advocating a reunion of those inte-
rests.
Mr. WALKER said the question now pending
was not a question of connection, or no connec-
tion; the conneciion is established by the charter,
and the question really 11, whether you will make
the Bank stronger by removing it to thecily of New
York. As to his preference of a Bank under the
control of the Government to one which should
overshadow it, he had alluded to the project which
was submitted by Pi evident Jackson in his message to
Congress.   Mr. W heie read an extract from the
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to locating the
Bank wi'bin the Distrct. It was either to give
the Bank a control over the Government, or the
Government a greater control over the Bank. He
wonid vole for the motion to strike out, and then
he would endeavor to have fair play, by giving the
South her share. He thought New Oileans would
be the be t locaron. He would like to have it as
far off as pes io!e from the influence of the Na-
tional Legislature
Mr. W ILK SLR asked the Senator fr m Sou'h
Carolina if he had ihe least hope of succeedi g in
his motion shoul! he make vl
Mr. CALHOUN said he would do hi  duty; let
otbm do theirs.
Mr. ALLEN spoke at some lsngth in favor of
fh-amendment, and would vote for it if its on'y
effect would be to refuse thi institui'on the privi-
lege of having a committee of vigilance here to
superintend the operations of the Gjvernment. He
was astonished to see ihe leg s'ation oí the country
about to exhaust itself in a single act, for, said Mr.
A. pass this Bank, and an independent representa-
tion of the people of this country will never appear
m the halls oí Congress while it exists. lie should
vote to str,ke ou', to ■■a.ve this District from the
enr'e of its presence, but he should not vols to
fill (he ¡J-nk with the name of any other p'acc.
Mr. BENTON c ntended that New Otleans,
above the others, was the place for the lo-
cation of a Bank, if one uas to be esia-
bhshed She was the ou let of the products,
of ihe Great Valley of the Mivisdp^i Th-ee-
fourths of all our staple exports are sh'pped
there, and it is the expoitsthat suppoit thi? Go-
vernment by paying for thi? fortign goods upon
which duties ¡.re levied. New Yoik was objec-
tionable in addi uon to the other reasons adducpd,
because from her intimate connection with Eu-
rope, at every a'arm of foreign capitalists, she
was liable to be drained of her specie. New Or-
leans was the m ait from which almost all our do-
mestic staples are shipped to foreign ports and the
place of the greatest importation of specie from
loreign countries New York is the place of 1m
port fcr almost all the foreign goods, and the place
of export for our srecie to Europe.
Mr. CALHOUN sa>d if there was to be a Bank,
it should be south of Mason and Dixon's line. Ths
value of exports of the two S'ates of Alabama and
Miasi sippt alone are upw?r-Í5 oí forty m ¡lions of
dollars per annum, nearly ono-half oí the whole
domestic exports oí the United S a es. Ths im-
ports have had the banu long enough, and it was
time the expoits had it.
The question was then taken on the mo ion to
strike out, and decided in the negative, as follows •
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, CJay of Alabama, Ful on, K ng, Linn,
Mcftoberts, Mouton, N'cholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticu , Sturgeon, T~ppan, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clajton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henaer >n, Hunt ngton,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Mill r, Morcoead, Pnelp^,
Porter, Prentiss, Pres.on, Simmons, Son h of I11-
a ana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, White, and
Woodbndge—29
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to strike out the
District of Columbia and m-crt New Orleans.
Mr. BENTON seconded the motion, and advo-
cated it at considerable lengih. If this Bank
gave undue advantages to the section in which it
was located, he claimed them for the valley of the
Mississippi.
Mr. CALHOUN said he wished it to be distinct-
ly understood that even if this motion was car-
ried it would not in the least abate hts aversion
to it.
Mr. BENTON.   Nor mine.
Mr. CALHOUN continued.     He wished   no
exclusive advantages for his own section; he  was
opposed  to granting thtm to otheis.    All he and
the South wanted was fair play.
Mr BENTON followed, and asserted that Ihe
greatest enemy to the North and South, which it
was m the power of mat to invent, was a Bank of
the Un t:d States to be located north of thi? Poto-
mac He referred to the operation of ihe late
Bank of the Um'ed States, in draining the Sou'h
and the Wm ol their specie, and, in support of
h,s- views, quoted the testimony of the 1'iepresi
dent of the B'anch ai Charleston, which was con-
tained in a report of a committee of tV-e South Ca-
rolina Legislature of the last wiu'ei. Tne extract
was as follow?:
"From 1819 to 1825 the dr^n of spec e from
the banks of the South by the United S'ate. Bank,
was so great as to paral) ze the while energies of
the Southern countiy It 1-, admi'ted by the pre-
sident of ¡h* latter Bank himself, that in four'e^n
>earshe diew from the banks in that quarter
twenty-two millions and a half, for the mother
Bank and for the branch at Ne v Yoik, while, dur-
ing the same peuod, he sent back ¡ess than a mil-
lu n. At a single opfration, m order to as 1st
New York alone, five mill ons of sps'ie «-ere sent
to her aid, and, m the langu'g" of Mr. El tot, pre-
sident of the Charleston br?nch, 'the immediate
operation of the measures of the United Sta es
Btnk has been to cause the banks in this city
(Charltston) to suspend all business. From ihe
Bank of the Stale alone, the sum of one million and
a h«If was wrung in the course of a few years,
and the import trade of this Slate, which, m tae
year 1765, with a population of but 130,000, was
about one million six hundred thousand dollars,
was redused, in 1830, to near one million, although
tne population of ibe State and the value of its ex-
port, hid increased more than fouifold. Before
this ac ion of the United Stites Bank had com
menced, the imports into Ciarlesion wore as h.gh
a1, five millions, while, at the same penoi, the im-
ports into New York were only twenty millions.
A change immediately ensued, sfter tne adoption
of a new policy by the Bank in 1819, and when it«
charter expired, the imports into Charleston had
dwindled to less than two millions, while those in
New York had increased beyond eighty-eight mil-
lions."
Mr. WALKER supported the motion at some
length, and quoted extraéis from an address which
he had made to his constituents in 1839, in which
he had opposed the crest on of a National Bank,
on the ground oí its Noitnera loca'ion and conse-
quent injury to the Sou'h, and bad then warmly
advocated New Oriear s, as Lie proper s liiuion
for it.
Mr. TAPPAN said he should not votpfor this
motion, ¿i he wps not willing to inflict the evil of
this institution on anj community by bis vo'e.
The ccmmi'tee hid locted the Bank m the D <-
trie, and on tne commttte..' shoald re*t the respon-
sibility.
Mr. BUCHANAN siid he had at least e-n-
v.nced him elf that this Bank saouii not be Icci-
ted m the District of Columbia, wherever d e it
might be placed. H- should, ih>i°fore, vol? (or
the motion.                 '
Mr. CALHOUN made some further remark* in
support of thp motion, and the qtt stiun bei.ig to-
ken, it was dee d d 1 the negative—a>e* 1G, noi_s
29, a*follows-
YEAS—Viessrs B nloi, Buchanan, CJhoui,
Clay of AUbamg, Ful'o.i, Kin?, Lm-\ McRo-
beus, Mou on, Nicholson Pierce, Sevier, fcturgcos,
Walker, Woodburv, and Young—16
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bsvard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentuckj, Cla>tor, D xon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington. K>r,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelj s,
Por'er, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of la
Southard, Tallmadge, While, Williams, and
Woodbndge-29,
Mr. WRIGHT then offered the following
amendments, which, on his motion, were ordered
to be printed:
Page 21, and fundamental article No. 14, line
169, after the word " deficiency," insert:
The directors shall make no dividends except
from the surplus profits arming from the business
of the corporation, and shall not at any time, or in
aay manner, pay to the stockholdeis, or any of
them, any part oí the capital stock of ths said cor-
poration; nor shall they at any lime, or in any
way or manner, redace the capital stock of the said
corporation without thi consent of Congress; nor
shall the said directors, either of the said principal
bank, or of any branch or office*of discount and
deposite, or any agency, discount, or suffer to be
discounted, or receive in payment, or suffer tobe
receded in pajment, any note or omer evidence of
debt as a piymentofor upon any instalment of
the said capital stock actually called for ard re-
qnred to be paid, or with the intent of providing
the means of miking such payment, nor shall aay
of the said directors receive or discount, or suffer
to b<? received or discounted, any no'e or other
evidence of debt, with intent oí enabling any stock-
holder to wuhdraw any part of the money pa d in
by him on his stock, nor sluli the said directors ap-
ply, or suffer to 03 applied, any po-non of the
fund  of the said corporation, directly or indirectly,
to ihe purchase of shares of its own stork; nor shall
the said directors, or any of th°m, receive as a se-
curity for a loan or discount, or m payment or sa-
tisfaciion ot any debt due to ihe said corporation,
except in the necessary course of collection of debs
prevtouslj contracted m a bona fide manner in the
ordinary course of its bunking operations, and
ccually due and unpaid, any shares of the capital
stock of the said corporation; and any shares of the
sail capital s'ock so received m payment,of any
such debts shall be, m gocd faun, sold and trans-
ferred fr.im the hands and ownership of the said
corpora'i n within days fiom the time oí its
transfer to and reception by the same, in the man-
ner and for the purposes aforesaid, nor shall the
said directors, or any of them, receive from any
other banking or ether stock Corp >raiion shares
of the sock 0/ any such banking or other
stork corporation, or any notes, bond*, or
other evidences of debt issued by or upon the
credit of such corporation, in exchange for the
share* of stock, notes, bonds, or other evidences of
debt of the corporation created by this act.
And the said directors, in determining what are
"surplus profits" of the said corporation from which
the dividends allowed by this article may be made,
shall firu deduct from the gross profits of the busi-
ness of the said corporation all expenses paid or in-
curred, both ordinary and extraordinary, attending
the management of the affairs and the transaction
of the business of the said corporation; all interest
paid, or then accrued, due and urpad, on debts
ov.iog by the 'aid corporation, and all losses
sustained by the sa d corpora ion, and in
the c"rrputaiicn of such 1 t <es, all debis
ovmgtothe coiporaiton shall be mcuded which
shall 1 ave remained d¡ e, without prosecution, and
no interest shall hava bien pa'd thereon, for more
than one year, or on which judgments sha'l have
been recovered that sha'l have remained for more
th"n two 3 ears unsatisfied, and on which no inte-
rest shall have been pa,d during that period.
Page 29, «cc 17, line 18. After the word
"af lesad ' insert tie fo'lowms-
And if at a ly tune su h suspension of specie
pa>mert< shall become g'ner^l as to the liabilities
aid ob''g.iiion* abjv^ ei.unier'ttd, or any class or
portion oí e ther of ihem, either a' the said principal
Bank or at a *y cue of the branches, office*, or agen-
cies, thereof, it shal be the duty of the Attorney Gene-
ral ol the Unr ed Statsa, foilhwuh to make appli-
es 10a to the Supreme Court of the United S ates,
if in ses ion, and to ihe chief juji e ihereof, when
the said court is not in session, by bill or petition,
in the nature of a proceedi >« in chancery, for an
injunction to restrain tbe said principal Bank and
all ihe said branches, offices, and sgenc e , wher-
ever located, from making any fanner issues of
bills, notes, draft*, or other securities for the pay-
ment of, and calculated and intended to circulate.
