162                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.o borrow money, and to postpone the payment of the debt per-
haps for many years to come' He thought it would Butthis,
>.. seemed, was a par', of the policy of the Han ison Admimstia-
uon. He contended that this GjTttnment might, by prudent
.nauagenieni, have revenue fully adequate to all its wants, and
that it need not contract a permanent debt
He next argued that by the deeds 01 cession of New Yoik
and Virginia it was ¡          and palpable that the intentions of
those Stales in ceding then lands were that they should be a
source of revenue to tim General Government And now, said
he, this source of íevenue is to be cut off, and the lands are ro
toe given aw ly to the several States Were we now called upon
to pay the debt  or the Geneial Government Certainly not,
it was to assist those States that weie deeply involved in paying
then deb*s One, among the other objects, it was pieiended,
ior the calling of this extra session was to pass a measuie dis-
'nbuting the proceeds of th  sales of the public lands Yes'
it was to encourage all sorts of extravagance and waste, it was
to establish a National Sank, to give away the public lands, and
to create a national debt He would say that the tendency of
thismeasure was to create a national debt in oidet that we
tmgithave i National Bank, and this national debt was to fur
nish the life blood of a National Bank And it appeared that
sixteen millions oí dollars oí stock was lequired to put this
Bank in operation ' ind taking this in connection with the fact
of passing che bill granting the e íormous  um of 825,000 to the
widow of Genenl Harrison,these things might faiily be said
to ionn a part of General Haimluon's sheme in loOO It was,
inshoit a part of that exploded system Cieate a National
Bank, and a national debt, and you centralize the Government
Gentlemen had contended that this Government has a right to
disposeof the public linda and any other public propeity, con
sequently it had a ught, if it thought propel, to dispose of the
lands to create a vacuum in the Treasury and a national debt
INew, if it had this power to give away those lando, why (hen it
had also the power to disposeof other propeity Could it, he
would ask, give away its forts, its armones, its arsenals, its
sbip=>, &e
Mi ARNOLD lose to a point of ordoi I use, to ask if it i  in
Older to discus the question of the public land '
The CHAIRMAN «ai 1 it was not in older except in so (ai
as that sublecthada beanng upon the one befoie the com
jnlttep
Mi. GORDON itsumed lie knew the question of public
lands was not stuctl} in order, hut he deemed it somewhat
connected wufi his aigument, arid theiefoie he had ta en occa
sion to li iei to it He, howevei, knew that the majority on this
floor did not like to hcai sentiments such as he had utteied
He knew that they did not like to have it said that this gland
scheme was an exc u=e——
fhe CHAIRMAN íeHnded the gentleman that he was nut m
oidei m he course of argument he was pursuing
Mr CUSH1NG hoped the gentleman would bo allowed to i ro
ceed
And no objection having been made—
Mr GORDON then itsumed lib remaiks by saying that
thriesultnf the course which this Administiatnm wtce adopt
ing would be theiiitiocluction oí a high protective tariff oi ch
rect taxes. Dim would he in consequence of giving away tin
public ItniU He would tell the people of the Sc ulli that u
wo ild not 1c Icnijcbtloiethey woull seethe pioicelivesysu m
made to heal hauler than it did at [ntseut upon Iheui line
was an Adniini-U uion aUempliog tunéate duiUun.il debt mil
aNatltmil Bank Heie wislhe (nihlli Treasury plundued fm
the puiposool subjecting the people and blinding (hem to the
powei of uvuion, when they could he relieved by an economi
cal Admmisti therewith a veiy slight icsoitlolhi taxing lower
Mi G nextonteiedmtoatonuastol theSub Tioistiiy and
a National Bank, and alter speaking in the most exalted tonus
ofthr I nmu, and setting fotth the good effects it would have
worked if illowed to íemain, he depicted hi the most gloomy
eolois the peat evils that would íesult from the establishment
ofaNauonal Dank He then advened to the íepoit oi these
oreury oí thelieasury, vndsud thit the gentleman liom ¡New
Vork|Mi Fin more I had tiktn (or _ixntiil all thai hadbec ,
said by that ollicet About a loan, without enteiing into an ev i
mination and judging (oi himself i, to the iiuouni that would
beiupured Now H wl needed twelve millnns why postpone
thepjym'iitolitloi eight yeirs, mil thus comje1 the Govern
incut t >pev imciejon the sum all that time' He would ask
when < oueit s would have the means of p tyinj i tl the, ', bt
when ithidgouidof llu. | uhlic anils' And yet st , *eiosiv
we we re tbout to give them aw y to the M lie) loi thcTpntp, c
of relieving them' He warned u. t,et at Hie i \.iu amount ol
ihe debt, and ihen, u it was thought it c >u'd not be paid oifm
lfall, why, he would ask, should the Government notice
Treasury notes instead of dealing a national debli This
would be the wise°l couiso, in his opinion, to pursue But he
icpiated what he had already said, (hat the Government po^
sossed imple means, and ought not to h sou to a national debt
Did the Whig pally, when eked neeiing lata (ail lell the!
people that they would cieato a lUioiialdebt? No not they
they knew bettei And now here they neie coming down upon
us loratictiimil debt, for i Nan mil limk and tm a taiilf In
what pirl ol thecoumry had the \Vhi"s pi cached these thin«s>
He> would HI his constituents lhat wtwon !o have a IN til in il
Bank ion ed upon us—that we were to haie a national delu —
thatwe were to have the protective system extended—ana all
these things were to be for the benefit of this Administiation
and its allies He concluded with saying tint, having sol i id
o! the public lands, the Governmentwoulillci.1 itsell compelled
to lesoit to the taxnie powei   to sustain lts.lt
Mi nil MORE moved foi (he using of the commute 
which met on piev^i me, the committee lose, indrepoitedthe
District bill for the lehel >f the insane, and iej orted nro^iess
on the Loin bill, when on motion ol Mi  1 ilivioke,        "
The House adjourned
On ¡Monday evening Mi Banks, of \irgtni-iotleied lie lol
lowing intendment -to the bill ior 'distributir ü the ptocceds
from the s^e, of the public lands and Slanting preemption
rights, to conn m alter the eiglvli section The amendment
was lejected
And be it fvilhn enapted. That the funhei quantity nffive
hundred thousand anes of land be, and the slme isheiebyap
piopuated,maJdiuim to Ihequaniity hen. nloie nppioprntnl
by the act, "entitled an act foi ihe lehef oi Ctrl un cifi eis ami
soldiersof the Virginia line and navy, and oi the Continental
fmldu™S ""i^TOlutionaiy war, appioved (he 30th of May,
l{«0, which said appropnauou shall be applied in the mannei
provided by the said act to the unsatistied warrants which
have been or may be issued as therein directed to the officers
and soldiers and others, as described m the fitst, fifth, and seventh
sections of said ac!, with the exception of the lastparagiaphof
the fk-*t section which was lepealed by the act of the 13th of
July, 1832
And be it further enacted, That if the quantity of land here
by appropriated shall not be sufficient to satisfy all the unsatis
fi d warrants whiJi shall be issued and i iesented on or befoie
the said 1st day of January, 1841, then the land hereby appro
pnated shall be distributed among the said claimants pro rata
Mr B^DLACK offered an amendment to the first section of the
bill, the effect of which was to delay the time at which the bill
should go into operation for one year upon the giound that if
the reporto! the Secretary of the Treasury cojjd be íelied on,
this amount should not now be diveited fi >m the rl íeasury
Mr Bidlack moved also to amend by striking out the seventh
section loi the reasons stated at length in his remarks previ
ously made, inasmuch as this section gave 500,000 to several
States which already had received more than 1,000 000 of acres,
and was consequently unjust in its opeiation
Both ame dments were rejected
IN SENATE,
Thursday, July 8, 1841
Mr KER presented a report ol a committee of
th' General Assembly of Maryland on the subject
of the public lands, accompanied by a resolution
stating, m effect, that (he lane's were never con-
veyed for public revenue , but in tiust, for Ihe pur-
poses therein rieentioned, and lhat a grant oí the
public lanas lo the Sta'es 11 which ihey lie wou'd
be a usurpation of power which wao never con-
ferred on Congress; which were laid on the table,
ard ordeied to be printed.
Also, a memorial from citizens of New York,
expressing their opposition to any bill establishing
a banlcivm law; which was laid on ihe table
Mr TALLMADOE presented a mtmc rial from
citizens of Cherry Valley, New York, in favor ol
a bankrupt law, which was laid on ihe table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from citi
zens of Dunkirk, New York, in favor of a bank-
rupt law, whicn was laid on ihe t->Ue.
The House bill to distnhute the proceeds of the
public lands, and to grant pre-emptions, was read
a second time, and rcierred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr LINN iubmittrfdan amendment which he if-
tended to offii when the bill came up, which pro-
vided ih it the proc eds of the public land* should
be appropriated to the common defence of the
country. The amendment was ordered to be
printed.
Mr KING offered that the Senat.- would take
up and act upon a motion submittt d by him several
(lay5-since, to reconsider the vote by which the
Annual Statement ol Commerce and Navigation
had been ordered tobe printed.
Mi HUNTINGTON bop d the Senator would
permit ihe resolutu n to lay oier, as u was appa-
lenl the frénale wts not very full ai present
Mr ICING said if ihere was an intention to op-
pose the resolution, he would consent to postpene*
it until to monow He had Ihougit that an ex-
amination oí the subj ct would have convinced
every Senatoe of ihe piopnety of adopimg Ihe mo
tion submitted by him, and that there wou'd have
been no opposmen to it If the h'noiab'e Senator
from Coniitcticm, however, intended to debate ihe
resolution, ¡ e vvc uld not now press it
'Ihe me fon «as then postptned until tomor-
row.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE
The Senate ih. n proceeded to the consideration
of ihe resolution submit ed by Mi Buchanan,
calling for ihe na.fies ot peisons removed (rom of-
fice since th  4 h o[ March las'.
Mr. LINN rij-e and occupied the morning hour
in th" di>cip un rf ¡his subject. He read extracts
fiom ihe speeches ol he 'uprcileis of the Wh g
cause, which, h 'id had not been carried out in
practi p since the parly came into power He said
the Senaeorfiom Kentucky [Mr ClayJ had b en
Ihe very life and miu! of the cathode Whig party,
lhat universal Wing paity, which in one respect
was like the b'oad c cean, that grand laboratory of
nature lhat received into its restless giid heav.ng
bosem every substance, however discordant and
offens ve, but, unlike that ocean, it had not th
powei of purification—of working up corruption
into mcorruption, and throwing the vapor to the
clouds, leiting ,t fall again, bringing to the earn
fertility and joy. From every defeat which lhat
party had sustained, the Senatoi came back to the
combat with untiring energy, a spirit never quail-
ing, and soul unsubdued. From his proud and
lotty bearing, he (Mr L ) did expect that that
Senator would have stood up against removals;
but he must confess, that eve in lhat Senator he
was disappointed. Herecoheeel the time, at the
last se'sion, when that party had come into power,
(and although not a veiy good reporter, he thought
he could givj a graphic description ot the very
manner of that Senator on the occasion ) He said
that the President would be every inch a Presi-
dent, and that if he could find any Loco Foco in
office that was honest, capable, and competent, he
would be left as a monument of Whig mercy.
Mr. L. gave way at ihe close of the hour, to re-
new his remarks to-morrow.
FISCAL BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill to incorporate
the subscribers to the Fiscal Sank of the United
States
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill, by
adding to the end of the 17th fundamental rule ol
the bill a proviso, lo the effect, " that the cashier
of every oflice of discount oi deposite shall, on
the first Monday of January in eash year, trans-
mit to the presiding officer of each House of Con-
gress a list of all noles discounted, and of all bills
of exchange bought and sold by those offices, to-
gether with the names of all drawers and endorsers
of said notes, and of all bills ot exchange, with the
drawers', endorsers, and acceptor  "
Mr. Walker said this amendment was the same
m principle as lhat submitted on another occauon
by his colleague,' though somewhat different in
form The objections then made lo the fullest
publicity were, thai it wcall give opportunity to
persons to gratify idle o" malicious curiosity, and
would oppose to scrutiny the affairs ot private in-
dividuals.
Mr. W. thought the right to the closest scrutiny
ought to be granted. In this bank the Govern-
ment was about to trast all its revenue, which
would be loaned out And should not every op-
portunity be granfed to examine into the proceed-
ings of the institutions Without some such fea-
ture nolhmg would be safe. He considered it in-
dispensable lo the security of note holders, stock-
holders, and depositors. If there had been some
such clause m the old Bank, there would not have
been discounts made in dark corners, nor would
the heart have been sickened with the detail of the
frightful and flagitious frauds that had been per-
petrated by the officeis of lhat Bank. Their pro-
cesdings were shrouded in mystery, and they were
irresponsible lo the public He appealed to Sena-
tor* on the other ¡fide to allow that feature to be
engrafted on the bill. Nay, he appealed to their
sense of right—to th ir patrie tis.ii, to do it. That
publicity was essential to the safety of the Bank,
was admitted bv a large number of the Whig par-
ty. On the amendment he desired the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KING said he entirely agreed with the sen-
timents expressed by the Senator from Mississip-
pi, as to the necessity of publ city as a feature of
safety, but he thoug'it the amendment would not
reach the difficulty complained of. Once in each
year there would be a voluminous document
which would not be read or properly examined.
He would suggest, th"iefore, to the Senator, the
propriety or hating a statement made once a week
and published in soiie paper where the BanK is lo-
cated. *A"nh íegaid to exposure, would the honest
man fear (hit it was known thai he had borrowed
money in the prostculton of his business? He
hoped his friend would so mod'fy the amendment
as to secure the grea'est publicity
Mr. WALKER would be glad 'o accomplish it,
but hefeaied it would not go do vn, and he ex-
prfssed a wish that his friendo would let it go in
the form it was draughted, as it would secure a
portion of the object lhat all had ao much at heart.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky was sorry to beob'iged
to oppose the amendment He was friendly to
publicity, reasonable publicity; but what had been
the experience on the subject? No man m the
early stages of banking though' it expedient or ne-
cessary to exhibit the affairs of the institution even
to  a   committee.    Then, probably,  there   was
