CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            16S
more m>stery than was necessary. The prmcip'e
of publicity was progressing; and he did not
think it would do all at once to rush mío an open
exposure. Important changes in all systems should
be gradual Now let us see (said Mr. C.) what
has been done in the premises. By the bill, the
Bank is to be open at all times to the iiee and un-
restricted ln-pec'ion of a comraiitee of either House,
or a committee ol the stockholder-, and to each and
all the duectors. Here, then, in four five impor-
tant particulars did the bill afford the most ample
means for scrutiny. What practical effect would
be gained by the adoption of this amendment,
which was not already fully and amply secured by
the provisions of the bill? The effect oí that
amendment would be to disclose the names of all
the persons having transactions with the institu-
tions, principals and sureties Why, such an ím
mensp mass of names would make twenty large
volume , am! who -toiild look at it when it came?
And what a prm mg job, loo, would it begettingup
to circulate through the cinntr> The bill m ih"
shape it then stood contained all that w?s necf ssary
in the way of publicity. 1 o elicit truth was all
that was-essential, and he Irped thai no ohatig 
would be made.
Mr. BENTON was m favor of the amendment
He alluded to ti. secrecy which veiled the pro-
ceedings of the Senate in the eaily days of the Re-
publicano, which,after several ineffectual at emp's,
was at length rem. ved.     He  traced die  \otes
through several sessions, and read from the Journal
the following resolution-
"Rewind Thatthe conducting of the legislative and luilicul
powers ol the ¡senate in pub'ic, and suffering *n account oí th n
measmes and dil bention^ to be published m the newspap I',
is the best means of A tiusing geueial mfoimatoii co opining
the pnnnples motives, and c induct ot individual membei
and that, bywi li holding this m fot nation responsibility bee mes
unavailing the influence of then consumen s over one bi i ich \
ot the Leffislattire in a great mearme ai ulhilated ltd the best
seemtty vvnich experience lias devised against die aouse of
power andamrl  idmiui tiation abai \i isd 51
Thm was ¡o t bv a vole of 7 ayes to 21 noes.
After several years thr friends of publcpv pre-
vailed, and the door' 'iere thio J,n roen to the pub-
lic. What nould be ihoueh no v of st co. pro-
ceedings, and would ihey be tolerated for a mo-
ment? Th  peipl" of this c untry would graduate
in three years '«-oin this m ic on the su \| ctff
bunking' and ihen hey would b  quite as astonish-
ed that Ihev ever permit ed the business to be done
in secret, as <he r copie ot this day were at ¡he
c'osed doits in Ihe early part of the Government
Mr. B said he knew of m tjrana/ nvre alroene.
than that of the b-ck psrloi of the Bmk He
made no complaint"! on his own part; he
had nothing to complain ot ¡he banks Hh
had got from them all he had ever asked for
He had been made the medium, however, through
which complaint had besn uttered, and had known
that in the United States Bank, while not a dollar
could be obtained by the hone-t and industrious
classes, the brtkeis came in for their hundreds of
thousands and Half millions at a cup, ami thus it
was thai the industrious clas-es were wronged, and
the vínole country mjuad It had been the habit
for gentleman m speaking of the United Siates
Bmk, to pass encomiums on her befor sne bee .me
a State bank, then all was «ood, and sin'-  thai
Urn- all was infamous, but he could show that with
tbeexcep'ion oí trading mcotton.all ¡he abusos \vhich
have led io hei overthiow, v ere ¡n full operad n
under the Um'cd S'ates charter
Look at the report ..tase to Concuss in 1832,
and v hit did it d^c osp? \i . B here lead fr m
therppoit .i great man/ r,n u i f loans to Thomas
Biddle, of foui and fivo nu-¡dr°d thousand dol'prs
at a lime, wh U' paotr ir <■ íruUitude ol ar 'v>
merchants, anomnnj a'lostl'^r io ítb u' fv o
hundred thou rnd Hoiiais, v.ss ¡e¡ec'cd i'o.ins tie
same p rod t at dies  reDeu'eJ bans of had a
million at a lime were made to a bi ker ' Ye ,
while the honct and mdustnous classes could get
nothm?. politicians, editors, and broker's,could car
ry off mi lions
Mr CLAY of Alabama a,ke 1 Mr Walker so
to mod fy ihe amendment lha> ¡he publ city sho i d
be made to app°ar onc^ a week or once a month at
least, once a year was no cheek If *.ueh a fea-
ture bad been grafted on the late Bank bill, did any
one suppose that Jame, Watson Webb or Morde-
cai M. Noah womd bav- sot discounts to the
amount of g5O,OO0'2 Would the directors have
dared to make su< h a discount' Would they have
lo.-ned monp] t> bankes or brokers, the very last
class that nuehi to be aded by oaiiis? No; nor
would the exhibits ade in sume of the States of
three or four millions, divided among some sixteen
or seventeen md'v duals, h?.se appeared The
Senator from Kei.mciiy referred to the clause ai-
rea!;, m the bulas all that was essential, when it
seemed io h m but mere downright mockery.
Mr CALHOUN said hs would vo'e for this
amendment, though, in his opinion, it was far
short oi wn.'t ihe public had a right to demand,
lie iraced the manner by which the Bank could
operate in different sections, ^s favo,itism or inte-
rest might dio ¡tte Expanding in one sec! on, and
making a>ouc> nlr~ y there, and contracunj  in
another, and m^k'ii" rior. y ^aice. The commu-
nity haa as r ucn r ght to die pub'ieity of tb«se
pioc^eding,- „s ihatof any olher depattment o .he
Government.
Mi. ALLEN spoke for some time in favor of
giving ih- folie t publicity to all the proceedings
The courts of jusiice were obliged to sit with
open door  and it was the fact of the public man
ner in which justice was admims|er d that made
the people s id ' v th ■ law ?n 1 ¡he officers, but
suppose die cot it siouio he Hpa'ed, sin i ? judg-
meiit rePtlerf in u*"', ;?s ,t be snppnstd that
sucha^er n i ' "ti ' 1 tohrat^d by th/> peon ci
He 'btfght 'h- c e- t'eom; t 'o loie 'or ¡he
amendme t ir, snirl Mr A. when " > co -e t' die
rep a', -'uif tc h-,1!, up '-nil nakt th( ea di
qiike um'ei y i \ ben up txposetois -dempi at
sececy Yn1 m-v di so ,/ von p'e>se, I wi ' r <i
sat if you i,ire, r i no ' ou dir d ) wha' }oo
wi 1, but yt u > list mr 1  hp c nspqu rc"s.
?l- OUT [PKU     «i   i>e 'oud   egia1, if  the
strf ( oí hi   h" >  i>    o'-'    * u,   i par i   ove in tin
detv te     He i a     s mo years   in"",  nai   bate in
t'.ischaml <", <iil h t i ¡e nnl)   ueans  by  which
the barkin     sipm'oul 1 oe preserven from a sp->e
'  dv and   o.i r-'-r'i'oj'ra-  the remoypl of t1  
I  val of sectrc   "nn th" r rpris «t on , ^nd making
th> sockhol'er        bl   D>yOi   to   rann    if then
i ve tin u'   7 h "hjrf   on. t ¡h-i^tn t"r  -om Ken-
1    tu.Kj  io his ? r ■   irn  ¡    not'ha   i  1-. imp'optr
I  lmbe'f, bj   li*  p di1 c o'iiiion has rot\e reached
I   this   point      T'ieie  vas   no    '     ymg th^t pob'i ■
I   cpm on was rap ily ap,>io ibitg  it, rn, why  not
ihen g've t-p m    m in 'he chanei of ameilingit
vanoj1, abuses i<- tb- p ibhc opinion reaches (hem
He w"s opp   e ' t   sv ery on i^c ssary intpiference
wi h the  pnv   e  tianvchor.   of indiviluiK,   but
wire the fe. 1 ngs oí mdivi iu>ls to b  consult ml of
more miporUmce than the establi^hmen* of a sound
and   unitiim  standard  of  value.     He  said   the
sentiment  of 'a   stle   currency   or   no   banks,"
is   fast   becoming,    and    wonl (    soon    be,   the
«"ntiment o    the whole p oplfl   Onp of the great
reisons given   for the establishment of th s  Rank,
is that it wdl i nd io if'  co nction of the b?nk' is
sjsem, hut *'p  intflbaent   ppoipcfmi    co"ntrv
wlllauath ?' j uro i dvp ' >    Ms, whe i   you
refuse   to   co  <d    di     e-\v-*   o<    tniss    cv¡¡,.
Herenrre1 io  ihe operiiirn <c h"e^ in a  "lass
hue a  an cxamjle o    \ hat     janki g n titution
should b      Tne nireetoroih^n wiull  be   een  in
th°ir prorer  avee^ on5; an! tV dione   "'ho p '
fcred t' e'hon'           ne lis   p  t i, i-'ouid h  de'ec1
i   etl rll 1 expos-d
Mr wooiUJIYmi'tii-iH enthadbeen
1 offered to al > \ o it n - ore s t c1 in ulcrs 'o pxh-
I mine 'hp books o' t Ivi k nut ,thad b en "of1
! ('ivii I ik > hp r eh i eh every par".ei
nij o «io, k r imji«v > •ni o exam n  )r 'o i
o-n tni rests Tn c,<,<«rr't ti  otd <-t pv im^ci
1  ougnt t) be e r'o ed
1      T e q íes ion   i?s hen t j'rn on ' n   Wiikf"'-
aT >nd"nent, m ' dec"1  i ir   "e r    J     -—-vp« >"*
\  nays 23, as f< hows
1       YEAS—Messrs. AHm, B"n on,Buchanan. C?'-
!   ho-in, Car of A'ab=-ma, Gu'ober , Tjllon, He-i
derson,  Kin", Linn,   McRob rts,   "1(u    i,  Nich
'  oboii     Picice,     icvte,    Poi.th   •(    Connecticut,
Sturgeon   Tjppan,   Walker,   W liianv.    Wood-
bury,  Wngh.   and Yiung—31
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates,Bayard,
Berrien, C'ioate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Ev, ns, Graham, Huntington, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Si nmons, Smith of" Ina. Southard, Tall-
madge, Wnne, and Woodbridge—25.
Mr. WALKER then offered an amendment, to
the effect that any ten or more stockholders should
have the right to examine into the accounts, &c. of
private individuals.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the friends of the in-
stitution on that wde of the chamber would see the
propriety of this amendment, and would consent
to its adoption
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. No, sir, I will not
consent to ¡t.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would do the Sena-
tor from Kentucky the justice to say that he had
no hope, that he would consent toils adoption.
The question was then laken, and decided in 'the
affirmativp—iyes 24, noe  23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay c f Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRobens, Mtutor,, Nicholson, Pierce,
Porter, Pr> ntiss, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—24
NAYS—-Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Beruen, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
tm, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Huntwgtm, Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Preston, Smith of
Indiana, S uthard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23
Mr BENTON then moved an amendment to
the folio" rg cf ct, to come in at the end of the
swemepnth 'im 'amtntal lule-
'Th t the bond oi direcMd and exchange committee shall
ke p suitibli bntik , in wo ch aie to be entered all notes and
bits otiiiril ii be discounted to ether widi the hills oí ex-
elnn"( oleiul tt be sjid 01 ¡ u ih ised, the names of ihawcit.
a I etihn us the tmount of time to mn, and whether the
sum \w sdNtourite lor putchased or refused—the same to be
o, i n i ul; du m" b urs oí business, and subject to the mspec
at i o toe r u iiic '
Mr BhNTON .aid he would not detain the Se-
na'e bv sabmn'mg any remarks on this amendment,
but would s,mpiy asK for tne ayes and noes, which
weie or 'c e I
I'll? qu * tion was then taken, and it was decid-
c 1 in " e nrgat ve—iiei 22 noes 25, as follows:
YEAS—-Messis Allen, Benton, Bachanan,
Olo on, '"Ky of Alabaran, Cuthhert, Fulton,
Kins, Lm , McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
P erce, S> vier, Smiih of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wak r, W.lnams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Younr;—22.
NAYS—Mes rs. Archer, Barrow, Bates,Bayard,
B men, Choate, Clay ot Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Mangum,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, Whi e, and Woodbridge—85.
Mr WALKER then moved an amendment, to
ronif in at i "• 17th fundamental rale—the yeas
an I nays tj be taken on the discounts at the Bank,
a- J to b° entered upon the books, subject to the
same inspection
Mi CLAY o' Keniueky thought it wholly unne-
ressaiy ihe books were open, and this amend-
ment woui 1 only have the effect to embarrass In
a city like Njw York, where there might be 400 or
500 n-tps ol a day, what chance would there befor
siiih e*i ' i nation1
01 t" a amendment a debate ensued, m which
Messrs SÍ VI\j 'NS, BAYNARD, WALKER,
BARRIES, A'OODBURY, and others particpa-
t d, 3' 'i hís fina,iv si modified, at'he sugges-
•lon <i V, BiTiRo/it '0 admit of the yeas and
n--ys opin, tiken w iere any member of the Board
d s en t d,  md in that shape was adopted.
\I,. BE TON alluded io the shaneiul outrage
wii.cn Me sud. had b"en perpetra'ed by the other
ba^k •> r\cUding the Government directors Not
on y b-id ha  been known, but the patty sustaining
ihe Ba'ik bid sustained it afterwards with a f a'l
knowledg of allt>e facts. He would, therefore,
move to omend the bill by inserting.
'Thai no pat tol the pi otee tings ol t^-Ban!, noi any'oans
di-ounti, o p^; ne tt mad by ¡ not any mdi-i giyen,sha!l
tie modi or kt pt secret Irom Lhe G v, rom m t irectois, nor shall
satldircctois I) e\t 1 «tied fiom the fi e and lull participation
m all the trai]-sioisoo> and b ismess c i the institution "
