168
of benefiting its own stockholders. It is lo influ-
ence the currency, through the medium of its dis-
«ounts, by that gi eat engine so often and so suc-
cessfully made use of by the late Bank of the
Unilfd States, tbe system of contractions and ex-
pansions, Tnis immense influence in all its ope-
rations—its discounts, exchanges, expansions, and
contractions, must haire a powerful effect on all
the business, property, and citcums-ances ot the
people of this Union. It was remarked yesterday,
with powerful truth, that the tremendous influence
of this institution will bn greater on the people of
this country than any act in the power of Congress
to pais. An act to impose a poll tax of $5 on every
inhabitant of the United States, w«u!d not inflict
so sudden a change on the circumstances of the
people, or make a greater inroad on their means,
than an order from the directors of this institution
to contract the currency to ihe amount of $10,000,
000. But it would not be the pecuniary resources
of the people that would be most affected by such
an order of contraction. It Is in the power ot those,
who can at pleasure make or wi'hhold su-'h orders,
to influence not alone the currency, but, through
iis fluctuations, the electiost;. He [M. Allen]
hid no disposition to rake op all the artifices re-
sorted to, by the sapporteis of the patty now in
power, to carry tbe late Presidential election. Bat
one thing he would call to mind—that the
freat issue made before the people against
the re-election of the Democratic President,
was the low prices and assumed derangement
of the currency, charged upon his adminis-
tration; And how was that derangement of
currency produced? Is it any longer to be doubted
that it was a combined effort of the banks in con-
tracting, artfully contrived to goad the public mind
into a belief that the only remedy for the pressure
thus created, was to be found in a change, which
change would enable the money power to obtain
this very regulator of the currency. It was charged
home on the head of the late AdminiMration, that he
had made money scarce. Did not those who charged
this, for mere electioneering effect, well know
that no President of the United States could have
any such power of making money scarce? Did they
ever venture to meet the question put to them, and
necessarily growing out ot their own assortion, that
if the President of the United States had the power
of malting money scarce, he had equally the power
of making it plenty? He would have but to make
money plenty to secure his re-election. This was
a question unanswered and unanswerable. They
were told that the banks, having the power to af-
fect the currency, and having an inteicst in sus-
taining Bank ateendtney by securing the esta-
blishment of this very measure now under
discussion, continued and extended the prep-
sure to produce the very effect they desired, of
making the people feel distress; and to prevent
ibe true cause from being seen, which was to be
found in their own orders fiom one end of the Union
to the other, acting in secret. Thus no possi-
bility was left of exposing to the people the true
source of the pressure and low prices, really
inflicting the miseries on the people, and so they
charged it on the Administration. It was this very
principle of secrecy which made the people liable
to be successfully deceived, and left it out of tbe
power of the friends of the late Administration to
advert to records of the facts, which could havj
been done, bad the publicity required by this
amendment been compulsory on all ihose banks as
to the orders by which they tflu cted the; contrac-
tions of the currency. The people did not know the
cause of the pressure, but, feeling it, were, in the
absence any more palpable cause, easily persuaded
that the Government was to blame. He (Mr.
Allen) had witnessed the effects produced in his
own Stale by the system of Bank secrecy. Depre-
ciation, to an alarming extent, was produced by
contractions, and then excitements were fomented.
All was laid at the doors of the Administration.
Could such a delusion be made subservient to elec-
tioneering purposes if the affairs of every bink
and the causes of every step of contraction were
made public, and placed on record? But this know-
ledge was not attainable. What these banks did
was done m secret.   The Bank party had an inte-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rest in charging things on the Piesidentof the
United Siates, which be had no more control over
than the Grand Lama.
What is this measures, but a chatter to make
the Treasury Department of this Government a
great banking corporation?—a corporation taking
its profits from the pockets of the people—profits
made out of the capital borrowed trom the same
people—profits distributed, not to the contributors,
the people, but to individuals, who may be Bnti h
capalist?, or to any other persons who may be
admitted as partners of Ihe institution. 'What is
this measure but one tu grant to the Treasury De-
partment banking privileges, and enable it to take
into partnership whom it plaescs?
On referring to the bill, n is found there declared
that any funds of the United States, lodged in the
hands of this institution, shall be deemed in the
Treasury ot ihe United S ates. All moneys of the
Government deposited in this Bank, are by the
charter declared to be, not 'n the Bank, but in the
public Trcai-ury. Is not this evidence in the char-
ter itself, that the Treasury and the Bank are one?
It will not be pretended that thi-s Bank will not be
the Treasury of the United States. Well, then, all
that is a.ked by this amendment, is, that'the
same publicity which the people are entitled
to with regard to the Treasury, %hall be pre-
served in any charter altering the manner in
which any part of the affairs of that Depart-
ment shall b: transacted. Would it not be as pro-
per to pass an act to keep seciet the transactionsof
any other Department of the Government, as that
now proposed to conceal from ihe public, how the
funds of the United Slates are disrosed of, or to
whom loaned oui? If the effect if the loaning
out, or disposal of public money, is to be such as
to regulate .-.nd prevent fluctuations in the curren-
cy; or, on the other hand, to produce fluctuations
by contractions and expans.ons; the people oughi
to be told whenever such effect t are going to be
produced. It is their money; and their Treasury;
and their bank; and they ought to know what it is
doing and going to do. All this ought to be made
known to them, and m advance through the public
prints, that they may be prepared and guarded
against injurious consequences.
In allusion to the vast loans made by the late
United Slates Bank, was it any longer a secret ihat
they were made to enable those who obtained them,
to accumulate fortunes ftom the expansions and
contractions ¡growing out of such accommodations
The borrowers were enabled to buy up property,
when they made prices low; and to sell out, when
their expansions wised prices. And who had this
immense power conferred upon them? The offi-
cers of the bank itself and their connections. They
alone wieldsd the power—a power immeasurably
greater than that of the Government. But such a
power would have been nerveless—harm lew—had
Ihe principle of publicity been established. The
Whig farmer, whose nntcry at the late Presidential
canvass wan entitled by the falso assertion that it
was the Administration which had produced low
ptices, would not have had lo sell his wheat in
times of depreciation, if he could have known
wherein the blow was coming that was to prostrate
the value of his labors. He would have seen
through the operation of contraction and wailed for
expansion.
He, (Mr. Allen,) and those with whom he
octed, claimed this fiel'city for the peonle as a
matter of right—-claimed it as that which their Re-
presentatives could have no pretext to keep from
them. Where was there any authority for charteiin 
this secrecy m transacting the affairs of the
people? Is it pretended that by going in
partnership with private individuals—peihaps with
British capitalists—you can shut out the people
from looking into what is doing in any of their
own institutions?—that you can prevent them from
demanding and knowing what their own servants
are about? You might as well say that because
you bave to make a contract for naval stores you
cannot allow the people to get any rati re returns of
navy expenditures; or, because ycu have to make
a eontract for printing, you cannot let the people
know what is the expense of this session. That,
in short, as the private contracts of individuals
would be exposed, you cannot nuke any more re.
ports of expenditures in the public Departments;
that you have a right to dispose of the public funds
secretly in one way as well as another. If ycu
have this constitutional right of secrecy, show it.
Where is it in the Constitution? Where ate you
in that instrument authorized to keep secret from
the people any transactions of their own Govern-*
ment? Does it give that right to you with respect
to the War Department, the Navy Department,
the State Department, much less the Treasury De-
partment, in which the great source of public
jealousy lies. In what branch of the Administration
of the Government are you authorized by the Con-
stitution to keep from the people ihat information
which their in'erests demand should be made
known to them. Recollect that thus must be kept
distinctly in mind—that you are engrafting bank-
ing privileges on the Treasuiy Department of this
Government. You are uniting the Treasury of
the people with a corporation, and that, perhaps,
of foreign capitalists. If it is ihe Treasury, or its
acting agent and partner, the people have an in-
disputable right to know how it d^poües of their
money. If it is not, why do you borrow sixteen
miliiens from the people, under the pretence of
making a Fiscal Agent, which is not to be ¡heir
agent, or accountable to them; and why do you
propose to entrust the public funds to it to trade
upon? In any view of the case, they are entitled
to tbe publicity now demanded.
One of his (Mr. Allen's) friends had asked hi-n
to incorporate with his another amendment, but
he would prefer taking the vote on hi  own amend-
ment, as a separate proposition. He wished the
gentlemen opposite to come out and say whether
the powers ot this Bank, like ihat of the old United
States Bank, of making contraction1: and expansiona,
of lowering and advancing prices, of producing
sudden and ruinous fluctuations m the value of
property and labor; whether this immense, this
dangerous power, is to be exercised in secrecy, or
to be wielded with a fair and open warning to the
people to be on their guaid, and prepared for the
consequences.
In the history of all times, we find the first inno-
vation on Republican institutions is through ths
establishment of this principle of secrecy. Nothing
can more effectually tend towards the overthrow of
such institutions, than the undermining current of
secrecy. Silence in maturing operations; secrecy
in carrying them into effect, never have failed of
succes.; and heie we have a measure well calcu-
lated to produce mighty changes, advanced steadily
and almost silently, with secrecy for the leading
principle of its operations. But he would say to
the projectors of this measute, take heed; if you
turn the door on the people, they shall not be left
ignorant of what is going en within your portals.
You will find yourselves, when you least expect it,
thrust out from your hiding places, if you mean
to live in the world with them, you will have to
live in the open light as they do. You cannot ve-
getate in vaults and underground ceilais in secret,
while the decree has gone out that ail shall
stand forth aiike in the open day snd and above
ground. The jugglery of ths late Presidential
election is too well understood by this time to
bear repetition—that dsy has gone by. Trie reign
of ljing, deceitfulness, and imposnbn is o-er;
these things have had eS'ect, but the dehisi-, a is
pa?t. When you go before the people again, you
will have to atone for that systop- of delusion; and,
in addition to t'rut, you will have to render an ac<
count for >our votes thi; day in favor of Ihe dark
and damning principle of secrecy—for this star-
chamber administration of pabhc affairs. The
time has come when nothing- but ih? sleepless vi-
gilance of the people themselves ran save'their in-
s'nutions from the ravagejof destructive element*,
and when they must thernse! ies be the guardians ot
their own liberty. Their sovereignty and their liber-
ties can be preserved by no other ¡neisnsthan thoseof
their own watchfulness, and the publicity of all the
acts of their deputed Government.
He (Mr. Allen) desired ihe vete to be taken on
this amendment by yeas and nays, that the respon-
sibility might be upon record of those members of
the present Administration, who are ready to de-
