184                                                CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
delays and obstacles thrown in the way of his favo-
rite measure.
How many days did the Senator himself spend
in amending his own bill ? The bill had been
twelve days before the Senate, and eight of those
had been occupied by the friends of the bill
That delay did not originate on this side of
the house; but now that the time which
was cheerfully accorded to him and his friends
is to be reciprocated, before half of it is over,
the charge ot factious delay is raistd. Surely
the urgency and impatience of the Senator and his
friends cannot be so very great that ihe minority
must not be allowed to employ as many days in
amending their bill as they totk themselves to alter
it. The Senator from Kentucky says be is afraid,
if we go on m this way, we will not get through
the measures of this session till the last of autumn
Is not the fault m himself, and in the nature of the
measures he urges so impatiently? These mea-
sures are such as the Senators in tha minority are
wholly opposed to on principle—such as they con-
scientiously believe are unconstitutional—and is it
not then right to resist them, and prevent, if they
can, all invasions of the Constitution Why
does he build upon such unreasonable expecta-
tions as to calculate on carrying measures of this
magnitude and importance with a few days of
hasty legulation on each ? What are the mea-
sures proposed by the Senator. They comprise
the whole Federal system, which it took forty years
from 1789 to 1829, to esiabluh—but which are
now, happily for the country, pro.trate in the dust.
And it is these measures, fraught with such impor-
tant results lhatarenow sought to behurned through
in one extra session; measures which, withou' con-
suming one particle of useless time to ai "uss Inl
ly, would require, instead of an extra se si of
Congress, four or five regular sessions
The Senator said the country was in art v,
crying for "action," "action " He understood
whence that cry came—it came fron the holders
of Slate stocks, the men who expect  d an c ther ex-
pansion, to relieve themselves at th xpense ot
Government. "Action"—"action," me¡>nt noth-
ing but "plunder," "plunder " "plunder," and he
assured the gentleman, that he could not be more
anxious in utging on a, system of plunder than he
(Mr. Calhobn) would be in opposing it. He so
understood the Senator, and he inquired of him,
whether he called this an m.idious amendment?
Mr. CLAY I said no such thing, sir, I did not
say any thing about the motives of Senators..
Mr CALHOUN said he understood Ihe Senator's
meaning to be that ihe motiv< s of the Opposition
were factious and frivolous.
Mr. CLAY     I said no such thing, «-ir
Mr   CALHOUN     It was so understood.
Mr CLAY    No, sn, no, sir.
Mr CALHOUN Yes, sir, yes; it could be un-
derstood in no other way
Mr. CLAY What I did say, was, that the
effect of such amendments, and of consuming time
in debating them, would be a waste of that time
from the business of the session; and, consequently,
would produce unnecessary delay and embarrass-
ment. I said nothing of motives—I only spoke of
the practical effect and result.
Mr. CALHOUN said he understood it had been
repeated for the second time that there could be
no other motive or object entertained by the Sena
tors in the opposition, in making amendments and
speeches on this bill, than to embarrass the majori-
ty by frivolous and vexatious delay
Mr CLAY insisted that he made use ef no as
sertions as to motives.
Mr. CALHOUN If the Senator means to say
that he does not accuse this s'de of the House of
bringing forward propositions for the sake of delay,
he wished to understand him.
Mr. CLAY.   I intended ihn'
Mr. CALHOUN repeated that he understood
the Senator to mean that the Senators in the op
position were spinning out the time for no other
purpose but that of delaying and embarrassing the
majority
Mr  CLAY admitted that was his meaning,
though not thus expresied
Mr CALHOUN observed that to attempt, by
such charges of factious and frivolous motives, to
silence the opposition, was wholly useless. He
and his friends had principles to contend for that
were neither new nor fnvo'ous, and they
would here now, and at all times, and in all
places, maintain them against those measures, in
whatever way they thought most efficient —
Did the Senator from Kentucky mean to ap-
ply to the Senate the gag law passed in the
other branch of Congress' If he did, it was time
he should know that he, (Mr Calhoun,) and his
friends were ready to meet him on that point. It
was not his intention, and he knew that it could
not be the intention of any of bis friends, to waste
unnecessarily one particle of the time of this ses-
sion; but time they would require to amend the
bill, and that was all they asked. Certain hi
was, that no other than a fair and open opposition,
on principle, was meant As long as discussion
was necessary, they should have it—beyond that,
thev did not look.
Mr CLAY said that, with respect to the motives
of the honorable Senators on the other side, he
would say nothing. But with regard to the ten-
dency of the course pursued, he would say, that it
could lead to nothing but delay It could lead to
no practical result What was the case the other
day on one motion for an amendment that there
could have been no rational hope of carrying?
There were no less than seve  speeches on that
side, and not a word on this- yet the decision was
so decidedly against it, as to show that it was
nothing but time thrown away, for no end.
He did not attribute to the Senators any motives
for de ay. He only s-poke of the matter of fact
He admitted that his sid> had had its share of
time co mature the bill; but that was their right, as
the friend  of the me sure—they were entitled to
^uch time as was requ sue in perfecting it. He
did not doubt that the Si nators on the o'her side
conceived they were following the path of duty,
and acting conscientiously, ^cccrding to the opi-
nions they entertained, in trying to defeat the mea-
sure, or, if they could nit do that, to render it as
odious as possible in the eyes of the world, m order
thpl it might ultimately fail. He recollected a pa-
rallel instance During the war with Great Britain,
Mr. Pickenn? and «onie others denounced a loan
which went to carry on the war, and endeavored
to dissuade capitalists from embarking m this loan.
What had now been the course of gentleman on the
other side, whom he regarded as modern Federal-
ists? To denounce thi* Bank—to declare that this
stock would never be taken up, and to say that
they would agitate the question of repeal
till it was effected With regard to the time
to be thus consumed on this measure, and the
others in contemplation—such a. ti e distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands—have not these
subjects been discussed over and over, and what
necessity can there be of making long speeches on
them now? Was it not all a wasteful delay of
public business? It must be admitted that the abili-
ties of the Senators on the other side were very
great; but they were not great enough to put out
the light which had gone abroad and shown the
people where their true interests lay. Let those
Senators go into the country, and they will find the
whole body of the people complaining of the delay
and interruption of the national business, by their
long speeches in Congrers; and if they will be but
admonished by the people, they will come back
with a lesson to cut short their debating, and give
their attention more to action than to words Who
ever heard that the people would be dissatisfied
with the abridgment of speeches in Congress? He
had never heard the shortness of speeches com-
plained of. Indeed, he should not be surprised if
the people would get up remonstrances, against
lengthy speeches in Congress
With regard to the intimation of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] he understood
him and his coarse perfectly well, and told him and
his friends that, for himself, he knew not how hi*
friends would act; he was ready at any moment to
bring forward and support a measure which should
give to the majority the control of the business of
the Senate of the United States. Let them de-
nounce it as much as they pleased in advanc<¡;?un-
meved by any of their denunciations and threats,
standing firm in the support of the interests which
he believed the country demands, for one, he was
ready for the adoption of a rule which would place
the business of the Senate under the control of a
majority of the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN said there was no doubt of the
Senator's predilection'for a gag law. Let him bring
on that measure as soon as ever he pleases.
Mr. BENTON    Come on with it.
Mr. CALHOUN said it must be admitted that,
if the Senator was not acting on the Federal side,
he would find it hard to persuade the American
people of the fact, by showing them his love of
gag laws, and strong disposition to silence both the
national councils and the press. Did he not re-
member something about an alien and sedition law,
and can he fail to perceive the relationship with the
measure he contemplates to put down debate here?
What is the difference, in principle, between his
gag law and the alien and sedition law? We are
gravely told that the speaking of the representatives
of the people, which is to convey to them full in-
formation on the subjects of legislation in their
councils, is worse than useless, and must be abated.
Who consumed the time of last Congress in long
speeches, vexatious and frivolous attempts to em-
barrass and thwart the business of the country, and
useless opposition, tending to no end but that out of
doors, the Presidential election? Who but the Se-
nator and his party, then in the minority? But
now, when they are m the majority, and the most
important measures ever pressed forward together
in one session, he is the first to threaten a gag law,
to choke off debate, and deprive the minority even
of the poor privilege of entering their protest.
What does the minority contend for, but their un-
doubted right to question, examine, and discuss
those measures which they believe in their hearts
are inimical to the best interests of the country?
It was objected that on one amendment seven
speeches had been made on this side of the House.
And what if there were? Was it any thing extra-
ordinary in the fact that seven Senators from diffe-
rent parts of the Union should have different
views and different interests to consider, or that
each should require time to deliver his views on a
question of the utmost importance—on a question
reaching to every man in the community—a
question demanding publicity in relation to
the power of creating fluctuations in the
currency which adjusts the price of every man's
labor and property? Yet the remonstrance against
keeping a thing of such vital interest secret from
the people, is now pronounced by the Senator from
Kentucky the best of reasons for urging his odious
gag law upon those who have dared to remon-
strate. The Senator refers to the course pursued
by Mr Pickering in a contest with the foreign ene-
mies of the country. He (Mr. C ) would not say
that he and his friends were contending with do-
mestic enemies, but they did insist that they were
opposing principles which were as important as
those involved in that contest. What, now, is the
situation of parties here? The Senator from Ken-
tucky and his friends, according to the belief of the
minority in this body, are trying to enforce mea-
sures which that minority believes are against the
best interests of the people ot the United States;
and that minority is trying to resist, and, if they
cannot prevent those measures, to make them at
least as harmless as they can. He (Mr Calhoun)
never had but one opinion; that from the time the
suspension of the banks took j.lace, and the issue
was before the people between a Sufe-Treasury and
a National Bank, it was the same vital principles
of high taxes, high tariff, funded debt, and distri-
bution, whieh were to be made the basis of
obtaining political power; and all that was
wanting was, the machine for concentrating
these elements of power. And he did trust that
the gentlemen with whom he acted, would go on
and do their duty, without being deterred by any
menace of a gag law from making such amend-
ments as they might think proper
One word as to this ten millions: Have we got
it ? No Prom whom are we to get it ? From
the people of the United Stales How? By a
mortgage on their property and labor at 5 per cent.
