186                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which has heretofore been found a sufficiently large
investment in a banking corporation, full one-third;
and if the public don't take more than two thirds
of the remaining twenty millions, you will take the
balance. The individual stockholders' subscrip-
tions will amount to thirteen milhors, and those of
the Government to sixteen millions; and the indi-
vidual stockholders choose six directors, while the
Government chooses three, they having two-thiras
of the management, and one-third of the capital,
and we furnishing two-thirds of the capital, and
having but one third of the management. What
is this but an invitation to corrupt and unprinci-
pled men who are enabled to raise the means of pur-
chasing stock in this Bank,to do so, for the purpose of
handling the public money? Whoever has seen
or read ef, in history, an institution in which public
money was placed under private management, in
which the trust was not abused? The Senator
from Kentucky has made himself believe that the
country is mad after this Bank, and yetheia afraid
that when we subscribe one-third ol its stock, the
country wih not subscribe for the other two-thirds,
but we must build it up with the Government mo-
ney, while we give the management to private in-
dividual?.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said the Senator from
New York was usually fair in his arguments, and
generally able; but he thought his argument on the
present occasion possessed neither of these charac-
teristics The suggestion of the Secretary of the
Treasury as to a rsserved fund, was not a new
one, but had been repeatedly recommended m the
financial history of our Government. But the un-
fairness of the Senators consisted m arguing on a
mere suggestion of the Secretary, which there is no
probability will be carried out: so far from it lhat
a proposition is before the House of Representa-
tives m which the suggestion of ihe íeserved fund
is expressly discarded As to the power of sub-
scribing for one-third tf ihe twenty millions of
stock, if it is not subscribed for by individuals,
which the Senator proposes to strike out, this slock
is not intended to be held permanently, but the
Secretary has the power to dispose of it at any
moment at which he can get the par value for it.
In looking at this measure, its fu nds are to oe
the judges of what is necessary to carry out ihe
purposes of its creation They think that this in-
stitution is necessary for the establishment of a
sound currency, to furnish assistance in the opera-
tions of commerce, and an indispensable aid ot the
Treasury Department. They imagined the>-e might
be some difficulty in getting into operation, caused
by the extraordinary character of the opposition lo
it. He alluded to the meats of repeal which were
uttered on that floor, and the assertion of the distin-
guished Senator from New York that be considered
the power of repeal as settled and indisputable
The only instance in our history in which a similar
course of opposnion was indulged in, v/as during
ihe last war with Great Britain, when a loan was
necessary to carry on the operations of our army
and navy. Mr. Timothy Pickering and some of
his friends were as ardent in their opposition to the
loan bill as the gentlemen on the other side are 'o th1
present measure, and Mr Pickering, in his opposi
tion, hoped the loan would not be taken, and if it
was, that it would be repudiated at a succeeding
session. It was in consequence of similar doc-
trines at the present day, by what he considered
Ihe present Federal party—this dangerous, this
monstrous doctrine, that charters may be annulled,
and contiacts violited—lhat that sacred principle
of law, which we have derived from our English
ancestry, shall be subverted—that ihe a embers of
one Congress can set at naught the obLgatio is in-
curred by a previous one—*hat the fne.'ds or the
measure had felt compelled lo strengthen it by pro-
visions which would enab.e it to resist them, and
offer sufficient inducements to capitalist to make
investments in its stock. Ii had been argued, and
with some plausibility, that the subscription of
seven millions, which were required for the Bank t >
commence its operations, might, to some extent,
occasion a pressure which would dismrb ihe regu-
lar operations of business. He thought this ap-
prehension was not well founded, but if the pro-
position of the Sanator from New York, to compel
the whole thirty millioBS of the charter to be paid
up, was adopted, there was little doubt that disturb-
ance, distress, and widespread ruin would be the
result.
Mr. WRIGHT said, for the purpose of disem-
barrassing tbe proposition, he would withdraw the
firs.t part of it for the present, and offer it after a
vole had been taken on the latter portion of it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was with the greatest
reluctance he engaged in this debate. He had in-
tended to offer two or three amendments to this bill
before it was taken out of the committee, upon
each of which he would probably make a few re-
marks, but nothing was further from his intention
or expectation than that he should be called on to
take part in any discussion which might arise on
the bill to day. But the Senator from Kentucky
had denounced in the strongest terms the jacobim
cal doctrine of the repeaiability of charters Now
he (Mr B ) contended that the power of repeal,
in this particular case, existed not only under the
Constitution, but was sanctioned by judicial deci-
sions. The Supreme Court, Chief Justice Mar-
shall presiding, had declared that m public corpo-
rations, to be employed in the administration of the
Government, the right of repeal existed, but lhat
it did not exist in private corporations. But did it
require the decision of a court to establish this
principle? Can Congress annihilate the sovereign
legislative powers conferred upon it for the benefit
of the whole people by transfernng them to a cor-
poration? If it can do this for one year, what would
prevent it from doing so for fifty years, or forevet?
The decision of the Supreme Court was, that if the
corporation were of public concern—were a grant
of political power to be employed m the adminis-
tration ot the Government, it was subject to repeal
or modification by ihe legislative power. This was
the decuion ot the judiciary, and was the spirit of
the Constitution, unless it could be contende 1 lhat
gress had the right to divest itself of its legislative
discretion, and vntually destroy itself. Ia this
Bank a public or private corporation' It is a Go-
vernment fiscal agent, an agent of ihe Treasury
Department, and the power to establish it is in-
ferred trom the clause m the Constitution, con-
ferring upon Congress lhat high attribute of sove-
reign power, to lay and collect taxes from ihe peo
pie Did any Government ever divest itself of the
power of regulating according to its own will, the
collection, sate keeping, and disbursment ot its re-
venue, or transfer this right irrevocably to corpo-
rations? If Congress possessed this power, they
could transfer the liberties of the country to a cor-
poration.
Mr B. then referred to a case decided in the
Supreme Court, between Go'zler and the corpora-
tion of Geoigetown, in support of the principle
for which he contended. The Reporter understood
tms to be a decision, tbat ihe coi poratton were not
bound to execute an agieement into which they had
entered with the lot holders by an ordinance foi
grading the streets, on the principle that such a
gradation was a matter of public concern, regarding
the interests of the citizens generally, and lhat, like
a public law, might be repealed. It was not a sub
ject of private grant, and on the same principle he
held we had a perfect right to repeal or modify this
charier whenever we thought it proper to do so.
But while he asserted this power, he admitted
that a would be an extreme case in which he
would be in favoi of exercising it. If this bill is
to be rushed through C«ngre s «hen the country is
not prepared for it, when the people have not
asked tor it, when no question has been made be-
iore the people on ihe subject, and in Virginia and
North Carolina, even ihe Whig party, m the Pre-
sidential canvass, taking ground against it, as wit-
ness the speech of Mr Badger, the piesent S cre-
tary of ihe Navy, and the address of the Whig
Convention in Virginia, and that this was ihe fact
generally he would appeal from the Sena or from
Kentucky to Mr. Tjlei, the official head of the
party, if the measure was to be adopted under such
circumstances, and especially if the gag was to be
applied in that body, a proper regard to the inte-
rest  of those we represented would prompt us to
sound the cry of repeal throughout the land, and
that question will be earned unless the people of
this country are willing ta be transterred to the
government of bank corporations.
He thought the doctrine, though an excellent one,
of the inviolability of contracts, came with an ill
grace *rom those who had, but a few months since,
violated the contract of Blair and Rives, the Print-
ers to the Senate. There was a clear and unequi-
vocal case of contract, founded on a law of the
land, the bond was signed, sealed, and delivered,
and was approved of by the your Secretary. And
yet, in the tace of all this, the Senate of toe united
States was fauhltss to its solemn contract, and
Blair and Rives were dispossessed of their rights
and another Printer has since been elected.
He was firmly of the opinion that the best thing
the friends of the Bank could would be to go home,
and defer the passage oí the bill until the nsxt ses-
sion. Let them wait the result of the fall elections;
and should there be a decided expression of the
popular will in favor of the Bank, much as he was
opposed to it, he would not be the first to move m
the question of repeal
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said that when the con.
queror of Continental Europe, the hero of Marengo
and Austerhtz, was in the zenith of his power, an
old maiden lady of Baltimore expressed, m warm
terms, her disapprobation of his conduct. Madam,
said the Frenchman, with much gravity, to whom
she was addressing her remarks, I am sorry you
entertain «uch sentiments of the Emperor, I am
sure he will be very much hurt when he hears of
it. So the subscribers to the stock of this Bank
would be very much hurt when they heard the opi-
nion of the honorable Senator as to the repeaiabi-
lity of their charter But these threats of repeal
passed him by as the idle wind; he knew it would
never be attempted to carry them in o execution.
But if he would desire the Senator and his party to
be placed in a position which, above all others,
would rum them irretrievably, it would be for them
to make this a question before tha free, intelligent,
and law-abiding people of this country. Here is a
charter granted by Congress for twenty j ears, and
on the faith of this p'edge of Congiess, individuals
have b^en induced to invest their funds mis stock.
Let them make this ques'ion, and my life on it, they
will receive a more overwhelming defeat than even
that of November last. It was a mfnstrous propo-
sition; and it need only to be stated, to receive the
md gnation of the public.
Mr BUCHANAN said the statement of the
Senator from Kentucky had only to be stated to
meet with universal indignation and reprobation.
What was the proposition? That the liberties of
the nation may be bartered away without the con-
sent ot the people- that Congress can divest itself
of its constitutional function , and confer them
upon a banking corporation, by a law which they
could subsequently neither modify nor repeal. This
was the proposition, fairly stated. The Senator
says he won't argue tne proposition. Sir, he can't
argue it. It does not admit of argument. To
state it is to answer it. Suppose Congress should
incotporate a great East India Company
wiihm the Distrc', on whici they would
confer a monopoly of all 'he valuable trade
to tbat portion oí the world. Will any man,
with the pulse of liberty beating m his heart, con-
tend that ihere is no legislative power to repeal this
odious monopoly, they remunerating individuals for
any losses which they might sustain'' Suppose
tne LfgisUture of New York should charter a com-
pany wi'h the exclusive privilege of trading in the
wheat and flour produced in that great State.
Would the Senator contend that a subsequent Le-
gislature could not annul lhat law? To contend
tor such a doctnne would be to as ert ¡hat a Le-
gislature can destroy >t elf, and transfer all its so-
vereign delegated powers to corporations He had
as great a respect as any man for private contracts,
and the mvioiauility ot char'ered lights held by
pi vate individuals, but he contended that the doc-
trine asserted by the Senator from Kentucky was
subversive of civil liberty, and was as convenient
a mode of changing our form of Government as
had ever been desired by its worst enemy.
It would be an insult to the memory of the great
man who lately presided over the Supreme Court,
to assert that he had ever asserted such a doctrine.
