CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l&-
Now what was that opinion? After reading the
remarks of Chief Justice Marshall, which preceded
his conclusion, he said: Now, sir, comes the prin-
ciple, which I read the other day "// the act of vn
corporation, (of Dartmouth College) fie a grant of po-
litical power—if tí create a civil institution, to be em-
ployed m the administration of the Government—if,
ice Sfc. the subject is one m which the Legislature of
the State may act according to its ownju Igment, unre-
strained by any limitation of its power imposed by the
Constitution of the United States " And why? Be-
cause the subject of the contract is a s ivereign
power of Government, and not a mere private
right.
Now, sir, continued Mr. B. I think I have
shown that the principle asserted by me is necessa-
rily the law, and that if this institution is one "to
be employed in the administration of the Govern-
ment," nay, in the execution of some of its most
important functions, it is subject to amendment,
modification, or repeal; and those who invest their
money in its stock, will do so with that understand-
ing. In case of repeal, they will have to rely for
indemnity on the justice of Congress, under all the
circumstances of the case.
Suppose that this institution, instead of safely
keeping the funds of the Government, should
squander them; suppose that, instead of adding fa
ciltties to the operations of the Treasury Depart-
ment, it should interpose insurmountable obsta-
cles and impediments; suppose that, instead
of creating a sound currency of uniform value,
it should derange the currency and render it un-
sound and fluctuating m value: will honorable
Senators contend that in any or all of these cases
Congress could not interfere because of the invio-
lability of charters? To maintain such an absur-
dity is nothing more nor less than to maintain that
Congress, in addition to the enumerated power 
contained in the Constitution, shall have the power
of transferring the exercise of any or all of these dele-
gated powers to an incorporated company for half
a century, by a law which was irrepealable. The
sovereign powers of Government conferred upon
Congresbby the States of this Union, can never be
delegated to corporations or individuals. The mis-
take is in considering these powers as if they were
proper subjects of private contract.
Could the Congress irrevocably transfer the
administration of the War Department to
an incorporation for twenty years, to car-
ry on war with the Indians, or with foreign
power*; could it transfer the administration of the
Navy Department, with the charge of our ships,
and their armaments, to an incorporation by a
law irrepealable for twenty years? Gentlemen
would scarcely contend for such an absurdity.
And were not the functions of the Treasury De-
partment as complex id their character, and as
important to the nation as those of either of these
Departments? The vaults of the Bank are declared
by the bill to be the Treasury of the United States;
and must our treasure remain there for ever under
any circumstances, if Congress grant a perpetual
charter to this institution? To maintain this propo-
sition, would be to transfer the whole power of
the Government from us regularly constituted au-
thorities to incorporations.
Thank Providence, hope begins to beam upon
us. Prom the moment that I heard the declara-
tion made on this floor by high authority, that if
there was any man in the United States who had
been more strongly committed against a Bank of
the United States than any other man, it was the
present President, I have cherished the idea that,
after all, the Senator from Kentucky would not be
able to inflict this odious Bank upon the country.
I believe the gentlemen will yet be defeated,
and that the defeat of this measure instead of being
a misfortune, ought to be hailed as a day ot jubilee
throughout the land. If capital is unemplojed—
if commerce is languishing—if the business of the
country has been arrested, it is all owing to this
special session. The country only required a short
season of repose, after the late Presidential conflict,
to put forth all its energies. But politicians would
not permit this. Agitation—agitation was re-
quired for their benefit; and this extra session must
therefore be convened.    Had Congress not met
until December, ere this we should have seen the
business of the country in a comparatively settled
and flourishing condition.
He had intended to have made a reply upon the
opening remark of the Senator's argument, but the
subject was too grave for wit; and if the Senator
could raise a laugh by repeating such a stale and
warn out joke as that between the old maid and
the French Minister, he could not envy either the
taste of the Senator or his audience
Mr. WRIGHT replied to the charge of unfair-
ness made by the Senator from Kentucky, and
showed its injustice He referred to the power of
repeal, and showed at the very moment the Sena-
tor was denying the power of the Government to
repeal this charter, he was contending for a provi-
sion which gives to us tho majority of the stock,
thus presenting the strange anomaly of a majori-
ty in interest of the stock of a joint stock company
deprived of the power of winding up its concerns.
How was this anomaly proposed to be obviated'
Why, that when the Secretary of the Treasury
purchases this six millions of stock, he may sell it
again at its par value. And what sort of an ope-
ration would this be in a financial point of view?
When the stock is bought, it is paid for by money
raised by a loan at 5 per cent, not redeemable for
fifteen years You buy the stock, and suppose
you sell it the next day, what is done with the pro-
ceeds of the sale? You cannot pay the debt in-
curred m the purchase oí it, for that is irredeema-
ble foi fif een years The money will then have to
go into the vaults of the Batik as a deposite, with
out interest, while the Government is paying inte-
rest for ruteen years ui the loan negotiated lor us
puicí ase Tins is the whole operation. It would
be perceived, then, that the Government would be
compelled to ho'd on to the stock as the only
chance of mak n¿ good the interest by the divi-
dends on it
The question wat, then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was negatived—ayes 22, noes 28, as
follows:
YLAS—Me&srs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King,
JL'nn, McRoberts, Montón, Nicholson, Pierce,
Stvier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—29
NAYS—Metsrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of In-
diana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—28
Mr. WRIGHT then moved to strike out that
part of the bill which allows the Bank to go into
operation after six millions shall have been sub
scribed, and to insert, "until the whole capital
stock of the said Bank shall have been paid in, as
required by the provision  of the act "
The question being taKen on this amendment,
the vote stood*
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay ot Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Lmn, McRoberts, Mou'on, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier, Smitn of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien,
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evan«, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rive?, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge,  and  Woodbndge—27.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then moved to add to
the 6 h section the fol'owmg: " but until the sale
of the stocK so subscribed by the Secretary shall
be made by him, the President shall appoint the
additional number of directors to which the said
stock would be entitled if held by individual di
recio-s
Mr C said this amendment was intended to
obviate the anomaly ot the Government holding a
majority of nearly two-thirds of the stock, while the
individual stockholders will have two-thirds of the
management.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said one of the strong-
est objections on the side of the opponents oí this
measure was, that it wa? a Government Bank; and.
now a proposition is made which will make it out
and out a Government Bank. If this addition-
al stock were intended to be permanently held, th«
amendment would not be so objectionable, but it
was directed to be sold as soon as the par value
could be obtained for it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said if the stock was to
be held temporarily, the amendment would adjust
itself to the contingency.
Mr. HUNTINGTON opposed the amendment
on the ground, that if it succeeded, it would not
effect the object of the mover.
Mr. WALKER was in favor of the amendment,
and if it was adopted, he would follow it by
another to change the mode of selecting the direc-
tors
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was negatived—ayes 17, noes 27, as fol-
lows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, King, L'nn, Mouton,
Nicholson, Pierce, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge
—27
Mr. WALKER then offered the following
amendment, to strike out the appointment of thr«e
directors by the Executive, and elect four by the
representatives ot the States and of the people, as
follows
"And during the next session of Congress four directore of
&aid Bank shall be elected as follows, name'y two shall be cho
sen by the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
Unii«d states said two directors to be chosen at the same bal
lot, but each membei being permitted to voto for one director
only, and the two persona having the highest number of votes,
shall be declait-d elected, and two directors shall be chosen, in
like mannei, by the Senate of the United States, said two di-
rectora to be chosen at the same ballot, but each Senator being
pern ltted to vote for one dtiectot only, and the two persons
having the highest number of vot*>s shall be declared ejected;
and m the same mnnner, on the first Monday of January of
every year thereafter during the existence of said corporation,
foui directors shall be elected m the like manner "
Mr W said he had voted for ihe increase of the
number of directors by the Government, as pro-
posed by the S nator from Alabama, [Mr. Cut,]
declaring at the time, that whether it failed or suc-
ceeded, he should vote to take the power of appoint-
ment from the Executive. This he now proposed;
and he would discuss the effect of this important
amendment in three points of view: First, as to
the number of directors to be appointed by the Gs-
vernment. The capital of the Bank was to be
thirty millions, of which the Government was to
take at least ten millions, and much more in a cer-
tain contingency; but fixing it at ten millions, the
Government was to furnish at least six millions
more to the Bank without mterssi, in the shape ot
public deposites. In the old Bank, the average,
we know, exceeded six millions, and will it not ex-
ceed it in this? Then the Government, as a part-
ner in this joint stock company, puts in at once ten
millions as a stockholder, and furnishes uninter-
ruptedly, during the whole period of the charter,
at least six millions beside', without interest. This
would make the amount furnished by the Govern-
ment to this Bank, in stack and deposites, sixteen
millions of dollars, and leave twenty millions to the
other stockholder* This was exactly the propor-
tion of tour to five, and as the charter would stand,
it his (Mr. Ws) amendment prevailed. Sir, it
ought to stand five for the Government and four
for the other stockholders, on great political
groHids, as also upon the mere principle of money.
Recollect, said Mr. W. the Government furnishes
to this Bank six millions at least, m deposites, with-
out interest, but instead of receiving all the profits
on this sum to the Government as stock, two-thirds
ot all the profits on this six millions n to be
paid to the individual stockholders; and when
to this we add the mighty privilege conceded
to these stockholders of having all their bank
notes alone receivable for all the public dues
for  twenty years for   a  totality   of at   leftist
