CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
BY BLAIÉ AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27th Cong.........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1841.
Volume 10"-No. IS.
Continued from No. 12.
of law; and so are the funds of the Um ed States,
umch ¡he Constitution says must be under the con-
trol of law. A Bank that refuses payment is not
wore likely to pay public than private claims If
you make } ourselves partners with such an institu-
tion, you must take the consequences fairly. The
■whole object of the amendment is to take the
affairs, and put them und< r the control of law
Why should they be left with those wno misma-
nage? When has any remedy against banks
proved effectual? There was no other way but to
wm J them up by a law they cannot evade. He
rtpe leí i' e u'ea mat ihe stockholder  would be m-
jjred, the/ would be injured more by letting the
directors who manage their tock go on. All the
sympathy is for banks and nockbolders, none for
tne poor and oppressed creditors.
The question being then taken on the adoption
of ti e a nendment, the vote stood as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
hou", Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Lms, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury, Wright and Young—22.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bavard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Huntington, Ker, Manguen, Merrick, Mil-
lar, M^rehead, Porler, Pienuss, Presión, Simmons,
Smith oi Indian?, Southard, Tallmadge, White
and Woodb^dge—25.
Mr. WRIGHT sa d as the amendment had fail-
ed, he wouta witLdiaw the second, deptn 'ent on it
,*he second amendment v as then w.tbdra m.
O i r otion to adjourn, some diisent appearing,
a count was made, and tnere appeared for the mo-
tion 21, agams it 20. So -hs Senate, at 3J o'clock,
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
TuESDAr, July 13, 1841.
Tae Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. WISSdssirsd to bemfoimed whether the reso-
lution presented by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [ivir. Ada"<isJ yesterday, in relation to ir.e
aoiounis of stocks, issued by the several States, &c.
bal been r^cen sd. He [Mr. W ] perceived it was
on the journal.
Tne SPEAKER said it had been received by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WISE ffoved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the W hole on the Uate of
the Union, on the naval bills.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped that th- House
would proceed with the usual morning business.
And the ques'ion being taken on the mouon of
M>. Wist, and vote stood, Ayes 60, noes not
coun'ed.
but it was evident that no quorum was pre-
sent
Mr. WISE said he would waive his motion for
the present.
Tne SPH4KER was proceeding to call the com-
rxn i ts ii taeir order tor reoor's
Mr. BRICrüS moved thi* the call be dispensed
with, in order to enable the gentleman from New
York lir [Mr Bovine] to pioeeed with h's, re-
raaiks or 'he McLeod case.
Which motion w^ referred.
Mi. MALLORY suggest-d that no busmen
could b' done in the absence oí a quorum.
Mr BÍDLACK said he des.red to present a pe-
tition.
Tao SPEAKER said it would not be in order to
do uo cicept by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. EIDLACK irquired when it would be m
Oidei
Tne SPEAKER said on Monday next.
Mi. BO ■VNfci then took ¡he floor.
Iwr. ADA'VIS addressed an inquiry to the Chair
in relation to the resolution oaered by him yester-
day.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON said that ifiheHons,e
not resume the consideration of the resolution in
re!at,on to the case of McLeod, he would claim
priority of a resolution heretofore offered by himself
in relation to removals from office, over the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWSON intimated that he had an impor-
tant amendment to offer to the resolution of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Cave Johnson ]
Tne House resumed the cons'deration of the
following resolution heietofore offered by Mr J.
G Floyd:
Resolved, Thit the Piesident of the Hinted Stttes be ic
quested to mfotm thi¡> House if not incompatible w th the pub
lie intetest whethei any ofiieer ot the aimy 01 the Attorney
Geneial of the Tji ltcd Sutes has, since the 4th March last been
directed to visit the State of New \oik foi any purpose con
nected with the imprisonment or trial of Alexander McLeod
and, if so, to communicate to this House copies of the lnstiuc
tions to, andrepoitof, such office], and whether by any Exe
ciitive measures or corresprndence the Butish Government
has been given to understand that Mr McLeod will be released
or surrendered
Mr BOWNE, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke the hour allotted by the rules of the Hou<se,
in answering his colleagues, [vlessrs. Hunt and
Linn,] who had preceded him in the debate on the
subject, and m stating the facts of the ca«e, and
arguing upon them. [We hope to be ab'e in a
fewda}sto publish Mr Bowne's spre<di atlerglh,
in the Appendix to the Congress oial G'obe ]
Mr. YOUNG of New York then obtained tbe
floor, and ia d thai he would eith*r proceed with
his letur-rks during the few minute  ot the room-
ing hour that yet reraainel, or he would waive his
right uriil 'o im rrow mom ng
Mr WI~E moved tnat the House i solve it-.elt
into Com'out ee oí the Whole on tbe state of the
Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD requested Mr. Wise to
v.ilhdraw that mot on, to e.iable the Hoa^e to take
up and act on the bill (heretofore reported fiom the
Committee of the Whole on theatate of the Union,
with certain amendments) making provision for
pauper lunatics in the District of Columbia
Mr. WISE said he would cheerfully waive his
moron for the purpose indicated, if there would be
no debate.
The Hoase then took up the bill making furlher
provision for maintenance of pauper lunatics in
the D^trict of Columbia, the qae-tion being on
concurring with th  Committee of the Whole on
the St'Je of the Union in their amendment--, and
orderma'the b 11 to a thud reading.
Mr UNDERWOOD moved the piev.ous ques-
tion
And theye wis a second.
Aid the mam question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendments made in Committee of the
Who'e were then concurred in—an I the bill was
ordered to a third re?di g at th's limj
And the bill hav,n« been read a third time, and
the question bem  on 'he final passage thereof—
Mr. EASTMAN asked ihe yeas rndnays ^hich
were ordered, and, being taken, were—jeas 114,
nays 45.
So the b 11 was passed.
The SPEAKER kid before the Hou=e a com-
munication from the Sectary of the Tiea*ury,
transmitting a communication fiom the Secre'ary
taty of War, in relation to the additional esti-
mates of appropnat.on.5 required by that Depart-
ment.
Mr FILLMORE «uppos.ng, he «ad, that tbe
commuwoct on related to the fortification b 1,
mo</ed it be referred to the Committee of
ihe Whole oj ¡he sta'e of the Un'on, and be
printed
Which motnn was agreed to
The SPEAKER a'so laid before ¡he Hou-e a
communiCHtio i for the urorraauon of 'he House,
in the form of a report fiom Mr. Hastier, on .he
subject of ihe standing Welti's and measuies.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the communi-
cation was laid oa the table and ordered to be
printed.
NAVY PENSIONS.
The House, oa motion of Mr. WISE, resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Wte of
the Union, (Mr. Adíms of Massachusetts, m the
chan,) and took up the following bill, which was
read:
A BILL to provide for the payment of Navy Pensiona
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa'
hies of the United States of America in Congress aaaem
bled That tne sum of one hundred and thirty nine thousand
six hundred and sixty six dolíais and six cents is hereby ap-
piopnitcd, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appioonated, for the payment of pensions and half
pay chargeable on th navy pension fund
Mr. WISE, in explanation of the grounds of the
bill, Rfer'ed to the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, and al.o to 'he report of the CommiMonerof
Pension^ He stated that tne public faith was pledged
under the Na y pension act of 1800 for ihe payment
of this money, but the Navy Pension Fund, as
every body knew, had besn exhausted, without just
blame, so far as he knew, to any body. Tne laws
in relation to this fund were numerous and in great
confusion; the entire system called for revision, and
it was the purpose of the Commissioner to go tho-
roughly into it and digest a general law in con-
formity to the true intent of the act of 1800- but
there was no time to do this now, if, indeed, it would
be strictly within the rule recently agieed upon in
rela'ion to the present ex'ra session to do so.
M> MiKAY considered this as propera timeas
an/ to amend taese laws The law of 1837, in an
e peml manner, ca led for immediate repeal; us
repeal had the Hcu e last =ecsion; the measure was
equa'ly propei now Mr McK wished to offerart
amendment, Dut would not press it unless clearly
witmn the rule He called the House to some of
the existing defects in that law. It gave pensions
to navy officers who were in the reception of full
pay A commodore would receive his four or five
thousand dollars a year, and at the same tune be
drawing a heavy pension from Government. This
was clearly wrong. He would not give the amend-
ment a retrospective character, but he would pre-
vent such a state of things for the future. The
pension, too, was reckoned back to the death or dis-
ability on account of whici it was grau'ed, so that
widows in sjme cas-s dre* t once anears of pen-
non mnmrg back for forty year.s. This held out
a great temptition to perjury. Mr K contended
taat the pens.on ought to run only from the date of
the compict'on ot the tes'imon* under which it was
c'aimed. A'id wore than all, the bill allowed a
pension to ¡he famibes of all who died in the ser-
vice, thoug.i not .n battle, nor irom wounds.
Mr McK oflVH an amenumen , limiting, to a
certain extoii, ihe operation of the pension law,
and providing for [tie rep a\ of the act of 1837 after
ihe fir<t day t Í T,ii uaiy i^ext
Mr. WISE s?id the committee were fully
aware of the delects ot fie existing laws, as their
report would show, but there was not time new to
gomio a revi-ion of them. Hs called for the read-
ing of ihe repon from the Naval Committee, ac-
compaísyng the bill.
Mr. C^VE JOHNSON supported the amend-
ment. Ha hoped it would not be deferred till ano-
ther sess'on The same argument for delay had
been urged the ¡a=t session, and he presumed would
m et them again, should the subject be postponed
to we regalar sess on He dwelt with warmth ou
the abuses «roíTiug out of the operation of the law
of 18.57, and ihe vast amount of money improper-
ly drawn from tne Treasury under its provisions,
anl uttenv contrary to the spirit End meaning of
the act of 1800, by which the navv pension fund
had been orgmally created. lis denied that the
faith of the Government, under that act, was
pledged for the payment c f the money now asked
for by the bill, it was pledged only to officers and
eimen wounded in the s.ivice, and not to the
wives or chil r^n of th"se wno had died of no
wound. Pie admitted ihdt ihe bill, however, ought
to pass, but he hoped the amendment would be
added.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said this was only a re-
