CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n$
Mr. McKAY thereupon consented to accept it
as a modification oí his amendment.
And the question now being on the amendment,
as modified—
Mr. MALLORY went into some further state-
ments as to the effects of the law of 1837. A
asan who had entered on board a man of war,
twenty years ago, and, served but one month, died
¡o-day, and his widow and children were instantly
enti'led to demand his pension for twenty years
back, and it could not be refused. Should a law
like this remain on the statute book?
The question being now put, the amendment was
agreed to: Ayes 70, noes not counted.
So the law of 1837 was repealed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON now offered an amend-
men, providing,  in   substance,   that   no   officer
should  receive,   including  his pension,   a  sum
to   exceed  ilia  full    pay  of his  grade   in   the
Navy-
Mr.   McKAY wished   to substitute an amend-
ment, declaring that.wnlle he received any pay from
Gkwsin'iiCi'l,  a man could draw no pension.
Mr. Wi3E remonstrated. Gentlemen had now
succeeded m repealing the law of 1837. MK W.
had no objection: so Be it: but now let them have
pati nee till the Naval Committee had time to ex-
amine the laws thoroughly, and digest a general
statute covering the whole subject. He reflected
with some severity on the pertinacity of gentlemen
who had scarcely read a law on the subject, in in-
sisting on perfecting the system by amendments
here.
Mr. C. JOHNSON replied with equal tartnes*,
and without pietending to know near as much as
Mr. W. insisted that he could put down English
words which should repeal a provision be wanted
to see done away with: there ws< no need of a
learned lawyer to tench him how to do that.
Mr. WISE rejoined and explained, (taking care
to place himself so that the Reporter had fo go
round to the other side of the House before be
could hear five words of what was said.) He could
not obtain the knowledge of laws by instinct, nor
had he an instinct which detected all the errors in
a statute without examination, whatever other gen-
tlemen might have. The gentleman had stated
some very evil consequences of the existing pension
¡a*"t: but Mr. W. had seen things much worse
Hi had once sst with the widow < f Com Henley
on one side of him, and the widow of the gallant
Lawronce on the other—ihe one entitled by law to
receive a pension of §1,100 a year, while the relict
of him whose dying words were now the proverb
of freemea—"don't give uji the sbi/'—íeceived
but §600. They were bc.h desirous ef an amend-
ment to the law, which shcu'd prevent such ine-
qualry. The question before ihe House had been,
v/h.-ther ¡he $600 willows should be raised to $1,100
or thj $ 1,100 widow  cut down lo $600; and in the
«art ¿i'and confuten of an adjournment of Con-
gress, both qaesnons ¡> d bees left unacted upon,
and ihe ¡nvj still stood as they had done; and he
saw -.he widow of Lawrence depart from the Hall
of the ilepresrmatives of this nation, for whom her
husband nad died, wringing her hands in anguish
and bathed in ¡ears.
Mr. W. had not at present, nor had Ihe Com-
missioner, nor had the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. JoitNsaisi] sufficient knowledge to rectify ihe
evils of the system. They should wade through
the whole, subject before next session, and then be
prepared 'o propose a seneral remedy.
Mr. AG.KOLD said he had been in the habit of
-voting iVr pensions always. He had the disposi-
tion io do so now, but he was groping in the dark.
He was afraid of d"ing injustice to widows and to
crp'riin-, and he therefore rhould be p]ad of a de-
lay of t'.vo or three days for inquiry. With that
view, he movíd ¡hat 'he commiitee rise.
?,!'. WííE opposed the motion, and said that,
although he professed a want of knowledge on the
getieial subjec', he was qui^e prepared to answer
any inquines touching this bill.
Mr. ARNOLD, after some conversation, agreed
to wave his motion.
Mr. BURNHOti further opposed the amend-
ment. It had been said thai gentlemen could not
«groe, bat he thought they were agreed as to pac-
ing this bill. Nobody denied that the faith of the
Government was pledged to pay these pensioners.
What need, then, to postpone for the sake of gain-
ing further information'? How was it to be done?
Was each gentleman to go home and read over all
the pension laws, and then come here and report
to one another ths results of their inquiries? He
presumed not. Yet, to come to any conclusion
worthy of that House, such an investigation must
be made. How could this be done now, and why
must it be done ai this session? The further gen-
tlemen went, the greater would they find their dif-
ficulties. He hoped the question would be taken
and ihe bill passed.
The que«tion being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to—yeas 64, noes 62.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Conneeticut moved to
amend the bill so as to require lhat the existing
pensions to widows and children of offlcersand sea-
men should he continued for five years, as though
the law of 1837 had not been repealed.
Mr. W. observed, in support ot the amendment,
that it was the same it substance which had
pa«ed the Senate in 1840, providing $60,000 for
f>e children, and $100,000 for the widows, annu-
ally. This would meet and relieve men a case as
that of Mrs. Lawrence, Mrs. Pf.rry, and others.
The naked repeal of the law would strip ihem all,
without any notice or oppouunity of preparation.
He trusted no gentleman would refuse such a pro-
vision as was proposed by the amendment.
Mr. McKAY said the effect of snch an amend-
ment would be to postpone the repeal of the law of
1837 for five years.
Mr. WILLIAMS said it would only have that
effect as lo those who now received pensions.
Mr. C. JOHNSON thought it would act very
unequally. The pensions of some were nearly.out,
those of ctberx had just commenc-d.
The question being put, the vote stood—yeas 40,
noes 56.    No quorum.
Mr. WILLIAMS withdrew the amendment.
And the bdl was then laid aside, to be reported
to the House.
On motion of Mr. WISE, the committee then
took up the following bill:
A BILL making an appropriation for the purchase of naval
ordnance and ordnance «lores, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of'Amtrieain Congress assembled, That
thesum ofsixhnndred thousand dollars be paid out of any mo-
neys m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for the pur-
pose of purchasing ordnance and ordnance score*, for the use of
the navv of the United Slate*.
Seo 2. And be it further enacted, That the fecretaryofthe
Navy is herehy au'honzed to apply a part of the sum herein
and hereby appropriated, not exceeding fifty thousand dollars,
to thospurpose of making experiments to test the value of im-
provements m oidnance. in the construction of steamers and
other vessels of wat, and iunihn- matters connected with the
naval service and (lie national defence; and also to the pnr
po=e of defraying any charges left unpaid, on account ofexpe-
nmems of the like character heretofore made by authoniy of
law.
Mr. WISE (as ihe authority under which this
bill was reported) referred to and lend a c nain
portion of the rr-port of the -Secretary of the Navy,
which invite,? the particular aUertioi. of Congress
to the consicieratf n of the subject; and, al«o, that
portion of the repoit of the Board of Navy Com-
mi sioners which treats on the sJime subject.
The Secretary of the Navy (Mr. W. was under-
stood to sjy) had recommended only one-thud of
the amount contemplated in the latter document.
Mr. W. wKhed to be permitted to s^y that one
reason why the navy ordnance was so deficient as
it heretofore had been, was, that the Board ot" Na-
vy Commissioners had ordered the casting of what
were termed mfdium guns, which had been found
totally inadequate to the rervke. He would not
go into a descriptionof there suns, but be was un-
derstood to say'.hat such was their construction
that lhey got hot so soon as so render our own
men afraid of the explosion of their own guns.
Independent of ihis mal-conc.>raction of the
guns, there was a nscessity for a very large appro-
priation ior ordnance. If we wer  to so to war,
our navy, small as it was, was wholly d-ücient in
prop?r armament. He hop?d thai so difficulty
would arise on this first section.
As to ¡he second section, there were so many
improvements daily making, so many experiments,
some of which had bsen made knovn to the Cota-
mittee on Naval Affairs—this section authorized
the application of a portion of the amount appro-
priated bv this bill, and which was not to exceed
fifty thousand dollars, to be left as a fund for mak-
ing experiments in relation to the construction of
vessels of war and ordnance. He hoped no ob-
jection would be made to the section.
Mr. McKAY asked the Clerk to read the role
suspending the action of all committees on all sub-
jects not embraced within the message of the Pfe-
sident.
Which was read.
Mr. WISE said that ths message of the Presi-
dent expressly called the attention -of Congress to>
the report of ihe Secretary of the Navy. Thai
report embraced three especial subjects: first, the
navy pension fund; secondly, a home squadron;
and thirdly, erdnance and ordnance stores.
Mr McKAY did not desire, he said, to raise
any captious objections on points of order. But
he thought it was important, inasmuch as this rule
was adopted with great caution, and as ihe action
of the committees had been suspended, except such
as were referred to in the Piesidenl's message, that
the proceedings of the House should exhibit some
conformity to the requisitions of that rule. He
would call attention to that part of ihe President's
message which spoke of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The rule, he repeated, sus-
pended all action except on subjecis embraced is
the President's message. It did not say on all sub-
jecis that were embraced in the message or in the
accompanying reports or documents from the Heads
of Departments. The language of the rule was
not at all as htoad as lhat. Its language was re-
stricted; it was restricted to a1! subjects except
those embraced in, the Presit'ent's message. Now,
how far «as the ¡eport of thi Secretary of the
Navy referred to? It was, to be sure, referred to
specifically, but how far?
' The CHAIRMAN here interposed, and asked
Mr. McTOy if he made a point of order?
Mr. McKAY said, not exactly.
Mr. WISE. Is it not a fact that the report of
ihe Secretary of (he Navy is as much a part of the
message of the President as any paragraph undsr
his own signature?
The CHAIRMAN said the motion made by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] was
no' morder.
Mr. McKAY said he had made no raolion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON denrrd lo ask ¡he
chairman of the Co'n'M tte on Ntval Affairs
[Vlr. Wuk] what amount of money was appro-
priated at the last s-ssion of Congress to these ob-
jects-?
~ Mr. WISE said not a dollar. Not a dollar had
been appropriated to ihese purposes since he had
been in Congress. So neglected had the Navy
been, that appropriations for its increase and im-
provsroer.t had not been treated like recommen-
dation-! of ri similar character from the War De-
pantnen!. Tney hadnevereven been includedin the
es'imaie?, and were not now—all-important and
vital as they weie, and as the Secretary of the Na-
vy admits them ¡o be, for the actual aad immedi-
ate supply of the ships of war with guns; and, as
th? old sailor said, a ship of war without guns was
no force.
He hoped that, as no amendment was offered,
the bill would laid asi le. No party, he hoped,was
opposed to a proper increase of ihe navy.
Attd ¡he bill being about to be laid aside, in or-
der to be reported to ihe House—
Mr. McKAY moved to reduce the appropria-
tions to three hundred thousand dollars; and then
hi read frjm the report of the Board of ííavy Com-
missioers to ih  Seeretaiy of tar.- Navy, to show
wl-r- 'hey r. commended to be done; and then he
add.ii that it would be perceived lhat this bill went
upoa the gionnd of asking an appropriation, not
cñlv for procuring materials for those ve>fcls alrea-
dy bailt, but for those which were yet to be built.
Now h~ would a>k gentlemen to consider the pre-
sent condition of ihe Treasury, before they sanc-
tioned au appropriation for materials not wanted at
'he orescM 'W.e,m addition to what might be deem-
ed necessary now. Let :<ei>tlemc-n recollect that they
Lf.d jast   asked  authority to borrow the sum  of
