CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
203
Al-o, from a number o citizens of Richland, Os
wego county, New Yorll, ior the enactment of a
bankrupt bill.
Tne Senate th°n p oceeded to (aire up t^e !<";elu-
tion submitted by Mr Buchanan, callirg for the
name' of all persons removed from office '■mcs the
4tti 6f March, 1841; the amendment of Mr Man-
gom pending, calling for the names of ail persons
removed since the 4.h of March, 1829, to the 4th
of March  1841
Mr BENTON said he had some remarks to
make on he subject before the question was taken
If agreeable to the Senate, he would rather it
would he m the task, or be passed over infor-
mally.
Tne resolution was lard over by general consent
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said he v ould be glad
if the Senate would consent to take up the loan
bill, reported from the o'her Hou e The pressing
necessity of the Treasury rrqu r d prompt and
speedy ae'ion on it—there was no lime lo be lo-t
He presumed it would not occupy much time, the
necessity ot the measure would be so obviou .
¡Mr. CALHOUN urged the pioonety of giv.ng
precedence 'o the busine s already before the Senate
as a special order. It was better to proceed in ac
co'd nee with the good old rale, to finish one th ig
bs'ore anotrici was taken up.                 *
Mi. CLAY said he bad as much reluctance as
any Senator on the o her s de to impede the pro-
gress of the Bank bil1, he wa« quite as much disposed
to fi'iish that bill before anv other measure was taken
pp as the Senator front S u h Cam ma could be
fne Seizor from South Carina would 'ee, if he
candidly looked into the matter, that lh"re wa-> an
wgent necessity for ta<mg up the loan bill, with a
viow of providiaa; for tne ex gencies of the Trea-
sury. He (Mr. Clay) would state the cond uon
of the Treasury, and then tt>e Senator voalJ «ee a
necessity, an impenous n cessitj for  <• m™ ,ni h-
out delav. Th  e would be exoended d "-¡us, the
presert jear sornevvrercabou twent)-ro <r mil ors
ot dollar<, thus requiring at th" rile if two tril-
lions per momh He had )c >terday learned from
the Treasury Department that there was but nine
hundred thousand dollars on hand—not more than
enough to cover the expenditures of a toamght
He would put it to lheSena'or—he would pu' i* to
the Senile—ought there to be any de'a — ught
not lime to be given, after the passage of th' loan
bdl, for sel'ing sutheient of the s'tck to keep'he
Treasury in tund ? He 'herefore hoped gen le-
mán wouH permit the loan bill to be taken up this
morning—h  could not antieipate any serious ob-
ject r>n—but ii tVra was, he shoul4, of course,
submit, and follow the usual mode of giving ro-
iic*, and bin? a time for taking it up.
Mr, CALHOUN, (n rep'y, was very indis'mct'y
neard, but was understood to say, that he thought
the Senator's precipitation of his measures was a
very ex'raordmaiy mode of proceeding. At a mo-
ment's warning of an exigency, the Senate was
called upon to pass, wilh haste, a measure of more
importance, and of more serious consequences,
not only to the country, as a forced measure of an
etct'a se^s on, bat to our successors, pe^ps, for
generations, than ary that had evei yet been at-
ieiTipted at one s"ssion smee the foundation of the
Gh>vernm"-t If the necessity was <-o urgent, wny
nad not the Loan Bill been pressed earlrr on th°
attention ot Corgis?
It is one more of those f reat and danePK us n-
novan'ns which call f r ihe utmost caution ?nd
deliberation, >er, before ire rn asuie in bail's
half tprough its discuss on, th s loii" bi'l is atu. not
v,1 to be pTcioitated, and, je brps, „amed, w h
oil time iur reflec ion or deba'e If tne Seii'or
iiom K ntucky re,>!l> f It 'isporcd to act up to
his own u grnt suggestion-, put forward a d?j or
tw sm-e, f ¡>tt through hi" Bank bill wi boat
- as'e of i<«e, he [ VI' Calholn] vou'd aiabe 1 tm
a piopo itw to vh ch he could notiifatrrt"" or
vi h cn-isiencv, obj ct It would obviate the
ncee o   cf mter'tipung the progress ot the Bank
b 'I, ard, v nou* forcing a di cession o! mdifin te
length on the loan bill, obtruded out of tim*- and
place afford relief to th? Tiea«nry in the simp est
end mo«t expeditious way practicable, under the
circumstances of the case.
The Senator says there i" a gr at deficit in the
Troamry, and in 1 the Bank bill, the Land bi'l,
and every oih*r measure,had been pressed on iheir
consideration in advei ce ot it. Let t ie mat er lie
over utml ihe bus ne s b Oie then was finished,
or, if ib  great i)c«.es& ty wWli ib  S*na or from
Kentucky bdd spoken of really exisfd, he [Mr.
C ] would bring forward a proposition for a tem-
porary l-su  of Treasury notes, which wou'd re-
lieve the Treasury at one, and he thought it infi-
nitely bet'er to report to this expedient
Mr. CLAY had one w-rd to say on the subject
of time. When at ihe early part of the serien he
had urged upon the Senate the recessity of a< tion,
and the examp'e this grave body cght to show of
despaich in the pub i" bu irc^s, he was met by the
Opposition sub. the cry of \ h ' is the use cf such
hunj, the other branch of Cinaras would be so
far behind tr-at it never could ea ch up Ihe cry
wav, "Why precipitate business tnere is plenly
of time for d.scussion—go on as we may, we shall
be in advance of the House ' Now what wis the
fact? Tbey were absniu'ely behind the House, ihe
land bill, this b'l!, and others, had been passed by
that body; and with all those important measures
beiore them, taking up their lime, if was asked
why ihey hal not brought it up earlier. The
House had been tread n  oo the heels of the Se-
na'c, ind at 'a t got ti>e si ¡n of it a long way in
advance of tue business of iho spssj n? The reason
was i bvious Tiie irajonty there is for ae'ion, and
has secured it Bom= change wasca led for in tms
chamber The truth ¡s, that ih° minority here con-
trol tne acuon of the feena'e, and cause a 1 the de
lay of ihe publ c bu-mess Tn<v obnn)c' th" ma-
jority in the despartí of all harness of impor anee
to the country, and par icularly most? measures
wl'ica the mr-jemy is bound to gi/e to the country
w thout fnnler delay Did ro this r-diice (be
majOiuy 11 ihe n  e s tf o' adop'ina >c - me ■-
sure Vihc1' voull p'are the con'rcl o<" tre -rnm s
of i!-e e 2ion in iti ir im I ? L w?s ir,pos^iblc to
Jo wilboi t i', i mu t Le r -or'td to
No v, as to the propo, tionof the Senator from
South Carolina—could h-re-ily be serious'? could
he imagine for a moment, that after all that had
passed about theTre.i"ury note scheme, the present
Administration could entertain such s> proposition?
Mr CALHOUN, from hit rfat,sid m reply,
that he sincereiy <snd c?nd diy believed that t vas
infinitely better than any plan of Ibe Admm stra-
tion paity.
Mr CLAY sa'd th  Renal >r might asvie'l psk
him to go for a Sub-Trcasu-y, and forego the
Bank. No, no, te p ent for the leal old lashione!
way of borrowing <i>rns^ by a regular lo^n b 11,
and not for shifting exrej cots
Mr. CALHOUN asked why !-ad not the loan
bill bren taken up m the eth r Hon e berore the
land bill? If the ex'gencies tf the Treasury de-
pended forrehef on the loan bil', why was it kept
ii the background till the fate of the land bill was
known? As to the sneers at ihe Trtasury rote
scheme, th y were no proof that it was n"t ínfic My
better, and i imm cU?te relict vere 'be only coisi-
deration, iifimey morete hou> prl aviiia-
UJ ih«n the loan bih Beccn'd a si<« t! e S'
n-uor he was n i laken if he cilclaed^n ' eing
able to obtam timnediite rel ef 'or ibe T.ea-
sury from the ban b'il Ire Sene ctuld
nn be made to pass it in a dav, <ii ihe «ord
of command Thf Sena or fr m K>nt ckv tells
ibe Senate tne other Hen e has g t before
it How h¿a the otber Ho ise got beiore he
Sera e? Bv i de*poliC "x°ic se rf ihe porcr tf a
majority By destroyin™ the hbert e= of th" prorle
m g<-gsmg tneir R"pre--entatives E/ pi"ven ng
lh> romTiiy from the f e-> cxerci e of i's ri"ht of
remonstraree T.i s is the wav ihe House hasr; t
be ore ttie Seua'e Aid now theie 'as too
much evideoee to dfub t a' h  f-r-ot" wi- o
be made to keep np tit1  '■ House b- the sine
means
IVr CLAY said tHe Senator wanM to I-ow
why th>= House ha I net ta^en up 'hs lea b 11 b !o"e
ihe 1 md bil1 He really coul 1 not 'c'l him whi, he
mu^t reler h m to the H use it-elf for an ansser
With regaid lo the Senators allusions to the con
trol of the business in another branch of Congress
by the majority, he (Mr Clay) was expecting ere-
ry moment that the President of the Señale would
call him to order, for it surely was not competent
io this bods ti animadvert on the action of the
othci But as he bad indulged in anticipation, to
put the mat'er beyond doubt, he (\3r Clay) would
have the Senat< i to know ihat he would resert to
the Constitution and act on the rights insured m it
to the majouty, by passing a measure that would
insure the control of the business of the Senate to
the majority. If he did not adopt the same means
which had proved so beneficial in the other House,
he would have something equally efficient to offer.
He had no doubt of the cheerful ?doption of such
a measure when it should come before the Senate.
So <ar from the rule being condemnrd, he wonld
venture to say that it would be generally approved.
It was ihe means of con rclltrg the business,
abridging Jong and unnecessary speeches, and
would eveiy where be hailed a'cneefthe gieatest
improvement of the age. He thought it w ould be
necessary lo resort to similar means or some other,
lo give ihe majority a control < f the businessm ihe
Senate. Look at the facts in this ca=e Here
already three weeks and a haif had been spent
in amendment after amendment lo this bill,
being discussed and deba ed at as full length
as if the whole bill was on its final pas-
sage. Yet if a proportion is urged to confine
debate te the merits or dements of each
amendment, there is an outcry made about abridg-
ing the liberty of speech. Was such a course as
that adopted on the other s de propel? Was it
such as woeildbe toleiated by the American peo-
pi ? Did Sena'ors on the other side think that the peo-
ple would compiam that speeches were cut offwhich
would prevent the public busn ess from bring ear-
ned on1 No such thing, but they think tbey know
the people. Now, he knew the peop e too, and he
knew they wire not go ng lo comp'am about the
abridgment of long speeches m Consre-s They
want iheir bjsn e^s to be done—they want action,
and not so much talk abou' it Tne people will
b  very glad to find they can ¿et ihe measures they
are so impatient for, carried through without the
useless delay of waiting for long speeches to be
delivered. He recollected once meeting with one
of the most intelligent and truly sensible men ¡t had
ever been his good fortune 'o be acquainted with,
and he was struck with a remaikab'e saying of his;
it was that he cons.dered it utterly impossible for
any man, he did not ere what his genius was, to
speak sens bly or usef jlly on any ton c for more
th n a quarter of an h ur What, then, he (Mr.
Clay) woull say, \ as ihe u*e ct such speeches as
are here r ade? There were tao hundred and for-
ty rnembtr  in the oth^r House, if each was to
consume an hour, when would a session terminatet
aid yet the restriction would be complained of.
The greatest grievance coisipUined (f by the peo-
ple wnh regard to Congres , is the delay of public
business by long speeches.
Mr.   KING sad  the Sena'or cerrp'amed of
three v ceks and a halt hav rg been lost in amend-
ing h s bill     WtS not the Senator  "ware   that it
was h rrtoelf and h s fr ends hid c nHin.ed most of
that time?    But new ivit th° r inn U bad lo take
i up, the ^iiute is told t>eie must be a gag law.
Did he undeisund that it was the m'tntxon of the
Senator to iptredoce that measure
Mr CLAY    I will, sir, I will
Mr KING    I tell tie Senator, then, that he
may moke his arrargemen s at h s ooarding house
for ihe win er
Mr CLAY Very ftell.'ir
Mi KING. D d not the Seo;"tor, in the begin-
nmg of ibe session, pre^s forward his fs von to mea-
su'e.ihe Bank b,U, by "removing the rubbish," as
he cal'ed i! e Sub-Treasury, declaring that it could
not be de'fjed a momen', in oid< r to give to the
people 'his Bank bil ? The Sob-Tieasury was re-
pea'ed to make room for tai, splendid Bark, and
n w tl> tjwas to be set as.de, ad at rnee, to make
roorr for someihing else, \. hile the delay v ,ís to be
chaiged upon ibem The loan bill wis now to be
forced. It was the Bank bid at the beginning of
the session. Jf 'here wa. any real necessity for it
then, it existed still He (Mr King) to test that
point, was ready, and he would undertake to mak§
