£04 ___________________
'i y                       '  '       *   .....      "    V ' ■'>  '    ..... ■   ,.
the proposi'ion for his friends, to get through vnvh
their amendments to day and to mo-row, and let
the bill go to the vote on Sa'urday, or Monday at
farthest. No, no- that wo ild not do The Sena-
for did not i qw want to n k that. Some of his
friends were absent, they most be wai ed for
With whom, then, was the delai? The S nator
from Kentucky bad forgotten his own couise and
that of his friends when they were in the minority
Look at the panic session. Did they not cinsume
sir months in debating every measure, however
trifling in itself, for political eifecf2 And were he
and his fr ends to be res ncted from presenting
their views on measures so mome/i foa •
He (Mr King) wa« tiuly so>ry to see the hono-
rable ¡senator to far forgetting what is due m the
Senai  as to iaik of co-rcmg it by any possib'e
abridgement o  i & liee action Tae freedom of
debate bad never jet been abridged in that body
since the foundation of this Goverrmert W?s
it fit or becoming, after fifiy years of unrestrained
liberty, to threaten >t w>tj a gag las' He could
tell the Senator that, peaceable a man as he (Mr
King) was, whenever ¡t wis attempted to vioIVe
that sanctuary, he, tor one, would resist that at
tempt even unto the dt&th. Peihaps a'l this w s
uncalled for, bui the occasion would be s~meex-
cuse He was 1 oi test'-g th  ques >on of the
Senator's p^wer to cairy hi-, Bmk bill Let it te
called up non, an! let ihe country judge cttwecn
the Senaior ard the Opp isition, «h-1 e was ihe
faalt of delay HA (Wi Kino) would undertake
to say that there should be no de'ay on ihe part of
his friends L t this Bank bill he deposed of at
once, and then ihe Sena or can tile up his ether
measures in their due order Much is he detes. ed
a National Bank, re woull not creite d lay by
taking captious excep ions, bathe and his'tun Is
ought to deliberate fi st, and ,ct afterwarls
Mr. B&NTON would tale this opno (unity to
say a word on this men ice, "i o le-n hiowii out, 11
a design to stifl) tie1 ate, a d ip , mem'ments to
bills in this chamber lie *> 'Heoni'tr ¡ich <in
attempt as mu* h a it ,toi ol tK C u'liti ti„i,
and of ihe privileges of the chamber, as it wou d
be for a military usurper to enter upon us, at th 
head of his -oldiery, and expel us fioin our
seats.
It is not in order, com nutd Mr. B —it is not 11
order, and would be -a bleach of the privilege ot
the House of Rep.e^en au.es, to rcf r to „ny thin 
Wuth may have taken place in Ihat Hou e My
business is wit i our own chamber, and «i h the
threatwhich ha."o oi'en txci wred on Ji s fl u,
during this vxira se ion, o( stilly d bile, and
Cutting if amei dment , ly tr  iMrodi ct n o
the piev cu   que uon
W ith reí pectio deba e,  S re ois h veaeciisii
tut.oialigi! t)    peak, ml   will" Ik y  *pi ak to
to tnesubj ct  before ¡he 11 u„c, then is no rowi
any whe o  to stop   il.tm    It   is  a on ntutirnal
right     Whena n-in er depirtsf'om the qu   lion,
he is  to be popped   it is ihe duty of   tne  Chair—
your duty, Mr. Presidenr, to stco him—ard it  i>
the duti of die Seiate to sus   m yoj  in the di
charge oi this duly     Wt hare rales ft r conduct
ing  the débiles, and t'ese  rules onl>   r j   r    to
be   enfo ced   in   order    o   maife   t'ooaie    tie
cent    < nd   instinctive    in   their   in,port,   and
brief   and   rea onal-'e   in   then   dantim     Tne
Government has itcj 11 oper  in   ¡  b ve fit y
years, ai d the ires djin o'  defca e ha-> been torn
times atu ed, especially dung  the last iseive
,years,  when  ih > e out of power maae the two
houses of Congress the preña of p iiitical and elec
tiontenng cirrbat ag"unst ihe D m oca he Admi
nistratio i in pj.cr    Tne lib rty of debate wa
abused during this time, bnt ihe D^imrat. majo-
rity would not nnpo e gag  and mc,7z'es  on  th
months of the t it j r tj ,      j vruid not s'cp their
speeches, tonsidfrins, aid j is iy cei l'et ng, th^t
the privilege of speech wa> .a    imabl   a. d i-at-
tackable—lhat    cme ahtis'of   t  jj in«cp<rao f
from its enj yme t—an 1 t¡atu mi bettirto en-
dure fa temporary pbuse than to incur a  total ex    '
t notion of this great p>-iv l°g<=.
But, sir, debate is one thing, and amendments
another. A long speech, waodenrg off from the
bill, is a very different thing from a short amend
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment, directed lo the texture of ihe bill itself, and
intended to increase i s beneficial, or to dimmish
its prejudicial, action Thesj amendments a'e
the pomt to which I now sf e?v a«d to the nature
of winch I [articular y mv k use at en ion of die
Sena e.
By the Constitution of the United States, each
biltis to receive three rcadinjs, ard each reading
represents a different stage of proceeding, and a
different mode of action under it. The first lead-
ing is for mforrr a ion only, it is> to let th-e Hou e
know what the bill is for, what its contents are,
and then neither d bate noi amendment is empec-
ed, and never occur*, except in extraordinary eses
The 'econd reading is for am ndirents and deba'e,
5>nd this reading is usually ake^ place Commit-
tee of the Whole in the House of Pepresentatives,
and in quasi committee in t^e Senate The third
reading, afiei die bdl is engrossp.l, is "or passage,
ard ihen it cannot be amended, and is usual'y
vo'ed tiron vnih little or no de1 ate Kow,
it is apparent that ine «■ecui' icadirj; of the
bill is the l-npoitant one—"at it is lie kgi^Iati/e
—ihe law nnktng'—reí lit s, t ¡e one at which the
coi'pc ivc wi dora ot (t-e Hous  is concentrated
upon it, to free it from defects, and to improve it
to the utmost—lo illustrate its nlnre, at d irace its
consequence". The bill is drawn up in a comm t-
tec, oriti recuved from adepartmtrt m t'e form
o m picjet de lui and reported by a commute?, or
it is it e work of a single memcc, ami introduced
on leave Tne bill, before pirftc ed by amend
ments, is the work <. f a committee, or of a hf?d t. f
a dtpprttneat, or of a s,¡igle me btr, and if
amendments are preven ed, then ihe legislative
powrof ti p House is anni dated, the edict cf a
fe eretary, of a co-nmiitce, or of a m-mbcr, be-
cou"s in^ lui, and the coliecied and coiicen'-atrd
wi dom and experience of t1 e Hou e has ii" er
bren bioight to be r upm it The p ivi us que*
ti n cols off amendmi nt , an', Iher foie neilh"r
in England nor m the Unitfd Sta'e , up il n •>, in
t^e House of Representitivc1', hi I j qi Mi n
r-f r bf n aip'iid to bis m C >nn < ec oi the
Whole on lh<> second reading This question an-
nihilates legislition, sets at nought the wisdom of
thp Hou e, ard expunges ihe m nonty It is al-
ways an invidious question, but seldom enforced
in England, and bin little u=ed m ihe e?rher p<-
riods ot our own Government ft has n v< r leen
u ed ,n the Sti ate at all, never at my «tig" of ll e
bill, in the Hou e of Representative it hai, never
bpen US' d on the seeond refdm^ o' a b 1, in Com-
n t'tce of ihe Whole, uhlil ihe pre ent se s on—
tins is jit, s i ornincjs in its cal and o iTmenee-
me t a id «hrli gives dai y pnof ot its al mi ,<•
tend i c) s, and of if m torstiiutit nal, da> «in us,
.•iii coirupting measures Thepciou question
h s nevpr jet bpe i applied m this chimber, aid to
appl it now, at ihis ominrvis session, wbx i ^11 the
old Ftde '1 measutes ot fifty jears aro ate lobe
cr nglom-ritPtl into one h ¿r en\ frg'tlu mass,
an1 rus'i d t<~toi i Si by on* coivmsive effort, to
app'y it no , "ii ¡ei uct circum lances, is to
muzzle ihe mouthi, i> gig ih javs, and tie up ¡he
torgucs of those whos ¡ fchei would expose
eno raí i ? vvu ch canni t enf' >re the 1 ght, and pre-
sent o'he people these ruinous tncs fs mill"
colors m  whc*iihey ought to be seen
The epinicn of the pecp'e is invoked—d.ey are
sa d 'o be opposed to long so eche1, and in favor
o' aetion Bit, do the/ \ tni act on wi hout df-
liberation, wi houtcon iderat on, wih-mt knowing
what ve arp doint,'    Do  they want bills w th > t
nmendmen l—v ílnout   examin- i n of   defi's__
wi bout i kno A dgp of their erf ct and op ratioii
when they aie pas ed Cert inly the peop'e
wi h no sn h th if They «sit i orbiocr which will
net bp?r di en son Th- peop c are in fiv r
ofdi ess-ion, a dncvi read cur debate  witnmore
a\idi y than at this ominous and c mod extraordi
narj sr-cso^. Bif 1 can vellcmceiv rf thos« who
're against tho^ deoates, an-J want them stifled
Old s duion law Federalism is agimsi t ier" t^e
cornorpnts "ho are vhe ini their oills for ihe
P'ey which 'he ac s of th<< sess on aie lo g ve them,
are aganst them and th^- aj ocotes of th ^e ac s
who cannot answer thcce prguments, and who
shelter weakness under dignified silence, tVy are
all weary, sick and tired of a contest which rages
oaoneside only, and which exposes at once the
bidness of heir cause and  he defeat of its de-
fenders S r, this call for action ' a' tío i' action '
(as it was well said yesterda)) corees frt ra those
who^e cry is, plunder' plune'er' plunder'
The previous question, and the old sedition law,
are mepsures of the same character, and chi'dreu
of ihe 'ame parents, and intended for the same
purposes They are to hide light—to enable those
in power to wirk m darkness—to enable them to
proceed unmol^sted—and to permit them to es a-
blish ruiiious. measures without sbn , and without
('election. The introduction of this previous ques-
tion m'o this bedv, I shall resist as I would res st
i s conver ion m'o a Bi 1 of Justice—Lit de Justice
—flf the ol I P ench n r larchy, for the registration
of royal edicts In these Beds of Justine—the
Par iam«nt fonred into a Bed of Justice—the
Kings before the Revolution caused their edic'o to
be registered wiih ut deba'e, and without amend-
m nt Th" King ordeicd it, sud it was done—his
word became law. Oi one occasion, when the
Pirliam<nt was refractory, Louis XIV en'ered the
ciamber, booted -<nd spurred—a whip in his hand
—a horsewhip in his hand—and stood on his fe t
until the ed ct was registered. This is what
has been «done in ihe way of piss ng bills
without deba e oi amendment, in Fiance. But,
in ex enua'ton of this conduct of Louis the
14 h, if must be rememoercd lhat he was a very
vi ung man wh-n he committed this indiscieiion,
moredeiogatory to himself th^n to the Parlnment
which was the subject of the indignity He never
re¡iea ed ii 1 is riper age, for he was a gent eman,
as well ^s a king, and in a fifty ypars'reign never re-
peated 'hat irdi*creii m of fa. s jouih True, no
whips may Le thought into oar ¡egsUive hal's.
to er oree iht gig an 1 the muzzle, but I go agtmst
the things thems°|t:es—sgamst the infringement of
the right of speech—ind against the annihilation
0     (ai legislative faculties by annihilating ihe
right ot raaiiip; witndm nu I go against these,
a i J ay that «e snail be nothing bat a bed ot ju -
tice for ihe registral on of Piesidentia!, or partisan,
or civil chief am edicts, when deba'es and amend-
ments are suppressed in this body.
Sir, when ihe p-evious quest on rhall be brought
m'o this chamber—when it shall be applied to our
bills m our guess comain'ee—I am ready to see
my legisla'ive life terminated. I want no seat
here when that shall be the case As the Rom iris
hsll the>r natural live , so Jo I hold my poll ical
existence T03 i'oman car'i  1 hs 1 fe rn ihe
po nt of his «word; a d \ hf-n i' at life ceased t > te
linorabie to hiip elf, t us ¡ul ro his c Piry, he
fell uoonh.ssvvord,and ie'. Th s made of that pee-
ped  lai't wail ke an 1 heroic nidon of the eai h.
What they  did with ihpir natu'-at  lives, I am vv, -
1  ti" t > dj wi h my legislative and politicil exist-
ence 1 nm Will ng to terminate it, cilhei when it
shall eea°e to be honorahl" lo my-^lf, or u-^u.1 to
my coun ry, and that I fed weull be the case
when th s chamber, stripped of its constitu'ttna!
fret dom, shall receive the gi;ani muzz e of the
previous ques ua
Mr CLAY su1 35 to t'.e proPo, tion of the Se-
nate from \lai--ama to te t 'h^ q'tesiion on the
B ink nil), now or in a day or two, did he cot per-
eciste that n Ifap v ry remarks h  had made him-
s if, ha i,nd given a viry cood reason why a a ••
teat could net be taken; that wis, ihe absence of
some Senate r^
Mr KING '■a a he believe! iheie v as no one
absent bu' the fena'or trjm Vugisia, [Mi
Rivts, ]
M' CLAY sad tha'Senator kn-w tiat one
friend had been called away by ¡heiad pos' un of
his fi- Iy, and ii e Senator '-oil Virgmii, too,
was ab ent, 'hough hj did not know, as far as that
bul wa. concerned, whethei it woa d be con'idered
a cause d giea' lamen ation He (Vlr Clav)
wot Id, however, sav that afier a 1, he thought the
gemleman tn i c oth r sn'e would find it Was bet-
ter to go oi with tn.  pt.bl c bus ne>s harm n ousiy
a^d gioj hum redlv to e h r, anl al would ge'
along better He would rem nd ih> gentiemc. of
their own course when ¡a power, and the fleque i 
occasions on which the mmorit> then acted with
