fio
Mr. WRIGHT would cheerfully vote so much
supplies as were necessary for the prompt and effi-
cient discharge of the operations of the Treasury
Department, but he was not convinced by the ar-
guments of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that the sum proposed by him was nece >ary.
Mr. CLAY said he ought to have supplied the
Senate with a piece of information, and that was,
that the receipts from customs, durmg the first
half year ending on the 1st of July, w„s less than
the lowest estimate, being §5,703,000
Mr. WRIGHT continued In ihe co use of the
preliminary debate, it uas obvious that .-> wide dif-
ference exited between the Senator from Ken-
tucky and himself as to the liabilities and resources
of the Treasury; but without going into that
matter now, he would say that he would be much
relieved if convinced that the passage of this bill
would not facilitate proceedings in carrying out the
provisions of the bill to distribute revenue derived
from the sales of the public lands. If on the face of this
act of legislation, he could see the distinct and clear
declaration that the bill was not intended to bor-
row money to supply a deficitncy proposed to be
created by the distribution of the land sales, the
bill would be divested of one of its most serious
objections. Without expressing his opinion as to
the wants of the year, he felt bound to supply them,
and for the year only, leaving the future wants of
the Government as a subject for consideration,
when tho rearrangement of our system of duties, was
tasen up by Congress He had prepared an amend-
ment, which he.was unable to see would be objec-
tionable to the friends of the bill. He desired to
render it certain, that they should not borrow any
money to supply any distribution from the Trea
sury He moved the following amendment, to be
added to the 1st section of the bil •
"Provided, liowewi, That nothing m this art contained,
shall be eonatiued to authorize any fmtlier or «ieuu amount
of loans, than shall appe u to the Piesultnt of the United *Hltes
to be nect ssary, to defny the current exj enses of ihe Govern
ment, and to redeem, as they shall Income redeemable, the
Treasury notes winch have been issued, ant aie to be issued
under the authonty ot t \istn ££ laW3, aftu the application of
tile money m (he Tieasmy, and ill the accruing icvenue fiom
customs, lands, and aüothi i hornets, to thisobjtct
[ 'Noi sh ill any portion of such money 01 ie\ tuie, 01 the
the aviita of any loin to he made under the audi ntygianted
in this ict, be applied to the ridimption of Trt asury notes
outstanding and not due, and payable, according to the ttrmsof
biichnotos,) noi my poition of aouuing icvenm from what
ever source derived, be applied to any other pm pose than the
paymentof thecunent expenses of Government, md the pay
ment of the outstanding Tieasmy notes dm and payable, when
Lhe eoiiseqiii nte ofothi r appu puanons nnpht be an incitase of
public debt to be coniiacted under this act '
The design of ihe amendment was that the mo-
ney should not be borrowed, except to supply a
deficiency which might exist in the Treasury after
the application of the now accruing revenue, ?nd
that the loan shall not be made under ihis bill to
take up, m advance, the outstanding Treasury
notes. He considered it would be a bad operation
financially, to redeem these notes now in a stock,
which bad three years to run.
If the customs was increased as the Secretary of
the Treasury had recommended, those notes could
be redeemed by the accruing revenue And the
object of the amendment was also to make the bill
what the honorable Senator from Kontu ky said it
was designed to be—an authority to supply the
wants ef the Tieasury, and not by any means to
facilitate ttip operations of the distribution act
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from New York
had said that it was not incumbent on C ngrpss to
provide the means of Government beyond the pre
sent year They could not apportion the exact
amount of Treasury notes, between the latter part
of this and the flm of next year Trie Senator
from New York knew that under t! e Go npromise
Act, on the 31st of December next, t ne i oiety of
live million dollars went off from duties, and the
other on the last of June of next year and if no
provisions were made against the defici ncy from
this cause, he had no doubt but the twel e millions
loan would be far short If he umu i stood the
«mount of the amendment, h" had no < jection to
it, except that clause forbidding the collection ol
any loan to take up Treasury notes aefore the
time th y were made payable. Iucps s where a
loan could be contracted ata less rate if interest
than the note paid, it was right that ihe Secretary
have tne power to a make loan, and absorb the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury notes     He proposed  to the Senator to
withdraw that clause.
Mr. WRIGHT expressed his willmsness to mo-
dify it in the manner desired by the Senator, but
he repeated his opinion that it would not be an
economical administration for the Government,
with the prospect of redeeming these notes from
the accruing revenue, to put them out of its power
for three years for the purpose of saving one per
cent.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the Senator from New
York would not modify the amendment as pro-
posed It would still leave ihe Secret-try at liberty
to exchange stock not redeemable for three years
for Treasury notes, which will be redeemable at
the expiration of the year after their issue To
understand the force of the objection to this ex-
change, we must cast our ejes to the other wing of
the Capitol, and witness what's going on there A
bill has been reported in that House to raise the
duties on imports to twenty per cent, on all articles
new duty free, or which are subject to a duty less
than twenty per cent. Tiis would raise the reve-
nue from that source alone to twenty-five millions
of dollars, which, with that from the public lands,
if the Distribution bill should be defeated, would
make the annual income of the Government at
least twenty-eight millions of dollars. This vast
increase of income is proposed at the moment
when the expenditures of the Government ought te
be reduced at least four or five millions ot dol-
lars, in consequence of the near approach to thp
termination oí the Flor.da war, the completion of
public buildings, ihe fulling m of pensions, and
diminution undei various other heads of expendi-
ture.
Now he would ask, what must be the inevitable
result of this vast increase of revenue, with a great
diminution in expenditure, should tus, exchange
be permitted' The first effect would b° lhat theie
would be no public debt to nb orb the surplus for
the next three years The next inevitable result
would be either a large accumulation of surplus,
with all the coriupnn  and disorganizing effects
which we have le ently experienced, 01 a vast in
crease ot disbursements, which would bring back
all that lawless and wasteful system of expendi-
tures which are now in the course ot reduction,
and which have been found so difficult to reduce
Such must be the certain eon'equenei s
Let gentlemen of the staple States be warned
Your constituents (address n' thein) believe lhat
they pay far more than their due share of the im-
ports, that tariffs, debts, and taxes, fall heavily upon
them, and that they receive but very little remu-
neration in the shape of disbursements In all
this he believed they were n?hi; and he would ask
gentlemen of all sides from that spotion of the
country, whether they can justify themselves m
supporting measures which, whether intended or
not, are calcu ated 10 bring back the state of things
which existed some eight or ten jeats since, and
from which they and their constituents have been
extricated with so much difficulty.
But passing over manv other considerations, he
objected to loans, because when made by the Go-
vernment for bank paper, as they must be, they
were, in their nature, fraudulent What is the
nature of the transaction stripped of all disguise,
and viewed as it really is? The Government g,ves
to banka in the form of stocks, bearing say si* per
cent interest, and receive from the banks in ox-
change their promissory notes without interest
And what gives circula'ion to there promissory
notes beyond the amount of their capital in sold
and silver' What but the fact that the Govern-
ment gives them credit by putting them on the
same footing with sold and silver in all i s pecu-
niary tran« actions, whether in the collfcimn of i s
dues, in the payment of the public lands, or its de-
basements' Through your credit the commun ty
at large give them credit, and it i  this, and not b«-
cause they are incorporations, urpch crrulates
iheir notes, and gives ihem a credit so far beyond
the amount of their capital. What is this then but
Government buying its own credit from the banks
at the rate of six per cent instead of using its own
credit directly and exclusively, which would be as
safe, and much safer, than make an exchange for
it at the rate of six per cent, with the nominal
credit of the banks? He knew that this would be
called abstraction—metaphysics—by the whole
corps, who are now so busily engaged in using the
Government as the agent to delude and plunder the
people under the mystification of general terms__
banks, stt cks, loans, and the like. He cared not
what they called it, it is in fact nothing more
than a plain and simple process of analysis, in-
tended to show the real nature of the transaction
covered up under those vague and general terms.
Mr. CLAY said he differed with the Senator
from South Carolina as to the amount which
would be brought into the Treasury by increasing
the duties to 20 per cent. Instead of twenty-five
millions it would not be more than twenty-two or
twenty-three millions Mr. Clay then went at
some length into the pledges which were given by
the party now in power during the Presidential
canvass, and said they would be redeemed. He
alluded to the remark that he [Mr Calhoun] re-
presented a tax-paying people He represent a
tax-paying people, with his 350,000 niggers and a
moiety of whites' Don't we all represent a tax-
paying people? Kentucky paid more tax per capi-
ta than South CaroliBa, and he would venture to
say that ths people of the free Atlantic Spates pay
more than the white inhabitants of South Carolina.
But this is not all the complaint. The expendi-
tures are not in his section of the country, they are
m another place. Well, this unequal disburse-
ment of the public money resulted from the nature
of things, and if the Creator had made the tides to
rise higher at Boston and New York than on the
Gulf, it was no fault of this Government. We
could not reverse the laws of nature for the sake
of spending precisely as much money m South Ca-
rolina as was necessary to be expent ed in the same
space in o her parts of the Union, and of the
world. And if this be a fixed and unchangeable
law, what is the case made out by the Senator but
an argument for the dissolution of the Union,
though he would net at nbute that purpose to him?
The taxts of this Government were paid by the
consumers, and there was more consumption by
the free whites than by ihe slave*, and there was
cons quently more paid by the free States than the
slave Slates
Mr CALHOUN said that the Senator from
Kentucky told us that this bill would admit of no
delay—that the Treasury was exhausted, and that
it mu~t be passed forthwith; and yet, m the face
of these declarations, he has strayed wide of the
subject into a debatable field which would take
days to do justice to the subjects on which he has
touched, if he (Mr. Calhoun) chose" to follow his
example. He had said nothing to justify this in-
troduction of those genera! topics All he said
was that the gentlemen whom he addressed, and
who are from the stap'e States, represented con-
stituents opposed to tariffs, to wasteful expendi-
tures, and the other consequences which must ne-
cessarily flow from this measure; and that he be-
lieved they were right in their opposition. This.
as a matter of fact, the Senator knew was incon-
trovertible, and he, in order to have something to
say, directs his attack against the proposition which
he (Mr   Calhoun) had   maintained some weeks
since, when another subject under consideration__
that the fiscal action of the Government—that is
taking taxation and disbursements together—must
of necessity be unequal. Does he, the Senator,
undertake to deny the truth of the assertion? Can
any man, who has the ¡ea&t undeis anding upon
the subject deny that it must necessarily result__              '
taking taxation and disbursements  together—that              "
one portion of the community must receive back              \
in disbursements  more  than n paid in taxes and              >
another less, and that to the former, taxes would,
in reality, be but bountie-, while ¡o ihe latter, they
would be what their name imports, taxes? In
making the assertion he only laid down a great and               
fundamental   truth—a proper   understanding   of              :•
which was necessary to a just action of the Go-              n
vernment     Without venturing to d ny the propo-
sition, the Senator asserts that it mpst lead to dis-              ,,
union, and tbmks it so palpable that it is necessary               \
to acquit me of aiding at it                                                 ¿
It would indeed lead to disunion if the only ob                .
