ject of Government was money, bat he (Mr. Cal-
houn) held that it { ad higher and holier purposes—
liberty, security, and perfecting the high moral and
intellectual qualities with which our Maker has
thought proper to endow us. So long as Govern-
ment fulfilled the purpose for which it was institu-
ted—the advancement of these high and holy ob-
jects, every portion of the community ought to be
willing cheerfully to bear the unequal pecuniary
weight which must necessarily result from its fiscal
action, provided—and here he differed from the
Senator—that no burdens were imposed but such
as the just wants of the Government required:
that no expenditure be made but on such objects
as fell within the legitimate purposes for which
Government was instituted: that due economy
should be observed in the collection and dis-
bursement of the public revenue: and finally,
that the expenditure should be made as equal zs
the nature of the subject would permit. The South
asks no more, but thus much she demands and will
insist on. As to himself, he (Mr. G.) would rather
his own lot, with these limitations, should be cast
in the portion of the country that contributes most
to the public Treasury, than that which receives
most. If it should be les? favorable to its wealth,
it would be more favorable to its morals, patriot-
ism, and its relative political weight in the Union.
Will the Senator under undertake to deny that
in this Union there is a tax payiag and tax con-
suming portion? How else will he account for the
fact that in 1828, just before the public debt was
paid, the taxes, under the name of dut es, were
raised to the enormous amount which they were—
equal at least to two or three times the amount
which the wants of the Government required, and
which actually exceeded what it could expend.
Hew else can he account for it, than, even after the
surplus had accumulated beyond the expenditure,
a steady, powerful, and successful resistance
against the reduction of duties heie, compelled une
of the members of the Union, to resort to the extra-
ordinary powers of the system to effect the reduc-
tion? On the supposition that one portion of the
community was benefited, while the othei was
crushed to the earth by this oppressive system,
all this is easily explained; but on any other it is
a profound mystery.
He would conclude without noticing the other
remarks of the Senator, which, for the most part,
consisted of loose, desultory declamation, for which
he is at least as much distinguished as he would
h*vehim (Mr. Calhoun) to be for abstraction and
metaphysics.
Mr. WRIGHT, as his friends could not consent
to the modification, and as he himself preferred the
amendment without it, declined modifying
Mr. CLAY then renewed his motion to strike
out the clause prohibiting the redemption of Trea-
sury notes not due.
Mr. BENTON read from a work by Col. Todd,
giving the opinions of Gen. Harrison, of which
immense numbers were issued pending the Presi-
dential election, and in that werk there was no
mention of a National Bank, or of a distribution
bill, or any other of the measures which it is now
said were decided by that election; but it went to
show that General Harrison had no other opinion
than that he would sign all laws passed by Con-
gress.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked for the ayes and
noes on the amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought there was no differ-
ence in sentiment on this subject between the gen-
tlemen on oppositg sides of the chamber. Was
there any authority given to the Secretary of the
Treasury by this bill to anticipate the payment of
Treasury notes?
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said there was not.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Clav of Kentucky to the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Wright, and it was earned:
ayes 27, noes 21, as follows:
YEAS—Mevsrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, Phelp?, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of India-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
na,   Southard,  Tallmadge, White,  and   Wood-
bridge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McKoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21.
Mr. WRIGHT considered the adoption of the
amendment as important. He was opposed to the
bill if it was intended to facilitate the purposes of
the distribution bill. The Senator from Kentucky
had assured him there was no such intention, but
he thought it would be better to express this on the
face of the bill.
Mr. CLAY said if the amendment was a side
bloiv at the distribution bill, he thought it objec-
tionable.
Mr. WRIGHT said there was no side b'ow
about it. The amendment was drawn to meet the
precise state of the esse. The bill proposed to
raise money for the wants of the Government, and
he wished to confine it to that object.
Mr. CLAY .*sid, then be could not support the
amendment. He was not wil'ing to preclude Go-
vernment in advanee, and could not help express-
ing hi« surprise that the Senator should have pro-
posed this amendment to the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was assured by the Se-
nator fro ;n Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] ihe Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Smith] and other Senators all around
him, that the object of this bill was simply
to supply the warns of the Government: and
when he wanted to express that object on the
face of the bill, honorable Senators rise m their
places and express their surprise. Without this
amendment, if this bill should pass, and
the distribution bill should also pass, the ef-
effect would be this: when the period for mak-
ing the distribution should arrive, which was one
year after th? passage of the bill, if there was not
sufficient funds in the Treasury, the money raised
by this loan might be applied to that purpose. His
object was to prevent that. In his opinion we
had no constitu'ional power to borrow money to
distribute am-ng the States.
Mr. HUNTINGTON briefly opposed the amend-
ment.
Mr. SEVIES inquired if five millions provided
for in the present, bill, was not to pay off Trea-
sury notes not due until after the 4th of March
next1? Why cauld thesa be not as well provided
for at the next session? or was it to create the im-
pression that twelve millions was the amount of
the legacy of debt bequeathed by Mr. Van Bu-
rén to the present Administration?
Mr. PRESTON was opposed to the amendment,
as anticipating a contingency which might, or
might not happen. He thought every measure
should be opposed on its own merits; and it would
be time enough to fight the distribution bill when it
was taken up
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said there was no inten-
tion of borrowing money for distribution. The de-
ficiency in the public Treasury, occasioned by the
distribution of the proceeds of the lands, would be
supplied by a tax on luxuries.
'Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Smith] it there was any restricting
clause in the distribution bill, providing that no
distribution shuuld be made until there was a sur-
plus in the Trcuurj. He had understood that the
Senator had declared he would not consent to a dis-
tribution, if loans or taxes were neces-sary to sup-
ply the deficiency. Is not the bill, as he has re-
ported it babk from ihe committee of which he is
chairman, somewhat inconsistent with that declara-
tion? Gentlemen say this loan is not intended for
purposes of dis'nbction. Then why not say so on
its face? If the amendment was negatived, he
would understand, and the whole country would
understand it as a declaration by the dominant
party that they hid ihe power, and weuld exercise
it, of borrowing money to be distributed among the
Siates.
Mr. KING bad understood from the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky, this morning,
lhat he was piepared to show that the Trea-
sury needed ihe whole amount provided for in
this   bill,   and   he  (Mr.   K )  was bound to say
211
that he had entirely failed of doing so. The
amount wanted for the services of the year, was, in
his (Mr. K's) opinion, not more than f2,600,000«
He asked the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Preston] how he1 could support this bill, opposed
as he was to borrowing money for distribution,
when it was evident a portion of this loan would be
applied to that pur-pose.
Mr. PRESTON said the bill estimated twelve
millions as necessary for the exigencies of the Go-
vernment, and gave a discretionary power with the
President to borrow that much if he deemed it ne-
cessary. He wonld oppose the Distribution bill
when it came properly before them.
Mr. LINN said, pending the late Presidential
elections, it was asserted that the nation was forty-
millions in debt, and immense numbers of maps,
printed in columns similar to geological strata,
were circulated throughout the country, in which
the expenditures of Mr. Van Baren's administra-
tis, compared with those that preceded it, towered
like the Andes or Himalaya mountains. The
debt of for y millions has since been gradually re-
duced as we have approached it from 40 to 30, then
to 25, then to 18, and now finally to 12 millions,
six of which are not due till next March, and area
debt conir. cted by the present Administration.
Trickery and humbuggery were very prevalent in
modern times, and the Whigs had been practising
them on a grand scale; but, thank God, the time
was coming, when trickery and humbuggery would
not answer.
Mr. L denounced in warm terms the distribution
of the public revenue at the present crisis, when
every cent should be applied to putting the country
in a proper state of defence. He directed their at-
tention to the frontiers, and inquired whether there
was not much probability that the proceeds of the,
public ¡lands might be necessary to protect those
who had purchased, or were invited to purchase
them, from the savage hordes who wer« ready, at the
first sound of war with England, to break ia and
ravage and destroy the scattered settlements. He
alluded to the drain which the recent defence of our
national territories had made upon the Treasury,
and asked if this was a time to give away the na-
tion's resources in these lands.
Mr. ALLEN traced this policy to its results.
He pointed to those who were pressing upon the
heels of Congress to hurry on those measures. He
pointed to the letters received by the Secretary of
State from Mr. Bates of the House of Barings,
and from the Rothschilds of London, insisting that
it is of "ihe utmost importance in a financial as
well as a commercial view of the national character
and credit of the United States," a State's debts
should be provided for; and telling Mr. Webster
that "from the general expectations which are en-
tertained that your able Administration will ob-
serve a sound policy, honorable as well as advan-
tageous to the Republic, and from the high opinion
we have formed of your enlightened views and
zealous regard for the interest of your country, we
have no doubt you will deem an occasion of this
nature worthy of particular attention " He asked
what was the policy now proposed, but that dic-
tated in the letter of Rothschilds and Barings, and
the whole list of London bankers, whose corre-
spondence, as recently drawn from the State De-
partmsnt, is now before Congress. They seek pro-
vision for the payment of the dividends due from
the States. The public lands are distributed to
make that provision, and the General Government,
as a consequence, is called upon to run up a na-
tional debt w,th those bankers to supply the deficit
in its own Treasury. The States are no longer
able to borrow to pay the interest on their debts,
and the General Government is driven to give op
its revenue, and to borrow for itself, because the
States are no longer able to borrow for themselves.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. WitioBT, and decided in the negative—
aves 23, noes 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,  Fulton, Hen-
1 derson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nichol-
son, Pierce, Sevier, Smith of  Connecticut, Slur-
aeon,   Tappan,  Walker, Williams,   Woodbury^
| Wright, and Young—93.
