CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.                                           215
compatible with the republican institutions of this
country.
The resolutions weie sent to the Secretary's ta-
ble, and read. They declare that the extra session
of Congress was uncalled for," injudicious, and
productive of an improper expenditure of the funds
of the nation: that the question between the Inde-
pendent Treasury and a National Bank was not
made m the recent Presidential contest, or decided
by the result of it that Congress have no power,
under the Constitution, to incorporate a National
Bank, under any name or form, whether it be esta-
blished in New York, Philadelphia, or the District
of Columbia, that they regard a National Bank as
an institution of the most deadly hostility to public
liberty, conferring few, if any benefits, and having
power to inflict upon the country many injuries—
to corrupt the prets, to bribe the Representatives
of the people, and, by leaguing with a party Pre-
sident to obstruct and to smother the free voice of
the people: and that it is impolitic, in a financial
point of view, as having power to cripple and
destroy every State bank which might by chance
excite ts anger, to affec at Us will the price of
property by sudden expansions and contraction!,,
and by the overtrading of which it would be ca-
pable, and the suspension of specie payments con-
sequent thereon, to entail upon the country the
curse of an irredeemable paper currency. That
should such an institution be incorporated, regard-
ing it a? unconstitutional, and of the most deadly
hostility to public liberty, they hold it a right inse-
parable from their condition as citizens of a com-
munity under a free constitutional Government,
and also an indispensable duty to wage against it
an unceasing war, and to use untiring exertions to
secure its REPEAL at the earliest practicable day
They protest and remonstrate against the passage
of a bill to distribute the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands among the States, because there is
no constitutional right in Congress to collect money
from any source whatever, m order to distribute it
among the States, and because the exercise of such
a power would be highly impolitic and dangerous.
They earnestly and solemnly protest against an in-
crease of the tariff as a violation of the Constitu-
tion, a breach of national faith pledged in the
compromise act, and extremely oppress ve to the
South, and above all, it would revive the source
of a contention, which has heretofore endangered
and would again endanger the existence of our hap-
py Union. They direct that the procedmas be sent
to their representatives in the House of Represen-
tatives, and Hon. John C Calhoun of the Senate,
to be laid before the respective bodies of which they
are members.
The resolutions were then, on motion by Mr. C.
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that having perform-
ed the agreeable duty of placing before the
Senate the resalulions of the highly respectable
meeting of the citizens of Buckingham county,
he now rose to say a few words in relation
to him&elf and some animadversions which
had been made upon his conduct. He had ob-
servfd in the National Intdhgencer this morning
an editorial article recommending the adoption of
a gpg law for this body He would not dispute the
editor's right to say what he pleased m relation to
that measure. But at the end of the article al-
luded to, the Editor refers to his (Mr Calhoun's)
course m 1812, on the war bill, to show that he
had refused to grant delay for discussion, leaving
an impression—for be does not say it, but the im-
pression is conveyed—'hat he had resorted to the
gag system to prevent discussion. He (Mr. Cal-
houn) was aware that this impression might not
occur to those conversant with the facts, but those
who were not cotemporaneous, or did not know
better, might infer, from the way in which the
statement is mad , that he (Mr. Calhoun) had, on
the occasion alluded to, resorted to some such
means of gagging the Opposition as was now
proposed to be intreduced into the Senate. No-
thing was farther from truth. The facts in
relation to that case were these- The war
question had been for months under debate,
and the subject was exhausted before the
bill was reported from the committee, and when
it was reported, there was no more real-
ly to be said on the subject, and it took but
a short time to pass it. The war question had
been discussed for nme months in open session
The time is so long gone by, that he now conceiv-
ed he was at full liberty to allude to what had oc-
curred in secret session then. The Senator from
Kentucky must perfectly well remember that he
and myself, with others of the party, were of opi-
nion that the war question should be discussed with
open doors; but there were others of the party,
(among whom was the late Judge Grundy of Ten-
nessee,) who differed with us. In this contrariety
of opinion, it was thought advisable to consult the
Executive, and the Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
Grundy, and myself, waited on the President, and
the result of that interview wa«, that the discus-
sion should bs with closed doors.
The bill was reported and passed through in the
time stated m the In'elligencer, but passed most
leisurely, and without discussion, except upon some
incidental points. It passed through so leisurely,
that there was an accidental pause of nearly an
hour from the time the question of the passage was
put by the Chair until it was actually voted on,
resulting from an occurrence which he would now
state.
Before the question was put on the passage, Mr.
Ct les, Mr. Madison's private secretary, came to
the door of the House, and sent for him (Mr. Cal-
hoon.) He went out and met him, and was asked
by Mr. Coles how long before the vote would be
taken on the passage of the bill. He replied it
was uncertain, but would probably be in less than
half an hour Mr. Coles said that the President
wished to make a communication before it passed,
and desired it should be delayed until he had an op-
portunity of doing so, and requested him (Mr. C ) if
necessary, torn ake a motion to that effect. He replied
that he could not assume the responsibility, unless
he was informed of the object. Mr. Coles said
that he understood it to be one of importance, but
did not know its nature. Mr. Calhoun replied,
that all he could do would be to state the facts as
he (Mr. Coles) had stated to him, should it become
necessary, and asked Mr Coles it he was at liberty
to repeat to the House what he had stated to him.
Mr Coles assented.
He then returned to the House, and when the
vote was about to be taken, he stated to the House
the conversation which had occurred between him-
self and Mr Coles, leaving it to determine whether
it would wait for the communication or not. The
result was, to defer the vote, and a pause in
the proceedings ensued, which continued for near-
ly an hour, without taking up any other sub-
ject, during the whole of which time there
was not one word of debate. The message was
at length recived from the President, which
enclosed the correspondence with the British
Mimstei, the object of which was to prevent
the declaration of war. That gentleman had
had acted und=r a delusion wi'h reference to the
war, resulting irom his association with the Fede-
ral party, who were of opirion that the Republi-
can party could not be kicked into a war. When
he discovered his mistake, he commenced the coi-
respondence which was transmitted by Mr. Madi-
son     It is unnecessary to say it had no effect
The article m the Intelligencer not only inti-
mates that he (Mr. Calhodn) favored the gag law
on that occasion, but makes an impression that he,
and the party with whom he acted, had been in
tne habit of using it, and that he was, to some ex-
tent, responsible for its introduction. The fact is,
that the previous question, used for the purpose of
suppressing debate, in order to hasten a decision,
was introduced previous to his time—m the last
session of the eleventh Congress. It was adopted,
as he alwa>s understood, in consequence of the
abuse of the right of debate by Mr. Gardmier of
New York, remaikable for his capacity for making
long speeches. He could keep the floor for days
The abuse was considered so great that the
previous question was introduced to pre
vent it, but so little was it m favor with
those who felt themselves forced to adopt it,
that Ue would venture to say without having looked
at the journals, that it was not used half a dozen
times during the whole war, with a powerful and
unscrupulous opposition, and thstin a body nearly
two-thirds the size of the present House. He be-
lieved he might go farther, and as«ert that it was
never used but twice during that eventful peuocL
And now, a measure introduced under such press-
ing circumstances, and so sparingly used, is to be
made the pretext for introducing the gag-law into •,
the Senate, a body so much smaller, and so dis-
tinguished ior the closeness of its debate and the
brevity of i*s discussion.
He would add that from the first introduction of
the previous question into the House of Repre-
sentatives, his impression was that it was not used
but four times in seventeen years, that is from. 1811
to 1828, the last occasion on the passage of the
tariff bill He now trusted that he had repelled
effectually the attempt to prepare the country for
the effort to gag the Senate, by a reference to the
early history of the previous question in the other
House.
Mr. CLAY said he should take no part in the
controversy between the Senator and the National
Intelligence), which would, he supposed, defend it-
self. But he had risen to set the Senator from South
Carolina right as to the time of the application of
the previous question. He believed Mr Gardi-
nier's speech of thirty-eight hours was two or three
years before the introduction of the previous ques-
tion. There was another plan while that was in
limine—it was the question of consideration—that
is, a measure being introduced, the question was
taken, if demanded, Shall it be considered? He
recollected an instance of its application while he
was himself in the chair He was riding out
one morning on horseback, as he was still m the
habit of doing, and near Georgetown he met Joe
Lewis, and Joe asked him what was the news? He
(Mr. Clat) toldhim, as he was a member, that Mr.
Madi< on would send a message to the House that day
recommending a war. I mmediately after the Jour-
nal was read, Mr. Randolph, who had got the in-
formation some way,rose and commenced a violent
speech in opposition to the war. "When he had
proceeded some time, he (Mr Clay) interrupted
him, and a^ked him it he intended to submit a
motion. Mr Randolph said he did. He (Mr.
Clay, desired him to send it to the Chair, which he
did, it ¡vas tnen read, and the question was imme-
diately propounded, Will the House now consider
the resolutioi i and it was decidtd in the negative.
The previous question was not introduced
for «orne years alter from parliamentary usage, and
then it "vas made to conform to American use, the
intention being to give to the majority the control
of action on the business of Congress.
Now, the fact was, that he and his friends had
consulted, but had made no decision, when he was
a<ked the other day, by the Senater from Alaba-
ma, did he mean to introduce what the gentleman
opposite plea¡.pd to call a gag-law, and he said in
reply, fnat the majority would have to
introduce some mode oi controlling the action
oi the Senati- or the business of the se sion could
not be got through. Mr. Clay then proceeded to
show that there *vas no resemblance between the
alien and sedition law and what was here desig-
nated a gag law
Mr. CALHOUN said he rose to correct a mis-
statement ot fie Senator in reference to the rule re-
lating to tne consideration of questions, which ex-
isted n the other House at the penud alluded to
by him. The ru'e was not of that general nature,
but was restricted exclusively to resolutions, and
was, in his opinion, a very correct one He held
li as a fundamental parliamentary principle, that
no member had a right to force the consideration
of any subjec upon a dehbeiative body, without its
consent Hence the rule that no bill can be in-
troduced by an individual member without the no-
tice of one day, aad asking leave to introduce it
Tie rule referred to by the Senator was neithf-r
more nor less than a modification of the same rule
applied to reso'utioni, and was, m his opinion, far
preferable to the rule relative to the introduction of
resolutions now existing in the other House, and
le^s restrictive, in fact, upon the rights of the mem-
bers.
But the Senator was still more mistaken in the
