CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2L7
betier will ii be to supply any necessities oí the next
year by an increased tas on luxuries, than by laige
loans? So, the present Administration, doubtless,
mast intend to make great reforms and retrenchments
in another year, if not m ihis, and thus render ihe
usual amount of means not necessary. Consider-
ing the professions of economy which were made
before the last election, and the contemplated re-
duction talked of so often to thirtrcn or fifteen
millions for the whole annua! expsnditure, I
was surprised to bear the Senator from Kenlucky
speatf of needing a tariff to yield at iea't twenty-
two millions' What, sir, twenty-two millions—
even if the lands are all given away—twenty-two
millions needed to pay fifteen1 Why, sir, only
twenty-two to twenty 'hree millions were expended
last year fot the current service, when we were de-
nounced as so wasteful and extravagant; and only
twenty millions were asked this year for the same
purposes Thi>, then, is an extrdordmary kind of
retrenchment for the next year, though not quite
equal to the chame going on since ihe 4th of
March last, s-o as to swi>¡¡ the exnei'diiures for or-
dinary object , >n ti;e whole of 1841, from twenty
to quite twen'y-six or iéven millions He could
point out nearly four millions in the expenses of
this year, which, by the completion of v orks, and the
objects contemplated, by increased economy, could
be reduced in 1842. He held the items in his hand,
and, on some appropriate occasion, would be ready
to state the reasons tor such large retrenchments,
which were b-it ihe sequ'nee of what had gradu-
ally been going on since 1838, and ought, m his
opinion, to be persas eJ m.
But passing by this, we should not now increase
the loan for nex.. year ñon another consideration
connected with a provision in the bill for a Na-
tional Bank. The Secretaiy is there authorized to
borrow from six to seven mti'ions more besides
the first ten, if individuals do not take the rest of
the stock. But ne is required to sell it out again as
soon as pracfcable at par. Suppose he does this
by next January or Pebruaiy, tne whele of the
money thus r&ceived is then to lie idle in the Trea-
sury, while we are paying interest on the original
loan for the six million , unless you apply the mo-
ney received in the sale of the Bank st .ck to the
wants of the next year, instead ot making a larger
loan now for that purpose. For these decisive
reasons, I would confine the loan to tlv> wants of
the year. I will nr t say, also, that it should be done
oj account oí a design, which might exist, to in-
crease this loan with a view to supply the wants
created by g ving away three millions revenue
from the public lands, or an enormous capital of
fifty or sixty million?, which will yield this or even
a larger annual resource. Because gentlemen on
the other side disclaim that object, and I am bound
to confide in the disclaimer.
What, then, are the legitimate wants of the
present year beyond the probable means'! It
is not pretended that ihey amount to twelve
millions—and tne highest computation made
by the Senator from Kentucky is from nmeto nine
and a halt millions, and by .he Secretary of the
Treasury is six millions, with the addition of only
one million for a surplus it Treasury notes are
used, or four mil'ions if they are not used. There
is no difficulty m understanding the posi-
tions of either of those gentlemen in thes  par-
ticulars; and I will, therefore, attempt to shotf
from the face of bon of tt-eir statements, and I
will do it with liberality and fairness—that six mil-
lions is the utmost extent needed, arid that not
a dollar of this would have been required had no
extra session of Congress been convened to make
new appropriation--, and had no expenditure been
made from the old ones beyond the amonnt u^usl
from the foundation of the Governme.it, or such
an aggregate «f them as existed when the present
Administration came into power.
Thus, sir, the Secretary aid the chairman both
start with the posinon taken in the financial repoit
at the beginning of this session Thai on the 4th
of Mare's out of thirty-three rnilhom, of outstand-
ing appropriations, it would be necessary to spend
m 1841, only twentj-foar millions and two-temhs.
I use mostlv round numbers lor convenience. This
is admrUed'on all hands 10 be the maximum of ex-
penditure. At the same time the report admits,
and the chairman admits, that there were means
probab'e to meet th s, equal to twenty millio.is and
seven-tenth  Th s would leave a deficiency in the
old appropriations of only three and a half millions.
This is all which any body pretends, independent
of any new appropriations
But m order to make this, both of these gentle-
men are obliged to calculate on an expenditure for
the year for the current service, out of the old ap.
propnations, equal to twenty-'hree millions and a
fraction, when the past Administration considered
the maximum of that expenditure should not ex-
ceed twenty millions. And when, if spending as is
usual, only an amount equal to that of the new and
permanent appropriations, tne aggregate actually
spent would be less than twenty millions
Reduce the actual expenses then as they should
be on the old appropriations, as low at least as
twenty millions, and no deficit whatever would ex-
ist to be supplied.
Thus would vanish, under a proper manage-
ment of the expenditures every dollar of the defi-
ciency, and from causes formerly explained, a con-
siderable balance m the Treasury would have ex-
isted under such an fadmimstration, if no extra
session had been convened lo make new appro-
priations and occasion new expenses.
The past Administration would have cie-
ated nei'her a deficit nor a debt due, the present
year And the whole debt created by it, which
would fall due the next yeir, could not exceed
fiom five to six million's. That was the extent of
power to issue new Treasury notes, and even that
amount would be reduced to four, three, or lower,
as the current expenditures might be diminished
below twenty millions, or the current revenue from
customs and lands might exceed the greatly re-
duced estímales submitted by the present Secre-
tary.
But, notwithstanding all this, I am still willing
to provide for any extra and necessary expendi-
tures, um'er the o'd appropriations, which have
been contracted for, rather than have the public
filth violated. The Secretary— "r rather the ether
Departments, to which he furnishes the means—
may have been precipitate and lavish in some
cases, and have drawn out cr used money faster
than was pruden', and from newness in offiee, or
other causes, sufficient precaution and remon-
strance against ihisconr-e may i.oi have been u^ed.
But I, for one, am ready io proffer relief, on bigh
public grounds, however much the apparent heed-
lessness and ex'ravagance are <o be regretted.
Th s relief, .hen, is on the old appropriations,
a<ked to extend to three and a half millions. Bat
this is by two errors, manifest in the Secretary's
report, and one of these smce admitted by him
quite one mil'ion one hundred thousand dollars too
high, and should be corrected and reduced to that
extent m our computations. When h s report was
first perused, as well as since, I was siruck wnh the
extraordinary extent of ihe estima.ed expenditures,
beyond toe amount of new aid pe>minent appro-
priation, bjing fron three .o four millions of an
excess over 'hem Bat no  it aims out tha , in
fac% it is only fro'" two to thr-e ou'liont—m con-
sequence of those mistakes rendenrg i' a million
and more too high.
Tnose errors have happened in this way thus,
on the face of the report, the Secretary states, m
so many words, that five or «ix hundred thousand
dollars received from the Bank of the United Stales
by the latier, having paid cer'am appropriations in
tha West to that amount, were not carried on ihe
books till after the thin' of March Then the ap-
propriations so paid are included in those out-
standing on the fifth of that month, and also m the
portion of them to be paid during 1841, being
twenty four millions an! two-tenths. They are
thus charged after the 3d of March, but no credit is
given after, in his exhibit, for the like amount re-
ceived frem the Bank, and applied to those
payments. The Secretary has since virtually ad-
mitted this error, and which is equivalent to
an admission that tne real expenditures, oi balance
of expenditures, after the 3d of March, appears
too high by half a million, (or, as he now com-
putes the sum, by more than six hundred thousand
dollars,) or that the receipts appear too low to that
extent, which renders the error the same.
Again, he has got the expenditures too high by
another half million on another account, as is de-
monstrable on the face of his own document.
Thus he charges in January and February last for
Treasury notes redeemed six hundred and forty-
seven thousand dollars, and properly enters them
as an expenditure of those two months, because all
were, in fact, then redeemed, though only one hun-
dred and forty-seven thousand of them were then car-
ried on the books, as appears by his table, (A;)he then
proceeds to charge up to the next ten months the
appropriations for Treasury notes and other mat-
ter still unpaid; and includes in the next ten
months five hundred thousand dollars of this very
six hund ed and forty-seven thousand, which he
had charged to the previous two months. He also
includes it m the twenty-four millions, and two
tenths.'to be expended in the next ten months, when
m fact it had been expended in the previous two
months, and so charged m the body of tbe report.
Now it he carried it forward to the ten months,
because it had no: yet been entered on the books,
he stnuld have carried forward, also, in his exhibit,
a credit to the same amount. This he has omitted
to do in this case as well as in that of the Bank.
So that tl>ese two manifest errors, when deducted,
would reduce the balance of expenditures under old
appropriations jo be provided for, to only two
millions and four tenth*.
The next addition to this amount proposed by
the Secretary, as well as by the chairman, to be
now provided lor, is an account of new appropria-
tions to be made at th s extra session. Now,
however strongly I disapprove of its call and its
la'gc cost of half a million or more, and of the
money given away at it to the widow of
the lata President, not for her necessities while
rich, nor from our abundance, but to supply which
we are now to borrow and beg from foreign capi-
talists, and however much I disapprove several of
the other items of new charges recommended, yet,
with a view to preserve the public credit unstained,
I shall not hesitate to grant enough to defray all
the expenses likely to occur this year under all
the new appropriations. The Secretary ana the
chairman differ as to ihe amount of these ap-
propriations that will be required They disagree
a million or more ot dollars. Which is wrong?
Whether the Secretary fai ed to submit esti-
mates for the Navy Department, when he knew
its wants, and i  therefore culpable; or whether
the Secretary of the Navy neglected to apprise
him of his wants, and the latter is culpable, I
leave to be settled among those gentlemen, who
have so often railed so loud and so long at the
Wat Department formerly, for submitting estí-
males which were not included in those of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The new appropriations called for by the Secre-
tary of the Tre« sury in hrs exhibit for the year,
amount 'o only two millions and a half—because
by a blander he omits in that exhibit those for
this extra sesión and for ihe censm«—making to-
gether above half a million. Correcting this, he
makes them about three millions, while the chair-
man says a million to a million and a half more
should be "dded for naval purposes.
In the e family quarrels as to what is the proper
sum it may be prudent to take the amount which
would be a medium; though I hope even that will
prove too high. But not to be illiberal, I will sup-
pose three and a half millions of new appropria-
tions -hall fee made, which is quite a million more
than the Secretary embraces in his exhibit for the
year. Now the next step, and a most erroneous
one by him and the chairman, ha* been to add the
whole of these new appropriations to the other
sut  to be provided for this >ear. When, m truth,
if these new appropriations passed as late m the
yeai as July and August, not even half of the
whole aggregate will probably be expended within
1841 The great mas3 of ihem 1S for the army and
navy, for operations and works where contracts
are first to be advertised for and made,  materials
to be prepared, &c-
Why sir, by a document before me, sent to the
Committee of Ways and   Means m the other
