218
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House, this very session, it appears that near
eight hundred thousand dollars of th* appropria-
tions made heretofore for fortifications are still
unexpended.
It must be palpable, then, to all, who have turned
attention to this subject, that one million and ihree-
fenrths is probably the largest estimate, which
should be made for the actual expenditure m 1841,
out of the new appropriation made at this extra
session. Add this to the former two and four-
tenths, and there is to be provided for, only four
millions and about two-tenths.
Now there is no pretence, that any thing can or
should be added to this ior the present year, except
such new Treasury notes as may be paid in, or
such sum as should be kept for a permanent sur
plus on hand
But those Treasury notes, if coining in before
due next year, which in the present easy state of
the money market, is highly improbable, will con-
stitute no additional charge, because by the exist-
ing laws, you can issue new ones in their stead
If old ones come in, as they will after interest ceases
ou them, you have already provided for the whole
of them in 'he estímales often months'pxpendituie
and receipts, you have done this as to the whole of
them also, when at least a quarter of a million,
as explained on a formei occasion, will not be
pre$ented by that lime.
What, then, should be added for a surplus, to
be kept on hand? I concede that something should
be But the Secretary himself says it need be only
one million, while the power to issue Treasury
notes exists The chairman computes two mil-
lions for this purpose Now, in order to be indul-
gent for all differences among friends , and as the
present power to issue new Treasury notes is limit
ed, and may not be enlarged, I will estimate a
million and a half for a surplus This is more
than the average for four years past, and is more
than the Secretary himself asks, while a power to
issue Treasury noies exists Add that to the other
four millions and two-tenths, and we have an ag
gregage ol five millions and seven tenths. This is
the whole amount needed for the year; and this
will not only meet all wants, but kavir, also, a sur-
plus of one and a half millions But to cover any
other contingency, 1 propose, by this motion, to
give near a third oí a million more, and, by a loan
of six millions, 10 lender ihe operations of the
Treasury easy—to cover every existing and anti
cipaied engagement during the year, fmindcd on
the Secrctaiy's and chairman sown dala—iiul ihus
in good faith, to pieserve ihe public credit ot th
Government, however and by whonr-ocver it may
be endangued.
This conclusion is irresistible as to the true
amount for the year It accoids exactly with Ihe
semi-official explanations recently published in ihe
official organ m this city The Secieiary himself,
in his report, says, also, "leaving unprovided tor,
ot the demands for the present year, the sum of
$6,000,941   This varies but Utile from the same
result And, though this contains an excess of
more than a million of expfnduure under old ap
propnations, by means ol two mistakes, and an ex-
cess of actual expenditure under new ones, within
the year, of three-tourths of a million more, yet it
contains nothing for a surplus, and, allowing a
million and a half fot that, it will accord wnh -ny
own computations.
So the Senator from Kentucky makes the defi-
ciency to be provided for only a Utile over nine
millions, or three more than the Secretary. But
the Senator includes in that aggregate half a mil-
lion too much for a surplus—over a million of the
Secretary's mistakes in the expenditures under the
old appropriations, and quite two millions more
excess of actual expenditure under ihe new appro-
priations. Since he computes that the whole of the
last will be spent in 1841, and must then be pro-
vided for, when, manifestly, at least two millions
of this four will not and cannot, m the usual course,
be actually expended till 1842, making proper and
obvious allowances then on these accounts, and six
millions will, by his data, as well as the Secretary's,
prove amply sufficient for the present year. That
sum, therefore, I am willing to vote at once.
It is true, that I should prefer to change the form
of the loan to one by Treasury notes, for reasons
of promptitude, economy, and convenience
But if the friends of the Administration oppose
that form of a loan, I am willing forthwith to vote
the above ample amount in the present form,
rather than embarrass in the slightest degree the
financial operations of the Treasury, or impair the
public credit of the General Government 1 ft, he
must say, so deservedly high, by the prudent policy
and economy of Ihe last Administration.
Mr. EVANS was very glad that ihe Senator
had got to understand the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. What was the state ©f the Trea-
sury? It had about one million dollars on hand,
and all the Treasury notes which had been autho-
rized having been issued, there was no resource,
except the accruing revenue. That was the state
of the Treasury, and no one would think it safe
Now, what would be the requirements'2 The de-
ficit estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury
was two and a half millions There was about
two and a half millions dollars of Treasury notes,
exclusive of the interest, to fall due in six
weeks, and we had only about a million of dollars
to meet Ihem, and the ordinary expenses of Govern-
ment.
What was proposed by the Secretary of ihe
Treasury as Ihe whole expenditures this year?
Including the redemption of Treasury notes, but
excluding new appropriations likely to be made
nsw, the authorized expenditures were §28,837,166
What were the means of the year? He specified
them, and estimated, including all the anticipated
receipts from all sources, at $25,283,000. This
left a deficit of about three and a half millions tms
year, and when they arrived at the end of it, there
would not be a dollar in the Treasury. It would
be proper to provid* two millions for contingencies,
which was the least sum former Secretaries of ihe
Treasury thought they could get along with. They
would then want #5,500,000 If they then added
new appropriations offwo millions dollars likely
to be made ihis session of Coneress, it amounted 'o
seven and a hilf millions dollars, necessary to be
supplied for the service ot this y ar He did notsep
how these expenses were to be g eatly diminished
As to the means of the year, he did not rely en-
tirely on the estimate, and every dij's experi-
ence showed it doubtful whethei the amount would
be equal to that anticipated The receipts from
customs were falling off, and it was thought th-y
would not be as great m too lattei p rt of Ihe yeai
<n m the former For the first 'ix month- ot the
year they had amounted to #5 700,000 They
could not be greater f. r the ne\t six months, but
the Sectetary of tlieTieasuiy bal estimated that
we were to leceive twelve millions in th  ten
months ater ihe 1st of March The defici ncy
irom this -onrce below tne estinnte oí the Secre-
tary, must then be two milhons of dolWo at least
This, added to the sivtn ami a half millicns,
would make nine and a half millions This
vould bring us to Ihe end of the year, and we
should have twomtllnns on hand There would
then be requirements immediately by approprta
tions, of some thousands ot dollars. Last year,
by appropriations made at the short session, there
sere $450,000 called for immediately Was it
then unreasonable to provide now a loan of twelve
millions'! Senators must have shut their eyes to
ilv fact that this was not to be borrowed now, and
draw mterevt, but that the President should borrow
it from time to lime, as required. Supposing they
did not want but six millions, were they to borrow
twelve millions? Not at all The only difference
between this bill and the Treasury Note bill was
the form of supplying the means required. The
object of the loan of twelve millions was to supply
that which they knew to be the existing deficiency
in the Treasury at this moment to redeem the Trea-
sury notes that will come in, and to guard against
contingencies and fluctuations. He proceeded at
some length to show the necessity for thr-; he
thought ihe attention of Congress could not be
given too early to supplying the means of the Trea-
sury, and could not conceive it unreasonab'e to
give the President authority to borrow, as it was
required, a sum not exceeding twelve millions of
dollars.   He considered this a favorable time to
prosecute the public works    Every thing is low—
labor, provisions, and materials.
Mr. WOODBURY, in reply, said he was not a lit-
tle surprised that the Senator from Maine should take
as his guide for a proper expéndame, the amount
of appropriations to be left at the end of the year.
That amount depends usually on the great excess
of appropriations beyond what can and should be
spent properly, and may be large, and the expendi-
tures large at the same time. Thus at the close of
1836 and 1837, the amount outstanding became in.
creasd to fifteen and sixteen millions instead of
eight or ten, but not because enough was not spent
v^thm these yeais. On the contiary, that gentle-
man and lus friends complained that too much
was spent, exaggerating it to forty and fifty mil-
lions. Now, however, he seems to complain that
not enough ot the appropriations was then spent,
and that too large an amount was left at the end of
the year
Passing by this inconsistent course of aigument,
it will be seen that the large amount left then un-
expended, happened, in truth, because Congress
overloaded the Executive in only two years with
thirty-six millions more of appropriations than had
been asked for in the annual estimates. The Ad-
ministration expended enough, in all reason, and
much more than it would have done hal Congress
run into fewer excesses But it could not fairly,
and did not, expend at once all those immense ad-
ditions to what it called for as proper.
Those large balances of outstanding appropri-
ations, have been since reduced, by large sum>
going to the surplus fund, and under reduced new
appropriations, till the old ones were exhausted, to
about twelve millions only. But the expenditure
this year, if it reduce them to nine or ten, by help
of what goes to the surplus fund, may still, in a ra-
tio to the whole amount of new and old appropri-
ations, be much larger than usual—much larger,
at least three millions larger, than experience war-
rants from the foundation of the Government, as
well as during the past Administration, and much
larger than could be effected without indiscreet
haste, imprude.u contracts, wasteful progress, or
premature advances of the public money.
But the gentleman adds that, with all oar large
expenditures, which he now very candidly admits
were not any larger than was proper in the aggre-
gate, we did not so apply the money as to leave
any tiacks of benefit behind to the country at large.
What, sir' be=ide carrying on with vigor and
promptitude all oui ordinary large functions, le-
gislative, judicial, civil, military, naval, and
diplomat i,, whether at home oi abroad, and
with punctuality and general efficiency, did we
leave no othei trick behind in extinguish-
ing millions oí the large remains of the public debt
of both the Revolution and the lale war? No track
behind in paying to several States, and among
the rest for his own, and Massachusetts, th¿ large
arrearages of claims for military expense in 1812
and 1814? None for the millions paid to Virginia
claimants for Revolutionary services' None for
the new forts built, completed, or armed, for new
arsenals and barracks erected, and armories en-
larged? None for ihe militia armed? None for
the dry docks built, navv yards improved, and
valuable aavai materials on hand doubled? None
for new and splendid public buildings of various
kinds, here and elsewhere constructed, beyond any
former period m our history? No tracks m protect-
ing our Northern and Northeastern frontier from
predatory warfare and bloody invasion? None ax
most expensive Indian war-, in both the South-
west and Northwest, to shield our women and chil-
dren from foreign massacre? None m extinguishing
Indian titles to so many millions of acres of the
nchest country m the globe, and even under one
treaty at the expense of near seven millions of dol-
lars, and ridding ¡large portions of three or four
sovereign Slates of a barbarous population? No
tracks behind m our expenditures of nearly four
millions annually at one period to save the halt, the
decrepid, the blind, the widow, and the fatherless
of the Revolutionary stock, from the ignominy
of begging for bread, and to rescue them from
the discraceful cells of the almshouse?
]     Let the gentleman ¡reflect on these and a thou-
