CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
sand other useful memorials and mementoes of
tru^e expenses, and then say candidly whether we
have left no tracks of benefit or advantage behind.
He says again, that these large expenses, if in
many cases extravagant or unnecessary,were chiefly
for purposes desired by the Administration, and
were not crowded on them by others. Here is
the ltst of them, sir, for the whole period. In only
a few years we find the Alexandria canal to near
a third of a million. Was that de&ired by us?
The internal improvements, so miscalled, to nearly
a million in amount—were they desired by us?
The new light-houses in places often fit only for
jobs, to the extent of near a million in one of these
years—were they desired by us? The expenses
nominal in demands and trust funds under indem-
nities obtained abroad, and gratuities given at
home, which we manage for nothing, and have ob-
tained for others from foreign nations, as an ad-
vantage to the country, to the extent of seven or
eight millions, and stii technically included among
the expenditures oí those years—did we desire these
tobe charged upon us as extravagance and waste;
and to be perverted so as to be made to swell our
expenses for the current service several millions?
But the gentleman says again, have not former
Administrations expended money for similar ob-
jects? Certainly. But the past one, as shown the
other day, expended, by order of Congres-, quite
forty millions more for extraordinary and tempo-
rary objects than any previous Administration
whatever; and now we aie to be taunted Willi this
as extravagance in the amount; or, if the object be
laudable, with accomplishing nothing in this re-
spect beyond other Administrations.
He next says, that the Secretary has estimated
the receipts too large, and something should be
provided ia the loan bill on that account. It is
not a lutle extraordinary that members on this
side of the House are obliged to-day to vindicate
the Secretary of the Treasury from the attacks of
his own friends.
The Senator from Kentucky also charges him with
omitting a million and a half of new necessary
appropriations, and the Senator from Maine accuses
him of an under estimate in his receipts of
several millions. I shall not interfere in this fra-
ternal controversy further than to say, that if the
receipts in the month of July prove, as expected,
to be very large, and if commerce revives magi-
cally from the incorporation of a United States
Bank, as seems to be anticipated by them; if the
tariff be not changed till the next session, and many
goods paying less than twenty per cent, [which in-
clude among numerous other articles all silks beyond
the Cape of Go., d Hope, and most of the wines,] are
soon crowded into the country under the present
low duties to avoid higher ones anticipated; and if
lands are advertised for sale, which I regret to see,
for some strange cause fatal to the revenue, are
omitted' to be almost entirely; I say if these
happen, the Secretary may yet prove not to be so
wide from the truth in all his estimates of receipts,
as some ef his own friends now imagine. The
chief increase in duties was expected originally to
be the last half of the rear.
But why should we, in any view, authorize a loan
to near double the amount that will probably be
neeáed in 1841? Why give twelve millions instead
of six for mere confidence? or rather to open a
door to larger appropriations thus encouraged?
or to open it to large donations of the public revenue
from lands, thus virtually licensed, and the conse-
quences thus guarded against? or to ¡arge redemp-
tions of outstanding Treasury note*, not due till
another year, and not p-essing on the Treasury till
then? Such a course is hazardous, unnecessary,
unprecedented.
In England, to which we ate referred so often
on the other side for examples as to a National
Bank and all that, the votes of supplies are an-
nual and the issues of exchequer bills are autho-
rized only annually.
Besides all this, we are to convene again before
the present year expires; and if any thing more
should then prove to be needed for any existing or
immediate object, it could be voted then as readily
and much more safely than now. Above and be-
yond all this,  if any thing should    appear to
be needed for the next year, why not then supply
itrathtr ihan now? Then so much more wisely,
because after four months' more experience and
i.icts for a guide as to the true amount.
But I forbear pressing farther what must appear
to every candid mind so much more natural, judi-
cious, prudent, safe.
A single word more as to the amount of debt
created by the past Administrations in twelve
years, and the amount which will be created by
this in a single twelve month*, if this loan bill and
all their other measures take effect.
Tne utmost that can be due in this year on ac-
count of the past Administration, will be, as we have
before shown, in a fair amount of expenditure
in 1841, under old appropriations, not a dollar.
For not a dollar, then, in this year, is the past
Administration answerable. The utmost in the
next year is only the amount of Treasury notes
which may then be out, and which cannot, by law,
pxceed from five to six millions, and may be only
four or five. Say, then, that the probable amount
of debt, caused by the past Administration, and to
be discharged the next year, may range from four
to six millions; all of which would have been paid
or prevented by only correcting erroneous judicial
decisions and large drawbacks, or by larger im-
port-', if the UmVed States Bank had not failed in
January last, and so injured our foreign, as well as
domestic, trade and credit.
But what amount of debt do gentlemen on the
oiher side propose to create on their account within
only four or five months? At least, they say, four
to five anda half millions for new appropriations—
from two to five millions more for a permanent
surplus—three millions more to supply the revenue
from lands given away—ten millions more to start
a National Bank—and six and two-thirds more
for its aid, if individuals do not subscribe liberally.
These, at the maximum, make the enormous ag-
gregate of their own debt, on their own account,
in less than one year, of more than twenty-eight
millions of dollars. At the minimum, it would be
near nineteen millions, while ours can be but from
four to six millions, in the long petiod of twelve
years—a period, during which we have extin-
guished more than ten times that amount of public
debt—incurred in the Revolution and the last war
—besides defraying promptly all the current ex-
penditure.'.
Mr. CALHOUN said if he understood the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, [Mr. Clay,] he proposed
to make an appropriation of two millions and a
half for the service of the War Department.
Mr. CLAY said he told the Senator that he
would support it or oppose it, as he-pleased.
Mr. CALHOUN lemarked that the unexpended
balance?, together with the two millions and a half
now proposed, would make four millions two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars for fortifications,
being five times larger than she average appropria-
tions for ihat object for the last twelve years. He
had experience m those matters, and knew that it
was impossible to apply this sum without wasting
or throwing it away. What did all this prove? It
proved the great anxiety io create a public deb'.
There had been a contest between the two great
political parties as to the amount of debt at the
close of the last Administration, and it had been
variously estimated at twenty, thirty, and even as
high as forty millions of dollars. He asked the
present Administration not to mingle their debts
with fho-.e of the last Administration; but, at the
end of this or next srssion, introduce a bilí to pay
their own debts. The two were so blended, that
the people would never understand the d,ebts of the
last Administration. The real balance at the end
of last year was one million six hundred thousand
dollars; and if this extra session bad not been call-
ed, the deficit, according to the Secretary of the
Treasury's own estimate, would have been only a
million and a half of dollars. They were willing
to vote for the six millions, but the residue must
go over to the next year.
Mr. WRIGHT said, if the limitation proposed
yesterday upon the objects for which the money
borrowed under this act might be expended, had
been adopted, and thus the power of the President
to make loans had been restricted to the payment
of the current expenses of the Government and the
redemption of Treasury notes due and payable, a
close limitation upon the amount which might be
borrowed would not have bees considered so essen-
tial by himself and those with whom he acted.
When that proposition was before the Senate, they
had informed the friends of the bill that their opposi-
tion to it, m its present shape, rested mainly upon
the ground that the money would be loaned prac-
tically for the purpose of distribution, by being
borrowed to supply the Treasury, so that it might
be able to spare the land revenue for distribution
to the States. All intention to make loans to ac-
complish this object was promptly, and, he was
bound to suppose, sincerely desired by the friends
of the bill; but it was not deuied that the bill, if
made a law without amendment, would empower
the President and Secretary of the Treasury to
make loans to carry into effect the distribution
bill; nor was it denied that, in case that bill should
i become a law, a state of things might exist which
I would make it the duty of those officers thus to
1 exercise the powers which this bill would place in
their hands. Still an amendment, calculated and
designed to prohibit loans for ihat object, while it
it did noi restrict the power to borrow for the uses
of the Treasury and the payment of the Treasury
note*, was deliberately rejected, with a single ex-
ception, by a strict party vole.
It became, therefore, imperative upon those who
were averse to borrowing money upon the credit
of this Government to distribute to the State Go-
vernments, and who believed that the Constitution
had conferred upon Congress no power "to borrow
money on the credit of the United States" for such
an object, to endeavor, in the only other way
which remained to them, to prevent the exercise of
such«i power under this loan bill. That way was to
restrict the amount to be borrowed to the actual
and probable necessities of the Tteasury for the
service of the current year. Such was the object
of the motion of his honorable friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] now under conside-
ration. The bill authorized loans to the amount
of twelve millions. His motion proposed to limit
it to six millions. Was the latter sum sufficient
for the uses of the Treasury for this year?
There seemed to be now scarcely a question
upon that point in any quarter, unless indeed the
honorable chaiiman of the committee which re-
ported the bill, [Mr. Clay,] formed an exception.
He had, upon several occasions, exhibited states-
ments tendiug towards a different conclusion; but
Mr. Wright had not been able sufficiently to re-
tain his data, or his results, to review his calcula-
tions and point out the errors which must exist in
them. One great error was apparent in them all,
and that wa«, that he included in his estimate of
the wants of the Treasury for this year, an amount
of money snfficient to pay off and redeem all the
,Treasury notes which were to fall due and became
payable in ihe whole of the next year. This was
a palpable error, and amounted, as he should pre-
sently ¡ hows to more than seven millions of dollars.
The honorable Senator from ¡Vlame [Mr.
Evans] had taken a different course of calculation,
and arrived at a much more accurate result. Mr.
Wrioht had, since the vote of yesterday, rejecting
all restriction as to the objects of these foans, taken
great pams to leara what sum would be probably
required to supply the Treasury for the current
year, with a view to a motion such as is now made.
He had sought various authorities, all from Admi-
nistration sources, and followed their facts to their
conclusions, and he was happy to be able to say
that, while the modes of calculation were all variant
from each other, and from that pursued by the ho-
norable Senator from Maine, the conclusions were
sufficiently harmonious to prove most triumphantly
the propriety and safety of the limitation proposed
by this motion.
He would exhibit, in a very condensed form, the
various statements to which he had alluded, and,
first, one taJren from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury himself, on the finances, and made to
this Congress since the commencement of the pre-
sent session. The Secretary puts down as debt, or
deficit, or both, the sum of -            %\ 6,088,215 19
in this sum is included an item of
