CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made at this session, thus agreeing entirely with
this writer as lar as he goes, except as to the half
million to remain in the Treasury. That is a part
of the five and a half millions which the writer re-
quires, but the Senator expends* the whole. He
compensates himself, however, somewhat liberally,
by adding two millions to his other supposed ne-
cessities, merely for a Treasury balance. Thus he
reaches seven and a half of his nine and a half
millions, and the remaining two he adds to make
up an apprehended deficiency in tne revenue from
custom . And still the honorable Senator, after
drawing thus liberally upon his imagination for the
probable wants of the public Treasury for this year,
has found himself unable to reacn the measure ol
the bill by two and a half millions of dollars.
As to the two millions allowed in these last cal
cu'ations to meet the new appropriations to be
made at the present session of Congress, it was
worihy of remark that ihs honorable chairman of
the committee had, in one of his calculations, and
that one upon which he seemed principally to rest
himself, excluded the new appropriations recom-
mended for the service of the War Depaitme-nt,
amounting to more than two and a half mil ions
If, therefore, tb's amount was to be sub racted
from the anticipated tour millions of new appro-
priations, matead of allowing two millions for the
wants of this year to meet new appreciations, less
than half that sum will b^ reqctned
Could gentlemen, in 'he tace of these 'acts, p«"s
the Sánate for authority to contract a permanent
debt of twelve millions of d Har^ Could they
justify it to themseive-, or to their country, to give
such a vote1 The nec=-v.ty for such a loan, so rar
from having been proved, had been absolu ely dis-
proved by ibe hi nor ble Senatoi from Mame him-
self, and pinch more strongly disproved by l.e
facts drawn Irom the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and by the c nclusions rep'a ealy pro-
nounced, and in variuu, lorirs, in toe official organ
of their party here, and as it were by author y
Would this motion be futther reside1, m the lace
of such facts?
A brief notice of a single other argument of he
Senator from Maine, and he would relieve the Se-
nate1 That gentleman contends th?t the power to
make loans conferred by this bill ought to be large,
because the holders of he ou standing Treasury
notes may desire to exchange them ior the stocks
to be created, and may force them upon tie Trea-
sury in payment of the public dues to compel
loans, that they may obtain the stocks He has
himself sufficiently answeied tins argument by the
remark, that when the notes not due and payable
are so paid in, ihe Secretary of th * Treasury is au-
thorized by the existing laws to issue o'her Trea-
sury notes in their places, and therefore cannot be
thus compelled to make loans under this act
Were this not so, however, the argument would
bring him to a very different conclusion from that
of enlarging 'he po#er to make ioaus, which were
to b« made under a compulsion so exerci ed, and
for such an object It would prove to him that
this ought to be a Treasury note, and not a Joan
bill, a change of shape for which we would
now most cheerfully give his vote. Gent'e-
men should move cautious y m his matter,
for if they did, by this legislation, put it in the
power ot the holders of tne outstanding six p r
cent. Treasury notes, to compel the Sdcretary of
the Treasury to redeem them by emis ions of six
per cent, stocks having three years' life, they
m ght rest assured the power woula be exetted
Who were the holders uf these notes'! The Se-
nate was not wholly ignorant upon that po it.
A document from the Treasury Department, laid
upon our tables not long since, «hows to whom ail
these notes have been issued since the 4th of
March last, and a glance at the list w ¡1 p-ove that
almost all have been issued to banks, bankers, and
brokers Are they to pay them in voluntarily,
while six per cent interest is running opon them
thus constituting them the most safe and con\ e
nient, and profitable capital a bank can hold1
Certamly not, but put it m their power to torce an
exchange for six per cent • ocks, of th-ee ye ars'
life, and the volitan will be instantly determined
The notes will come in and the stocks will go out
The Senator's argument, therefore, proves too
much, and if it be sound, should be fatal to the bill
in Us present form
Mr YOUNG of Illinois said there was one con-
sideration connected with this twelve millions loan
bill that had not been mentioned, which struck him
as being extraordinary, and, if he mistook not,
wou'd s'rike ihe people as being exlrao dmary—
and it w-s this all knew that an extra sessioi had
been talked of as more than probable previous io
the adjournment of the last session ot Congress,
and that some of the members favorable to the
present Administration were opposed to it—and
that to prevent the pretext for a ca'led se sion,
growm ' out of an exhausted Treasury, a distin-
guished member from Virginia [Mr. Wise] of the
ether Hou«e, then and now a friend of ibis Admi-
station, proposed an amendment to the Treasury
note bill by wmen rive millions more of Treasury
notes could be issued and reissued by the succeed-
ing Administration, appUcab e exclusively to pay-
ments to be made attcr the 3d of March last
No one at that time, h?d asked for any more, and
this sum of five millions, had been cheerfully
voted Besides this, he «aid there remained on
hand in the Treasury, on the fourth of March last,
an unexpended balance of $646 000, making alto-
gether, of available funds when the new Adrmni
stra*ion succeeded to power, of $5,646,000 Well,
ST, said Mr. Y 11 s was thought sufficient on all
sides to enable the Secretary ot tne Tieasnry, with
the accruing revenues ar, n? from th public lands
and the customs, io go lhrougn w th the remainder
of the year—and what now do we hear1 ^hat in
addition to these five millions six hundred and
f-irty-six thousand dollars, we must borrow twelve
millions more, making together the enormous sum
of seven 'een millions % x. hundred pndfrrtysx
thousand dollars and pi this within the first five
monthsof this new ec i omtcal Adov  mration—
and all in addition to the ordinary revenues of the
country Sir, sanl Mr Y will rot the people be
sjiprtseJ—will they not be asonisleed at such ex-
travagance? I h? i supposed, said Mr Y that the
defici' ln ihe Treasury was to be supplied
bv an 'mpon on luxuue—on wmts and
silks, and whatever else might not be deemed
essential to the necessary comfor s of Ufe
—and that, in the mean time, the poner to issue
and reissue, up toihevtry last day of the fiscal
year, five mil ions of Treasury no'es, wou'd suf-
fice Bat the cry is, borrow' borrow "anl no one
can see the end of it. A proposition had been
submitted to reduce the sum provided for by the bill
to six million  of del' it*, this, added to fire millions
six hundred and forty six thousand dollars, avada
ble on the 4tb of March, wt uld make eleven m 1-
hons six hundred and lortvs x thousand dollar',
but tljis proposition, rea onaMe a  it wa«, had
been rejected. If the Bank bill shou'd pass, we
are to borrow ten millions more, and on the hap-
penmy of a certain contingency, sir ¡millions m ad-
dm n to that Sixteen millions in all Tnis ?d-
ded to the seven een million six 'sundrrd and forty-
six thousand do l?rs a'ready author zed, and to be
authorized by the bill under cnsid°ration, would
make a permanent debt upen th" people of the
country of thirty three millions sx hundred and
forty six thousand dollars" And a 1 within the
first half year of tnis self denying, economical At'-
mmistiaton Sir, ( ¡  d Mi Y) are .he people,
after what they have been to'd aoout economy,
prepared for this1 He said th-t thev were willing
to have v A°d on h s side ot tne chamber six mil
lions of dollars, which he tiought pinp'y sufficient
—more than en iugh—but as the S natirsor the
other side hnd thought proper to reject their arnend-
raen', he «hould vote against the bill.
Tne question was then taken on the amend
nient, and it was di^agr^ed to—ayes 21, noes 26
as follows
YEAS—Mes-rs All )), Benton, Buchanan Cal-
houn, Clay of Alazana", Cuthb rt, Futon, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams *Voodbury, Wright, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs Archer,B?irow, Ba'es, Bayard,
Berrien, Clay of Kentucky, C'ayion, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Morebead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, White, and Woodbndge—26.
Mr KING said he was convinced that the Se-
nator? on the opposite side would not vote for any
amendments, even when they are shown by their
own calculations to be necessary and proper. The
statement made by the Senator from New Yerk
[Mr Wright] could not be controverted, and he
asked Senators how they could reconcile it to thetr
consciences to vote for a loan of twelve millions,
when they knew the sum was not wanted and
could not be profitably expended during the
present, or a reasonable portion of the next
year. The Senator from Maine, after in-
cluding all the subjects within his imagina-
tion, for he had not confined himself to the
facts as presented, could only swell the amount to
nine millions Then why contract a loan of twelve
millions, on which we must pay interest for three
j ear ' Is it for the mere pleasure of borrowing?
The Senator from Kentucky«says it is possible an
arrangement may be made to take up the out-
standing Treasury notes. Bat can any arrange-
ment be made which would not be a losing one to
the Government, to change Treasury noies for a
three years' stock, bearing interest? Then why
give the Secretary the means to do a losing busi-
ness? He himself was a plain common sense man,
and did not do business in that way, and he sup-
posed the Secretary was another, but he would net
tiust him or any other Secretary He could add
nothing to the irrefutable statement of the Sena'or
from New York, but he v/ould ask Senators not
to run wildly into a career of íeck'ess extravagance,
not to incur a neavy debt which could not be ex-
pended without great was^e, but to limit it to an
amount which their own statements showed would
be amply sufficent to meet all the demands upon the
Treasury. He would propose, theretore, to strike
out "twelve" millions, and insert "nine." If
this was rejected, the country would decide whether
th s was the Administration of economy and re-
trenchment which it was promised it would be.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr Kins, and it was rejected—
ayes 22, nues 28,as follow-.
YEAS—Messrs. Al en, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hender-
si n, King, Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce,
Sevier,Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright and Young
—22
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayprd,
Berrun, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker, Man-
gum, Merrick, Morehead, PheJps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Pres on, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—26.
Mr BENTON said it seemed that in borrowing
money under this new and economical Admimstra-
tit n a million more or iess was a trifle of such conse-
quence as not to be north talk ng about In the
Bank bill wnich was 'ying o,i ihe table, not dead,
but asleep, there was a pro/ision. authorizing the
Government to borrow one million without the au-
thority of Congress, and this, s=uh the twelve in
the bill be'ore us,makes thir'een millions He had
no objeción to confer authority on the Treasury to
borrow within a given amount to meet appropria-
tions as the money was wanted, and thought this
far better than creating a loan, and placing the
money on wnich we are to piy interest in the
Treasury, whether it is wanted or net, to meet
c ntingencies that may or may not an*e. He
would therefore submit an amendment in the fol-
lowing words
\i d that the sum of two millions of dollars, part and
1 arcel of ihe atoresaid loan be intended for a reserve fund
to leraam in the Treasury to meet contingencies, and shall not
bebo towed except during the reces  of Congrees it «hall be
come necessaiy to boirow the «ame or some part thereof to
meet the appropriations made by Congress an J >or which mo
ney on han J and accruing may t e deemed insurcient •
Mr. B said it was declared by the advocates of
the b 11 that two millions were intended as a re-
served fund. He had no objection to a reserved
fund, but instead of borrowing it on interest, and
putting it in the Bank, he thought it would be bet-
ter to emrast the Administration to borrow it,
which "bould not be exercised until the contrhgén-
