2¿2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cy should arise which would render it necessary.
la military affairs the reserve was not brought into
action until the crisis of the action; and he thought
the analogy a proper one to be observed in the case
under consideration. He held the proper place
for these two millions of dollars to be in the pock-
ets of the lenders, and not in the pockets of the
borrowers. In point of safety it was much better,
and in economy there was no comparison. By
the bill we would have two millions of dollars on
which we were paying interest, lying in the vaults
of the Bank on deposite, and we receiving no inte-
rest on it. It was every way safer and more eco-
nomical to let the money remain wuh the holders
of if, an til tbe Treasury needed its use.
Mr. CLAY said it had been demonstrably
shown that the twelve millions would be wanted,
and much more would be wanted. It had been
shown that this bill only gave authority, like that
given in the case of Treasury notes to borrow the
money as it is wanted. He had therefore voted,
and would vote against all the motions to razee the
bill by various propositions of 6, 9, 10 millions,
and as many more h* supposed as the amount
could be divided Into, until they worried themselvts
and thejSenate, and without intending any di re-
spect, he did not intend to notice the arguments m
favor of them hereafter, and he hoped they would
be voted down
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to—ayes 20, noes 27,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Stniirt oí
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, Piielps, Por-
ter, Prentis , Presión, Simmons Smith of In-
diana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—27
Mr. BENTON said he had another amendment
which did not propose to diminish the amount, nor
to defer any portion <>f it, but was intended to
make the bill harmonize a little more with those
who had constitutional scruples agams uniting the
the purse and the sword He would therefore
move to strike out of the first section—"In his
opimon the exigences of the Government may
require," and insert "may be necessary to satisfy
appropriations made by Congress "
To pass the bill wi hout this amendment would
be to divest Congre% ot ils constitutional power
ove* the means of the Treasuiy, and invest it in
the Executive This, general power with which
the bill invested the Executive was entirely disiinct
from that conferred for special purposes He
thought this was an amendment wh>ch would re-
commend itself to gentlemen on the other tide,
who had heretofore manifested such hostility to the
increase of Executive power, and especially as
it re ated <o his power over the treasure of the
Union.
The question was then taken ou the amendment,
and it was disagreed to—ayes 21, nou, 27, as fol-
lowc-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of AUbama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wal-
ker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—21
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—27
Mr SEVIER said he did not rise to malte a
speech, but to offer an amendment to rectify what
he supposed was a mistake m the bill Mr S.
then sent to the Cnair the following amend-
ment:
"And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful foi
t tie Secretary of the Treasury tore issue any Tieasury note= that
may be hereafter redeemed "'
Mr. S. said the present Administration com-
menced housekeeping, on the 4th of March with
a million of dollars in the Treasury, they were
authorized to issue five millions in Treasury notes,
which we are informed have all been i«sued, the
bill now under consideration provides for twelve
millions more, and the accruing revenue of the
year is estimated by the Secretary at sixteen mil-
lions, these sums, added together, will make thirty-
four millions, and there is a provision in the Bank
bill, for one million mors, making in the whole
thirty-five millions in a single year, which he would
venture to say was more than any Administration,
in a time of peace, had ever before asked for
This was a sample of the new Administration,
which came into power with such professions of
economy and retrenchment in their mouths. Then
he would ask Senators on the other side, to insert
a clause in the bill prohibiting the Secretary
from re-issuing any Treasury notes that may be
hereafter redeemed, and as this would give honora-
ble Senators an opportunity of evincing their an-
tipothies to Treasury notes, he could not imagine
it possible, that there would be any opposition to
tee amendment
Mr HUNTINGTON said be did not choose
to go over the ground which had been already so
often travelled. The Secretary of the Treasury
could not make his payments, if the Senator's
amendment prevailed.
Mr SEVIER said this was a very convenient
way ot getting rid of an argument that could not
be answered, but it did not satisfy him, nor would
it satisfy his constituents, or the country at large
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the argument had
been already answered
Mr ALLEN said he did not think i' had. He
had no thought it was designed to reissue these
Treasury notes, and asked if it was not a fraud
upon the face of the bill, to say in one part of it
that it was a loan to redeem these notes, and in
anotherpart of it their reissue was authorized? He
would like to knew how much the Administration
wanted to borrow. They have already fiiriy-five
millions at commsnd tor the service of the present
year, and, not content with this, they are for exe -
cinng the power of reissue without limit, which
will extend it to nearly fifty millions of dollars in
a single year He thanked the Senator from Ar
kansas [Mr. Sevier} for calling their attention to
this matter, which was so insidiously concealed,
and he called the attention of the Sena'e—not of
the Senate, for there was nothing to be expected
from the majority—but he called the attention of
the country to the enormous amount claimed by
the present administ ation for the first year of it^
ope ations And yet it might all be given to them,
and even it the almost countless treasures of the
East were added, they would also be exhausted
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was negatived—ayes 21, noes 27, as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Fulton, King,
Lmn, McRobers, Nicholson, Pieice, Sevitr, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wl-
liams, Woodbury, Wimht, and Young—21
NAYS—Me«srs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmon's, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wondbndge
—27
Mr CALHOUN said he desired to offer another
amendment, which would be to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a bill for the issue of
Treasury notes On this he wished to submit his
views, and as the hour was late, and we had al-
ready had a long and fatiguing session, he would
move an adjournment
Mr CLAY of Ken'ncky sooke of the neressity
of prompt action on the bill, and hoped the Senate
would not adjourn The bill had been already
discussed at great length, but if the Senator from
South Caoohna had any thing further to offer, he
(Mr C ) would listen to him with great pleasure.
Mr CALHOUN said, only a single day was
asked    The friends ot   the   Administration had
commanding majorities in both Houses of Con-
gress, and yet this bill was not brought forward
until a late period of the session, when it was at-
tempted to be hurried through, without allowing
time for examination and discussion, on the plea of
the urgent exgencies of the Treasury, and yet the
wants of the present year were mixed up wuh
those extending beyond the 4tft of March next. He
was willing that the bill should be reported to tbe
Senate, and with the understanding that but a sin-
gle amendment was to be offered, the vote on the
bill could be  taken on Monday.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said, he must oppose
the adjournment. The subject of Treasury notes
had been deen debated until it wss exhausted, and
he did not imagine that any thing now could be
said upon it.
Mr ALLEN moved an adjournment.
Mr CLAY called for the yeas and nays.
The question on adjournment stood-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bales, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hunungton, Ker,
Mangum, Merrick, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss Pres'on, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, and White—25.
Mr WRIGHT then moved to renew the amend-
ment which had been proposed by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr Sevier,] and was rejected.
We were told by the Senator from Mam? [Mr
Evans] that there were ten millions of Treasury
rotts outstanding, and the object of the loan cre-
ated by this bill was to redeem them, but under Us
provisions every note may be reissued. He (Mr.
W.) bad not taken the full ¡«cope of the proposi-
tion when it was ñVt submitted by his friend
from Arkansas, [Mr Sevier ] but the debate
which succeeded it convinced him of its impor-
tance, and he thought it was not possible that it
could be rejected. This bill proposes to confer
the power ot borrowing twelve milli ns, and the
power to reissue Treasury not s to the extent of
six or eight million, making together eighteen or
twenty millions Tlusconfers power on the Execu-
tive over the Treasury and the credit of the nation
in duplicate He knew that it might have the ap-
pearance of disrespect towards the Senate to re-
offer an amendment which had been rejected, but
hp had done it m hopes that Senators might turn
their attention to it He had been engaged for
two days in arguing with the Senator from Maine
[Mr Evans] against taking up these Treasury
notes before rliey were due, but he had no expecta-
tion that it was contemplated to have the loan and
the notes both in operation
Mr. BUCHANAN had imagined this was a
mistake, and that it would hi corrected without
difficulty. If it was not a mistake, would any Se-
nator defend n? Did the majority intend to give
the power to the Executive to issue, in addition to
this loan of twelve millions, six or seven millions
in Treasury notes He would yield the floor most
cheerfully for an explanation.
No one could demonstrate the necessity of rais-
ing more than six millions in addition to its pre-
sent resouices to enable the Treasury to carry orf
its operations for the year. It was an element
of Bulish liberty, and of liberty every where,
that the supplies are only provided for the 'cur-
rent year, except for permanent appropna
tuns, and bejond ths' the revenues are
m the control of the Legislature Now
this bill conferred the privilege of borrowing
in addition to the twelve millions m the bill, six or
seven millions more by the reissue of Treasury
notes For his own part, he preferred the form of
a loan to Treasury notes, but he thought no Sena-
tor would contend for the justice or legality of re-
issuing six millions of notes, which this bill pro-
vides the means to redeem. He repeated, that he
considered it a mistake, and hoped there would be
no opposition to the amendment.
Mr EVANS thought that gentlemen were labor-
ing under a great mistake.   The Secretary had no
