£30
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Leaving a balance of        •         -         - 652,000
Amount of appropriates foi 1841                  -            485,000
Whole amount of available means to all the fortifica-
tions for 1S4.1     •                             •                   1,137,000
Of that balance fer the specific work? m this bill the
amount is        ....                      784,025
Leaving for other works than those in this bill, for 1841, *3o2 9/ 5
If this bill passes, then, a* it is, the whole amount will be
Tor the woiks in this bill the available means for 1841
aie                            .....$781,028
Appropriated by the bill                     -                   . OiO.oOO
1,721,025
Already available for other woiks not in this bill, as
above.......352,975
Whole amount to all the foitifications for 1S41 will
be                                                           •          2,077 000
Amount expended since 1st April                            •  292,000
Amount now proposed to be expended m the remain
lng n e and a half months ol 1841, foi all the fortín
onions •                             -         -                     1,785000
Mr DAWSON resumed, and explained that owing to the
power granted by law to the Depu intent to transfer appropua
tions from one wotk to another, ihe whole amount on hand
for the laatyear might be exp ndtd on Northern work*, and
"Wtien the season came for working on the southern coast the
Department might be left without a dollar to app y in that por
tion of the Union
In reply to the outcry of extiavagant appropiiatione 51¡ I>
reminded gentlemen m the Opposi lor that if they should pass
every bill that had been leported, (he appropriations would be
lesa by 8100000 than in any of the pieceding twelve yt.it
From the comniencementof General Jackson's Administration,
down to the close of Mr Van littrtnS the whole sum expend
ed on foiufications had been &IOWO0 , be n" halfa&much
as hid been ex¡ ended on sncli objects Irom the beginning
ot the Government In the list yen of the hero of Oileans
¡S2,0al,000 had been appropnated in expectation ol a Tren h I
war                                                                                                     i
Mr D ^leired to the General tppieheiis-ion nnv felt thitex
tsting difficulties ¡night i-sin mwir, and ho was ptoceedmg,
when
Mr CLIFPORD put to hint, whithci the mditaiy committee
mten led to íepoit a bill ioi new works'!
Mr D dil not seem giatitied by the interruption,',against
which he re noi ¡mated, ds not quae ci orteou
Mi DAWSON resumed A genlleman fiom Maine had
said that "he hoped loi a wai " If Maine wanted war, she
could gtt it The gentleman h id said that this Administration
could not he driven into a wai 1 uin-msse like t is, coming
froman irresponsible quaitei not cluiged wifh 111 gtneialtle
fence of the nation, was c as\ tun v ¡&u propel? / isithecom
ingl And was it genelotis lust to ( e the \dmi , jtun with
taunts like tin se, mil ¡hen lclu t u vote the nee t n> ippro
puatiorts for defence?
Ho rominile I th^ gentleman li un M une oí i iat had been
the course ol Con'rtss wlnn he called tin nit tj deteml hei
saw lesson the An ostnol,, the Go%ei mm nt !n< nstanlly in
thomed hei to i ust 50 000 \olimtc< r* ind h id t ''fed len mil
lions lor her aid and now when ihi ( o >lm h 1 icui burnt,
and the patnotlsm and i hivahyi f iliesantltin i 1 nofirgimi
said liangMdeod on the * iy <- nt now they I I back md
let out all then valor in ifilltii _, Mi D thought ti t cloud thick
enmg, aridif wardid a ise tin Snub wasihe wet ¡v pumt, and
would first be open toan nucir On tint whole coast theie
was scaice a nut that could m >p i (ii°ait
Mr D appealed to his lunncr touiso to shoiv that he had
ever been reidy to advoe Hi tin mteitsis o( the whole lountry
equally and alike itwisstiut t to him t( "-ee ho jv gentlemen
could convert i measuie hki ill it n >w beloie ¡ho < ommilu e
litoapnfy ijuctlon lie (tin] riidlho com t espeeitll) (1
Mr McKjvy, on tin piesuit otearon, \\i it if in 1SÍÍ,, whtn
he voiedlor Mr lieulon s 1 ill ituifiy i| piopinttng two mil
lion five hunihed in I three th i in I dollars, nlvihith ten
templated the fuithei íppiopiii n n ol tin millions Yit the
gentleman hal act used >Ii Lwnic; and Mr ( i Hienden of opj (s
insr the natío ud d* te c< be( ui t ¡tu> hid u| i iw 1 that bill
Hiw stood the vole I Tin re w, it [In n un s ol ( ilhoun, f I ly,
( rittendtn, Lwmg, Ming mi, Mo u 1'ieston md   uitli ad
Tho gent eman s party weit loi _ivmg the whiih suiplus fund
ol ihe Pieasury foi loriifu itions a I the gentlem m denounced
all who oppobed th s as i loptu ,, a niga ndty iiolicy, and op
posed to the defence ol the ci untiy md while be thus de
nounced euc i men is Twing and Crittenden fur their votes
against this hill, why did the eentlem m take care to leave uut
thi fact that Mr < alhoun hail \oten with themi
Mr 1> had asked him to rent ¡I e mmis ml his courteous
reply hall ten, "read them yourself ' llns &howed ihc^e ui
inenat reol pirty leeling in tAtin.uisliu > all sense ol tus
tice M D spoke with gnat wiinuli 11 letln g on the impu
tatlon thit this was I ill i> ere i f jobs und piovide contiacts
for pi line ll filen Ja f o lid Mr D believe liihu lylerwou'l
recommend a me isure with s tch ends in view, he would de
nounre bim he w mid not tru t him m ptiv ite lite as an ho
nest man lie concluded bv earnestly invol inj the patiion^m
of gentlemen on all sidisnl the Honst m time of peaceto pie
pare foi wai md oot, while pioteeting the Nouh 'o leave the
Whole South defenceless
Mr D bavintr concluded, the Chaimi tngave (he Hooi to
Mi JONE&of Maryland, who sd ¡hit he disnel to submit
«orne remarks, but that, as tin horn \as jxUui0 late, he would
move that the toini linee r se
Which motion piewilin" ¡he c unim tee use, reputed pro
gresg an 1 ibiunidl avt to   it a j n
Mr iRWIN of Penusvln u (reseño 1 (lie , lemoiiai til
rumoro is eitwens of Pi l-i ui in f ! u *M i t \ i vngiheesia
fjlish nef t oi a is ulon il Í ink win h rn m mi ot Mr I
vas refcired to1 the select co u ¡ue li n enaigc of the
abject
lupuisnme   of no ice I eteiolrit   iVvl
Mr  HUN <    iske' '^nve   o ¡   loii e   t  ll       ) u vi eanl
on mucin 1( ni 1 u two  v           the   ¡ct  i| j i   \   ¡111  icb 10,
63^ eninlei   An act s ij pleintnti \ f ) ai  a f in lfled ui   acf
o additnion 'o t le ai t lui tht pm is mt   t o! cuiam crimes
«gainst the United States   md to  ttoea! ¡he a< ts   therein m°n
uned,'" approved ¿Olh A pul ih s
Mr II expk ned that he tad a! >pte<! this coarse msieado''    ,
introducing a resolution, which he supposed he would not,
undertheiules, be abletogeyn He considered the matter to
be one of greatimportance and his object was to have the bill
refeired to the Committee on theJudiciaiy
1 he lull having been read once by its title—
Mr  BRLWSTER rose and ob.ectcd to its introduction
On motion of Mr BRIGGS,
1 he House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 20, 1841.
Memorials and petitions were presented by
Messrs. FORTER and TALLMADGE, and laid
on the table.
From citizens of Michigan, for the establishment
of  National Bank.
From citizens oí New York, from St. John's,
New York; also, from citizens of Beading, Penn-
sylvania, in favor of a bankrupt law.
Mr. McROBERTS rce and said, that in eonse
quence oí ill health, he wa^. not in the Senate l«st
evening when ihe vole was taken on the passage
of the loan bill, and as he was thu« prevented from
recording his vote, he had n en to «ay that if he
had been present, he should have voted agsiast it
The resolution submittf d by Mr. Buchanan some
days since, calling for the names of persons re-
moved since the 4th March, 1841, and amended by
Mr. Mangctm, so as to include rtmovals made since
the 4ih March, 1829, to the 4th March, 1841, being
under c nsideration—
Mr. BENTON concluded the discussion on Mr.
Buchanan's resolution, calling for the names of
those removed and tho e appointed lo office. Mr.
B. went to the origin of this system of proscription,
as introduced by Sir Robert Walpole, as a means
of corruption, and be traced ihe motives of the pre-
sent pro'cribers to the same source, by showing ihe
circumstances of the application, the rule then and
now Ui be ihe same Mr Benton exemplified ihe
abuse of the power oi removal very strikingly m his
own State.
Mr LINN asked the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of the resolution, and afterwards withdrew ihe
call.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
ihe re olu'wn and carried.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported th« House bill for the exten-
sion of the port of New Orleans without amend-
ment, and recommended that it be laid on the table.
The bill from the House miking appiopnation3
for fortifications and the suppression of Indian
hostilities, was twice read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affans.
FISCAL BANK.
The Senate then proceeded to ihe consideration
of the bill to incorpórale the subscribers to the Fis-
cal Bdnk of tSe United State ; «hen
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut opened the argu-
ment on the constitutionality ol incorporating a
National Bank. He questioned the power of ihe
Supreme Court to control the people of this coun-
try in the exercise of their political righls by a de-
cioion affecting ihe Constitnuon This point, with
the rectitude of decision itself, which he denied,
he argued at great length, and with ability.
Mr. NICHOLSON then n oved an amendment
to the effect that nothing contained m the bill
should take away or impair the right of any State
to tax the real and personal property of said Bank,
including its debts due on account, its notes, b.lls,
bonds, mortgages, coniracis, and public stocks,
whether ihe same was in possession or under the
immediate management of said Bank, or any per-
son, agent, or trustee, in the same manner that
States had the right lo tax their own institutions
Mr NiCHOLSON said, that the amendment
which he offered was copy of one offered in 1832,
wnen the quesuon of rechartenng the United Stales
Bank v a. before ihe Senate. On tha' cceas'on
iwenly-ttio S.iMlors ¡vd voied for the proposun n,
and amongst them he was giaifie! lo find the
names of the two Senatois frrm Tennessee,
Messrs. Grundy and While, as ttell as the present
President of the Unttd Stale, He had no wrh
to deoaie the amendment—it object w, s plriin and
smp'c It declared ihe right tf the Stale to tax
the Bank of the United Sia'rs m ihe same man-
rer, and to the same extent that Ihe Sia'es might
tax their own bankng  institutions,    There was
fall security that the light to tax the Bank would
not be used oppressively, because the same tax
imposed by a State on its o«n banks, was to be
imposed on the Fiscal Bank. He regarded the
principle as just and fair, and he hoped the amend-
ment would be adopted.
Mr. CLAY hoped the amendment would not
prevail: the effect would be to place the bank in
the power of the State The Senator said the ob-
ject was not to tax the bank higher than the State
did its own. Suppose any wild feeling against
banks should induce them to tax their own so as
to destroy them? The States already had the
power to tax the property of the bank and the
stockholders, but ihey had no right to tax the cor-
poration it*elf.
Mr. BENTON said this question of taxation
had been exiensively argued. It was argued ihat
the States were sovereign, that when they came
into the Confederation they delivered up a part
of their sovere gn power. Among the exceptions
which the States made lo their r.ght of taxation,
this Bank was not found. It was true that the
Supreme Court nodded towards to the idea that
it was free from laxation, but it was equally true
that their whole argument turned on the words
"necessary and competent," applied to the mother
Bank. This decision v ith reference to ihe Bank
was correct. They then went on and said the same
construction applied to their branches Here was
the error. Congress decided it was perfectly im-
material to ihem whether branches were established
in the Slates or not. By virtue of the rights of the
States these institutions were taxable, and if one of
them came within the limits of his State it would be
seen whether they had the taxing power.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, if the proposition
of ihe Senator from Missouri was correct, the
amendment was entirely unnecessary. The Su-
preme Court nodded, the Senator ■had said This
was rather singular, in deciding a great constitu-
tional quesuon, that the Supreme Court should nod.
The question resolved it-elf into this, whether any one
of the twenty-six States had the power to destroy a
branch; and if they were prepared for that, they
might vote for the amendment. He hoped it would
not be adopted.
Mr. BENTON said the corporation went into
the State for the purpose of making money, and
must be liable to taxation.
Mr CLAY of Alabama said this right of taxa-
tion belonged to all the Sta'es, without the provi-
sion now made, and was indispensable to sove-
reignty. It was expressly provided that (he States
should tax none of the public lands within their li-
mns—'hus allowing the right of taxation. Could
it be supposed that a Slate should have a right of
taxing institutions from other Ststes equal to the
amount they taxed ih"ir own? The right existed
and could not be destroyed, and unless the States
voluntarily surrendered the right, they had the un-
doubted right to tax property of either institution
in their limits. On what pnnciple of propriety
should this be an exception? Did ihey give any
bonus? No. When they were confirming these
important exclusive privileges of banking on certain
individuals without bonus, and giving them the in-
terest on their exchanges without taxation.
Mr. SEVIER said no one would have dreamed
of exempting this institution from taxation, had it
not been decided by thtf Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted S ate-i. What was the difference between tax-
ing the Bank, and taxing pedlers, bankers, and
brokers? They taxed their own banks, and why
should they not this foreign corporation? If they
taxed ibeir own brokers, why •shauld they not this
great mammoth bn kei? He could see no reason,
from expediency or right, that they should not tax
this Bank.
Mr NICHOLSON s¿id: I f m aware, Mr Pre-
sident, that ihe friends of the Bank are deposed to
regard the propositi ns for amending ihe b.ll which
originate on this side of ihe S nale, with some de-
gree of su-picion. Suppo ing that our object is to
embarrass and, if possible, defeat lie measure, I
am not surprised that tney en'ertam such suspi-
cion . But I beg of them not to attribute to me any
such purpose in offering this amendment.   I hayp
