CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'235
why it should be  objected  to, and would say no
more until some reason was offered.
Mr. CLAY did not mean in saying that the
general charter was like the charter of 1816, to bay
it should be prec sely the same—by no means
This amendment deprived the Government of an
immense advantage. If the stock rose, it ought 10
be in the power of the Government to sell it He
hoped the stock would be sent abroad. He thought
it would command much higher prices than in the
United States. He had just heard from a friend
who had just returned from Europe that money
had accumulated, and loans were making at three
or four per ct nt. on the continent. It ought to be
sent abroad for another reason; it would add so
much to the existing specie means of the country.
It was proposed to wuhdraw about six and a half
mill ions of dollars from a dormant condition, o r f rom
the acuve fund, in bu->me% till the Bank was or-
ganized. He thought it ought to be organized at
the first instalment, but not to go into active ope-
ration till the second. This alternative which ihe
Government possessed, of either buying or selling
the stock, was valuable, of which it ought not to
be deprived.
Mr. CALHOUN *aid he did not apprehend that
there «as the slightest probability that this stock
would sell above par either in this country or in
Europe. There will be in the mark°t, competing
with it, the twelve millions of Uniied States stock
issued under the loan bill, bearing «ix per cert inte-
rest, and payable in three years; while this ten mil-
lions for Bank stock will bear but five p r cent in-
terest. He did not consider there was any thing m
the argument that the stock ought to be sold m Eu
ropo ¡or the purpose of bringmg ten millions of ad-
ditional capital mio this country. From íecent ac-
counts of the state of the stock market there, he
doubled if the stock could be sold at all without a
sacrifice. The States of this Union were already
indebted here to the amount of two hundred mil-
lion  of dollar^ and if there is a farther debt in-
curred of ttn millions to raise subscriptions for this
Bank, and twelve millions authorized by the loin
bill, the whole will be two hundred and twenty-
two millions. Now it is a fallacy to suppose this
additional twenty-two milhons will cene to this
country in gold and silver, and remain here. It
would be as absurd to suppose that a quantity of
water lifted out of one part of a great body of wa
ter and poured into another, would increase the
quantity of the particular spot wl tie it was poured
in. It either fio -vs back to fill up the place from
which it «as taken, or forces back an equal quan-
tity. This twenty-two millions would go back
through the natural channel to Europe, increasing
the imports of this country, and diminishing the
exports. But there is not even the probability of a
temporary possession of so much gold and silver,
for the p oeeedsof thisstrck, if sold in Europe—for
it will not be paid in specie—will be paidwcredi s
there, to be drawn on, either in payment of debts
due by this country, or for imporis; and the effect
will be to loosen the necessity for our exports to
that amount, which would otherwise be requisite
te provide for those debls and imports. It is ob-
vious, then, that there is nothing in this argument
of the Senator from Kentucky, that the capital of
the country will be increa-ed, much less the gold
and silver. But there is another advantage, he
imagines, in the effect the sal  o* the stock all at
once in Europe would produce—that of setting the
Bank into immediate operation. He thought that
there was at the basis of this a fear that the Siock
would not be taken It had produced all the enor-
mous fluduahons whicn had been connected wnh
the Bank for years. A great point to bo observed
was, in launching this into operation all at once,
which could not be done without disturbing the
whole moneyed system of th: country, and endan-
geting its existence. This was one o the great
causes which involved tíe Bank in 1816, '17, and
'18 He then opposed H on the same ground, but
was overruled, and the result ci it was ihe nrc d
operation of tne Bank, and the r^u t of that the
tremendous reaction vhch nearly prostrated the
Bank. If this amendment prevailed he would ot-
fer another, that the stock should be sold gradually.
Now the true policy of the gentlemen, for their
own credit, was, in his opinion, to let the bill be
so amended that the Bank could not go into ope-
ration till the whole of the stock was subscribed.
There is no necessity, so far as the country is con-
cerned, for this great haste to put this Bank into
operation before its subscription is complete. The
necessity and impatince exist only with the bor-
rower , who want to become stockholders without
any money in their pockets to subscribe. The
State banks are numerous; they have issued
as much paper currency as the state of things
will warrant; and that Bank cannot come into
operation prematurely without disturbing the whole
system, and at the same time destroying itself by a
palpable demonstration that the same humbug for
getting up this Bank is resorted to which was re
sorted to m the getting of former United States
Bank If thts Bank is to be the pure and improved
fiscal agent which the Senator promises, it will
move sofily and gently so as not to injure or dis-
turb, by sudden plunges of rashness, the general
harmony. The Senator ptoposes to convert the
stock all at once into active capnal. What will
be the consequence? The derangement and sus-
pension of all the business op-rations, discounts,
and exchange dealings of the other banks Mr
Calhoun next alluded to the discussion on the
charter of the old United States Bank
The necessity or propriety of a sudden effort to
go into business—of interfering rashly with other
banking institutions—of adding loo prematurely to
the currency of the ccuntry, are all things which
the Directory, wnh ihe pssent of Congress, should
decide Let tuem decide th«se ma ters, not wuh a
mere e^e to the wi-hes of needy borrower  and
speculators, but upon hish principles of national
policy Let them decide wheiher it would be
good policy or not to sell out all the stock at once,
or to do it gradually, and so as not to cause
any shock on Ihe monetary arransemems cf the
countiy. If he (Mr Calhoun) should succeed in
c btz imog ih  to íient of the Sei ate to thts amend
ment, he would propose to add another proviso
similar to that m the old charter of the United
States Bank, limiting the sale of the Government
st'ick to two millions a year. It should be kept in
mind that the m ney has to be borrowed—indeed
it should never be lost sight of, that this Bank was
to be a Bank made up out of borrowers alto
gether.
Mr CLAY said it was a simple proposition-
shall ihe Government retain or part with the power
of selling or subscribing for the stock? The Se-
nator went on the assumption that it would not be
above par—if so, ths Government would be the
subscnbei. The money market of Continental
Europe was never easier than at pre en . Tnere
was no Government in Europe where stock would
oon mand a higher price than the stocks of the
Uniied Staici, which had paid off all the r debts
The que-tion wheiher we can contract a loan for
less than sit per cent, was demonstrated by the
fact that Treasury notes were selling at five and
two-fifths per cent. The alternative ought to be
retained to Government, of subscribing or selling
the stock, according to the state ot the money mar-
ket He hoped the amendment would not be
adopted It was a mo t valuable privilege to al-
low Ihe Government to buy Ihe «toek abroad
Mr. CALHOUN had s>id not one word about
American credit abroad He wished, a¡> far as his
action went, to make this Bank as safe to the pub-
lic as ihey could. The wddtst of all topxs was to
bnn? specie rrom abroad, it would return again
The dao?erous point was in, launching this machine
at present.
The Senator from Kentucky was in haste to
take advantage of the premium to be obtained in
the European market He (Mr. Cílhoün) did
believe it wou'd be better the Bank «Hould loss 10
percent, p-emium and not go into rpera'inn until
all her stick v"as subscribed m gold and silver.
He wa , rowoier, uady to offer a compromise to
the Sena ( r from Kentucky-— hev had once before
in iheir t' /es compromised—let this be the second
i,me If the Senator from Kentucky will con<ent
to the modification that let the Government sell the
ktock for what it will, the proceeds at par shall be
paid into the Bank in gold and   silver.   Will  the
Senator do «hat?
Mr. CLAY. That is only the same in. substance
as a former proposition.
Mr CALHOUN said it was not a requisition to
sell at a piemium, but merely to pay the amount
of the stock into Bank as a subscription in gold
and silver.
Mr. CLAY, (consideringly.) Yes, sir; I under-
stand.
[There was a consultation of a few moments
amongst a few Senators ]
Mr. CALHOUN. Now, he offered this modifi-
cation; will ihe Senator accept it? It is this: that
the Government may sell the stock at any time by
paying the amount at par into the Bank in gold
and silver.
Mr. CLAY.   Certainly not, sir.
Mr CALHOUN. So I thought. I guessed that
would be the test point. I knew where the shoe
would pinch—and that was the reason I pressed
the matter home.
Mr CLAY. Will the Senator allow me to ex-
plain?
Mr. CALHOUN.   Certainly, sir.
Mr. CLAY explained.
Mr CALHOUN said that the proper time for sel-
ling ihe stcck, and ihe quantity tobe sold at a time,
should be decided by Congress and the directory,
and not by ihe Secretary of the Treasury. But as
the Senator has declined the proposition just made
to hi p, he (Mr Calhoun) held that the whole of
his argument was brushed away, and the only point
now left, is the alleged obj-ct in sending (he stock
abroad foi sale, of bringing gold and silver into
tms country. But he (Mr. Calhodn) had already
shown that ihey c< uld not remain here; they would
seek their natural channels, and immediately flow
back to where they came from It has been pre-
tended that the country is to get immediate relief
by the early operations of this Bank. No, it is
not the countrj—for he would tell the gentlemen
that if ihey put their Bank into operation before the
Sack is actually paid iu in good faith, there
will be one of the most tremendous reactions ever
seen in this country within the first year ot its ex-
istence. Instead of being a regulator, it will be a
breaker down of the currency, and, like all other
bubble*, of becoming 1. ndsr-, by being borrowers,
it wul burst, and prove the gieatest of all the hum-
bugs jet experimented with on the country.
It is to go mte operation before it is readv,
and that at the expense and on the credit of the
Government, with ten millions collected every
where, and put into the hands of nine directors, that
they may lend it out to those who borrow it, that
it may enable them to borrow still more, and force
the institution prematurely to go in debt seventy-
five per cent, beyond its capital for their accommo-
dation.
Afier a slight modification by Mr King, the vote
on the amendment was taken, and negatived, as
follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, City of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouion, Nicholson, Pierce,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wal-
ker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—
21
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Clay of Kentucky, Clayion, Dixon, Evans,
G'aham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sauihard, Tallmadge.White, and Woodbndge—26.
Mr. CALHOUN offered an amendment, in the
14ih fundamental article, to strike out all between
the hue 154, and t>e word "if" in line 169, and in-
sert a provwon that half-yearly dividends be made
of the nett profit of ihe Bank, as shall appear ad-
visable, not exceeding three and a half per cent.
for anv one year,allowing for the expenditures of the
Bank, providing that it does not exceed— percent,
per annum on the capital of the Bink, and a sum
not exceeding.-----dollars for the erection of build-
ings and all excess ts be paid over to the Treasurer
of the United Stales, but if it at any time they fall
short of ihree and a half per cent. Congress sb H,
