CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ú9
He would not, by implication, sanction such a pro-
position by his vote. If the States had not the power
to do it, there might be some plausibility for them
to do it here.
Mr. WOODBURY said he wished this bill to
extend to the State, banking institutions ior these
reasons:
Because such institutions came within every
principle involved in the bankrupt laws.
Not that the stockholders in them, as in the pri-
vate banking-houses of Europe, were bankers by
profession, and, therefore, liable in their own per-
sons to be proceeded against as bankrupts. No:
they were usually capitalists, whose spare funds,
and not their time, or labor, or professional busi-
ness were devoted to banking.
But the institutions or joint stock banking cor-
porations were, as corporations, devoted to the bu-
siness of banking as much as private bankers; and
hence were, on a like principle, liable like them to
be embraced in a bankrupt law.
The artificial person, or bank, was employed in
banking, its funds hazarded to merchant's and navi-
gators like those of the pri.ate banker; and on the
other hand, ití duties to b? punctual in paymrnts
and redemptions of its obligations werp a-¡ impera-
tive, and, indeed, more so, than that of the p.ivate
banker. Indeed, penalties were affixed to several
of the neglects of these artificial persons, and
every reason of benefit or punishment connected
with the bankrupt system, applied with even greater
force to them than to private bankers.
Again: the consequences of including them were
much more important to rociett; not merely to
their bill holders and depo-tiiors, but even to iheir
stockholders and the community at large.
The bill holders would obtain their money
sooner, and the community would at once get rid
of a depreciated currency; which, while tolerated,
would always, drive out, for the time being, a sound
currency.
The stockholders, also, were interested to know
how their funds rcal'y stood. Had their capital
been lost or not? Had their servants or officers
been unfaithiul, or only unfortunate? And after
paying quickly, as they ought, all honest dues, they
could then decide judiciously, if their franchisee
were not forfeited or revoked, whether to go on or
not.
This course would likewise prove the most em
cient in preventing suspensions of specie payments,
as well as the restoration of them. On this point
he reíd from Mr. Appleton's pamphlet, whom he
regarded as a statesman as vrelt as a merchant.
Mr. BERRIEN leplied at length against th';
adoption of the amendment. He ihought difficul-
ties might occur in arranging the details and the
classing of judicial interests with the S'ste and Uni-
ted Slates courts. Another insuperable objection
was, that ¡he banks were 'abormg under embarrass-
ments, fro a the present prrsirate condition of com-
merce, and the provisions ni" this act could not b.-
extended to them without acting on the whole in-
debted community.
Mr. NICHOLSON said as the Senator from
Georgia had opposed the amendment because iM
others were not offered, he would state the sub-
stance oí them, wi.h the declaration that if ih;s
prevailed, he would offer them, providing that
whenever any banking corporation, except those
owned in part or the whole by S'ates, should fail,
for thirty days, to redeem it , notes in spece, they
should be liable to become bankrupt; and if, after
the first of July, 1842, they should decline to re-
deem their notes in specie, it should bi the duty of
the Attorney General of the United States, or of
the district where the branch ,vas situated, to ap-
ply to the Supreme Court for an injunc'ion to re-
strain the Bank from further dealing, and a divi-
dend to be then made of its effects.
He had still retained the principle of excluding
those banks which were in part or the whole owned
by States. H*t did not doubt the constituiionality
of Including th-jm, but he prop .wed in the amend-
ment to confine the operations of the bill to a par-
ticular class of banks, He did not believe that the
bankrupt bill, as applicable to banks, ought to take
place, until sufficient time was given for their re-
sumption.   The amendment, then, would be fixing
the time prospectively for this to commence ope-
ration,to a distance when ample opportunity would
be sriven for the banks to resume.
His object was to obtain an expression of opi-
nion, and if the amendment prevailed, be should
propose his others, and that they, wt<h the bill, be
referred back to the committee. With reference to
the arguments of his friend from Arkansas, [Mr.
Sevier,] it was clear, that if they depended on the
action of the States, a uniform system would never
be adopted applicable to all banks, scattered as
they were through twenty-six States. It was on
this ground, and not from a distrust of the intelli-
gence of the S'ates, that he brought this forward.
Mr. WALKER said the project of including
banks had always been favorable to him, since it
was first proposed m 1837.   He believed were this
included in a bankrupt  bill, it might pass both
Houses with almost perfect unanimity, and he was
very sorry to hear the Senator from  Georgia op-
pose this.    What was the ground of his objections?
The difficulty of settling the details.    Tnis might
be urged with equal force  to a bankrupt  law,  in
any of its operations     As to the clashing of this
law with State law, there would  be no difficulty,
because the Supreme Court had twice decided that
the laws passed   by   Congress took  precedence.
Whv was me power to regulate commerce given
to the General Government, %vhen each S'ate  to
some ex'enl ivgulated its own commerce?    It  was
to produce uniformity throughout the S¡ates; and
so with a bankrupt law.    It was said that we were
not to exercise tai , because  it was infringing on
State power; be would tell those who made the ob-
jeción, that it was an  argument against the Con-
stitution, and the  whole interests of the country.
The States were as much interested in having a
¡specie currency in the Sta'es adjacent to them as in
their own borders.    It wis this want of uniformity
which had nearly broken vp commerce.    Every
Stite in the Union had an equal  interest in   this,
because of irtcir constant interchanges with each
other.   The power given  by the several State.,' to
this Government, was the same as they originally
possessed, with the restriction only, that of uni-
formity.                                                         '   .
Mr. NICHOLSON explained, and recapitulated
his reason'' for su.tainin-r his amendment.
Mr. SEVIER said he considered the applica-
tion of a banVrupt law to lnc.il banks was aright
properly belonging to the States themselves, and it
should be left to them. There wa* no proof that
the States desired any interference on the part of
Congress with (hoir local institutions. Had any
State applied to Congress to j. ass a bankrupt law
affecting these local bank ? Not one: then what
right had Co-gress to force it upon them. It was
a part, of their own sovereign power to create and
control corporation*. They were be*t judges of the
effect which a bankrupt law, applied to their banks,
would have on their own community. Hitherto
they had ac'ed on the principle of avoiding the
pressure which would be occasioned by the banks
b-ing compelled to coerce payment from 'heir
debtors; and--hy should they pot now he left the
free exercise of the same discretionary power? He
was opp-sed to the a-uend,nenr, and should vote
against it.
Mr. B&YARD pave his vews m support of
the principle of the anK-i.dn-.ent. He should not
vote for i1, because it was defective, and was not
sufficiently comprehensive in its privsi ns. He
moved to strike out the f Mowing pan of the
amendment: 'except those m whi.'fl 'he stock is
owned wholly or in part by a State, or for which
a State is responsible "
Mr. HENDERSON would go for the modín
cation, and would then oppose the whole amend-
ment as an invasion of the sovereignty of the
States, of wh ch t'.c corporations sow proposed
to b- brought under the ju.isdiction of the Federal
Government, were bat emanations.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama opposed the proposi
tion cf Mr. Bayard. White he thought it was a
matter of great doubt, whether the Federal Go-
vernment had the right to exercise jurisdiction over
any corporation created by State authority, he was
clear and decided in the opinion that they had no
power over those in which the States had an in-
terest. He entertained difficulties at any rate, as
to the power* of Congress to intermeddle with
State corp nations. In the Convention ihat
framed the Constitution, the question of giving the
ri ht of thi; Government to create corporation.-, was
voted down by eight to three. When be con-
nected with this fact, that, cl.msc of ¡ha Coñstiiu-
tion that provided, that all poversnotgranted therein
remained with the Sales or the people, heVcn-
ceived this to be one cf the reserved p.iwers of the
States. He consequently doubted their power to
interfere at all with State corporations, bat when
the amendment was made so much bio&der, ho
could not hesitate a moment to go against it. The
State of Alabama ha^ a State bank and four
branches vlitih were owntd exclusively by the
State, and she also owned a pr,<porti-..n in other
banks. U ¡der this view,- he could not votj for this
amendmen', and thereby agre.; 10 hive the St.ite of
Alabama l.iongbtup before any tribunal a.; a bank-
rupt, to 'ar as rega'ded th« States or any.portion'
of the mto.est of Ins State or at.y other, be should
not vote f i it.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut s;d>l a b?rik which
had a soui J capitil, would n't fe.:r i.¡e .meratlon
of this bill. As all lh« banks in his Sute were
sound, it i.-as a matter of litlic interés,', to hi* State
whether « .e amendment was adopted or not. It
had been urged against llic amrndm-nt, that it
would tend to bring the powers o: the General Go-
vernment .md the Slate Govenuniulf )"io confiis't,
but the iss'ie might as well be mad.- iiow s>s at any
time. He hart no doubt of the ihh'. pnsyssed by
theGenenl Government ovr-i the who <• snbj'Ot,
but as ihcu- was aditierer.es of opYi.j.i as to ¡he
extent it n-ight be proper to c my it, he was w.l-
ling to yiei'j apoition ;„r he , be o b.ainius? a
part, and h; would thi-rvti-r 'opp "c ;':■•': modifica-
tion of t'.'p amendment.
Mr. BENTON said many <■•' I; s;,v r.dV.
prepared to vite on this r-ucud-r :m, •• ->(■ i.
propose tint it be printel, «ad ;ie over 'ill
row moróme.
Mr. B;:REiENtí!Íd she cis-icr bid bren repeat-
edly before the Senate, am' ,".•- I': y were smch be-
hind the H ¡use, he hoped no deiai v/r «Mb  made.
Mr BENTON then m 'Vr.i i, \x>, the bill .,n the
s 17.
:• re- not
.- would
■o-i:.'or-
,e ;r f"-> .Urn to '
!i..l! Vht. motion
o-mi-rov/ morn-
;-. i .'c Kreeutivc
t',." ban'mop. bill
-it i
hs
table, whieb v/es cintro—-ayes 2-
The CM UR .-iitwune- ; : >-.l ,
lay the bill oa the iaL.V: pa van ,
Mr, CL<VY of Kentucky. _ \v
prevails? Tnen I ge'.i noi.c t: i
ing I will take op the Brink :   1.
Mr.TALLMADGC-i < <<Ui
session.
Mr. CLAY moved to t.i'.e '<P
new; and oo that call-M i* o jea- a :.i r.a; -. .
Mr. TALLMAD3E wrhdrcn. h s motion, and
the question b -mg on "¡b<- motion to t: c  up the
bankrupt bill, Mr. CLAY apr.e >d i • f .s inci.ds
of the bill to suffer them to ?i ru \.i h it now. and
not w.:ü in tbis m-.i-n-t ioi- I
men's, g'catly re ar, i:ig .re
ma-w of !.> smess oa n>< ¡t '•  i-.<
The qu. .M.on ''as tu.-n ia'« r.
cided bv '■'<■- iolli)*i.ig vot  so '
YEAS—Metots B-.M'ow,Ba!
Clay of K-. mucky, Olaytor. V
d.-ison, Huntington, K'^, " -, 
ler, Mor-biT/', Monteo, Cx ■:
Soii'hof Jnban.1, S ~<b :■' "'
While, ".ViJ-ams, Vv'i: di"
NAYS—'4e .-s. ..t'ri.. '■
But.hs.-an O.-.lh' u1, Cl--._ •
Graham, Kn=:, Lu.n, '■'■.
Pieree, Pre tu*, rr.-.trn, t.v
necticut, ScrrC.s, T-ppie,
Wright—2'2.
Tue quct1 ion then reru
the amendment, which t,a,
YEAS—vles>rs. Aiies, •
Berrien,   Cítate,   f t.i.v   ■•
E/an*, Gr ban!,  Hendcr
gum, ¡VTil.rr, Pudps, i'.nte
mons, Sim hard, TaHma'SO,
aad Wood bridge-2 Í.
NAYS—Messrs. Bafi'te.v.
Calhoun, Clay of Alabare.-. I
Linn,  McBobttte,  Mouton,
n     y
{ e,
••- itmco'i-
r
'
i y  had a
;-  M
•!-g
filiate <ic-
i
? "
e bill:
C:
/
- , C .oste,
"*■ ili
¡rlv
,>.s. Hen-
u .'
si.-
  i.-lr, Mil-
?;'.
(e •,
i-rnraiisp,
,v.

, v/.jpicr,
.-,—¿7.

-   r
■, : ■   '..n,
' '
;     '
' •.•¡.,'.-<m,

- i-
■•     C'r..-.-
"V

w  .   and
i eel r,.,
f.'
,  ,  Bjya-O,
\r,   C ,i'- en.
'•to-..   ,;1s,^-
í'¡  .      .-i   -
•A.! ¡- -X.       -'liliivms,
'": n . , H 'ctianan,
!<!,-,.. Í .'lum, Kiijf,
Nu.h..i:->.',  Pierce,
