244
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE?
Prentiss, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tan-
. pan, White, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22.
The question then being on the amendment as
amended—
Mr. CALHOUN said his opinion of the uncon-
stitutionality of this amendment remained un-
changed. It was not a case of comprehending
corporations made by themselves but by the States.
Ihe amendment assumed that the States ecu d not
do their duty, cr would not, if they conld. He
would not go into an argument; his cbject was
simply to say that he deemed it Loth unconstitution-
al and inexpedient.
Mr. WRIGHT believed lhat consideration for
the mtereüs oí the country strongly urged Congress
to es'ablish a system of bankruptcy, ?ppl cable to
existing banks, and in this respect it would do
more tor regulating the currency than any Nation-
al Bat>k that the ingenuity ot noun could devis .
Mr. CALHOUN^a'd it the Bank bill pas ed, no
provision of this kind would be applicable to it, and
thus their own Bank would cot b± affected by this
bankrupt law, to which they subjected all olher
banks,
Mr. WOODBR1DGE said the act of bnng.ng
into existence a coiporation, involved many po.v.
ersof sove.eignty, and the corporation was to be
under the control of that sovereignty only. In thin
view ot the ca^e. he could cot concede ihe power
of the General Government ovpr the banks c e-
ated by the States, and snould vote against the
i>m ndment.
The amendment, as amended, was then rejected
by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Linn, McRobeits, Nicholson, Pierce,
S'ntth nf Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wallter,
William*, Woodbury, and Wright—] 6.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Choate, Clay oí Alabama, Ciay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Cathbert, Dixon, Evan-;, Pulton,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, King, M«ia-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Mouton, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss Presión, Rives Sevier, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbndse—34.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to amend the b II by
striking out the last pioviso of the second secf,oi of
the bill, which provides that nothing in this act
shall be construed to annul or impair any lawful
rights of married women or minors, or any liens,
mortgages, or oihu securities on propettv, real or
personal, which may be vahd by ihe lawsol ihe
Biates reflectively, and which are not inc> is'stmt
with ihe provision of ihe second and fiíiíi íc i >i s
of this act.
This was advocated by lie^r*. Wa o  a 1
Phuvtiss, and oppmed by Messis MobTüN, 3ei-
riev, WiLfctR, and Huniingtov.
A moti' n was then made ta ¿djoarn, which was
ncatived—ayes 19, noes 23.
The question was then taken on the amendment
oí Mr. Wright, and it was decidtd in the negative
—\eas 17, na>s 29, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. B nton, Clay of Alcbama, Fu'-
too, King, Linn, McRoWrt , Nichol on, Pieice
Fiends-, Sevier, Sturgeon, T ppip, Wh le, Vi il-
I ¿ms, Woodbury, Wright, and Yo >ng__17.'
NAVS—Me^r . Aieher, Ua-row, B*tta Cemen
Ch Mie, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans'
Graham, Henderon, Huntington, Ker, Mangum'
Mcrnck, MiHir, Morehead, Mouton, Peelps, Pol-
ler, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Srm h of Connpc'i-
c>H, Smith of Ind'ana, S luthard, Walner, Tall-
mtxdge, and Woodbrid^e—59.
Mr McROBERTS moved an amendment to
strike out, in the second section, seventeenm Une
tue worls "more ih.n two rionth ," (which is. ih 
l ?st time that any ttansaetion ed'ered into i uh
tue bankrupt, before the fi.mg of the pehtion
rtgstnit hira, <-haH not bemvil'ddted ly this act )
This, after a brie! discussion by Messis MtR.0
BER1S ai.d BERRIEN, was r-jeoel wnhou a
divMon.
Mr. YOUNG offered in pmendment lo Ihe first
s-=<Aon, sixth line, after the word "debts," to insert
— 'which shall not have be^n created, in conse-
quence of defalcation as a public officer, or as an
executor, guardian, or trustee, or while acting in
am other than his usual capacity "
This was rejected without a division.
The bill w«s then repoited to the Senate, when
the ¡"EoeridmeHs ot the committte «ere «greed to
Mr. YOUNG renewed th1 motion for his amend-
ment He said he had but little feeling on the bill,
but would vote for it, if ihe amendment was adopt-
ed. He would not withou', as he conld not con-
sent to include in the benefit  of the act, swindlers,
defalcators, etc.
Mr WALKER thought a man who misapplied
so pacred a a ihing as irust funds, should no* have
he benefits of this ac'.
Mr CLAY was equa'lv opposed to swindlers
and delalcatois and Wuuld vote ¡or the anund
ment.
After a slight modification of another portion of
the bill to conform to this, the amendment wa 
agreed lo wittiout adtv ion
The question of engrossing the bt'l to a ih rd
reading was then taken, and caineu, by the follow-
ing vo e
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, B*tes, Ber-
r <*n, Choate, Clay 't Kentucky, CiaUon, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, M«u-
gum, Miller, Pnelps, Porter, Prtson, Rives, Sim-
mons, Smith oí Ird ana, Sou.hard, Tallmadg',
Walker,  White, Williams, at d Woodbndge—26
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bavard, Bunion, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, Linn, "WcRoberts Mou.on, Nich-
olson, Pierce, P ent>ss Sevier Stni h of Conn^c-
ticu', S'urgeon, Tappan, Woodburv, Wright,
and Young—-22
On motion,
The Senate then adj lurned
nousn or iinpitisrNTATivE*
Ft ipay, July 2í, taa
The journal having been read,
The House then reaum-d Lhe ctrisi Vialion of the report ind
lcsolulion hetetofoti pres nted by Mi Winthrop from the
Committee on Commeue, the lesolutioi being in the following
woids
Resolved That a committee of nmt mt mhei no mmethan
one ol whom sh ill bp Aom any oip btltf-, be ippottited by the
Ginn, to sil tluun^ the let e s 1 ir the pui j ose ol taking evidence
atme prinoipil pottsof entiy and elsewhete, as to theopeiahon
of the existing system and lates of dunes on importa upon the
manjlactuiin..' agricultural and comireicial interests of the
countty, and ol piociiiinir gemnllv such mfnotation as mav
l p useful to Congress in any tevision ol the levenue laws which
may be at empted at th   i ext session
Anil thequestion being on tile motion tn pospone the fuither
coisidai ation 'I the ips Intfon ui ti  Mtinuiy week—    *
Mr RIILTI, who was u ntled to the tloot adhessedthp
com 111 tc< u«ome I ng h in oppo ltton    i th   risolui.oi   con
i unutng his lemuks up 11 tin expiatim ot his hour lie
wuillhivt no oj¡f etion t i lhe ptssigeof the res ilutlon ai 1
thoug it tint there wool 1 have Ucn no oppn it ton to it, were I*
notfoi theq tarter tl in whence itcame It enne front a qtnr
ter which his ilwajs denied the obi "at tv cíiíiuim of the
rompiomlseact ol lsii—ami which was support] to be in
flue! cetl i ith l hv s Ltiona! views tint the ^pneial  tuteiessrl
Í the country lie a 1 mued that withae tnini ic inopeily cot
Biitnted a "ieit > ti o \ i] tibie i id ti pint imi.mttim irucl t
be o Haloed—1 uti vtiy th u ihm^ tlef tti led up in the e >t sur it
tion f 1 thati ommlttt He shoul 1 vo " Ti)tstthen olittion,
bowever nitbicat eh^eaied he tnlirmj ion thai wmhl he
codéete I but bectttse he d ttbted w ethet ( ongiess bad the
rfht to appoint ^ c tinni   ec to *tt iiiritni the recess and tnns
Í   act bublliess whic    uu  It lobe atteu ed to dutltjg ltb le<ntlar
|     SPSS! 111S
Ge)iti"men   who   htl   lieietofote   spoken   on  this   q cs
I   tun   luu  iiut  diuoteiit  constructions   on  the con pt >on e
ait     Theie wis i i ic'i d,lf tpneeof op   ion concerning it     Jn
1 isootnton, hnvpvei   tl e gen temxn bom Mis^achuspus [M
CcshisgI was e^neialh  cotrtet in his in ¡ei«landtng of it
j   ^íttioi  c-íceptt 11    Itappeiiel t j h m ih it Un= act IhiI four
.   prov sions in tavot ofthe m-inufactuilnc interest   ant  th^eetn
tavor of the consumer     Ih ise in favt t ol   he manufacturer
I   w>re lhat the dutus should   le reluctd giadtnlh   tl a the
cooj  nnnnteilsh nil be sub| ct title bo   c \ duatti ti ¡n fix
uu t! e a! valorem lut e«   and luitiiet  tl e gleet íphef to the
manuf -tirei in han *   ma ly in cles u=ed in bis bus.nes,
mi e J i Y free such as dye sti fb,  ic  <s       Now what  were
the feat ties of th"   actio favor of tip consumed    The fit t
|   2ieat gain wis tuit thedutus should be lai' not for pietec
lion but fn ipvenup    Anfthei  am wis that lb   dutiesohon J
come iSiwi to 'be wmtsof at economical Gire'-nment     The
thi   I provt i n in fa^or of t^p ct sumei was   that tbemaxi
mumof duties shafl not exceed twent.y percent atlvaiotem af
tei theye^r 1313     This appeate 1 to 'urn to be the whole of the
J   comprare se     Mr   R  here r a J Aoi i the act i f 1893   the pro
I   vision that, ftom and   aftel the------dt; of Tune, 1842 thedu
1 tiesoi imports shall notexceed twenty per tent ad «alorem
i an i observed bat tt wa° in t'uf feature of the act that he did
notcoirectly urderstanil the gertlennn fiom Massachusetts
lhe act according to his views, pjpired in hnvear 1SJ2 so firas
the impo ition of duties was coocei ne 1 b^t i provided that
in any subaetjuen ievisionor ne tsr ff bv Comrre s no duties
should be imposed on any articles higher  han 20per cent ad
valorem the principle was that duties si onH not be levied
bevoad an econo-meal Admin stritlon nf the Government But
it appeared to lnm that the majority in that House was me
pared to violate this act in that ruost e sential of its provisions
In short, the passageofthe distnoution bill, taken in connection
with o'her important measures that had bien biousht forwaid,
gave Jllbl grounds foi the apprehei _i n tl-t the G vernrent
was nottobeadministetedon the pnnciplesof ecoiii my     Mr
K   heieieviewedthe effects of the distlibulon and said that
he called it bad policy and loul play      lhespin of ihe com.
piomlse act had been violated and he cotislderect it as over-
sown    It  had not  >et, howevei,   been consummaied, t d.
in his opinion it would yet be defeated in the -enate    ¡Vlt   R,
next dd\ cued to thelevenue bill yet on the tables of members,
which he said contained fourteen miltons of articles niado du
ty free fir the benefit of the manufacturers.   Gentler  ¡m bait!
thatthis wasno violation of the compromise art    What then
was it i   He denied that Congiesshad a light toderri ni nato
but fir the purpo e foi which duties wete laid    Mi  K ex
piessed lhe btionsebt ob¡ectlons to the levenue bid thai ' ad
been reported to the House    lie believe I tlir-t i   wti   Í ope
late    as    a    premium   foi   fraud    and   nntro ill y,   and
mat it could not sunt!, and went onto euutnciaiemany artic ps
in which hp deflated tint 20 pri cm t  uld not be col ei ed
He would concede that dlscnmmution im^ht lake ¡ I c    wttb
a vii w to the anility ol the   t\ pi\et,oi n ot1 ci   \ irds tint
the burdens of the Government ought to t e rd e to fall on
the peo¡ilfe in propon on to the r abili y tobeai them     A t iy
of five pet  cen   loi ms'atice, on a poornun whtsp annul! in
come «as only one   bundled uoi us, wot h' be mete to ¡uni
hana duiy ol iiltvper cent onannnw i ise income v  uiobOd.
He denied that f oniiess conl 1 rtalitlui!}   ! i> at ^ d bCiluii  at-
mg du íes for the bentüti f the ma natiuier    tie theee n!
man 1 om Massachus Its, asked the °tnlkman flom Vt gi n,
if be wouli lay discriminating duties agtitib ihe maunlaciuíei
He would say no    lie woui 1 m ciimnite rut iei  In   n r
agamsthlm    He was peiftctlv wdln j that both the mart'fic
turer and consumir   should stand on the n mud oi pei e"t
equably, andthatall biiou! i shaie lln  benefits an ibuidens of
the Government alike     Duties ate laid for tt ebenPbts c f al',
why then n  legiblatuig s' ould thty n ake a disr( immation m
favor o! one agamstaiif   He hadno ohieciiou to the imnu/ac
tures  having   an  lueldenta1  benebt   wnen  ii     j   were hnl
fot   revenue   oily     He would not     op a c is e  spindle,
nor palsy a   single   aim,   but  he   j  o e* ed   ajtimst   the
t te doctrine that lhe bulk of  the cimmauitv   tin   consuméis
s íould be taxel for then  lirpbt    T h° Titl iniu fiom Mis
SdChuseltfc, howe^et said th it he wo i 1 i ydtiti s mci 'tntefiy
lor pro eclion    Ibis he looks i up in i a n uiiiestao tndiiy
\ou c«nuot, -^111 be   l"v du  e3 fir iirotci non  \ uh a vitw to
levenue    What was a duly for pit nctlon1   V* t-. it not to e^
cíu le i npoiti ions, and did not that ti a cer ai i e\ ent tl stioy
léveme7    The two w it miuinp-ub e with c ti   ami   ant
wnen    gentleman sal 1  tul he was  loi  11    it d tiiíi    u
venue, aula si loi ptotecnon lie con   bud lima   i tte insr a
solecism     it the duty does not dlminisl leve ue ilt  n u ti
facturerdoes notget pto'ectioo   m 1 it he "its  | int-c i n it
diminishes levenue    Anothei prmuple ! nd tlowt ly tin gen
lleirpn fi im I'enti yH una, [ ill   liiiow^ ] be chou! I take Ins
stantl duanibt    I was tins     'I he gentleman was afieetra e
man, but then be was   for iree  tride, when   all  otmt   na
tions were, in otberwords h' wasfoi íetahapun    ¿it   il  here
combatptl at tie 'englhthe tl ctnne ol reli ¡a loi, inn snowed
what  i junous con^tquenc s   mu     na u a iy itsuu  liom   t
Itseeme1 lie said to be 1 favorite idea now, that l!    wn esa d
8ilkJ ol Trance should be highly taxed because sh    d es not
admit oui  tobacco on  favor ble tetms     ¡Now lb    tttect ti
retibatoiy cutíeswolII  b", that Fiat ce would ^ nd lets wn e
andlcsssilk to tins country, md cot sequentiy am   is   ome.cn
the [i loier   aniilakesso mucii the less of oui  tnbicto    1   *
efici t on the tobacco planter would 1 e, that he g   t a      >-i
nlsbeiipiic'1 for his ti bac o, a dcan,co -eq ^tt!y,bu>le    -iik,
andsn ihethn g wn ks round lnjutmgeacli t id oiiieh n z r oí e
Mr R lepud ated theideaitiat we oeglit not to c nyou   tie
lirnicjoies   ul free   trade   mi   ot er   i atioi s do   i       lft 0aui
lie,   we  -le t-o   wait  in   canym^ o it   the   i   ncif es    o
ttuth  an 1   jus'   e   an!   equ lliv,    n     ihe   <'i'ici^  d   ra
tions  ol tiie  wor! i di it,  where  w     I! up imu i    Wheip
wool I   be  our   rtpreset tatué   Govtiumtrt    ird  free   in
still lions]     I\i     on   us   Was   illa   i    p   tsj   by   ,t    sk'ii '
the iniguty exampleol bee tta'e, ofbhet iht    ¡ is ice an I tcoJ
n imv   to the othpi i ail pint  thewir I,   iiibeloie G   I he be
leveii ¡hat tup A lelo Saxon race ha 1 1 ecu pa ed tipi n ibis
con i cut lot  liiat puip sp    On the u iject ol dm ct nxa i n
whu b Ii 11 been allu le ! to by ne gr r sleinin fiom l.pirg' i [Mr
INiseetJ a id die eent emau liom Pennsylvania [ vi    línows]
he hil no heslta'ion in openly avowi ig 1 s < inn rs    j i e bt.
lkvetltba di ect taxati mand bet trade wtretleptrnt pies on
\hiclib etty   waslounbd     Vilong   ^aid ht as joukeepup
3our commeitit! t stuci ons vi i stt n inn   igan si ration
and so lo iZ will thete been tiittonsan n" then-     Iheffetie-
man ftoi i Penn >lv m asai I tliat illtweien    loi ll eexuen es
to wlucii   sjuie gentle letl c in led tbar n| I nor s   t   tn    w i   tl
be n i ditlicultv in aibiis ing tbi^ que t on   and (he gem em n
fiom Geir-'iafMr ÍM bktj sp n e or thctitiaopin    isri inm
s 11 in 1 bis fin nd      Now he w u! I c i   l ti y j ul it t i the "en
tleti tn from Georgia and he! ui. ed h" w m'sitp nm aifex
I ]u it answer-— dlt ne bcileve a tJMíTloi p otee i n ij be can
s íti tio all
Mi MSUCr believed that ti e ton is of lb" 1 n e 1 States
would be compelled to siy that a tcrir farpiutce nn v>ds con
si! unoni!
Mr RHETT I und rstanil the gen i«man O say, then, that
ata lTloi putection is coistlttit oml
Mi   MS11' tadmitieMhi si th w stis   rn    n
Mi RIID11 1 lecen" -man a few yei s b^el s ood at my
side contending apamst lhe cor st tu i r abty of i ai tT f i t ro.
tection, but i iw it seemed 1 ,s o] n ms had i ( . ,, j
ch mge Sceh iribcalions ñaue b m b ai tiiat ie t ne c\^ou d
come when ai lohti Randolph oí ce s ie it won! I not i)e m
ordel tomentlon theConsti a lonmlhatl' i .r I i i vMr R )
stool up for tin Lonst.lulio" to the veij letter t oiwh ha
might be eneeledat as u ti i foi so itomt: He wou 1 ask for
nothing more man the Go 1st i loi a j l e would tak> nothms
less He unders md he aentleman ti =ay that tin was a
quaiiel between the Is ir ii at d the Srutb, but he in st be 
leave to d tier r itn him li vie<vod t as a tontei bitwepn
the consuméis f Pn* coumrv at I tl p mar nac mers He
ronten led that the aiirirtiltnrisis of tins cm try it> the North
and East, as we I asm the Vvct, wee as much mtcre ed as
thepeopleheiepip=entci 1 ne great bulk i f the p op p—the
consumers of the la d—weie those who would be mpi ¡-^ by a
tanffforpro ection and the question was, shah the marmlac
tunng few walk into that'loase and obtain bentfi's (ut them-
selves at the expense ofthe great body of the peof 'el
