CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
us.
Mr R after some further remarks said Let us meet this
quest! m as o ir fathers met ihe Co isi tution That w<*s a com
p omise wmch still ejus b <±ri i aioihei corapnrai f txistsm
the tie of 1S1Í Wi I you sill lie break ooth and go lot a
new compromise Do 500 expec us to tiustvou afiet b eak
ng wo bargains so'emnly mailt-i It was io well trelii eiestof
the Noi h afa of the teoim that llbt-riy juslt*e ant equally
snuuld be preserved to all, ami that unvi e^es sbou d begi ml
ed to none This was the true ob¡ect of ill Governments Why
d> you make aGovet 1 iitnl? For the akeut justice and equa
ll y—ab ttac 100s as the gt-ntle nan irom Georgia svy* What
11 justice but a 1 abbitt ticp—an ab-itiactton for which our fa
t lers fougnc and Ukd Ltbe.ly, virtue, and vice, are butab
en ic ions, cht. Con itutior 1 i- fis butabut dloofabstractions,
■1111 teM ¡hegondeman from Geoigia when he is denouncing
abo rictio s ho is denouncing punciples—forall principles are
ab trac i ab Ilie^ie l coined b fore them i rust be adjusted
on piincipte and in t id not believe thit juanee, honor, and
patriots n werL so qe«d m us as that we would maicli on m
defiance of pi u   iples, to tiie attainment of unworthy objects
Mi FILI \iORlu here moved that the Hous lesolve itself
iitiComtiuteenl the Whole on the state of the U lon.moidu
to take up tnt, revenue bill
>li CaVh iüiJí\'ON a kedif the papers rallel for from
the toerre aiy tit ¡h lieibuiy and or leud to be prill e 1, ware
yu be o¡ e tue dou e
Mi t* II1 vioiti was 11 leistoad to say that they were not,
butthat they \\   1  1   i   1 iolv bt on tnt nheis tai'cstoday
Mr t \\ IOHNiQ \ thenc lie 1 foi the yeas and nvyson
Mr riLi/tfO^k h mouoii, which were oid^rol, aid resulletl—
yta 8í i  >  10l>
Mr KING ot ceoitniadhes "d he committee at some length
in favot oí the íesolution
Mr KCNE\LU\ of M uyland then adlrebsed the committee
m'avor of the reso uu o n favt r da it vi-uon oí the muff,
end m fat oro a system o! pio'ccfu ? dutn s lit, insisted that
the com lo li^p itse Í was bt^ed o^ the principle of protec ion
He was willu gtt bu Urn itiatcompromiseauíf it sh luldatT rd
sutil lent p oucti o to oui loauufaciur s—he btheved now
that it woul 1 afford such | roteenm—but if it should not he
did not he uate lo bay that he would have'H notwuhstnndtng
tue compromise He cei clu 3e 1 with deprecating tnt fuithei
pro ongdtlt n ot the t Ljtte on tlu^ sub)ect ifter two days thus
occu pied iie, thereto! e, v\ th apo og eb lor so do ng, moved the
pi nous que l (n
IIa leih hcib on of the secordm^ of the previous question
a Call 1 the Hot se was o-deit 1 tnd proceeded in until ¿02
membusa'' swered to the i n mes
On m uon by Ml !0\l Sof Mtryland, further proceedings
undet the call weie dispensed wtih
Mi MVsON ot Maty! tr 1 move 1 to lay the resolution on the
table  win v   not on vv is 1 st—yt-asS^ nays 113 as    How
\CA.s—Me b b Am con Atic tin limit lipes i It j ts
Bo \ ie Biv ! Aai i V lirnvn, Milun Blow íe Burke
Naui|b>i ii 13 i 1 r W¡ lum O butlei, Gieen W Ca dwell,
Jra iit,k t Cillwel!, Itdm ( vnfbeil, V> m Ii f impbe 1,
Í J Cainpb 11 C ruth is Gai v < barman Chi mi C ml n
Gravers Ciosb, Dame Rich i I D Daws, John 13 Dawson,
Dean Deten/ Dimock, Do n Dine 5>btmiii, L^beit Tohn
G Iloyd tlmls A Ihyd f F luster, Geiry W O
Goo e Gordon, Gustine, Hams J Hts'ings, llavs, Hoück,
lUison ilubatd liuntet, Cave Joifi'on John W Jmes,
Keim Lewis, I ulefield, Lowel, Abram McClclIan, liobert
McCic lan McKay McKeon Maichand J 1 Mason, Ma
th Wb M hl! iienwethei, Oliver Payne, Pickens, Plumer,
iledn g, Ret chei Ellen Piggb, Rogers, Stnford, Saunders,
fehaw fe tel 1 Smvdei Spr W(T Steent d Sumter, lurney,
Van Mitren, Ward Witien, Watieison Wellei, Weslbiook,
Jan°s \\   vviiii tms, ( hub op ei H Williams and Wi t-fej
iV\\o—Mes is Adams, Allen, S T An hews, Arnold,
Avcugg Bal coc , Iiiker, ft i oi I! dlack 13 id eye Black
331 i     B i ud ri m   Birlen Brtwstet  Bn^gs  Ltiockvvay Btor-
0   o, Gbirleálii wit iiuiit, W ¡1-tin L tt ei ( i !i u Gil 10s,
C nue uleo lohn C C ji ^ a! > "N f aike Co ten Chi a
Cnsniig, GanetlDavjs, W C Dawson, Ji in Edwatds, Eve
je i ¿bina Ftbbend n, Fiilinoli* Foi tance Ganbie, G ii iv,
G dd ¡ as í i nier L ^m, Pitil^' G Gjode, Green, Grei^,
lidbet ham iiall Ila r e 1 flenry Howard, Hudsm, fiant
Irgoistll 1 Itvm, \v vv ¡ivvip, Junes, Isaac D Jones,
Joto P Ivei tU, hig I an , 1 aw nt e I inn, b itlabon,
Mi lili Vil lis \Ia\ v \Uvnai 1 iMaoie Miigan Moms,
M now i\i 1 et O bu i , Ovsty, Paunerfer, P^arce, Pen
dleloa nwell Pioii, tiiDhe , Bentamn Jx.ima'1 A Kan
ddl Ran loll h Kavror it o v t, R is ell "si'towall, Stl
geant fth pperd Sale *-milb wtanly Sr ikeley -jtratlon,
te uait, 1 thaleuo, Kichaid W Tnomp on, To't-nl, icmlm
bOn,lnpeil TiUtniull I il tv >> tillare Washin_ttn
LU/lilO \v lite   T   ^'v    v\ ill ins few s Williams   T   e, h
1     Williams, Wiuthio,, au"Uí us \uu g, and John 'iiung
—113
Several m m eis loiectit g~
Mi WhL v a I « wisi-d to insert the wordb 'within the
te msofthe t impt lmist ¿c of 18 3
Ihe a nendmeui iias ^beei leclarcd by the Sprakeitobe
out of ordei,
I he question was tal in etonding the pr vtous quisten
and cuntd UU in ilio aihnnanve
Ihcqiestioi ^ba! ti mm pieb ion be now put?" was a
"ken and cai ie     yets 101 "a>slO°
Mr TURNM aikcüth yeasai' trvs on the mam ques
tion whith v\  r    udeied
And the mi i q e n ben g on iheadoption of theiesolu
tion \m then lakv. i, ai d decided in t^e affirmative— veas 106,
navs 1J1 as i   nws
VFA"5 M° i Adame, ^her ork T An hews AinoH Ai
cue Babioe Baker iluiail, Bvron hlack 13 tir Ojaid
mm, Bidet B its Brews ^r L g,s, Broukvvay Bronson,
Jert lirivu Bnncll W Butler Cdhoun Child  Chínenle ,
J C Claik s N Clarke ( owea Cians on < ushin" W C
Dawson J Elwaid^, Lveielt, Ferns Ft-bsen len tillmoie,
Gentry GillmSb G ign t V in k G Goode, Gieig H ib r
elnm Hall, ilillel Wi lian « Hibtings Heniv, Ilnvard
IIu Uon ilunt Ii eslrvm, Wiltiam W Iiwm lames i^aac
I) J nes 1 hiP Kennedy, King, law ence, Lmri, M Keon
te Ma^on Mil nt Mattock Vaxwell Mavii^rd, Mooie Mor
can M ib Mil tow Nisbet 0 borne Parmenter Pearce
Pendl ion Poi e Powell Proiht Ram ey, B Randall, A Ran
dall Ramk>lpli!riA>neri R-o tsevelt, Ru sell, SaitonstalV«i r
geant, olade, Smiili, S anly Slokdv Stratton %uart, Sum
mers Taliaferro It W Th mpsm, rdltnghabt,Toland Tom
Juison, inplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Wallace, Washington,
E  D White T  W   Williams   lewis Williams, Wmtmop,
Yorke A  Yotins and J ihn Yourg—105
NAYo—Mes rs <irrirat n, Atherton Banks, Beenon Bi1
lark I iwne Bovd, Aaitn V Blown Mllttn Brown C Brown,
Buike, S II Luiei WilnmO Ruhr G W Caldwell Pat
rick ( CHwell lohn Cami bell, Will am 11 Cami dl 1 I
Cimpbell, Cdiiitheis Caiy, Chapman ClUTord, Clinton Cia
veis Daniel G riett T>avn Ku uanl D Davis John B Daw
son, Dean Debeny, Dimo k Duai Dolg Eastman John C
L Iwards, Fgbert, lohn G Flov I, Char'es A I loyd Fornanee,
1 F Foster, Gimble Gerry Gllmei Win O Goode, Gordon,
Green, Gubtme Hams, I inn Hastings, Havs Houck, Houston,
Hubard Iluatei Inger oil, Jack Cave Johnson, John W
J nes, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lane, Lewis LilllefHd, Low
ell A McGlellan R McClellan McKay, Mallorj Marcband,
IihnT Mason, Mathews, Medill, Meriwether Miller, Newhaid,
Outer, Owsley Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Reding, Rencher,
Rhe t, Riízgs, Rogéis, Sanfoid Saunders, Shaw Sheoi ard,
Shields Snyder, bprig  Sieenrod, Sumter Turney Van Bu
ren Ward, Warien Watieison \\ eller, Westbrook, J W
Wil lams C   II   Williams and Wi e—104
S i the resolution was adopte 1
Mr HABERSHAM asked leave to in roluco the f illowmg re
solution which w<ts read fir infoimatior
Resolved ThittheCommittteof the Whole on the state of
the iriionhedischai ed from tne consideration of li u e bill
No 12 endtled ' A bilí ronce mils duties and drawbac! s "
Mi BARNARD inquned it theie was no a resi luutn pend
ing1
lheSPFAKER said Ihere was, and the gentleman from
Georgia [Mi Habersham) could only introduce his íesolution
by genera! consent
Objection was made
Mi PlCKLf\S said the House was now far in adv anee of the
Be ate nisbibine s Ihetabl si a nig to the revenue hill
had net yel been lnrnibhe there was no business requiring
limned ate action the weather waswaim enough to melt man
kind—an I be won u therefoie move that the House adjourn
ov er until Moi thy next
The yeas an I nays wei e aske land ordere 1
And theie hemgsttong manife tatlons agams the moiion in
some parts of tt e Ual'
Mi PICK! \Sb3i 1 that as he did not desne to pi ess the mo
tion against what beerned to be the geneial bense of the House,
he wt u   I withdraw it
Mr KFNNFD'S of Maryland renewed tin m lion but, m
compliance with the request of members around him, Mi K
wiihdiewit
Mr KING of Georgia moved that the House proceed to tí e
cons deration of the following resolution heretofore reponed by
him from the Committee on Naval Affaire
RfsoKtd Iba IlieStcretaiv of tin IN rvv tbhereby duel led
to inquiie into the ex at ti t ncv ot aid ng individuals or rompa
nits in the eb abll bment of lines of atmel steamers between
some ofour pnncnai Nonhernanl Southern ports and to fo
reuo por lo adv rtise firpiopoeals for the estallitbmentof
such line  as he may üeem mot.1 ími oi far tan ! practicable, auJ
to repoi t loll is House at the next session of Congress
The motion wasnotagie d to
M McKEON gave nonce that he would move a reconsidera
tion ofihevote n the resolutionjust alopted—and then moved
an adjournment
On this questit n the yeas and nays were called for and taken,
res iltlngm veas 37, nays 115
Mr McKCON then addressed (he committee at eonsideiabla
length m support of his mo ion, and offeied an amendment
which ptovi ed for a committee of ten membets by a viva
voce vote of the House two membets to be voted for at a time,
to be limited in their investigations by the piovismns of the
compromise ret
Mr STOKELYofOhio addressed the House at some length
m o¡ positi m ihe motion forrecon i eration He argued m fa
v o of i p otectiv tanjan 1 lisrin una mg 'une and lefended
tht Amencao sys ( m which he consuleiid as an (11 fue id al
reidy deal in 1 b uit-d unuer Ms compiomlse act and undei a
iie ip ot abs'i cu irs
M S wei t on to show he Fr ai a Ivantaoes that would result
from the acqunemenl ofth° inform ition contemp atett by the
resolution, and eanestly ippised the motion fn reconsidera
tion
Mi PROFFIT t1 en obtained tht floor ind moved the previous
question on die reconsideration
The House then a Ijourned
IN SENATE
Saturday   Jii'y 25, 184!.
Mr TA.LLAl'vDGE pr <entct! several memo-
n 'Is frum c t z n oí the S a e^ < f New York atid
Ptntisylvpnn, m favor of tne immediate passag  of
a  bankrupt law.
The two refill ions st b r ttctl >ecterday by Mr.
Phi lps caHm; for mforravion in rel?tion to oar
commercial miercturse wi h Sa'dina and other
CtUntneb, were taken u ■> ¡>n(l ar'opitd
THE BANKRUPT BILL.
This bill tips (hen ™ad a third time, and on the
quest OP, ' Snail I'll   1 il¡ pi^l"
Mr fALL'MAiJGE ro<  and sro'te for up-
wards of a-3 hour m favor of ihe passage of ihe
bi '. He ex, rested the hope that ihere might be
g-eat nnammi y in the vo e, for the sake of the
moral ltifluenee it wotili hA/roa the measue He
wa anxious, m this instare, lhat Senators should
s^ar abov  ihe atmosphere of party, and untie irt
favor of a law alike c,t led for by the dictates of
sound policy and correct judgment
Mr. BUCBANAV sud, wh n became to the
Senate this mor"sin , he did not expect to say a
word, for not expecting the measuie would be
brought up at this extra session, he had left th 
very copious notes he had made, at home, and was
entirely without ammunition for thecoatest. He
had as much sympathy for the unfortunatedt&to? '
as any man could have, but he thought IhlfS .
enact this bill would be 19 increase evils rather
than cure them The facilmes with whicb debtors
could wipeout their obligations, might mase them less
csrtful in the contraction of debts for the future.
Tne besetting sin ot this country was a universal
love of money, a disposi ion to speculate and grow
rich in a day, instead of by long and patient in-
dustry. Tne rem was needed in this case, and not
the spur. Hete was a bill to rub out, and begin
again; and he would venture to predict that, before
two years expired, it would be repealed with the
«ame unanimity that the bankrupt law of Penn-
sylvania had been repealed. With all his sympa-
thies m favor of ihe unfortunate, he regretted that
he conld not support the bill in its present fcrm.
He thought ihe number of bankrupt exaggerated.
There were not more than three millions of voters,,
and could any m-n 'ay lhat every f>uth or seventh
voter was a Dankiupi? It is decided that the State
insolvent laws can discharge debtors fro a all obli-
gations incurred subsequently to the passage
of i-uch laws, between eiozens of the same
State When ihe debt is due to ihe citizen of
anolher State, (he State bankrupt law cannot dts-
<• targe the liability, unless the creditor voluntarily
takes htb share of the dividends of the debtor^ es-
tate, made under ihe local law. He (Mr. Bociw-
nan) suggested as worlh consideration, the idea
ihdt C irires* might adopt and give validity to this
S*ate legislation, >o as to make it eff< cmat to re-
leiseiullv those who were entitled to derive Ü>nr
benelt wi htn any Stale. He objected to the
hill he'o e tne Senate as a voluntary bankrupt
law from b gt'inmg to end, and retrospective in
its operation oa all obligations. He referred
to th  result under former experiments of
Aiieh laws, arid gave the history of the bank-
rupt law of 1800 It was pussed for a hmitsd
period Before its term had half run out, it was
repealed by a vote of 99 to 13 in the House—in
the S t ate by 17 te 12. In Pet nsylvama aa mscl-
vent law had passed in the nature of a bankrupt
act, and it was unanimously repealed the next
year. The calarmtiesof 1819-20, produced another
attempt to estab ibh a bankrupt system. The ob-
jections which he then urged against the proposed
law, in conjunction with Mr. Lswndes, was, that
the machinery of the General Government was in-
competent lo such a system over so wide a juris-
diction as that of the Union. The objections then
urged were as appieable to the present measure
It was impossible to carry it into effect wuhout
multip'ymg the courls of the United States to a
very great extent There must be ten times the
judicial force now ext  ting. There must be a sort
of judicial consolidation throughout the Union. As
it regards remóle debtors situated in distant States,
he impracticability of the alteadance of their cre-
ditors would make this law a sponge oj alihabüi-
ties, without the possibility ot guarding againU
frauds, or of protecting in any way the mteresis o.
crednors He was willing to have a bankrupt law
wheh would execute itself. A composition an-
tho"-zing the courts to discaaige debtors on their
getting the consent of the majority ía number and
value ot their creditors, and upon the surrender of
sll the raea' s of Ihe debtor for the benefit of the
wh Je of h!3 eredito-s. He would prophecy that
this bankrupt bi'l would produce ihe greatest ex-
citement ever witnessed in the country. It would
be repealed m as short a time as that of 1800. In
the meantime, there would be a rash opon the
rojrts that wruld overwhelm those tribunals with
busmes-, and so clog them as to arrest the execu-
tion of their ordinary fuoc ions
Mr. WALKER replied to Mr Buchanan's ar-
eu rent', copending for the principles of the bill
,-rd its details. He pointed to ihe bankrupt law of
Pennsylvania, the great complaint against which
was, that it was compulsory and partial in us bear-
ing, and that was the reason why it had been re-
pealed He denied lhat the passage of this bill
could have a tendency to expand credit, but, on
the conirary, would have a reverse action. He
ihanked the Senator for the sympathy he had ex-
pressed for «nfortunat  debtors; but he would.
