256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What would bs the effect1? L t him put a case
which would ilk strate h.s position. Suopose the
Governor,and a large m^joi.tj of the Ltgis aiure,
andol thepeopleof Pen-S) Ivama, should be hostile
to the establishment of a b,arch wi'hm it  limit',
and yet the Senate should prevent ihe prs a?e
of an act expressing their di sent, what would
then be the inevitable con equ^nce1? Would
the people submit to this snap judgment? Would
they consent that the mere accilental majoiity
in the Señale, during one ^s-sion, should bind the
people of the Stale to submit to ti e rxis'ence oí an
odious branch ihrou hout the «hole period of the
parent Bank's existence? No, <ir, never, and when
he said they would no submit, he did not mean to
threaten rebellion—f, i fiom it. Ti ey would make
all the polilical oppoit.on *o ,t m then po.vei, and
would use evoy efiort, con ísent'y with Ihe Goi-
sti'uhon, to drive a iiom the State. Tne tamo
consequence  would result in other Slates. Trie
Senators amendment would exule a furi-
ous Batik tvai all oicr th>" Un.on—ueh
a war as ha not jet "had any parillel
in our history. The battle, atier having bee.i
fought in Congress, would be tr.tnsfeired toteen
State Legislatute, and the pecple would eveiy
whete become exaspeiated at this new mode of de-
priving them of iheir righis under the rule tnat tl a
sovereign State did n ¡dissent, in exp.fs le-ms,
that i , thriefore, a-.ented. This truly wiu'd bo
anew rule to c.tabiish in the intercourse buwctn
nations.
The busiru«>"5 and the interdi of th'p-ople ot
this country h^dsjCcred more iiom tbur unnatural
connection m h ¡oh'ie , than irom all othei cms.,
conjbined. Oaee separate the bu mes  ot the conn
try iiom the politics ol the c"> uitri, < id Ihe n ill' e
energy ¿nd ei-ic^ti-e tí enr ptuplo tnnli-oiiir-
dsem them luna all then nan" sments It
seen.s to be a euisp inflicted up u i, tb-a we can-
not keep tluse tvo míeteos asun 'er; and now we
wtre e nbaiiiint; upon an tlier < x,piriment lo co i-
Beet the two ¡o^el'ict nvoie intimately than eve ,
which com1 not i.ul to pn te disasnous Sui h
we derive Ws wisd >ra in m oar < xpenence than
any peop'e upon eanh. Keep the business of the
country and the poli ios ol tha country separate,
and we should be by tar the most piosperous
people on earth As long as politicians con-
tinue to influence the business of thi coun ry,
to accomplish th-a own Selfish purposes, we "had
experience nothing but txpansions aiifl contrac-
tions ol the currei cy, an 1 dtiai ¿eraeut in nil our
pecumaiy com ems. 1> sidts, they v¡ ill stifle ti 
real voite ot the people, and pr'vent ti irom being
heard, by conuoding Itgitlaiivf bod «s.
So much it i tin ( nmo ttion, vh cli cou'd n°ver
have lecti net pud by the S„na.t( r Irom Vjisiiih,
without dirfttv viol it n.  hi-, jíoíi ij principles,
ei'll if U had 't >p ed I ere. Ba the Senator lio u
Kentucky set ms to have left no Mibtorfuge, in es
cape whatever irom the inevitab e c nclu<icn, that
he who should vote for lha amendrmnt would
admit, in die siiongest manner, u<e powt r oí C in-
gress* to estabhih br,in lies in any Sta'.* wi cl-
out its c« nsent. Acoor 'inaly, in a sub equeot
claute oi hi  amendtient, he les-rves to Coi-
gte-ts Ihe power ot c'ablishng a bumch in
any Siate, whenever in tn'ii opinan it might
bttome heces-ary an 1 projer. WbU was
th's but to a-K an ab o nt ■ "-urct.der, at di«creti m,
Irom the Senator from Virginia, un 'r r color of a
Cimpromis ? Thr, however, ws not p mater m
which he, Mr. B cmld be sipposed to feel ai y
peculiar tmerest. lie wtshxl now vn-rily to sat,
that having vo'ed pgairist the aiiendment of the
Senator irom Vug tin for reasons which apph d
with much üfc- lei lcce against t'.at of the S°na-
tor irom Kentucky, be shoald vue also agamst
this propo  t on.
One word more and he hm done. The
Senator íioti K>utuck> do s no , by his ameid
 ent, agree ev^n to forfe°ir lo eitrctse .my
power which he has ever claim d If a
Sate dissents m t^e mo«t Oohmn itim of legu-
lation, and iorbids lh  lrcatiou of avy branch «ith-
in its limitt, the las,t clause of the amendu ent pio
vides that Congress may, on the >ery next day,
annul this dissent and establish such  a branch in
the fs.ee oi ti is ret of fotK'e legislation. The Sta e
sovBieignty ii ihus told, You mt  assent or d'S ent;
but if jou veo'ure to di s^nt, we shall, notwith-
- and n , do as we plea e afterwards, .' d force a
brauch upon >tu wheibei you v. ill or not.
Mr. CLWof K-mucky said he b?d no com-
plaints or rerroafhes n mrk oa Ihe course pur-
sued by th" Senator from Viremii, but wh-a he
ca^ie to íevietv his remarks, and re-examine i is
amfndmcnt, ne thought he wou t> change his
views He ivas surprised ?t one thing, however;
hrs i¡. imating an m'ention to vote agitnst ihe
amendment. Did that not come nearer ti
Mo vi w* than tae onsiaal bib; and if so, could
not he have voted lor ihe amendment, even it he
nad voted "gsiistthf bill ^'teraaid 1
i)ir. RIVES -aid the diífeience betíreen the Sr-
na'or and himself was tnis- tn«t Senator believed
tie Federal Governmen' had iheptuver to establish
thtse branche  with-n tlte ¡mnts ot a Siat- wi nut
k"r consent, thu he (Mi. R ) d'nie't. A d iho e
who behaved as he did, could not, either by a vote
m mat body, or U  < xerci>e of po.ver el--ewheie,
sanction ihe principle eonta ned in in  Senator's
amendment, without i .la'tng Ihe oath they had
lake", to support the Con titutioa of the United
States.
Tt'e question was men taken on the amendment,
anil it v-a-, a"'eed to—ayes 2o, noes 24, as follows:
YE\S—-Mevsrs Barrow, Eates, IJavard, B^-r-
r'en, C'ica e, 0!ay of* Kentucky, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, Kor, Matgntn, M-rruk,
Miller, Moiche'd, Phelps, Po ter, Pren'is , Pis-
ton, Simmons, 8ui th of I ml ami, S uthatd, Ta li-
ma  sí, Wn l , anu Wo jiR'nke—25
NAY-1-Mt^is AH r, At.hti, l>nton, Burha-
i n, Oiitiu i, day ot /* lib, n ■>, Cuth -it, Fi'-
t n. ICti ", L n ', rv'<~Tvob i s, Mouttiii, N c>>ol Oii,
Pi<-r'e, ¡lives, is /iei,o'i.itn oi Cui cctici ,  S ur-
on, T.i¡ p i, 'VWlcr, Wi 1 ims, Wotdbur^,
Wi "hv, Til Young—24.
The ipics'i >r> was then ta'ten on ordering the
!ii I to I a < ryrt lsrd for a thi'd read n , ind it was
pg eetl to—p\ts25, noes 24, as'oll'nvs-
YS\S—"tic sis Barrow, Bites, Bayard, B^r-
mn, Cboat , Clay of Iffntnckv, Dixon, Evans,
G'aham, Huntington, Ktr, Mangum, Merrick,
Mille -, Morehead, Phe'ps, P. rt^r, Prentiss, Pre,-
ton, Smimons, Smi'h ot Indiana, Sout!,arrt, Tall-
madae W( re, and Woodbndse—25
NAYS— "^f^sc.rs Allen, Arcner, Benton, R irha-
nnn, Cj'h U'i, Chy of '\labama, Cuthb^rt, Fulton,
1Í n", Linn, McFtoberts, Mo'ttoii, Nicholson,
P fee, Rivos, S'vi"!, Smith of Connect cut, Stur-
"* n, Tappan, Waller, Wijiiam-, Woodbury,
Wnght, and Youn^—24.
The irena'e (hen adjourned.
HOU-ji. O'   Rr-l'l  l -,1 NTtltVEs
ti i   da\   luiv  >?, l°4¡
Tti" iHimlof vo tui wwis u  d iruictr piovt d
Mi lOUlIN-sON i ■ 1 ate lo «ft r ihe i lluwine íes lu
lu ii   tvli i h vt ts it 11 (in nil ii n ilinn
Z'/'? I in! TnMliM iminu tfil ^ ly- an 1 IVitti s hp mil
tho) i e hoir \ insli nc til i > ¡iiepr-ie ,tn t repoit -t mil pio
ticlli ^ 1 n th   I  !Mv>!  -r Jj>j u oudlioiis foi iriodi^^p'i viz
Í >i i oiuiiriiii" tli 'ne tktvattr, Pla l«btng, Ldkt, Chanmldln,
NtwY «k SH131 «2
I r coiiiimmii''it hvetkw ltei a^ liuiling^on, Lake Cham
plain, ^ , mitnii, SS21 bZ
lil'rt fiiiowsin ih? if^o'ti ion tpproniMtions (ni vinous
r i tils liartnis riven tot i iv<v«iri d HeiLiit cectmng of the
cniiitiy to Hi'amount it tiiu^tOOO, i of vvb oil ut foi
antti \iits due r "' ii t i >t H M tic t, 1st 1, and lot" exj etut^ in
ciiirnlloi (ir serving iMibi ( piopm\ |
IVti T soli util tie u lannnous (iin-sentor ilr House lo oTei
tin i oiiu i m, ni <* expltio Ihe netP^sny, e\}i tlitnt v ttd ] r
tut oi Us i 'op ton, bul oiij ctn,i benii- llotl the resolution
\\ i   no' hci it ed
Mr Us,!>Mt\V00T><tske1 lea\° to tepon a till1 pioviding
for the n pur < I the Po otitic bll it,e
t") jerlion w ts madt
>tl titllud-s mot ui tli 0 the IIou=;e resolve i «elf into Com
ml tec of  h   Wntii  o   thcs'tli ol the Union
Mi I LA V ft I^iotidi a^ked leave at tins time n eff r a
seres ol rcsilutions callmtt lor mfoi mation on one of the Be
paHmtiita, n d wliith he disned miáht tie lead for in orma
tl in
Onje^p m was made
Mr T CV1 nt!' ihar h11 had waited ¡on^ for an opportunity to
present Ihe-e res lull is, affocnns as ihey did, the mti lests of
lhp Tein'ory tvhi hhenpr s n'ed He tle~ired fobe lnlormed
by th'Soeil ei when lie mi hi pr «enttleni
Th, "-PbAKr. { íephed, whenever the fetates had the same
privilege nn le> the rule
Mr BARNARD ¿«Iced Mi Biigcs to ki hdratv his motion
for tPepresent, in ordi r tha1 theb II from the Senate (now on
the Spea eiN table)'o e tabbfati a I'twfourisvsteni of bankrupt-
cy throuihotit the United States might be put on us firstand
second leading1.
Ml BRIGGS did not withdraw
Mr BvliXARD asked theyeas and nays on the motion toga
m'o c immutee, which were not oi del ed
And, the quebtion being taken, the vote stood—ayes 57,
no 6 5b
But no quni um voted
Mr WELLEUmovedacalledofthe Iloube, whichwere re-
fused by a vole not exactly heard by the Reporter.
lints ill no qi orum vo ed
Mr W Ct I !,R moved that the House adjourn
Mi ARNOLD said something not heard by the Reponer
Mi WCLLKR t,aid he would object to any question being
takea in t'ie absence of a quoi um, and asked the yeas and navs
on his motion to adjourn, which were ordered
MtheiequestofmauyniemboiB, Mi WfclXER witlittrew
his ilouoil t > adjtilllii                                                     ■miTr'f.a
And ihe que  no lee'Jiui'5 on tl e motion of Ml ltlvll.t.8
thatihelluuse resoive ilsellintoCoinimitee of the Whole un
the state ot ihe Union—
Ml   BRIGG-  vh lulriw that too Ion
Mr Ii VllNARD theiet.pon moved to lake tip the istnate MM
loe ublibli a tuiiforni «vstem oi bankruptcy th ou0houl tire
United siutis
Mi WUIILR tnd odiei membeis objei'etl
A id Utr W moved that the House ie olve l self into Com-
mittee 11 the "H lioie on the ata'e of the Uilou
tli HOPivrs^aokidthe jeas and nays whieli wete order
ed  an 1, being tlken, were—) eas 84, t.ays bt.
bo the motion was asieed to
ltL,VENUE BIL!
The If tuse again  ltsolvetl us 11  into Con,in tie'   of   the
Whole on the sttte of the Union, (Mi  Cishung ol Mas&arhu
seitsm the chan,)on the bill in relation lo dutieb and diaw
backs
Ihe ppmlmg questitmbeing onthe motion of Mr ATHEitrON,
tostnkeoutlbc tnartln¿ elauseol the bill.
Mi IIOf.MIS said that yesteidav, when he rbtamed the
ft un, it w as not h s in'entit n to atldiess the comirlttee on the
men soltfte bill beiore i em lie did intend, Niwcve), to iei ly
to tilt «entieman ii m Ma s-tchu-eltb, [till Adaiis J who, on
all occ isious, and with a zt il woithy oi a bet er caufae, attacks
tltes- t^eof wiuclih^Oti Ji )wasnnhtimb' íeptei-entative ¡an,
eul t! It 's ilteie notitiesiion upon winch the ne of that gen
tieni m a3 un--{ Ihe South will sleep oi must [he ques'ions of
t ti 111 in revtntie tie th tonlinual tliem-s lot Iin as autts upon
us Wi at v\as ihebillon the tablet It was a bii] inttoduced
'< i thi i ui p st. oí i using level no, a bin < Km e ' to be wl Inn
the i  it *! is of tl "■ compiomi^e act oí M3, v / a máximum
oi I ot tl }0 pel tent ti d \ ¡evy 11 no m le ttveni e than is
i quiit ¡ i t l! e ret  n ucal wai tb of the Ooveiumtnt \\ hy,
¡r i tn i, we ir3iie s irh (ill s ions is these vMI'ioiitrf-ltat' i c'¡
pi ,1b lo ill*- in eit b s and alftct tins til the tNot'li uithou, a re
till ol lb ist scenes, m wh'tii nolliinjbiit the nasi um)t> and
¡ itnonsnol th etowhoml'ie geiitltm^n ípp alt, t i\eU lln-
couittiy horn the tlai kest trials thattvii ilueaten^' it? But it
vtim that the biil was con i ieie ' by ihe gentltniail as objec
tie lable in no point of v ew, •■ tve uptn one and that v/as, that
hesufioistcl it to be wnhm tl e ptotisioi s of Ihe i mpiomi e
atl' Wab tin compiomibt, thei, nothmgt How, then, aie we
to aune tht questio i wbethei the l^venue j i iv ided lor in that
bi'l 13 neetssuy ot not ioi m economical administration of the
doveinmeriii
Aiter bome furthet rematks, tti If said that 1 e would pio
eced is lalmly cs he could first, into an examination ol the
inetitsoi the lull, and aiterwartls he prtmised ibat he would
piveas succinct a h stoiv ot that slug e tct of the State of ¡South
C tiohna which ib cabed nu'liltcatlor, an i he would show that
Hut acl, of wliith the gem! em in complane I, w is not the fee ¡i
nuol ^outli Cdiolina, out was a shield thrown overiius country
to pi itect it irom the dire tof evils which iheu tnrealeuedan
Hie Inst otij^ction u the bill was, that It p oiosedlo laise ir
adilltional it venue ol about ten millions ol dollars, winch he
did not behett w ts luct^&aiyti meet the wnt^ o( (he Go
veinniuiit Mr H tlien we ¡ton t ishow mat ih means at prt
si ni t ti e disposal ol the C. tvcttime„t, actiumg irom theeu -
limb, fioto tile twelve million , un just passej and fionl the
h dt s, i public lands which wo Mtone into the Treasury tin
til Tebitmy tteM eten lithe d s'litiurion liiüsliouid pass tt e
Sen ue, ao'l i ontt uded tlit tt ere won! ¡be an abunda nee to car
it ouih" Oovti uoentoi alibeia! scale witluiit tbeptssape
oi tino det His next o ijection to the bill vvas the iiijuiiotis el
lee tu woul i ¡i tve o t the t oinmetce of the court! íy, unsettling
lie (d ins of ihe n eich^nis an I d-iantiing tie exchanges He
said that thcie was i o hn g more de-truetive tu uncle and com
metce than incei'itude, and art! yet it wdb pioposed to pasb
this hill i ow asa teuiji naiy meisine only, th iu„h it naa con
tern plated again to tevi e the tai ill at tl e '"oxtbc^sio i when ihe
inlot mation that it was to be collected by the select committee
snould be brooglittn
Mi If a st itferreil to thelos&es winch wou'd be su-tamed
¡ij r meiehams who had ittvcu udeis lot eoods under the
}i sent tai lit, old who et n'd no' p   s¡ iy eu inttrmdnd them
o asto tvoul the impositions ol his i i, and paiucutaiiy m
s anced the ca e of oitleis foi sitks lioin b void ihe Cape of
GoodHofe Mi H then lefene I to ihe conij romise act ant1
the s ttenf ati tn^ wh e) preceded il, and oOte ! the ktltratlon
(¡Mi o-DAtis, that ne dil not consulei it hi t'mg on t'nbe
cause he vewe I >t is aeomf rom,se nude to suit ihe mteiests
ol the V\eston ! Soulh,ai d niwhch those ol th i\ouh wele
sicrhcel Mu ha position, bdidMV Ii led t!u yei tLman from
MasodCliUbetls lo null fica'ion, yvhich he bO much londeninctl
\\ h^t w is it tftat the .teniletnan complained ol ? 1 he act was
passed lo lie il disseitons, tosavetlte effusion of bjootl, and to
¡reseivelhel sn ui,l was not obligatory on the geliiknidi
and why Because he dl 1 not vole for it Was ¡hegentleman
and the St He ol Massachusetts on the flooi in a legislative ca
pacliy? Did he not pan ike of the legislttion on that orca-ionl
And has it come io t' n, that ihe acts of Congress are not ob'i.
giton on those woo vo'e against theml No, sod ihe gentío
man, the act w i« r jt unido g because it was against the lute
res's ol his ¡state, and he did no' t ote lot it
Well, did not this lead lira to the conclusion that a State
whose mtwes'saio not consulted on that floor, and whose in
teiests were compromised by legislation, might nullify the
act! Mr H here explained his ideas of nullification, and m
doing so, took a new olthe compai t into which the several
States had emered for i iol« uon agamst dangers, foreign and
domestic, and the obligations which it imposed, coming to the
conclusion that laws passed m violation of the compact, and
destiuctive of the interests, ab well as sovereignty of a ¡State,
might be declaiod by it Inoperative    Mr   H   tlien  went at
