CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
last two items in the bill for the pretention and
suppression of Indian hostilities were indispen-
sable With these exceptions, the bill ought
to be postponed When a fa 1, clear and sa-
tisfactory report of a system that would answer for
time to come should be received, then there
would bs no d ffaulty in ootainmg necessary ap-
propriations.
Mr. HENDERSON was aware tha'in all mat-
ters of this kind they had to take much on trus ,
as to where appropriates were most wanted, or
most demanded In looking at the bill, he per-
ceived there was an estimate of $185,000 ior Mas-
sachusetts wheh he va  not piepared to «ay was
too much, but it would take a great deal of reason-
ing to make him bei eve that $185,000 were re
qured ftr forts m Massachusetts, while only
§90 000 would bs rf quired for the defence ef the
W ole 2'eat outlet of Western commerce It
would ta'ie ihe irgjrnent of a great arltsle in war
t? conv ce hnr< or that fact If ihere should be war
with Britain, where would ihe forces of that coun-
try be concentrated, bat on the South, where ihey
had n aue a denunstr-ui n before, and where good
forture rather thin god management had suc-
ceeded in dnvi i  taem off? Why should not the
great outlet of the Wes'ern empire be properly
protec ed'^The country hid more interest in it
than m New York; there was more commerce,
more properly at stake, than in three-fourths of the
country beside. He would never stand calmly by,
and see appropriat ons callid for, so much greater
thjn was proposed for so l-nportant an object as
that of the define  of th = on'l- t of the whole valley
of the MissiSoippi and vots Ihe sam , unle-s he
saw more onvmcmg argi me^ts than the mere
assumpsit of a bill
Mr KING was ilwaji disposed 'o grant liberal
appropriations fjr the pubi <• defence^, b not
land an I wai<r H fought t',e Government
ought to goot gr,'jut'y to petfi-c  k- system of
fifieice, a < 1 be dgr ¿d with tte Senator fr > n
MjS; loot [Mr Hevdeison] in the impor-
tance of guarding the en'ran-e of the great
Valley of the West in all us most exposed
and assa lable points A general line over our
extensive coast would be more expensive than
tne Government could stand, and, as the Sena-
tor ñon New Hampshire had intimated that
«a .night have to change the whole plan to
iteep pace with the "dunsilad-,ed implements m
mili'a'y an 1 aa/al science,' e boptd User-1 ■- ight
bo a proper expose, oa w uch the f il est rehfi-e
could bs placet, fon i'i 'far DtparmcT, or
from the cha rn an of fe Conmit«e on MiliiPry
Affairs Here was Fort ^arr-"i, it Bw p, for
whir-h $45 000 had bfn app oír at'd at Ihe Hst
s^s ion, a .d n"\v $61 000 were asued, making an
agg egiie of §105,000 Did any suppose that sum
woidd be rtqm cd oi cuid bs expended within the
}ear' Tue i ea (f txpeud ng money on Fortress
Monroe vasrihculous. L-t the necessity beshown,
and he would be ready and willing 'o vole all that
wa--prop r
Mr PRE3TON thought gentlemen had fallen
into ? «sis ?ke when tiey h ught the sums de-
manded coul i not bo expen 'ed within th* vear, or
thit no data we'e b"iore he Senate on thenth-y
could a"t jnd rstan^mgli I wa-, on the j 'dj-
ment of the Wa D pirtm nt tiat th  commit'er
bad to p cccd Tie S nato'  in m Viiss >^ippi
and Aruaa-u seei i d to th ek that th's" uses
wera too ¡/if  foi in/ o-ie sessnn Tnere might
be some t mi i ihe t'pgi-s oi A very laige por-
tion of tir -p^'oir a ) >  no / a%ksd to. w re for
repass Ir was oe ribe o keep ah th( works in
s'atu,&tAesJ the/ s-i uid not sUff r any íetiog'a
da'ion Tm su^s di< ape w ecormous bnthe
worts re, ght have be=n ! adly cnstair ed in t e
first ins'¡we, an ! a 1 m ist pe cs /a tha> w ien ai a-
i u« ons coTioienced the/ «.ere accelerated in the
mistfearfil mannei, and that appropr ■Mi ns to
arrest hem would prevent 'arger expendieres b/
«nd by Mi. P. ti o-jht the Senator trom Missis-
sippi was wrong if he supposed ns Gulf was over-
looked Tnere '\ is only two or thiee pomts which
wouH requ re to ba guarded, and the committee
meant to propose for proper survey., to be made
for future ?'orks.   The be&t points were said to be
Key West or the Tortugas, or both. These pro- II
per.y fortifietf, he thought, would become the 1
Gibraltar of the Gulf
Mr. BARROW thousht the bul had better be
postponed fur the present, ard made a motion to
that effect.
Mr. PRESTON offered an amendment, to
come in at the kst section, making an appropria-
tion for military surveys on the inland and At-
lantic bo'ders
Mr. KING suggested that the amendments
which Senators desired to make had better be sub-
mi ted and printed.
M* EVANS submitted an amendment, the pur
port of which cou d  not be heard
Mr. B&RKOW said in 'hase matters there
were alu iys various opinion, «ome thought the
approp intions too la §■•, wMle others regarded
them as too small He sooke of the necessity that
exited torthe p'opcrand substantial defence of the
Gulf, and went into a d°scnp'ion of poms or the
coast thpt would require it He als > expressed a
deMre that tie Western frontier of Arkansas and
Missouri should not be overlooked m the general
S) stem
Mr WOODBRIDGE slid, from the little re-
gard that h?d been paid to the Northwestern
frontier, ene m ght sjppose it had been blot ed
from the map It wps destitute of proper defence".
He pomtel to tha va't inland seas that ha^ been «o
utterly neglected. He expressed the pleasure he
felt that tie *ys em of defence had assumed the
ground it had
Mr PIERCE said he had read all the reiorls in
relation lo the subject, m \i bich he saw ample rea-
son for doubting as to the propriety of m kmg ap-
propriations on e tímate . Afier all the estimates
were made they never had come wilhm a quarter
of <he sof"al ex nse, and he hud aid rt ih  finí 
that tiipre «as rol i s^gae > i* Yinker in «he eonn
try th t onll n it hav gii'sstd better. V/hat did
the estmt e-, s,™' If they showed any thin? it
wat how (by the greatest effori) much money might
be expended Until a full report could be had, em-
bracing both elements, appropriations ought not to
be made Where was the necessity for calling for
appropriations, when some of those btfore mide
yet remain untouched1
Mr LINN sud he was glal to hear the remark
of ihe Sena or from Michi, an (Mr. Wo dbridge)
in relation to the Northern frmier. He hoped to
htv" th" vit o"- «hit Sena'ir 'o his ('Si. 1/ )
a-nendmen1 o'hel- dbill Tiere heh<>d ¡,ropo^ed
io t ply 115 proced oi ihe p'iol c 1 nds to ihe na
tion;! d°fence in I'SG l.erebalbeena report
fro n tn *"i- Department, recomm ndmg a r 4U
'ar svs en of fort ficauon , to embrace %n expen e
of sixi/ o e %' ty m i!i ns ( f d j'i ^, bat hr ^c i
tlemen in ,)0* r went again t a'l '■•? , whi e th y
vo'ed for ihe d s nbat. n of forty m lhons of «ur-
pms among ihe Sia e , and t'.ey now chided the
Oop ¡sition for leaving the country m a defenccle«s
sta e
After snms fu tier fmirks from Mi HEN
DCRSCN and others, the questi n w0¡> taken
on p s-pon ag the bill until Sa'urday next, and
earned
Tne Fiscal Bmk bill ,iav ng b'en read a third
time, it 1 o>) \h" q tes  oí "Sha ' this bill pas ?"
fiscal bais¡í op the u ji^ed states.
M' BEN< ON. rffter a lew pi-efato'y rem-rks,
moved the indefinite pospon meut, to await a Coa-
gre"j ui dtr the P'w csr a-, which would bring
vilh it tie Vil' o ti>e ce >p e on this and th" other
m asn-fs s" nht tt be f st ned on the country m
thistwa se rwi accord ng to the amendrre t
adoptea v «te-day, ti^e co s i i io> aht/of tne chai-
'er wi "iven up— he v w'e qu  t ot is sarreod r-
ec He vojlt r°ad ih" follo^'ng p?s a«etrotn the
Qecisim cf ihe S^pr me Coart, lo show the aiouad
on which it placed me po \erot Gtng'ess to th r er
a Bank
' ifa certain m^ans to cairv into eTect anv of the poweis ex
pre&sly given by the Constitution to the G ven íentcf the
I n on bQai apiro na e measure no prohib r! bv the Toa
s ltution the degiee of its necessity it a */? esi on of legisla
live ducitfiori, not of judicial cog i zance
No" , ic i rd a¿ to tins dfcis o s, ihe charter of
this BaV.< can aiune be ju«tuicd on ihe ^runrds of
its being necessary for the carrvwg on of the fiscal
operations of the Government But ihe amend-
ment adopted yesterday is, id effect, a complete
surrender of the question ofnecessny—the only
grounds authorized by"the opinion of the Supreme
Court. He (Mr. Benton) contended that, as (he "
bill now stards, he cnuld take it into the Supreme
Coun by a writ of error, and, as soon as it could
be read, would bring back the charter with, a re-
versal.
Here Mr B quoted largely from the opinions
of the Court, commeniing on each passage. Tlie
points uroeá m tbese comments were, ra substance,
that this riank, in the opinion of the Courtj couli
be justifif d on the around of necessity alone. Then,
amended as the fc'll now is, what becomes of the
ueg pent \vinch Congress is to exercise as to the
necessity' In the first instance, Congress is lo
have nothing to do wiih the establishment of
branches in the S'ates. The S ates themselves,
thro >gh their Legitimes, without being served
even with a cop/ of the charter to put them on
the r guard, ara to say to the nine Bank directors
in the cit> of Washington that they will or will not
have branclws. h they will no', tnen, lhdeed, Con-
gress may decree that thty shall. But how can
necessity be proved by the dissent of the Slates?
What then becomes of the sale constitutional power
of acting upon necessity*) But in case any or all of
the S'a'es shall remain silent, assent is to be pre-
sumed h not this an a«sumption of power, with-
out necessity, over these sovere gn States? It is
done, too, withsut formal process. There is not a
case m the whole world, of one party taking such
authority over another, without some formality
ot process There is aiways to be something like
form ob tried—something at lesst of notice or pro-
ce s From the justice who hears and decides" qttes-
tien> of palny amiunt, to the highest courts, there
h alwiys «oi!" notce of h'arirg granted, that the
palies to be adj jdgt-d shall have a fair opportunity
of deiending themselve ; but here it is not even,
provided ihit (he Sia es sbill be served with a
copy of this charter to inform them that their si-
lence will be a waiver of their sovereign right.'
Some Slates may assent, others may dissent, and
others may not be able to agree upon enher in their
Legislatures—the Sena'e agreeing, and House of
Representatives d sagreeing, or the reverse, while
others miy rot d°ijn to answer what they consider
an uncons'uutioral deuimd, at all Well, whatls
to be tHeconsequence with ticse who dissent, or
cannot a„rip? h tVy <J "¡ n', their assent is to be
loic-d upon them by Conges , if they cannot
igree, < r retiam silen , their a 'ent is to bs pre-
«amH I y the nir c d reelo's simig in judgment on.
their sovereign ngb s
Th- firmer-, ef iVs bill promised that this regn-
latnn of the currency was to operate with unifor-
mly a'l over tie Union It was to make all even
and uniform It w?s to be ih° Fiscal Govern-
ment, disppn mg to all alike, its justice. Bat now
it r shown ihn it is to be a giant a hundred feet
lush in one p'ace, ard a mere grasshopper in ano-
ther—stakmn two legs heie, and limping oa
one ier then—it is to be something in one State,
and rothmg n -mother, avd to stand m the ridicu-
lous attitude of being constitutional m one quarter
of the Union and unconst tntionn.1 m another.
[Here IVr. Benton quoted passages from the
oil co n iieiting on each. In relation to Mr
Clay's cir-ipromrse amendment, he continued-]
Wnat is thj supposed power of Corgress to pai-s
this law' The gentiem-n will not dray that thei-
own doetrme is ihs necessity for th« Pineal Agencv
tft e Government Tuey are bound, then, not
(tilvtos our that ihi  bank is necessary, but to
siow that ihey are, m crea ng a charter fori',
torced by this necessi y, and acting upon it. But
do s rot the act H elf conirpdiet them, and «how
I e "re not proceeding upon an/ neceisiiy at 11?
If e\en they t he the opm>on of the Suprem 
Coart, that their b-lie'' cf th  necessity justifies tne
n asure, d«s not thi-. act shew that they do mt
believe any such thmg? for their submission of the
q íes u n to establish or not establish a branch of
ihe Fi* al Agency m each State i<s a complete sur-
render of heir belief an 1 judgment of the necessi-
ty The amendment they adopted yeoterday is a
surrender of the quest'on.
