* -                ••"•'......" "•"-;.......  —
Mr. DIXON replied to Mr Bfnton, aad contro-
verted his position that the amendment of Mr
Clay of yesterday surrendered the brancn nsr power
to the States. He contended that, although there
•was no express power m the Const nation amho
rizing Congress to incorporate a Bank, with or
without bnnches, or within or without the District
of Columbia, yet the same might be done by Con-
gress whenever they were convinced that such in-
stitution would be necessary and propel in carrying
into execution any of the express substantive
powers conferred by the Constitution on Congress
He saio. it was the provnce of Congress to de-
termine when that exigency had occurred, and
whether they determined at present, or held the
same for further consideration, it made no differ-
ence; the right was not surrendered, it was affirmed
by its future contemplated action. They held the
power, and would decide it according to the test
suggested by Gen. Harrison, in which all seemed
to acquiesce; thai he would sanction a Bank when
convinced that it was necessary and proper to exe-
cute the other powers of Government; that Con-
gress still retains this power, and will order
branches wherever that necessity is proved to exist
Mr. WHITE addressed the Senate for some
time as to his peculiar understanding of the amend-
ment that had been adopted on yesterday
Mr. WOODBURY said he was m favor of th s
motion, but not for precisely the same n asons
which had been offered He would vote to post-
pone'his Bank bill mdefinitelv, becau<e it was as
yet in a crude and imperfect condition Thus it
has thirty millions of capital, in whi"h we are to
put ten millions of dollars certainly, and, in a con-
tingency, over six'esn millions, but without waitin?
for further legislation, not a dollar of this capital
can be loaned out in a Jingle State of the Union
We incur a heavy permanent debt at once, and
begin to pay interest on it, but cannot loan the
capital so as to receive interest, till further action
by Congress, or by the S ates, or further time for
legislation^ the latter. It is much better, then, to
postpone the bill for ths present
Again, we are creating this Bank as the Fucal
Agent of the General Government for the whole
Union. Yet, without delay for further legislation,
•we cannot put an arm or branch of this great Fis-
cal Agent into a single State of ihe whole twenty-
six.
In the mean time, what is the condition of our
fiscal affairs? So far as regards the Senate, having
repealed the Sub-Tr<"asury, and au horjzi^g by this
bill State bank-, to be selecied in State  where no
branches exist, we redore the abused, reproached,
and repudiated pet hank sy> em, ibat i-xi 'ed trom
1811 to 1816, and from 1833 to 1836, with all its
horrid uiimn o/th-pursr and sword, and all its up-
limited control by Etecu ive rii cittion, as allied
so often by gentlemen <n the other side
It is well krown, that the act of 1836 on this
subject, hai never beco m> íniprac íeabk, and Vn e,
by this bill, in it  piesent imperfect st t", you rt-
store the condition of thirgs s > leproachful, which
prevailed before thit act p;s3nd
Butitis Sitd, further legislation may heieafter
take place by Congress or the Stws, ¿mi correct
all these difficulties. Why not, then, have that
legislation at first? Why not usa a little wise for-
bearance—has'en more slow!;?
Let us look at the charac er of this further
proposed legislation, and analjze for a moment its
courtesy and concesión;  in re>i ect to th° S ates—.
the sovereigns of thisG neril Go/e nm nt. Do
you tell your masters, whom we represent m
this body, that we will duty respect and en-
lorce the wishes they may expre s on the subject
of the branched By no means We fir t say to
them, that forthwith, at your first st sion, ^u
shall act on this subject, oi never Wj next ad',
most dicta'onally, towards supe- rs, that yon -¡ha1!
act in a certa'n prescr bed ft tas—'rom the R bn •
or from somerodeof spec a' pi aim?-—ii d sh^.11
assent or dissent uncoadi lonaliy, or we will pay no
regard to your dfsire*.
If they choose to sayn their wise po'iey that
hey—New-York, Pennsylvania and O no, in their
sovereign wisdom and n¿ht—dastnt f-ira 'he esra-
iJUshmeatofaB&nk within their borders, unless it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay a like tax with their local banks, or comply
with Iheir general regu'atioiis, this Senate by tb s
bill refuses to receive any such cond tion Nay,
more. This Senate proceeds farther, a'id is guilty
of the arrogance and ab urdity-'not to call it by
harsher epithets—of adding, that in such case of
their daring to put m any condition to their dissent,
we will not only erase, or expunge, or hold it ut-
terly void, but we will enter upon our records, that
they ate oresumed to have assented to the es ablish-
ment of a branch. This, too, in the teeth of their
delibera e (Tissen ! Some of my hearers may stare
or be shocked at this, and yet ihe amendment is
exactly of this character—for consistency
But what is still worse, how discourteous, how
arbitrary and insulting, is our next step in the bill?
We add, if a State even dissents, and dissents with-
out qualification, and in the form prescribed, still
Congress may, whenever deeming it necessary and
proper, establish a branch in that State against, and
in spite of her dissent.
Thus, the State of New York, for instance, dis-
seuts n*>xt winter, and jet Congress being in ses-
sien, proceed*, in defiance of it, immediately to
establish a branch m New York city.
Congress throws back in the face of that empire
Sfa e the dissent she has just given, m our request
for her decision. Could there be any worse mocke-
ry than to ask an assent or dissent, and then not
conform to them?
On the contrary, we haughtily say, if we like
your decision we will respect it, but if we dislike
it, we will throw it unier the clerk's tab'e, or
trample under foot the decision of a sovereign
State, which we ourselves have invited it to make
for our goide.
But the gentleman from Indiana says it may be ne-
cessary and proper for public purposes, at some fu-
ture time, to a have a branch in some Sta'e, and
then sure y Congress ought lo create it even if that
State has before dissented
I say then, lhat, whenever a branch becomes
necessary and proper in the opinion of Congress,
why shou'd not Congress, at that ti i e, establish
it, without first consulting the State, unless it means
respectfully and coureously to comply with the
decisun of the State? It is not civility to ask per-
mission, and then act in direct and immediate op-
position to the reply. Much less is it u urtesy in
Senators to treat thus their States, who sent them
hither to perform thiir will.
If branches are now necessary and proper, is it
not your duty to estábil h themwihout asking
consent? And if they be no' nere^saiy and proper,
it would be impolitic and uncon tnu lotial for you
to establish them, whether a Stale asvented or not.
But more than all this Do you not admit, by
asking first the assent of the States, and by saying,
it it be not yielded, Congiess may, when the
branches are found tobe nece'sary, e^abli-h ihemi
D > you not admit lha th-y are not now necessary?
Most aisuredly Then why noi postpone the bi'l
till thev become neecs arj?
Mr WHIFE here explained th=t C )ngre-=s
m "ht pass the law no«v, to lak- effect another
year, wl en a suffici'nt necessity might exrt
Mr. WOODBURY. But this would cuncede
away tne whole of the g^esit object of tha present
extra session We have heaid no hing sloce our
meeting here but the necessity, grc-U, urgent, im-
mediate, ot a National Bank Eve, y thing is to
eive way for it It has le-m fiom morn ng f>
night, "now'  the day and now'-, the hou>- " No
iklay, even oí a few wrck, is to b  t le .Vid
The Bank is said to be immediately needed, lo be
prayed for, from all qu.u'ers, foi al1 kinds of relief
as to currency, exch inges loans, fiscal agency,
and jet now we are told, ihe branches may not be
necessary and p oper till another year Th^n I
say postpone the bill. Go straight forward, above
b>ard. If th-1 branches be not now ne-essaiy
your set is unconstitutional on jour reasoning
Your bill is sucidal.
Mr BENTON called for the jeas and nays,
wh'ch were ordired.
The question was then taken on the indefi-
nite pos ponement, and decit'ed in the negative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Lira, ¡Vic-
Roberts, Moulon, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,Smith
of Connecticut, Sturaeon, Tapp^n, Walker, VvM-
liams, Wrodbury, Wright, unci Young—21
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Este--. Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Ky. Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Hu.it ngton, Ker, Man^um,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Sitimons, Sm th of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge.Wbi'e.and Woodbridge— 23.
The qut-siion was then abeut being put upon the
passage of the bill, when
Mr HENDERSON rose in exp'anatton of the
vote he would give on this bill He had te-derday,
when the amendment of the Senator trom Ken-
tucky was introduced, left the chamber, and his
name was not recorded in the yeas and n?ys on its
adoption. To that amendment he was írreeoreil-
ably opposed, and v oul4 have voted agamat it had
he remained in his seat. That amendment, how-
ever, having been adopted and incorporated with
the bill, he would, with this explanation, vote for
it.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 26,
noes 23, as follow:
YE.lS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon, BrVans, Gar-
ham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, So un-
ard, Tallmadge, White and WoodbnJge—26
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Benton, Bue.ia-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of A'abama, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pi-r<e,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connect.ctit, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wdlktr, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
nad Young—23
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MERRICK moved to take up the bill for
the renewal of the chaiiersof the banks of this
District; but,
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, July 28, 1641
Petitions were pi f en ed under general corsent, by—
Mr ADAM'S ot Massachusetts, and
Mr POPE of Kentucky
Mr FILLMORE moved that the House proceed to the con
sldeiatlon of the resolution offered by him yester'ay and hid
on the table, fixing the time at which the revenue bill hould ba
taken out of committee
Mr F   now modified the resolution to read as follows
Resolved, That on Fnday next at 12o'cJoek m al dela'e
in Commiuee of the Whole on House bill No 12 shall co e,
and the committee shall then pioceed to vote on the an end
ments then pending", or that may be offeied to said b ! aid he
same shall then be repotted to the House, with-^tlch amerd
msntsas may have I ten agiecdtoby the committee Pioxioed,
I hat nothing in this lestlutinn «hall f revent the cornmi tee
fiom reporting the bill to the House at an eailiei hour if it shall
think fioper
Btttheno er of any amendment mav make a buefexpa
nation to which th^remay bea buef response but no«uch ex
p anatton o respt n'e sh ill exceed ten minutes eacli aniintt
m le thin twenty minutes bhall le ^l\en to any one amend
ment
Mr ICWlS W1L.IIAMS obj>cttd to the latter pan of thi 
le olutiou i  connavemnir the rules oftheifouae liesidcs, ne
wishe 1 o k low w ho was to deteimme \vh tabiieft^fl lauon
was    Removed a divisionon that f arto! th   rtsiuioi
f he bPju 1KDR said th tt the last pait oí the resjlu ion eel
ta nly came l i co idict with, and in fact changed t le it ie of tsQ
House
Mi McKAV moved to anient th« revoluti in by st k n^ nut
rn lay and in einn„ Saturday an 1 hoped the chant ¡at tt the
committee won] I con em to the change
Mr FILLMORE 1 so 1 appens from some cause ot othei,
thdttheie were many numbeis tr quently absent ma'i ur
day andlmu3t adhere to Friday s at !ea«t as to dispose of
the bill t u« week     1 move the piewous questl m
Mi PICK! NS (dim beug he said, a very lmpoitantbill)
move la c ill of the 1 lause
líutthe House rí fused to or ler a call
And the í-p>-akbp being about to put the question on ec ond
1112 the demand lot the previous question,
Mi McKAY insisted that he had mo^eihis amendment bn
fore the previous queoiion wis called, and that, tht-iefoie, tie
question shjuld betaken u| on it
The SPEAKER said he hal understood the jtitleman not
as absolutely moxmg his amen In ent bulas sugoe i tr,tasl
modification of the resolution which the gentleman fiom New
York t>Ir 1 ilivure] haddecbnul to accept
Much conversation took place as lo the question of fuel af
ter which trie amendment n< Mr MsKii was regarded t j   he
II rase as having been d stinctly made bet re th m non w is
subnultelfo the previous question Ml Fill'otc artlclheis
stating that they undeistool the gentleman as lidvipg made a
distinct motion when he rose
And the question recurring on the demand for the previous
question, u was taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 104,
noes SO.                                                                                            '
