S64                                        CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■y m••     II    — W> ■■     l ll'IWIlHH—^1 —IMI^M—MW—^———.......M..........                                                                     „                                                                         ,                                                                               t       -iHi.-        -Ill       ll~i'J        ......      r ■ "■    *    -mill......I.....I    "-"    "■   unroll               I     TMjiil,,^
adopted prescribing and limiting the business of
the House during the present sesiion, the subject-
matter on this bill was in order.
The SPEAKER decided that it wa* clearly in
order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON appealed from this de
cisión.
Mr. ARNOLD asked the yeas and nays
thereon.
Some desultory conversation followed on the
point ovf order, in which Messrs. FILLMORE,
HOPKINS, GILMER, PICKENS, CAVE
JOHNSON, CUSHING, and PROFFIT parti-
cipated.
After which, Mr. CAVE JOHNSON withdrew
the appeal.
And the question recurring on the second read-
ing of the bill—
Mr. INGERSOLL inquired of the Chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means what outfits
were provided for m this bill?
Mr. FILLMORE said that the bill could be
read through, and thus the gentleman would receive
all the information he required.
Mr. INGERSOLL was understood to say that
he had intended to offer a resolution on this subject,
but that he had not had an opportunity so to do
He now gave notice (as the Repor er understood)
that he would object to any appropriations /or
outfits to Naples or Sardinia, for the reason that he
conudered them perfectly useless.
The bill was then read at large, and, on motion
of Mr. FILLMORE, was referred to ihe Commi'-
teeof the Whole on the stite of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PICKENS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state uf
the Union.
Mr. LEVY asked Mr Pickens to withdraw the
motion lor a moment, which Mr. P. consented to
do on the pledge of Us renewal.
Mr. LEVY then asked leave to introduce two
bills and to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER said the unanimous consent of
the House would be required.
And no objection was madj .
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. LEVY introduced a bill making further
provision for the suppression of Indian hostilities
in Florida
The bill having been read twics by its title-
Mr. LEVY asked that It might be ordered to a
third reading to morrow.
Mr. L. explained, in support of the motion, that
this bill had passed the Senate during the last ses-
sion, and had failed only lor want of tune. It re-
vived the act oí 1836, authorizing the President of
the United States to call in service volunteers when
necessary for service against the Southern Indians
This bill gave the President a discretion limited lo
twenty five hundred men, ins ead of ten thousand.
It proposed merely to place it m the power of the
Executive to take the proper steps to defend toe
Southern front er if it should become necessary to
do so.
Mr. FILLMORE asked that the bill might be
read at large, which, having been done,
Mr. F. said he was satisfied that a bill of this
importance should not go through the House wi h.
out having btei cotisiJe-eo. by ome standing com-
mi'tte of the House And the most appropriate
committee b lrg, as it seemtd to him, the Co-nmit-
tce on Miln-uy Affairs, he would move its refe-
rence to tha  committee.
Mr. LEVY thought the objection of the gentle-
iraa ¡rom New York [Mr Fillmore] was a
strange one.    Tn* o'U did not propo e to compel
o, d,re_t the Pie ident of the United States__■ t did
no* say he shall rec-ise voltm eers, merely giving
a d scrtt'on to be used in case of necessity. Were
the fr>end ct the Administration unwlhng to trust
ihe President? Were tha Opposition unwilhn  to
comede to the preheat Administration vhat they
askej for the past Admiaiitrauon, because, a* he
had stated, this bill ha 4 passed the Senate at the
last session1? It seemed to him that no sufficient
objection could be made.
Mr FILLMORE said that this subject of giving
this power to the President had been very much
discussed at the last Congress. The President al-
ready had power, under standing laws, to call out
the militia when he should deem it necessary, and
the question was whether ihat power should now
be so changed as to auihor ze the President to re-
ceive volunteers? He knew that this might create
a great charge upon the Treasury. He did not say
that this discretionary power should not be given to
the President; but, he repeated, he thought the bill
should undergo the consideration of a standing
committee of the House.
Mr. LEVY was understoood to assent.
And the bill was then reperred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. LEVY introduced a bill to provide for the
relief and protection of the people of the United
States against the Indian banditti infesting the
Territory of Florida and the State of Georgia.
And, having been read twice by its title, the
bill, on motion of Mr. L was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEVY (under similar consent) offered the
following resolution, which lies over one day for
consideration, and was ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to furnish
to this House the iotlowmg information to wit
1   What «urns have been expended m the execution of the
treaty of Payne's Lindins, on the 9th day of May, 1832,
with the Seminole nation of Indians, specifying the seieral
Items
2  Whether any, and what, annuities are paid to the said Se
mmole Indians
3  Whether the whole tract of country designated m the sup-
plemental treaty signed at Fort Gibson on the 28 h of Man h,
1833, is now in the pussession of the said Seminole nation of In-
dians
4   What number of Indians and negroes have been emigrated
from riouda since the date ol said treaty
5   What is the ablegate amount of expenditu.e which
has been occasioned by the hostilities of said Seminole In
dians
G How many pusons in the military service of the United
States have been killed or wounded m the course of said
hostilities, (including military and regulars,) and disunguibhin 
the grades ol the killed and wounded
7   Whit number of pensiona have been allowed m conse
quenco of wounds received in the Honda service, oi to the
widows of persons killed in saidsetvice
8   What portón of the legulai army of the United States
k now on duty in rioridi, and under orders for that ser
vice
motion for the printing of the bill from the Senate
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy.
Objection was made.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN inquired of the Chair if it
wsuld be in order to move a reconsideration of ihe
vote of yesterday adopting the resolution by which
the bill in relation to duties and drawbacks was
ordered to be taken out of committee on Faday?
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman rmght
give notice of such a motion, but that it would not
be in order to consider it at this time, inasmuch as
there was another privileged question pending; ('o
Wit, the motion to go into committee )
And the question on the motion of Mr Pickens
was then taken and decided in the affirmative.
REVENUE BILL.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cushing of Massachusetts in the chair,) on the bill
in relation to duties and drawbacks.
The pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Atherton to suike out the enacting clause of the
bill-
Mr. SALTONSTALL went against the bill in
its present shape. He rrrght vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ken-
nedy,] but he doubted the propriety of taxing tea
and c ffee, as proposed by the original bill. At
any rate, he preferred waiting until the next ses-
sion. He should hate to vote agsinst an Adminis-
tration measure, but he felt thath? should be bound
to do so unless it was amended. He said his coun-
try owned two-th rds of the fishing trade, and his
constituents went to the water like ducks, although
ihey were not web-footed; but still he would never
vote for a bill to prot< ct commerce only. The lea
trade, he said, was now interrupted by the Chine e
war, and the tea ships were now lying along the
wharves of Salem.
Mr. INGERSOLL made some remarks, but im-
perfectly heard, m relation to the power of Con-
gress to appoint committees to sit during the recess,
taking ihe ground, as the Reporter understood him,
that Congress had no such power, and that it was
not claimed even by Parliament, save under pecu-
liar restrictions.
Mr. I. said that, although he knew how to speak
to the subject before the committee, he confessed
he did not know very well how to vote, and on the
whole concluded that he should go against the bill
in its present shape, as being precipitate and pre-
mature. Money the Government must have, and
should always have, so far as his vote went, for a
fair administration of its affairs, for the j. ay of the
army and the navy, and the civil list, and to meet
its liabilities under the law.
How was the money to be ra'SCG' Mr. I. said
that on this question he professed himself a friend
to a "judicious tariff," a phrase which, though
often ridiculed, had no le«s a man for its author
than the late Mr. Crawford, on whom he passed a
very handsome eulogmm. To a judicious tariff
tbi> country must look for its resources of revenue,
and to effect this object a dehbera'e review of the
whole system of revenue laws must be gone mío at
the next session. Gentlemen had stated twentj -
five millions as a sum not too large to meet the
leasonable wants of Government; and he had come
to the conclusion that this was a just estimate.
Gentlemen of high, authority, he knew, thought we
might de with les«, and ha hopel we >t ighf, but
from a consideration of ihe past, he would not
bring himself to tbat couclasion.
As to wu\t had been said about tne probability
> f a war, tht, temple of Janus had «caree ever been
shin in this country. We were neirly always m
some kind of warlike trouble, wan England,
France, Spam, Mexico, the Barb ,ry Powtr-, or the
Indians. There was not a momert that did not
call for some cxpencu ure beyond ihe mere regular
operations of .he Governmen', and he would ven-
ture the prophecy that loss than twen'y-five mil
lions would not carry us through, and that it must
be raised from a "judicious tariff."
Mr I. next adeerted to the positions taken by
Mr. RHETTand Mr. McKeon in favor of direct
taxation. They had winced not a little when cate-
chised more closely as to their faith; but as for Mr.
I. he had come to this place with this resolution, to
Mr. LEVY then renewed the motion to the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. PICKENS again waived the motion, to en-
able
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Maryland, fro a the Select
Committee to whom had been refenej the bill
from the Senate in relation to the Census, to report
the same with amendment.
The bill, on motion of Mr. W. was tc cired to
the Commute of ths Whole on the sL t; of the
Union.
Mr. W. then renewed the motion that Oae House
resolve itself into Committee cfthe Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN asked Mr. Pickens to
waive the motion, to enable him (Mr. I ) to givs
notice (as the Reporter undei stood) of an amend-
ment which he desired to offer to the bill in rela-
tion to dut'es and drawbacks.
Mr. PICKENS was understood to decline.
Mr WINTHROP made a similar request of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr Pickfns,]
to enable hira (Mi. W ) to present a memorial in
relation to ihe bil upon which it was now pro-
posed that the Huuse should go into committee.
To muirow (Pnday) was tha day fixed by a reso-
lution of the Hou«c as the lime at which the ques-
tion on tie bul should be taken. This, therefore,
was tne las'hom at which a memorial could be
presented in re'a'un f> it. He ask d, therefore,
the general con<ent of ths House to present a me-
morial on ihe subject of the low-priced wools.
Mr PICKENS sa-d he could not oblige the gen-
tleman Tnerewa>a document which ought to
have be  printed (but had noi) which was qui*e
as important a-  any memorial ihit could be pre-
sented.
Mr. WINTHROP de ¡red, then, that it might
be noted that this memorial had been shut out by
the application of the gag.
Mr BARNARD desired, he said, to make an
appeal^to the House to give him time to make a
