twenty-two millions a year, had paid the national
deb'; and was it come to ihi*, that this reform Ad-
mtnistraikra, after ail iis promises of retrenchment,
was cotileut to take ihe expendimos of the last
said-to-be wastelul Administration as the basis of
Us ca'culation for the next four years?
Mr. P. had no objeción to the principles
of the bill. Lit a duty of twelve and a half per
cent, be impoed upon articles now free, and on
alt articles paying a less duty thun 20 per cent This
would ywld $9,160,000. Put the protected articles
up to twenty per Cent, next year. This would
give twelve millions more. Then adds three mil-
lions for the public Unds, and you would have a
total of §24,160,000. And was not this enough in
a time'o! profound peace? Were all the denuncia-
tions of the last Admimstiation mere humbug? Mr.
P. coincided that the expenses shoald not bj over
nigh'cen millions. Thij would leave a balance
oí six millions in the Treasury, and that m lour
years would pay r ff ihe loan.
Mr. P. agieed with Mr. Barnard that the bill
was not wa.itmg as a measure of revenue. Whv,
thou, produce such a universal shoe!; to commerce,
aid derange the business oí the county still more
than it was in 1837? Why produce a convulsion?
why not prefer a gradual procs-? If, however
enlightened merchants who had looked to this
Congress tor relief were disposed to be sati-fi-d
with such a bill as this, let ihem go for it. They
can bear it from their masters.
Here the hour expired, and Mr. P. resumed his
seat.
Mr. HABERSHAM addressed ihe committee
in remarks mainly of a statistical character.
He H. gav notice that he would, when w. order,
offer the following amendments:
1.  Tostr.ke <>.u alter the vvoid^ "a duty or," in
tv,e sixth hue, first section, die word "twent,," • nd
ii-.sert me word 'eighteen," to as to read ■/. "duty
of eighteen per centum ad valorem."
2.  After the wr>rd ''jewellery," ia the four.eemh
line o.' the game rection, lo insert "blankets ot
wool, the value whereof at the place whence ex-
pored shall not exceed seventy-five cents each."
[The effect of this amendment is to allow them
to remain at their present duty of five per cent.]
To insert after the fifth section the following
section:
Seo.- 7. And be i>further enacted, That ttie value directed
by tho third section of the act ot the 2d of March, 1833, to be
assessed on goods, wares, and mevcaudise at the port where ihe
same shaíí be enteied, shall be the value thereof at ihe loreign
port whence orimnaüy shipped wiih twelve an i a hail per
centum thereon added thereto,'and ih.it the duties to be as-
sessed by virtue ot this act after the 30th day of .lane, 1812,
shall b j assessed on such value, wllh such addition and no
oilier.
Mr. MEDILL next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed tha committee in a powerful argument
against the bill up to the expiration of the hour al-
lowed h m, when, without having coneluded,he was
interrupted by the chairman. He commenced by
Faying that, if there was any one thing above all
othets, ihat the Wh'g party professed during the
last Presidential canvass, it was that there shou'd
be an economical administration of the public
iiaane.es. Tney loJdty and falsely proclaimed
that there hid b'en gre.it w„s e and extravagance,
and that (here must be a reform. This was the
j^rest principle on wh.cb. tbry fov.ght the political
battle. He never sav/ a pap-r m his. Stale, he ne-
ver saw a .'-ingle man who was in favor of a Bank
of the United Slates. Every single individual,
during the canvas's in his State, so far as he was
concernen, declared hiuuelf oppo.ed to a Bank.
He mentioned this, for the purpose of showing
that the whole question broasht bt fore the people
was, that the past Administration had been exit a-
vagan ; and th;U a chang? would secare a faithful
administration of the public finances. Now at this
extra session, called especially for the relief of a
suffering people, what did they heai? The gentle-
man w ¡o was placed at the heal of the Committee
on the Finances, and who derives his information
directly from the Secretary of the Treasury, had
attempted an estimate of what he supposed neces-
sary to conduct the Government through the n xt
four years, and what standard was it that he fixed
upon to measure his expenditures by? Why,
he takes, said  Mr. M.  as his  basis,   the last
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
four years of the past Adiiini.-.tration—'hat period
wiik.1i hi and his friends, pendmz the elections, de-
nounced <u> cjiravajian' and was'e'u', and pioposed
to bring ¡us expenditures up to the expenditures for
that peiiod. Notwithstanding the four jeats thus
taken by htm were distinguished for extraotdinary
and necessary calls for expenditure, which will not
and cannot occur under the present AdmmkUalion,
yet he proposes for the mere ordinary affairs of the
Government for th  next four years to expend as
large a su¡n. But was there any necessity for
parsing the pres. nt mia-ture at this time? He
would not withhold the supply, if necessary for an
economical administration of the Government, but
believing it to t*. wholly unnecessary, h? would
not by his vote place ¡a the hands of the Adsninif*
trati' n th  means of wast,- and extravagance. He
w,.uld call the attention of the chairman of the
committee lo a period a little further back than the
four yeats of Mr. Van Burén'- administration.
Durir.g th* years, '29, '30, '3!, and '32, the whole
expenses of General Jackson'.-  administration were
a little over fifty-six millions of dollars, which, di-
vided by four, inafce* fourt en milli- ns and a ht-le
over annually. The first I our years cf General
3 sckion's administration averaged fourteen millions
and sixty-two thou and four hundred and sixty-
nine dollars and iorne cent . Yes, sir, the whole
expenditures conneo ed with the affaiis of the
Government, and excluding ih-i payment of
the pubh; d?ot, wai the sum h? bait mentioned.
Yet the prea.-nt economical Admmistiaiton,
which carne in under the cry of letrenchtnent
and reform, proposes to expend twenty-eight
tti-llions annual!}'. Dunns the four ycais, t< a,
to wh'ch he had a'ludtd, Ihe income accruing
in the T.-e^ury wat double the amount of the ex-
penditure, Sbur'ly afterv.'sids, ho-ever, the pub-
¡i". d.-bt v.'i-s j^idtil", Etilt'v mci me of the Go-
vernment con.inurd tj incicasc from the customs
and d:j public isuis. LT."d'.: the e eitcums a'.cej
thrre «ere great temptations io extrav ¿.race.
With the public debt paid off—.m income an-
nually accruing of thirty-four millions—it could
not be expected but th,..t the appropriations
made by Congress would approach so «le what to
ti.e income, and consequently Congress ap^ropii-
ated some eighteen million of dollars moie than the
estimates sent tro u the Trea-ury Depjtrtmsn'.
But what were the extraordinary expenditures of
the period to which he alluded? We find that large
and increased expenditures wcie made on account
of t.'cakwsterf—or j'Ubiic inprovemcnU, and re-
pai'S and rofi<>: lctt-'n of hitrhcrs. There were
not only Hie.-p. V.it tiiTn w, re oilier appropriations
made d'itiii, thret period, which could not be called
the expenses of tr.e Government, but which were
made in iave tmen<s, and which are now the com-
mon ptop-ity of ihe Onion, and bring a yearly in-
come into the Treasury. He Uiuded to the pnr-
cha=s of ¡suds from the Indians. During the ad-
ministra ions of General Jackson and Mr. Van
Bur-.., ihoie wars paid for the purchase of Indian
land.itiftc.il mdlinns five ¡miidred and thirty-five
th'iusj-ni seven huudiei and forty two d.illars.
Yes, the cx^e.i.ii'urr? of that oericd included
more than fifteen vr.iilto.is of dollar,-, which
were pa d out for the public la d*, and
whith wid Tü'ura rgaui ir.'o the Treasu-
ry, and yst this was ie do.vn as one of the
eitravagaurc. of the pas'. A l.nmijira'ion. What
mon? Tnere vra. paid tu' during the years 1837
and '33, for the rsmoval of Indun tubes and the
wars consequent thereon, s_venteen tailltons eight
hundred and eighty-four thousand and seventeen
dollars and fifty.sevf-n cents. Here was a heavy
expenditure, not for the ordinary affairs of the Go-
vernment, but for the purchase and protection of
t e pabhc domain, and which is not likely to occui
under the present AdmiaHrauon. Tms was not
all. There vas consequent upon '¡u payment of
the public debt a sreat incers? of revmue, and this
encouraged the surviving soldier* of ¡he Revolution
to ciatm that justice winch had been so iong wi h-
held from them. Their claims  ere favorably
listened to by Congress, and the pension list which
in 1832 was little over one million and a half, was
by the act passed in 1832, increased to over four
millions.   Here then was an amount of forty or
S0f
fifty millions of dollars scattered through "the -last
years of Mr. Van Bnten's administration, anil
which cannot be expended for like parpóte! udder
the present. Mr. M. Usen took the two adminis.
trations of General Jackson and Mr. Yan Burea
together, and <stimated, notwithstanding the heavy
extraordinary expenditures he had before jcaeatiotf-
ed, the average as twenty mi! Ihons eight hundred-
and ninety-one thonsf,nd annually. Why, then;,
asked he, did not the chairman take thataverage gg
the basis of his estimates, instead ot fixing upon the,
four years of the heaviest expenditure and the most
pressing emergencies? We hear, said he, the latt
administration denounced as extravagant and
wasteful, and yet this economical Administration,
which will h.-,ve nine of i¡s extraordinary occa-
sions for expenditure, proposev, for the next four
yesrs, to spend tweoty-eigUt millions, the-highest
sum that they expended.
Mr. M. alter lefuting the charge that the last
Administration had lelt a debt to be provided
for by this, wv nt on to show the means possessed,
by the present Administration to carry on the Go-
vernment for the ensuin'  year, atid tendering the
supply proposed by the present bill unnecessary.
The twelve million loan, the receipts from the
customs, the balance already on hand, he estimated
at twentyone millioi.s, and added to which there
was a large sum in the hands of the disbursing
agents of the Government, not yet expended. Mr.M.
then went into an examination of the provisions of
the bill, and showed that.it was partial and unjust,
onerous and oppressive, a breach of the compro-
mise, add totally at variance witn the interests of
the "suffering people," the pie<ent extra session,
was «lied to relieve. Mr. M. enumerated the
ftrtie'e-, used by the poor and middling classes of
the Wes', wh'ch were highly taxed, andcommted
with iheai the anieles u>ed by the wealthy and
manufacturing titabh-hments, which were made
duty irte. T,¡e atlicU-s used by the humblest in*
dividual, he sai,!,w«c taxed at the highest rate of
duty, whil: those u-edbythe manufactures and
by Ihs wealthy cia ses are to come m duly free ¡He
found that low piiced wool was taxed to the máxi-
mum, «bVe not a woid vva« said about high
priced wool. Tea and eofle?, which Were in
Bieh extensive use as to be classed among
the necessaries of life were to pay th; highest tax;
while busts of piaster of Paris and marble are to bo
du'y free. Paintings and copper engravings and
specimens of national history were exempted.
Now none of t>tse decorated the log cabins of the
tf?e.>t, except the natural history; for all who at-
tended ili . 1 g cabin gatherings during the last
election will remember the specimens of natural
history there exhibi'ed—the coon skins, gourds, &c.
After having gone through with the list of duty"
free articles, and shown how little the/ were used
by the community at large, Mr. M. was proceed-
ing to comment on the contrast pre.ented between
the practices and professions of the present Admi-
nistration, when the chairman in eirupted him,
and informed him that his hour had expired.
Mr. BASTINGS of Ohio followed Mr. Medim,
against the bill. H" said taxation was a matter- of
very grave consideration either to a large or small
amount, and the way in which it was levied was
ais.) mportant. He had the old fashioned notions
of the ¡eopie, Ke believed in equal rights, and
that tlvi words of the Constitution, that "duties,
imoost?, and exci -es, shall be uniform throughout
thef United States," meant something. - As he was
a subje-it of ihe sovereign people, he mast ex*.
amine nnd s-c how tlvs bill will affect his majesty,
as well as the equal rights of his loyal subjects.
He al'ud'.d to the consistency of thii extra session,
which withdrew four mil'ions one day to distribute
among the State  and borrowed twelve millions a
few days after, and then, in a few day* after that,
discussed another bill to indirectly tax the same
dear people to put the money given away into the
Treasury again. His consumers were opposed to
all tariff games of hide and seek. They wanted
simply the -su  of Government regulation, not irre-
gulátion. He said wines and si'lcs were not luxu-
ries in the West—not a log cabin girl in bis dis- ,
trict thought she could live without her silkdressj..: '
.¿it
