CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mh
tnct was deplorable for the want of banks' That
the revival of these charters was asked for the
benefit of the people! Toat the people were in di -
tress and this action was ca'led for to relieve that
dmrtss. Trie extension of the charters was not
de-ired for the b*nefi'of ihe corporators Oh, no
It was for the benefit oí th? people. Bat who
made the cail? Was it the people themselves?
Certainly not. It was thos,e interested in the cor-
porations, the stockholders and bank officers. And
they sail exactly a* the Senator from Indiana said
yesterday, that it was all lor the benefit oí the peo-
ple—all for ¡he people, nothing for themselves.
But, wrh regard to the amendment to the amend-
ment now under discussion, as he understood it, the
propost ion was to let thsse six banks circulate and
keep in circulation all the irredeemable paper cur-
retcy they can, up to the fir t of March next. By
that time it ib supposed there will be an effectual
remedy provided in the new Fiscal Bank But
when ( oes this gieat regulator go into operation?
As its friends would make us believe, months be-
fore that un e The irredeemable paper currency
which it is to sweep out of existence, is to be
gathered up in this District by these «ix bank*, that
the great regulator may show its immerse and be-
neficial power, by clearing it all out in one fell
swoop. What occasion is there for any irredeem-
able currency in this District Is there a point m
the whole Union ¿o favorable for the maintenance
of specie payments as this District? Is there a
point where spec e payments can be sustained so
cheaply, so conveniently, and so certainly? None
All the dubur.em°n s 01 the Government here arc
made in specie, thus piesenting daily a quantity
aciually circulated, far beyond the watts of the
District banks. He cone tided by hoping the mo-
dification offered by the Senator from Georgia
would not be adopted, and that the amendment 01
the Senator from M ssoun would be retained.
The question was then taken on the 3meddment,
and it was concurred in—ayes 21, noes 18, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Me srs. Archei, Barrow, Bates Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Hunungton,Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Prenti-s, Smith of In-
diana, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—21.
WAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fu'ton, King, Linn, Mou-
ton, Nicaolson, Sevier,Smith of Conn eticut, Slur-
peon, Tappun, Walker, William", Wright, and
Young—18.
Ihe ques-lion then coming up on concur!mg in
the amendment prooostd by the Committee on ihe
District to s rike out the clause,
Mr MERRICK said the clause having been
amended, th  < bj'dions of the committee were ob-
viated, and he hoped it would not be sincken out
Mr ALLEN said it he understood the section
of the bn!, it was to piohibit these binks from is-
suing ihe irredeemable paper of other banks. It
w„s a prohibition on t ,e b inks of tne District. As
it s ondamended, tin prohidmon was limited, and
theretore the principle that these banks may i sue
irredeemable paper was affimed u< the amendment,
by the very 1 mi'ation on it. He siould, tbereiore,
vote to strike out ihe amendment, becsus  it a<-
firmed the principle that tl,t bai,fc> might, unoer
any circumstances, even for a day, deal m the ¡r-
ledeemable paper of other banks
He did this, because he denied th" pover of this
or any o'her Government to authorize their banirs,
or any individuals, io pa s sis money the irredeem-
able paper oí any D&nks any whers he den.ed the
constitutional power of the Government to do it.
He askel the yeas andnaj, on the ques'ion
Mr. KING said he had voted against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, because he
tttought it wrong to charter a bank wnh a privilege
to encalate irredeemable paper, ever for a ('ay,
much le s for months. But he preftrred to have
the section stand, as i' was some additional restr c-
tien. He hopfd his friend from Ohio would with
diaw his call lor the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLEN would, at ihe suggestion of his
frierd from Alabama, withdraw the call for the
yeas and nay;. Bet he wished to state that he
would never vote for a bank, and give it the pri-
vilege of commencing business in a sia'e of sus-
pension, even for a day He should never vote for
a bank, at al'j but those who thought it right and
proper to vole for bank-., with certain íestrictions
and limitations it seemed to him, ought to make
one of those limitations, that the bank should not,
for one hour, by its chfrter, be authorized to sus-
pend specie payments; or what was equivalent
(hereto, to deal in the irredeemable paper of other
banks
It was the principle, therefore, against which
he contended. The principle ought not to recog-
nised m the charter itself. He believed that the
bill would be worse with the limitation, than
without it, becau°ed it legalized the use of this
irredeemable paper for a time, and he never
would support it for an instant It was char'ermg
six banks, vsith the privilege of beginning, and
continuing in a state of suspens on.
The question was men taken, and the motion to
strike out the clause as amended was disagreed to
Mr MERRICK offered an amendment, to add
at the end of the fuurtb seeuon, a provision that
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as
to prohibit «aid banks from issuing and paying out
their own notes, of one and two dollars, during the
continuance of the suspension of specie payments
by ihe banks of Baltimore and R chmond.
Mr WALKER would content himself with a«k-
theajes and noes, and his only wor-der was, ihat
the Committee, while they were abou1 it, had not
reported in favor of twelve and a half cent notes
Mr. rMERRICK contended for the propriety of
the amendment, on the ground that the District
was now flooded with siiall no es of h tie or no
value, and, if the amfndm<>nt was adopied, they
would be driven out of cire íla'ion, and their place
supplied by notes that would be eqaul in value to
spec e
Mr WALKER said ihe cour.eof the party
now in power as to the currency, was downward
from bad to worse every day and every hour
They brought m the great Bank bill, originally
limiting it to notes not less than ten dollars. Well,
sir, in a day ^r two the Bank party came in and
sank it to five dcllar notes. For what purpose' It
was an open declaration of war upon the half
eaglet, the gold cunency. It was to drive this
currency out of the country to Euiope, that the
subjects of monaichies mig.it hive this better, this
best currency, ihe, very luxuiy of circula'ion This
gold, in half eajles, was too good for us and must,
therefore, be driven our of the coantiy. And for
what? Frr no other reason than to ubstnu'e the
five doilar notes of the Bank in order ihat it may
reap the profits ar sirg from the circuí men of these
small noies, and the piofits fiom their loss and de-
struction. Well, «ir, we have finished the war
upon ihe gold currency, and now commence ihe
war on silver. The bill ior for the District banks
as it was first passed, was Jjmiled to five dollar
notes; now it ii proposed to penr it them to is^ne
one an! two dollar note , payable in specie during
the susp n ion in Biititrore and Rithuond. Now,
whyissu tie one and two d iiLr roles except to
drive out of circulation th  s lver change, " h ch is
mov abunlant here, or wonlt ie if «edidnotex
pel it a d substitute 'no or tao dclla note. And
wby substitute tr>srr>? For no enthlv r a on bat to
m?ke a profit to the Bank from lbs circuU-
tiun, and especially the profit arising from
the loss and desirucaon of ¡hese snail notes,
which are u«ua ly printed on the wcrsi pa-
per, th it ihey may be the more leaddy de^royed
in the hands ot the people, ?nd specially in ihe
hands of the poor. Thus far the war has been and
is being carried on against go'd fi st and then sil-
ver; and Mr. W feared, if we kept thus retro-
giaitmg, the wai would next be made ou copper,
by is ung cent and halt cent notes As to the h
mitaüon to the period of suspension, if t! e one and
two dollar notes, payab e in and < qdivalent to spe
cie, would circulate in place of the depreciated pa-
per, so would the silver.
Mr. MERRICK said  persons would not  take
the trouble to go  wi h these «mall notes  to   the
Bank for specie, but would sell  the  specie to the
biokers, and get the three or four per cent, pre
nuuru.
■ ;  .....                  '                  • :;:sS3g
Mr. WALKER said this «as most extr&ordi^-
nary. The holder of these small notes need not
go to the bank fur the specie to get ihe premium,*""
unless the bank kept a brokei'a shop; but the
holder oí these ¡.mall notes, if they wóuld take spe.
cíe to the broker to get the piermum, would, tor
the same purpose, take the small sprcie notes there
to get the same premium, and therefore the sole
effect of this clause would be to enhance the profit
of the bank by the issue of these small notes at the
expense of the per pie.
Mr ALLEN said the banks had been recha,r-
tered six tin es he believrd, and each ume for a
few years, with iheallegaiion on (he part of those
who asked for their charter, that a little time was
necessary to devise some plan of currency for th>*
District, by which there would be no more occa-
S'on for complaint on the part of the people. Some
time since the political aspect of ibis body was dif-
ferent from what it now is. Tnen, these banks
came heie with applications for renewal oí their
charters; they asked it for a short time, and pro-
posed themselves to take the charters with cer-
tain very important restrictions. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, or the session before the last,
when all the neighboring banks were m a s'ate of
suspension, these banks proposed to take their
charters, with a positive obligation to go on and
pay specie The state of the currency was just as
bad now as it was then, ihese banks had now no
notes ouf, and therefore had bo risk to run from
any notos being pressed in on them. They now
come hi re, and, after the vote of the Senate bad
bern recorded in favor of ihese restrictions, and pre-
vailtd on the Seni'e to cV perse with the restric-
tions—not only ihat one with regaid to the pay-
ment of their notes in gild, and silver, but that
with regard to the denomination of them.
Thus it wa , as his friend from Mis oun had very
justly observed, in the midst ot this universal
wreck of tl e currency —in the midst of the clamors
of the vhole Union—agimst the existing «tate of
evils—they, then representan ves, were absolutely
plunging the country deeper into the mira,
and were retrograding instead of advancing
in the work of reform; that was what they were
doing. This reminded him foicibly oí a senliment
which ! e hid read, which was that a party usually
ends with the fault their adversaries charged them
with intending at the beginning. They charged
gentlemen at the beginning of this contett, wi h in-
tending to mil c  on this cc un'ry an excmsive papfr
circulating medium. That purty had incorporated
banks and th*y had seen them fir t go down from
the stand rd of a specie basis whiei they set out
pii claiming as necessary, andbatkng inch by
inch ll ey had got down lo notes of one dollar; and
that, too, wi'h a ve'ocity, exacly proportionate ¡o
the sugm>niationof the evil, as if the magnitude
of the sovereign y of tne people was a reason suf-
ficimt for their representatives to augment the
cpu^e of t e.r d Ms ers
Ye , that parly Ivd lealized the g'eat truth ha
had tated, th it a p-wty erds'tuh d i g what thur
adversaras ¡barged them with ínUnoMig at ihe be-
g nntns TÍKy saw fro n ihe cnaracter of ibi  con-
U-t ihat the pap°r-mone\el parly would go, in the
end, fi r a 'o a it d exclusive paper f ircislatwrr;
and nojv, he Wished tobe allowed to stale what
Wfuld be the rosu t—trie/ would forte t>-e Demo-
cia~v to go for an exclusive metallc circulation,
and t! ey w uld excite a contest in this country be-
tween the owners oi prpperty and the p underers
of the people, which wou'dend, as allsath contests
had ended, in plac ng the Government on it sure
footing, and restoring to the pei pie thur long lost
rights.
¡f he were no* influenced by a sincere desire to
pronote the interests of the people of this Dis-
tri-', rather than by a parly desire.be would say
to them "go on wi h your one dollar notes, and di-
mmish tnem, until you get jour denomination
down to six and ¡> quartei cents, and by the time
you get to that point, the country will be ripe for
you "                                    '
But he opposed this thing, because he deeme*
it his duty—a duty which every Senalor owed to
ihe people of this District, as well as to the people
of the eommoa country, all of whose interests they
