%U                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
represented. But this thing would pass—it
was the destiny of this party that this thing should
go; and they would go with it, and they were but
exciting the elements of a strife, the end of which
they would see, when it was too la e for them to
avcd us disastrous consequences.
Mr. TAPPAN said that small notes to drive out
small notes would not afford the remedy for the
existing state ef thin --. The remedy was with
the people of the District themselves. He would
say to them: "Thou fool, pu' thy shoulder to t ie
wheel, and call not on He-cules for reV." Let
the peop e mea, and le-olfe that they vill receive
no note under fi/e dollars, or deal  i'h ihosewho
do receive them, and ihe evil w.U b' Suon correct-
ed. The bank  made a clear profit o" f"om ten to
15 per rent on their circulation below t ie denomi-
nation of ien dolla s, and this was m de oot of the
mechanics and labcrirg men, by the less and de-
struction of these n>e . If (he people were wil-
ling to submit lo th s ¿tate of things, they deserved
all they suffer
The quest-on was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—ayes 21 n es 22 as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bate , Berrien, Choate, Clay
of Kentucky, Cla> ton, Dixon, Evins Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merries', Miller, Morehead, Phelp-,,
Porter, Prentr=s, Preston, Rives, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbndge—21
NAYS—Messro Alien, Barro , Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Grahans, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholson,
Sevier, Smith of Conntcticti , Sn ith of Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wdiiams, Wright,
and Youre—22.
Mr. M£RRlCK moved an amendment to the
section, providing lhat no loans sha'l be m„de to
any officer or director of tie Bank to a greate.
amount in ihe whole tii.i'i ten t ousind dil.ro
The amendment a I l*- afu,r in- uird 'whole," ihe
■words "including all unpaid baldness en ¡irm^r
loans."
It was agreed to.
Mr. MEURÍCK moved to restore the fourth sec-
tion ot the bill, wh < !i isas follows
"And be it finther emite I rhuci h md tve y of r.aul
tmikaareli rebvesft.. ly piohibtled 'Votu letting oi paying
outoi tendente ny bink note u oth rpapei in diachaige oí
thurdebts or liabilities oi myUml onanyprete rewltaiev"),
winch the particular bank m ilot % the pa; merit o tendel it n t
atthetimeol auchpijnt nioi icndei nilt lubicol lecctvmg
at par, in lymen if !1 n nes oi othei debts due an 1 pav tb e
at^lld b.nk, IM Pi , u l ( I I iiftltliii; fui e%eiy tn ch (Il ice
double th" sum ^i paúl o it ot un tied 11 ravnc t of i owi
debt oi dfbic one hilt to the ml int. ami on li tli to ¡ te 11
of the town ot etty m wttlt.li tilt oünidtt 0 It ml my lit it talc I,
to be reeoveicd by iicliott of debt in at y cottit oí con j auit j
riajiction in tbe Disutct oí ( ilnmbia
Mr. BENTON thought lhat, for a proper under-
standing ot this amendment, an ess-'j oí Ule "na-
bifs"of the banks would be ntctsstry. i'lie l„b Is
of most oilier amma's ucic the rtsuit of insure*,
and were fixed and r gu'ar, bat tic habit¡> ef banks
were so valiant and errjd'c thM, un ess then was
a description of them from an official sourc , thete
wou'd be great danger that they would not be pro-
perly understord. He ItiougU there was a depar-
ture from an ec ablished prmcipL in giving the in-
former only half in toe case of clerkships ami
offices, the inform ! agiinst the Democratic occu-
pant got the whole II- " kcd lor the veps pnd
nays on tm> piovision depot ding en ihe ' hubit„"ot
thece mstitu ors
Mr. MERRICK said the effect of tho amend-
ment would be lo m <ke ih emtio t ie endoise.o ot
all the paper (hey ct cuh'e i
Mr. WALKER. <-ii 1 it was the n est curious en-
dosing he ei'er hedid of. lis ct isidered 'he pie-
sent as thJ m is' < x .a n'nary (nice ev r ei atted
m lhat Chaiib r under he i ame oí legislation, it
was n t oi'y n Jtcnlo •■<, b <* wic1 ed
Mr. Y^R.GflT c?M 1 t'i  .v en on of th  Sena-
tor fiom MiryUna tith'nl nseo tg oí 1 i Pin^m'-
ment, tn* word ' tender" be ng u- d in r< liiion lo
bank no'es not redeem? ble u s>p ne Tne Consh-
tuuon of the U¡ led S aies expes^ly prohibits tli 
States from making any thing a 'coder but gt id
and silver, and he *upp sed Congress was cqiaily
inhibited from do n; so
Mr MERRICK mod fe ! (he seed n, and it wa3
then adwp'ed—ayes 25, roes 16, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrotr, Bates, Bern-n,
Choate, Chy of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Huntmgion, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Millet, Moiehead, Phe ps, Porter, Pten-
ti-s, Freston Sevier, Smith of Indian?, Southaid,
Tallmadse, White, and Woodbndge—26,
NAYS—Mtfasrs.   Allen,    Btnton,    Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fu'top, King, Linn,
Montón, Smnh rf Connec ícut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, ~Wil iams, Wright and Young—16.
Mr MSRRÍCK then moved to introduce a sec
ticn tu the bill pro ilmg 'or tie extension ( f tns
charter of the TJn on Bank of Georje'otvn until the
year 1847, fir the purpo0e of winding Mp its con-
cern^.    Which mo ion was adopte 1
The qu-sUon wa- then tak^n on the encro«sment
of th  bill, and dec ded m the affifiative, as fol-
lows-
YEAS—Mi-sr<5 4 cher, Birrcw, Baips, Berrien,
Cooate, Clay of Alabama, Clay rf Keatfcky,
Clayton, Divon, E ¡-ans F¡ 1 ot, Graf am, Hun-
tington, K?r, Mai«um, IV'prr'" c, MhIt, Moretead,
Pnelp-, Porter, Prentiss, Pres'on, Rives, Sevier,
S.mih of Inrfianq. Southard, Tallmadge, White,
Woo Ihndge and Young—30.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Beatón, Buchanan, Ca1-
houn, Cutbhert, K rg, Lmn, Niciolson, Smi h of
Connecticut, Siuigeon, Tippan, Walker, Williams
a"d Wn h —14
Tae bill to meorpora'e the Mechanics' Il°l ef So-
ciety of tii  town of Alexandria was taken up, and,
at the suigesion of Mr. KIN3, lr.td on the table
«nal «orne information was communicated as to
l's operpiions aid objpets
LUNATICS OF TÍIE DISTRICT.
The bill mak.ng appropriate; s lor the support
of paup°r luni ics of tnc D ¡net o'C ¡nmbia v.as
tiken up, and, -for invi-w i^, i discu-sed b
Mes r MERRITK, TAPPh^, V/RIGHT,
CALUOUN, S'JVICR, a n oi f , t1-- VI was
orr'r'l  oi  h 11 reading V" tl'° f i hwit " < o' 
YCiS—Mrssr' Anh-r,Barrov Berr f n.Cnoa'e,
Clay of Kfn jcky, Clt-yton E^ans, Ker, ICmsr,,
Mangum, Merrick Miller, "VI->rei«ad, Phelp , Por-
te-, Pi ntiss, Pieston, Hive-,, Sn> ih ot Ifidi¡>na,
Sort''  d, Tallnadgc, V/hite,   Woodbndgp,   and
Y   IIM.'—f-Ó
NAYtí—Vies rs A!ln,Bt e«, B«?ntnn, Calhoun,
Cay of Ala-iam i, Cn'hb rt, Dnon, Fti! oi, Linn,
Mont 1 Nicho, oo, o^u'i of Conntcticu', Stu'-
j,con, Tapp'ii, Wiilianiv, Woodbury, and Wnght,
-17.
PiñrrjrJTt^j b ll
The' 1  tod    itbni" h   p  ii    d-, of the "'t, of
'    th" p  ' I c I ii 's ,i n " g  i e S "      v a    nken up.
|        tV'i  SMTHo' Iudiaias ill wn. >o  bis wish
to pros-- u e consideiiiioi) of  b°   i'a pre*, nt.
XJpoa bcug a ' e't wit i t e b I v/ould be caVtd
up—
Mr S vUTH replied (hat he «oull be tbb 'o
name a day for it-, con^ 'er i ion on Moa 'ay
HO MR SQUADRON
The Hou«e b I! nik>ng ap.iropr'otion for a home
squadron wis t^k< i up
Mi MANGUM b'ifft/ exp'a ied the object?
of ti-e hi
Mr BENTON oiftredan anend-nent, mabn?
it the daty of ibe Secretary of War 'o canse thp
ships ot w r to be v'ppl e l,m cart, w t.s canvass
and cordsge iini ir?-l r d fiom Ar ti an w«tcr-
'o t d iiíti,, i. til be i <pe meii of its i rao ica-
b lit} sh u d le ful'y t<  led
Mr B 'pike <■ so e length in U o'of bis
ampii 'ment
I Mr LHSN i, er s eJ s mo'ine tono' , s o-
i loagae's a'C-lri-nt, s) ?s o -=¡ t,ify Mi oari
hemp Tn- htiiprf ih t S'atr- brougii t-f/e'iy
dol'ars ruep ri'ii th >n 'h K n u^ky nornp, and
d~ leriin ttic art,c t -ell a ii ¿i,, rotten, it
was «pc o', an 1 giea ly sipeior to "cy oth^r
he ?*pf o  hey doroe^ it* or f rp|trn.
Mr CLAY thougtu the amendment was scare -
ly neces aiy Heg \e some hi íory oí th'w 'er-
roited hemp et IOnitx > and o her States Theie
was nidjaot jt t \m nesn w\i r- o lei h=mp wai
pqunl to any i" ih  won an! t ,er  wis no reed
ot furihei exoen-n' t, a  pr\ pos°d by ihe amend-
ment. If the Senatoi v/ould embody his amend-
j ment m a lesoluuon  d'recting  the Secretary of
War to make proposals for the purchase of Ame-
tican water rotted hemp, he  would vote for it.
Mr. BEN FON (houg it the amendment was the
proper mode to attain the object—the employment
of American hemp m our navy
Mr. BITES expressed him e,f in favor of thp
ame-dment, but
After some farther remarks by Messrs. CLAY
of Kentucky, MANGUM, and KING, adverse to
the proposition, as an amendment lo the bill,
Mr BENTON withdrew it, and the bill was or-
dered to a third reading.
Mr. LINN m ived that when the Senate ti-
purn, th^y adjomn to Monday.
Mr CLAY of Alaben a hoped this motion
would not piev.nl, and asked for the cause of it.
Mr LINN said that the mcs«ant labor attend-
ant on the piotiacted sittings of the 6'eraie in this
hot aid oppressive we^'hsr, had nearly exhausted
hi n, as well as many olher members, and he
ihoaah' a 1 tt'e relaxation absolutely necessarj;
and it would occasion no delay of the public busi-
ness, fe they would come there on Monday morn-
ing mvigo-ated and refreshed, and prepared to do
as much in one day, as they would ¿o in tis o with
the r present sensations of fatigue and lassitude.
Mr. MANGUM said, perhaps to adjoufn over
one day would not retard the basinets of the Se-
nate, as there was nnsch o'her business pressing
on ih^m at the Departments, and elsewhere, and it
would also afford some íespi e from their labors.
Mr. KING said if the gent emtn on the oppo-
site side of the Ht use would promise not to re-
proach ihe Domocatic Senators with delaying the
public business, and if they thought the bmmess
could be del jed without inconvenience to the suf-
fering and agonised people, whose cries for "ac-
tion " "action,'' v p had be  rd so mu^h about, he
wool 1 wuh Ira v his oppo   Hon to ene mohon
Tie mou n wis tui. uiammousl> agreed to
The bill making an "ppropriation for a Horns
Squadron, was then read a third time, and passed.
And the Senato adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, July 30,1841.
To.  journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mi. BARNARD appealed to he House to allow
him to present the proceedings of a public meetmg,
íecently held m frent cf National Hal', in tbe city
of Ne / Yt ik, of ei'izens friendly to 'he passage of
abi i iO ,co pr'a'e a Baiik of th* United Slates,
\ it i r p<-ver ti rsablii'i br"icht , &c At toe
request of t'i"pre«ide.¡t ot ihd ivcelms, Air B. de-
sleí to p>-esei t ih.es* nroct^drg , «nd he wi hfd
to "sk tnal die} be pnn'ed.
Object.oi wis mide fora vanoas quarters, and
the mot   n cou]d not be enteiiatned.
Mi Plí LM01E, at th- request, be said, of a
number ot gjnti'pien, asjfed leave to submit a mo-
urn io print smie additional copies of the tables
which n^d b en farm hed to the Xlo'jst—tables of
vast importance.
Mr. ANDREWS of K>. objected.
Mr. \\ INTHROP avked leave at th s t.me to
present «i memorial in r lat'on to the duty of 20
per cen'  on low priced wools.
Mi. MALLORY objected.
Mr. DAWSON r0 e, he said, to discharge a
duty imp< sed up n "iini bv a most extraom . try
constitorrt, who had made *oma most extraord ia-
tf prop isi'ions, which h^ was extremely aojtuus
sh u d be p'es-nted to to^e Hous  ana referrtd to
the S-l^ct Comimittee on ihe Currency, wh ch had
bef>n sort to h m (\lr  I) ) tor t'"stpurpose.
Mi PROFFil objee ed, as, i e said, he wouhl
do to e"ciy thmi that in erfered wuh Ihe important
b„s ness be."ore the Hous«
Trie bosmrss first m ordei was Ih  motion sub-
m t ed>e'erday by Mr W W lawtN, to reconsi-
dtrth" vme ef Wednesday last on the resolution
providing that he revenue b 11 bhou'd be taken out
cf Committee oí the Who'e on the state of the
Union thio day.
Mr. I. then withdrew h's motion to reconsider,
and submitted tru followmj amendment, which he
desirea to offer v hen m orde
And be if Junker enacted. To at the act of Con-
gress approved on the  14th July, 1832, entitled
