"An act toreltase from duty iron prepared for and
actually ¡aid on railways 01 inclined planes," be,
and ihe same is hereby, lepealed."
REVENUE BILL.
On motion of Mr. B0TT3, the Hous  again re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Cosikno of Massachusetts
in the chair,) and resumed ,be considerat on or the
bill m relaiion to duties and drawbacks.
The pending question bemg on the motion of
Mr. Athi,rton to sirike out the enacting clause of
the bill-
Mr. WISE (who was entitled to the floor) ad-
dressed the committee during the hour in oppj-i-
tion to the bill
Mr. FILLMORE having obtained the floor,
Mr. ADAMS rose to correct .1 misapprehension
or error mlo wh ch Mr. Wise had tallen. He
would not mtoirupt the course of the gentleman's
remarks, but with the p<.rmi s on of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore.] he would take
this occniioa to set him ngnt The gentleman
quoted him (Mr. Adam-.) as havirg said that the
exiravagait expenditure under Mr. Van Bmen'a
adinmiotr \tion u'ascpu.ed by the compromise ac*
Novvhjhid said no «ueh th'ier. What he hud
said wa~, ,hat the beggary of the Treasury was
caused b/ the compromise act. He believed mat
the mass of appropuations under that Adminis-
tration was necessary, and that theie was no ex-
travagance.
Mr. WISE replied that he did not misrepresent
the gentleman; he had quoted the very words the
gentleman said he had Used.
Mr KEIVt said that, having been ca'led sud-
denly irom the oily, he ccUd not be present when
the vote v a^ taken, but '^at he desred to saj il at
bad he be n p esTt, he woo!' h->vc vo ed sti 1 t
the bill H  could not vote f^r it unless gieaily
modified. Heregieted that he had not had an
opportunity of explaining his views.
Mr FILLMORE, chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, then addressed the House in
farther explanation of the bill, and in answer to
the objections which had been urged against it
Toe hour of twelve having arrived, tne House,
in pursuance of its order of Wednesday last, pro-
ceeded, witioat furtj^r debate, to vot-> on the
amendments.
Mr. BR3WSTER oubmd el an inquiry to M .
Fillmore, the purport of which the Reporter couid
not hear.
The question was then tilr^n by tellers, (Messrs.
Boardman and Atherton aciiug in that capacity,)
on the motion of Mr. Athirton to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill; which motion, by ayes
82, noes 119, was rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Lawrksce to exempt frum ¿0|y lne altK,les of
"tea and cofF e "
Mr CLIFFORD moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding "molas>e-., sugar, and salt."
After some conversation on a point of order—
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Shields and Solleis scans,) on the amendment to
the amendment, which, 1} yeas 112, noes 81,
was agieed !o.
The quest on r "arret! on the amendment ofM .
Lawrence, as amended by the amendment of Mr.
Cliff rd.
Mr. FERRIS movd 0 add to tie amen "!-
rnent, as amended, the a-'n le of fo 1 5 u cal Re
j cted.
7he question was then tak n by tel'ers, (Mestis.
WtLLPR ¡>nd Bbjwn ac Ing )
/ nd thi  amendment, es amended, by ayes 57,
noi.s 112, was rejected
Mr vViSS moved t ? nend the fi st see ion of
the bill by strikma out the words (in the 43J line)
"brass wre suited 11 the minnfactire ot pirs,"
which amendment, by ayes 120, na/s no' counted,
wis a lopted.
Mr FILLMORE movtd to amend the b 11 in th*
third line, by sir king ojt the words "frcm and
after the date he einaficr mentioned," and inser'-
ing the worHs ''on and after ike first day oí Sep-
tember, 1841 "
Mr, ROOSEVELT moved to amend the amend-
CONGRJESSIONAL GLOBE.
rcent by striking out the wor 1 "September" and
inserting J>nuary.
Tne amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
And the amendment wes rgreed to
Mr FILLdORE moved to arafnd the bdl by
addmg( n the 12 h line,) aOer tbe woid "embroi-
dery," t> e wor fs "and laces of thread, silk, or cot-
ton "   Rejected.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the word ' in
cludü'g pas'e" were inserted m the 14th line, after
the woid "jewellery "
Some amendments of phraseology, by way of
transposition, was made on motion of Mr FILL-
MORE.
On motion c f Mr. FILLMORE, the, word "al-
monds" «as struck out  from line 38.
A gicat n (Dib-l of verbii amendments were of-
fered by Mr. FÍLLMORS, all of which were
adonti'd.
Mr. WISE moved an amendn rnt ad-nitung ce -
ti n speciüed article free of duty till June, 1842.
Rejccte''.
Mr. PICKENS moved to amend the bill in the
57 line by sthkirg out the words "raw h des "
The question, was taken by tcl'er^, (Messrs.
TAM'sard Arringtcn acting,) and, by ayes 55,
noes 93  was rejected.
Mr. H \3ERSHA>1 m^ved to reduce the duty
from 20 10 18 per cent     Refused.
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS of Maiyland offered
the follocm* amendment, wh oh was rejected-
And beufmlher enacted, That die art cle of salt shall be
admiued//ee of duly
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee offere J. the folic v-
Mf, w''ich vas „dopU.¿:
Pioxided That tho act of the II h July, 1&33, ami tin. 19.h
section of t' e act of28 h Mav Is 0 a lo*vi \% i'i twfucknn nil
rot 1 non 11 States and c moiatio ■> be and the sarre ate heit.
by, icpealcd
t.u. VwLLIAcíS of Mar) la d off red the J01-
lowi ¡g atnenilmtn*, whteh was iej^etej-
Andb° it further enacted Thitsitts and all goods of which
sill, is the chief matenal, and linens, camb/ics, and other
manufactuiesof/Zar or heaip imported vessels of the United
states, or in vessel&of the ¡state 01 country where the said aitl
cle shall hare been raanufacti led, shall be admitted upon pay
ment ol a duty of ten per cent on the ne t market value at the
pace of impoitation, uhenevei thestid articleb bhall be the
prouuee or mar ulactuie of any Stile ol country \ Inch shail,
bylaw admit into such Ma e or coun ry, f">r con^umpd 1 , and
Vf ^hout exception, the article^of uheit icheat/lom, itce aid
tobacco, ON TB!t "VIS Ol RECIl'ROUll tow itatatoof
duty not exceeding ten pel cent on tho net market \ 1 lie 0 1 the
1 ipor ation t'icreoi", when transported tlnthM in vecéis of the
t'nited Sute-?, 01 -v ts^els of such & ate or country, and %v'nch
H i!e or 1 )un íy b ail ?z / s tb]ect anv of the vii 1 i\ iclt ^ to ^i v
cxcsedny ot other chatge 01 íestt clton up m th* üalecriüu
s impi on thereof gi eatei tha i th t to ví ic tne like a liólos of
the 2-owlL oi ptoducc of ^iwh S ate oi  couu ry shall be sua
JStMr. WILLIAMS of Maiv'.n! mond'ct ike
out from the 55 h line of 'he fi it s etioh cl the bill,
the words "flax unmanumctured "
A motion uas made by Mr BREWSTER to
amend this amendment, by inserting "fcklenburg*,
osn^burgs, and burlaps "
The amendment, and the amendment to the
amendment, were both rej«cted.
Mr. HOLMES moved lo amend the original
bill by sinking out from the GO h line the words
"jui tp^r b'mes " wnich ajiendin^nt wns r j«cted
Mr. flcIClY moyed a i amen '¡rent, exerppt rg
ceruin specific 1 a titles ficm d^ty u ml June .10,
1342     Rjicid
Mr. H\B^R3HA\Í mi« to nmtiQ the bill
in the first?e i,n, f er lha woid -'j veil íy,"in tbe
14th lina, by ms<r(i"g '! e  o'ds "bhnke s ot vo >l,
th" value whereof, at the pi ce «mi cj exported,
sha'l not e^ced s^veny-'/e teats each" Re-
j et '
fir. HABERSHAM   mo- ed lo amend ihe firsi
seeoon, in the 6tn line, by str,li«.g  t ut, after the
wonls ' a duty d" tie vrrl ' t tent,',' ai.J insert
i g t ie uords "e "i en," so is i0 read ' a dut> of
eig i e«.n per cei.t "'    Rejec cd.
Mr. WÍNTuROP i ove ! I- amend the b II by
lnstrtn  m tne ljtn line, at tr tne ut.rj ' leau" h 
words ' dry or "    Agreed to.
AKo, to ms°rt " adow" among the anieles to
leiiain at (he exi^t ng dui'es    L   t
Also, ton,sert "n.arrov '  r the free l.st, aKo
"tvpe metal"   Both los'.
"Mr. W. moved to am^nd the 2d sec ion so as to
make all articles manufactured from two or more
*?£
materials pay the highest duty chargeable on eithe*r'
ingredient     Carried
Mr. W. also moved an amendment to the 34
section, m lelalion to the drawbacks on sugar and
molasses   Lost.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN moved to amend the bill
In the 15ih lire by stnkinu oat the «coxis "white
lead dried or hro«ned moil."   Lost
Mi. HASTINGS of O'i o offered ihe following:
Stnkeout the whoh of the fifth section and insert—"Ardbe
it fuither enacted, That all dunes imp^cd by this act shall
be paid m cash, and regulated m the mannet prescribed by the
filth section of the ace "to alter and ame id the several
ac's imposing duties on imposts, approved the 14th July,
1839"
A vast number of amendments, running through
the space of two ho«rs, sere offered by the follow-
ing gen' emen:
Messis. HABERSHAM, T W. WILLIAMS,
J W. WILLIAMS, RANDOLPH, W. W.
IRWIN, WWTHROP, HASTINGS of Mass.
SALTON3TALL, UNDERWOOD, WELLER,
WISE, CAVE JOHNSON, ROSEVELT,
MOORE, EVERETT, KENNEDY of Md.
DAWSON, and JOHN CAMPBELL, nearly
all of which was rejected Of these amend-
ment it was impossible for the Reporter to keep
the run accurately.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following
amendment of which had given notice:
Sec 5 And be itjuit'ier enacted, That after the 2d day of
February next there s'iall be laid, collected, and paid on all
wines and silks, the gio-vnh, produce, and manufacture of
France or her tolomes, m whoh oi m part, thirty per cent ad
valoiem Plot ded, nevertheless, It the "Regie" of France
shall m ilic oj iinuu (•''the Piesident of the United States, be so
m sdifted as to reduce the price of tobacco in the leaf, the giowih
and produce of the I nutd Stites, to less than fifty cents per
pounl m I .anc" ll,e dL v on the wmesandsidcsalorfisaid siiall
bt, leiluc d to twenty ppi centum ad valorem, and if the "Re-
gie ' shall be so modified as to tcduce the price oí tobacco in
the leaf, the ¿towth and produce of i'ip ikute ! b ales, to lees
th n ^ verily five cento Dei po l" 1 in Trine but no^ as low as
fiiij cent ,i ie duty o i t! e \v ne& am! sitk^ afire^ai i shall be le-
i ured t( s^ntv five p£r centum advalorem, andt'iePiesident
ot toe United states sha 1, by hto pioclamiuion, d lect and fix
the amount tf fluty tj be col tcr d on die nines and silks
atoiesaid, fam time to time, under the piovisions ofthis sec-
tion
Which amendment nrs'iejected.
Mr. FiLLMOiiS moved to amend the sixth
section by limning ihe operation of ihe bill to the
first day of July, 1843, and no longer.
The ques'ion was taken by lellers-, (Messrs.
Willia-ms of Conn and R wne of New Yori sc -
in" in that capacity,) and by ayes 72,noes 83, was
'.ejected.
Mr. KENNEDY of Vd moved to amend tr-e
s"me cec'rn bv 1 jii'mg the operation of ih.e bill to
January 1  1813
Rir faTANLY suggested that the amendment
should be so mod fied a^ to read "np to which time
tneie shall be no importations "
The questioa on Mr. Kennedy's amendment
w>s taken, and by ayes 75, noes 81, was re-
jected.
Mr EVERETT moved an amendment as a sub-
stitute for the seven a s« c'ion, providing that th s
act thill not be enforced after three years from i's
pass-g=.
Which amendment, by ayes 81, noes 90, w?s re-
jected.
Oi motion of Mi. FILLMORE, the seventh sec-
tion of the bii' w?_s stricken  ojt.
Mr. SALTONSrALL propose! the folloffirg
rmendmrnt-
Ptiilemu, in the t\\\section,altaftet thevior! "effect," and
mseit ¡h A i'o\ in1*, vz ' a° h Hows on all articles imported
or a!it\in£tiom m> port oi ptace m E irope, the \\ est Indies,
oi any Vtlantit poit < i | lace i oith ol theequa oi,m loit) five
d^sei all trude*. imjoited or auiving lrorr any At'antic
I oit or p a< e ^outh cf the equator m nine y days and on all
aitic'esunportedor arnving fi m any poi oi pi ice beyond tha
Cape ol Good Hope oi Cape Hotn, in «ne hundí ed and eighty
di\&rKm and alter the pa ~oee ol thisaet '
Rejected
Mr KENNPDY of Maryland then -moved as a
siibs mi c f r r>e original bill an amerdment of
w ich h" h?d heretofore given notice.
Mr. V. W. IRWIN offered as an amendment
to this am ndmeni the proposmon (read this morn-
ing) repealing theac. of July 14, 1832, but modi-
fied his motion so as to mclud" all acts of Congress
al ovung drawbacks on duties on railroad iron;
wh'ch amendmen was rejected
And ihe amendment ot Mr. Kem^edy was re-
jected.
Oa motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the  eommnj!
