CONGRESSIONAL IS LOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.______________________--------WEEKLY--------                      50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27>h Cong..........Hi  Sess.___________       SATURDAY,   AUGUST 7, 1841.                                 Volume 10...........No. 18.
Continued from JVo    17.
which he  (Mr. B ) had «ome time since had the
honor of presenting from a portion of his constitu-
ents, asking for  the establishment of a national
foundry in his district
Mr. B. expressed his opinion that thp subjfct re-
ferred to in the memorial was mtimaiely connected
with the subjects embraced in the bill, and should
be considered at the same time.
Mr. DAWSON said he would answer the gen-
tleman's inquiry with pleasure. No memorial of
the kind had oeen referred to the Military Com-
mitter, nor would they have had the powei to act
on it, had thsy receive 1 it He understood, how-
ever, that a memorial on the same subject had been
before the Military Committee of the Senate, and
that there was a proposition to include the subject
in the fortification bill
Mr WISE «aid he would inquire of the Commit-
tee on the Rules whether they would bi? prepared
to submit a report at this session
Mr HOPKINS of Virginia sa'd that, m the ab-
sence of the chairman, [Mr Calhodn ] who íscon-
fin'ed by indisposition, he would answer the inquiry
of his colleague. The committee had agreed to
many modifications of the rules of the House; and,
a-! modified, the rules were now in the hinds of the
chairman, with instructions to arrange them, and
to prepare a suitable index to the rules. It is ex-
pected that the committee will be able to make a
final report during the present session of Congress.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice that he would here-
after ask leave to introduce a bill to equalize the
compensation of the officers and other persons in
the employment of the Senate and House of Repie-
sentatives.
Mr W. W IRWIN asked leave to present the
memorial ot Gabriel Adams and a great Lumber of
oiher citizens of Pittsburg, Alleghany county, Pom-
sylvama, praying an increase of duty on imported
cigars, so as to make the same adequate to fie
prosperity of the manufacturer of this country,
thereby enabling ¡nm to compete wi h foreign
labor.
Obtecuon was made
Mr. W W. IRWIN asked if it was in order to
note on the journal the name of the objector
The Speaker said it was
Mr KENNEDY of Indiana. Let mine be put
down then.
So the memorial was not received
ARMED STEAMERS.
On motion oí M-. TdOM \S BUTLER KING,
the House resumed tbe consideration of the follow
ing resolution, heretofore reported by him from the
Committee on Naval Affairs
Resolved, That the Secretary uf thtPNavy is hereby directed
to inquire into the expediency of aiding individuals ni compa
mea m the establishment of lines o( armed steamers betwien
some of our (rincipal Northern and Southern poits, and
to foreign ports, to advertise for proposals for the estab ish
mentof such li íes as he may deem most impoitant and prac
ticable, and to leport to this House at the next session of Con
gress
The pending question was en the amendment
heretofore offered to ihe said re olutioa by Mr W
W Irwin, and which is as tollo.8
"Ater the woids 'foreign poits' insert the words and on the
river* Mississippi, Missouri Ohio, and the lakes '
"And then insert, as at ditionat resolutions the following
"Resolved, lhat the Secietaiy of theNavy be asbeitheie
by, directed to inquire and report to the next se sion of Con
gress as to the expediency of purchasing and establishing
a site for a ship yatd on the Ohio ut Mississippi river, to
serve as a depot fot naval stores and to give the means for re
pairs
"Unsolved, That the Secietary of the Navy be also instruct
ed to inquire and report as to the expediency of establishing
depots fot coal tobe used in the naval service at Mobile, Pen
sacóla, Key West, and such othei points as may be deemed
suitable '
Mr KING sent to the Chair ¡he following mo
dtfication of the original resolution
Strike out the words "to ajvertise proposals for
the," and insert "and to ascertain the probable ex-
pense of the "
Mr. KING said that this was simply a resolution
of inquiry, and he presumed that no member debired
to preventan inquiry, directed merely to the expedi-
ency and expense of such ameasure. Much time had
already been taken up in the discussion of this
matter, and as he bad no objection to the amend-
ment which had been proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Irwi ,] but was, on the
contrary, willing to accede to it as a part of the
original proposition, he (Mr K ) would move the
previous question.
Mr. W W IRWIN said that he desired to mo-
d ify his amend nent so as to strike out the words,
"and on the rivers Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and
the Lakes," and insert 111 lieu thereof, the word^,
"on the principal river , bays, and lakes "
This (Mr W. W Ihwin said) would make the
subject-matter of the inquiry more extensive than
it would have been under the original amendment,
and would include Champlain and Delaware bays,
Hudson river, &c.
Mr TRIPLETT asked Mr. Irwin to modify
his amendment so a% after the word "purchasing,"
to insert "a a site, and establishing o ship yard for
building ships and steam vessels on," SfC. [The words
italicised constitute the amendment ]
Mt W W !RW1N accepted the modification.
Mr. McKAY here ra sed the point or order that
the original lesolution bems; the report of ¡he com-
mittee, it was not in order for Mr King, as an in-
dividual member, to modify toar propooitirn
Mr KING was un-'en'ooa to express bis desire
not to accept the pr' posed modification, if not
strictly in order
The SPEAKER was understood-to say that, as
the resolution was the report of a committee, it was
not in order for any individual member of the com-
mittee to modit} it, and that, therefore, the ques-
tion would be on ihe amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr Irtwm,] as modified on
the suggesion of the gentleman irom Kentucky,
[Mr Tbiplett ]
And the question being taken on the demand for
the previous que tion, tnere was a second.
And the mam que*tion was ordered to be now
taken.
And the man question, being first on the modi
fied amendment of Mr. Irwin, was taken, and
decided m the affirmative—ayes 101, noes not
counted
So the amendment, as modified, was agreed to
And then the resolution, as amended, was
adopted
The SPEAKER announced, as the urfirnshed
business of the morning hour, the resolutton here-
tofore offered, calling on the President of the Uni-
ted States for certain information in relaion to the
case of Alexander McLeod, but
Mr BRIGG3 moved that the House now pro-
ceed to the consideration of a motion, heretof ire
made by him, providing th?t 5 000 extra copus of
the report of Mr Barnard, acomr-anying the bill
from the Committee on 'he Judiciary,in relatinn to
the establishmt nt of a uniform system of bankrupt-
cy thmuehou' the United S'a es, be printed
Which mot'on having been agreed to—
Mr INGERSOLL called for the yeas and ray<t
on agreeing to t> e siinc, which \ ere ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—}ea« 93, na}s 115.
So the motion to punt the txtia number was re-
jee'ed.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BARNARD r quired of the Speaker if the
morning hojr bad no' expired?
The SPE4KK"¡! replied in the affirmative
Mr BARNARD I no / move lhat the Hou«e
proceed to di poje of the b.ll on the Speaker's
table
Tbe SPEAKER The gentleman is informed
that that is the order of business which will now
come up
And the bill from the Senate, entitled "An act to
establish a uni'orm system of bankruptcy through
out tbe United States," was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. BARNARD moved that tbe bill be com-
mitted to the Commiitee of-the Whole on tbe State
of the Union, and that.it be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD moved a call of the Honse.
Mr STANLY.   Oh, no; we have plfj*ty here.
Mr. BARNARD, thinking, he said, that the
House was about as full as usual, withdrew the
motion for the call of the House.
And the question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr Athjbrton to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was decided in the negative-
yeas 91, nays 123
So the bill was nit laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the motion of
Mr Barnard, it was decided m the affirmative,
without a diiision.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was ordered
to be printed
CONVENTION WITH MEXICO
The till from the Senate, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled An act to carry into effect
the convention between the United States and the
Mexican Republic," was put upon its first and
second reading by the title.
And, on motion of Mr. CUSHING, the bill
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
REVENUE BILL.
' * The engrossed  bill in relation to duties -and
drawbacks coming up in its order, and the ques-
tion being on the final passage thereof__
Mr PROPPIT said it was well known that,
three weeks  ¡>o, he had offered a resolution pro-
viding that the yeas and cays should be taken on
amendments submitted in committee upon this
bill, and also upon the bank bill He had never
bei?n able to get up that resolution, though he had
frequently endeavored so to do. And what
was the consequence, and what was now the
spectacle piesented? The consequence was that
the ium of eight (and probably even of twelve)
millions had been directed to be raised by imports,
under a b>il which had been hurried through with
hot and indecent haste, and without the members
being allowed to assign one solitary reason for the
votes they had given. Not a single gentleman in
this House was now responsible to the people fer
the passage of this bill. Not a single individual
out of this House could tell how any one of the
members had voted. Here was 1 bill imposing
duties c n art cles which, m his section of country
at 1 au, it wj  supposed never would have been
taxed, and yet no one was responsible for it, be-
cause, the moment the bill had come into the
House, the pievious question cut off all debate,
and forbade any expression of opinion or senti-
ment on the part rf any membir.
After some farther remar , Mr. P. reasserted
that gross injustice haa been done to the mercan-
tile classes by tb •• legislation—a legislation which
(Mr P. was uiider^tood to say) had been welt
characterized in a letter addiesstd to one of the
m mbers from Massacnusc ts, and read by him,
as a ^pecles of Mexican legislation not to be
tolerated.
Mr STANLY replied at some length to Mr.
Ppoffit
Mr s. m the course of his remaiks, expressed
h s surprise at the remarks which had fallen from
the gentleman from Indiana. The gentleman got
up here, no a very old man, and lectured this
House, compoxed as it was of a large majority of
his own fries Js, for passing a measure of more im-
portance th<n all the other measures upon which
they were ca led to act pat together, with hot and
indecent hrs te. This Mr. S. thought, was
unbecoming, highly unbecoming—it was disre-
spectful to this House, and to every member
of it.
Mr. PROPPIT explained.   If he had used any
