278                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a remedy under such circumstances; but that was
not this case. This is not a new question. It has
been agitated foe half a century between the two
parties which divide the country, and is the most
prominent of all the questions in ihat system of
measures on which they hsve been divided. Just
at the moment, when that system of which it is the
heíid, had been overthrown, the party friendly to
the system gained an accidental and temporary vic-
tory, by causes not necessary to explain at this
time. Dreading a reaction, ihey called at this
unsuitable season, an extraordinary session, be-
fore many of the States had elected members*
for the present Congress, and while two
are still unrepiesented in the other House,
and one but half represented in thi*, in
srder to restore in a single «esuon, a
^ystaB^ of measures which had cost half a
century of continued and strenuous efforts on
the part of their opponents to overthrow To ac-
complish their objects, the most despotic rules have
been adopted, and a gag put on the liberty of de-
bate. In order to secure and give permanency to
their victory, every effort has been directed to
force through a Bmfe, chartered fir twenty )ear«,
believing, and justly believing, that if one could
be adopted and continued for -o long a period, it
would caSy in lis train for the lame t me the
whole system of which it is the head, debts., tariffs,
taxes, distribution, and wakeful expenditure-!.
Thus thinking, it was de'ermiued to force the bill
through at all events It was found it could not
pass in the form tt was introduced. A thing called
a compromise was patched up to reconcile dif-
ferences that were tn their nature irreconcilable.
So monstrous was its character, that two member's
of the party could not vote for it under the hishest
pressure, but who were induced to absent them-
selves, in order that a minony might pa1* it
Even then the thing called compromise was adopted
by a single vote, and the bill ordered to be en-
grossed by the same. Had the two absenting Se-
nators attended, it would have been lost; or had
Tennessee been fully represented, it would have
shared the same fate. It is, then, clearly a mi-
nority bill, passed against the sens- of the Senate,
under the false assumption that the question of the
Bank was put in issue at the late Presidential elec-
tion, when it is notonous that in many of the
States, and, among others, Virginia, North Caro-
lina, and Alabama, it was not onlv explicitly de-
nied by the par y that it conni'ulcd any part of
the issue, but positively as erted that General Hat-
nson and Mr. Tyler were bon opposed to one
Such are the circumsianres under which the bi 1
has passed this body, and lov ih ise who hive
thus forced it through—who know that we regard
the Bank as uncons huunml, and fatal to freedom
—hope to fngh en t>s against the discharge of our
duty to the Constitution and th' country, bv rat-
ing a cry against repeal, and talking about
the sacredness of charléis Tiiry would push
their doctrines so far, as to pl&ce every contract
or charter, however unconst.tationa!, which an
Administration party for the time might choose to
make or grant, above the Constituti n; mat is, m
their new-born zeal to preserve contraéis, would
destroy, as he had said, t^e mo t binding and sa-
cred of all contract*, lhc Constitution It their doc-
trines be true, tl -y would permit the granting of
a perpetual bank ohirter, to regulate and control
the currency and bu^ntsbof tbe country for ever,
and thus, by .1 sir gle b'ow, upset the Constitution
and the liberty ot i'k country. It was m vain that
such doctrines wer- pieached to him He agre-d
with the authors <! ih se proceedings, that the
Bank was uncons 1 utior il and faial, deadly fatal
to liberty; and thu tbinMnsf, and after having
given due nottte, h* veil give his vote cheerful
ly, and with arlear r isc e< c, foi a repeal, whea-
evt r we sbonH ob'a n a maj irny.
Mr. ARCHER said thai when neither his col-
league nor him-.e f had been made tne organs of
presentation of in" proe,eedin?s of a meeting, it
was to be regarded as p esuirptive evidence
that it was not the voice of the people of Virginia
which spoke He could not tell the gentleman
that bis nullifying doctr-res tvojlel not prevail in
V«gima.   They were ready there, at all times, to
repudiate such principles. Th°y were as much
against nulbfi-aticn asth-y wire sgamst Abolition
Mr CALHOUN «aid ihat he would make nais
sue with the Senator, as to what Virginia would
do. He left that to be decided by time, trus'mg
with confid-nce to her known devotion to the Cen
stitution and hbetty of the country He regarded
the present contest as much a contest for liberty
as that of the Revolution was for independence
Our ancestors did not throw off dependence en the
British Government, to subjugate thpir posterity
to a moneyed oligarchy, concentrated in a grea
National Bank, with all its affi lated interests.
It gave no offence to him, that the Senator should
call repeal, nullification If it is nullification, hs
[Mr. A ] would findliullifiers far more numerous
than he deems. He saw them all around him,
and heard their response to what he said. He had
no apprehension, if this be nullification, thst Souih
Carobna would stand alone on this as she ¿A on
another mpmorab'e occasion
Mr. TAPPAN«atd that the Senator from Mis-
sippi, [Mr. Henderson ] had commenced by ccm-
p'aming of the Senators upon this side, that tiey
presented memorials and petition'; aganst a Na-
tional Bank, which asserted that Congress had no
conslnutional power 10 charter a Bank, and which
asternm we repeat from tim."1 to time 01 this floor,
"without even offering to prove such act unconsti-
tutional " Tais is a singular complaint. Is the
Senator ignorant ihit this Government 1 - a Govern-
ment of strictly limited and wholly delegated pow-
ers, and that all powers not delegated to it are ex-
pressly reset ved to the S'ates and the people? Does
he not know that he, and those with whom he votes,
hold the affirmative of the proposition and we the
negative?—that he and they claim that this "vaga
bond power," as it was so fmphat cally and truly
called by a distinguished Senafbr on that side, vas
a power clearly granted in th  Constitution?
Knowing this, how can the Senator call on us to
prove a negative? On his side this question has
been treated as a settled question—settled by the
votes of the people, the deci'ionn of Congress and
of the Supreme Court, and they have refused to ar-
gue tt here. Rep"atedly have we called on them
to show us in what clause of the Constitution they
find this power. Tornee calls they have paid no
attention; and now they complain of us for not
proving a negative Does the Senator expect to
escape in ihis was? He and his friends are chal-
lenged to the proof rf their a.wlion I now cha!
lenge them a?am. [Vír. Hí-nderson sud be ¿id
not intend to call for the proof of a nsn ative ] Mr
President, you, and the whole Sena'e, can bear wi -
ness that the Senator began his speech by com-
plaining of us m the manner I have sta ed, if he
said this inadvertently, or wishes to retract it, 1
be it s>", I am content.
Tin? petition was then laid on the table and or-
dered to be minted
Mr BENTON gave notice that h* had a peti-
tion of the same (haracter, in Ih" "entiments of
which he entirely concurred, wh ch he should
present to morrow He gave notice of thi^
that gentlemen might be prepared to conmue this
debate.
Oi motion of Mr. WRIGHT,
Resolved, That the Com nutee on the Library be instructed
to mqune into the expediency oí taking pioper measures for
the distribution of the statistics of the 6 n census now printing
by law
Mr LTNNsubmitted the following.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be le
quested to give the notice to the British Government which the
convention of í Tt between the Governments requnes, morder
to put an end to netieatyfor the joint occupation of ihe tern
toiy of Oegon we=t ot the Rocky Mountains and which tern
toty is now pos~esse 1 tnd used by the Iiuiknn Bay Company,
to the rum of the An erican Indian and Tut trade m that quar
ter, and conflicting with our inland commerce with the inter
nal provinces of Mexico
Mr Allen's resolution relating to the Execu-
tive Session being held with open doors, «ave wh n
treaties were under consideration, was thrn taken
up.
Mr. ALLEN said he would like to take the vote
when there was a full Senate.
Mr. CLAY suggested that some hour be fixed,
when there could be a full attendance on both
sides, and the simple vote be taken. If the sub-
ject should lead to a protracted discussion, he
would feel it his duty  to move  to  lay it on the
table
Mr. ALLEN said h  had no particular desire
to debate it he meint, however, to ofl>r some ob-
seivatioiis. I was not to be presumed that the
vo e on such a «ubjecl should be taken m silence.
He would ¡et it lie f. r the present, and would call
it up either to-morrow or next day.
On motion tf Mr CLAY, the bill from the
House re ating to duties and drawbacks was twice
read, and referred to the Committee on Finaree,
and ordered to be puited
O i mo'ion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the bill
to extend the t me of issoi f< mi 1 a^y If nd war-
tants to officers w\ soldiers ot tn  Revolution, was
twice read, and re'erred to the Ci mrmttee on. Pub-
lic Laid 
The bill to renew the charters of the banks of
the Distuct of Columba was put oa its third read-
ing, when
Mr MANGUM rose to move a reconsideration
of the vote on thp cngrossm-nt.
M- BENTON 1 oped taat >ome reasons would
be given /or ire motion.
Mi. MANGUM- sa'd the-e is a prohibition m
the filth s^ct.on wmeh forbius the banks to issue
o'her denora nation., than notes of five and ten.
dollars, «hilt t'ie banks lu Virginia 1 sued notes of
'ix, s<=vcr>, eight, ' me, a ¡d fifteen, which had to be
placed iu t e e banks t n depo ite
The chau man of t^e Committee for the District
not being m !,i< seat, the qaestion on reconsidera-
tion was not ttken
FORTIFICATION BILL     -
On mo'ior of Air PRESTON, this bill was taken
up as in committee of the wraole
Mr Prestos mo ed the amend & en t, of which
he he had previous1)'given nJtic-, to add lha fol-
lowing section to tne bill-
[Tor surveys m íeference to the military deferces of the
frontier, mla d and Allan lc thu ty thousand dolíais J)
Mr. WOODBRIDGE stated the necessity of
such surveys to the commerce of the States, and
suggested that the amount proposed was not sufc-
cient.
Mr LINN si d he would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs 10 accept an
amendment based on a former report made by the
War Department. The reason he asked the ques-
tion was, that for the last six or seven years, the
War Depa ment had taken an interest in the
p-otee'eon of th.-- Weste'n f'o Ler, towards
which somcthir¿ had been doni*, bu* much
remans to be dene Trio'-go several reports
Were made &i d fluent sec ion--, none rf these re-
ports wire pcted on by Cori2>e<s 111 accordmce
with aiv syiten He h¿d supro cd thts Uli was
th^ fcJl of Lsi sesión, which 0 d rotcor'am any
estima es for • pprt pna'ions for L°avenwortb, or
for the np« mi'i aiy posts at the Marais de Cygne.
He apprehended the-e wat not no-v any necescity
tor en  ring into an eximinatioT of these suo,ects
anew, as fie leporis of former competent eipnee's
ous;ht to s.ui-fy tre Senit  o tne 1 eeessity of mak-
ing ?n approp lauon Í01 toes two ebjee s at le*st.
Cong ess is 1.0 vX tj pro1ect all the people of this
Uiiion pgainsi ag^re'sion, ha' tneie ,s a drifleduty
on the pa. t of this Givernment to protect that por-
tion oí trie Union which, by iti own act, it h3S
plac d m a condition otrei\iiriD% especial protection.
The W.'s'trn joittiet v is in thu> peculiar situa-
tion W'v did he make this lemark? Because
the Indian popu'dt < 11 oí the old States vas made
by Consrese to gi\e place to the political white
population, and t >ese Indian fibes thhs re-
moved were placed on the Wester" fiontier
thereby creating a paramount necessity ioi protect-
ing that uontiei against.bur def reflations o< hosti-
1 ties. Nodoabt it wa..  ioe as ¡egaidel ihs old
State", and be-evolcnt to the Indians, to rmove
tnose tribjs ¡rom the occu nancy of ¡heir so 1, that a
civilized populat on might rpread over and culti-
vate it, but it was veiy oppre s've as regarded the
new States, a>*d very unjust, unless protection was
af the same time afforded These new States could
have contended sgamst their own Indians, as they
had contended fiom the first settlement; but when
they nad, in addition to them, to contend against
upwards of thirty thousand Indian warriors from
