é
282
vorable te a successful termination. Bat how fal-
lacious !! Por, in the report of the same officer,
dated October 6, 18-10, he íays:
"The balance of the funds that remained unexpended at fie
close of the operations la&t year being too sniail to attempt a
prosecution ot the work tins sprint, the pece-saiy repairs to the
boat, &c were delayed until it should be seen whethei a fur
ther appiopnation would be made by Congiess IN o appro
pnatioii having been made, and ae the repair of the boats, and
preparations would have nearly consumed the funds on hai d,
and left nothing to operate with, it became necessary to dispose
of thepropeity in the most advantageous manner The steam
tow boat, keete, aid blasting powder b mg exposed to mjuiy
and loss, and the keeping of them attended with expense, they
■were sold at auotiou with such oí the perishable property as
it was conb deled not advan'ageous toietam Such tools and
machinery as would be seiviceab! upon a re^ump ion of the
work weie stored, and 'he crane boats and scows dismantled
and sunk "
And ther?, Mr. President, said Mr. Y ends the
chapter, ' Dismantled and sank " And when are
they to be rats d? St, no one can venture, under
the signs cf the t.me , who ha1- any regard for his
reputation, even to prophecy. And so it is with
that great Western measure, ihe Cumberland road,
alike doomed to an indefinite procrastination The
Senator from Mame [Mr Evans] Ind said that in
opposing the mo.ion to recommit rae bill for the
purpose of including appropriations for the dc-
tences of the West, it was not his intention
to turn his back upon (hat part of the country.
But, Mr. Fresident, said Mr. Y. the Senator has
not told us when tnese interests are to be looked
to. Still we are not withou* some information in
regard to our prospects.
BIThe Secret .iy of W>r, m his repo t of May 31,
1841, tee first day of this extraordinary session,
says:
"The subject of the expediency of completing the Cumber
land road atd jf imp owns certain harbors and the navigr
tion of cettamgieat uvers which may be rtgirded asneceesa
ry and ^topei, in making adequate provision foi the public
defence, I propose to postpone the furthet notice of unut the
Btatedsession of Congress aatht consideration ofn willmvolve
thi piopnety of making appropnmons lot vanous woiU of
intert ai mpiovcmewts no ln-ces^uily connected with that ob
ject, and consequent!) v\ill icqtinc tnoie tune than L ngre&s at
Itsapproac nn^ session miy hud it convenient to givo "
Tons "-peaks ihe new Secretary ot War. He
proposes to pes poi.e the great river*, the lakes,
and the roads, 10 a more convenient season. Well,
Mr. President, said Mr Yiuno, I propose to post-
pone the fortifications on fflie seabourd, al o, ..J a
more convenient season—until all the df fences
can be taken up together and acicd upon with
equal justice to all pails of this widely extended
Union. In C >1. Toi eo's íeport, which is append-
ed to that  f the S>cittiry ot War, a mine definite
idea is presen ed in ifgird to th s mdehm e p«ru d
of postponement, to which Mr Y said he v ou'd
call the attention ot 'he beua'e, and equally ti e
Senators whose cons linen's resided upon the grea*
laites, the sreat nvuo, aid the si at road-, which
had been left out ot the arrangement. Col fot
ten say*, aíier speaking o-i the subj-ct of th" ia-
vored fort ficvio is, ih it
"Thete vvliJsoil it n at i iDdny ports and hatbor , and esti
blishmentb of one sou or anothei, which, either a* ureseniin0
less temptation i j the cupidity of antnemy as being more out
of the way otenteipiisc6: as acting asu ondiry pait m the dt,
fensive air moment 01 ib being ot niferioi importance, it is
supposed may be omitted tut the comj It lion ot the fi'st pot
tion of the system "
Yes, Mr President, "until the completion of ihe
fir^t portion ot the sj st ru"—until the eompletu n
of the fortifications emlnaced b,' the bill now un-
der consideration Ant wh n will they be com-
pleted, and at wnat expense? Tl>e expanse of re-
pairs, cotni l'tion  nd armament, is stated at
$ 12 186 557; but tbo time u beyond the krn of
mortal vision at present. And still, said Mr. Y.
•we of the West, vnh our extei ded frontier, ex-
posed, as it was k'sown id be, in me event ot uar,
wereexpec ed to wa t for the co.noktion of the
first pa-t of in,? sy<-u n, and the expenditure on the
Atlantic scbot-id in the interim oí more than
twelve millions o dollars
In rekard to the necessity of the improvement of
th* Rock liver, a-'d D^moints raoids of ihe
Mississippi, the G l°na Charmer o Co-rrnere", m
a memorial to Co'g-ess on t^a' subject, dated
January 14, 1840, sta'es, "that during the low
water season, iroii Ju'y to December, steamboats
of the smallest class, naviffa'mg the nvei Mi sis-
«ippi, between Galena <-nd St Louis, (principally
engaged in the lead Irade) are compelled to trans-
ship iheir cargoes to keel boats and lighter', caus-
ing injurious delays, very considerable additional
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ii«k, and great augmentation in the price of trans-
portation; which mcrepse of expense and los« for
tne trade of Galeaa alee exceeded dtirtr^ tne
year 1839, one hundied thousanl donar-.'
Bu , Air President, said-lVir. Y. this's íotall;
it is equally rexes ary in a mi vary point ot view.
In case of *ar, tn ops., inanitions of war, and pro-
vision', must pa^s these rapids to supply the g.r-
rison. at Pratre du Chten, and fort Snelimj al
tie mouth of the St Peters river, as well as for
the defence of the whole country as high up as
our boundary line, including the entire countiy on
the upper M sissij p', and its mime-ons tributaries.
So, m the event ot war, .vill troops, munitions
of war, and provisions, hsve to be transported
from place to p'ace on our lakes—we must have
fleets and armies there as well as upon the sea-
board, and we must have harbois for tl>e protec-
tion of these fleet*
Mr President, said Mr. Y. I am Dot opposed to
voting reasonable supplies fir the neces>ary de-
fence of the country whelner the money is to be
expended in the North or in the South, in the
East or in the West And I know, too, that ínecj ía-
luy, growing out of kcal causes beyond our con-
tiol, must pievail in the relative amount of ihe ex-
penditures—'o ihis I do not object. But when one
portion of the defences, in which a large portion of
tlip Union is deeph-, nay, vitallf interested, in
case of war, is left wholiy out of view, as a mere
secondary matter for future consideration,! must
enter my solemi protest against any such arrange-
merit. Will not ihe bold, adventurous mariner,
who navigates alike the ocean and th" lake, when
he cees the lighthouse and the weil-protectcd harbor
on the ¡shores of the Atlantic, and tbe'r almost en-
ure absence o'i this great cha n of inland eas, in
the North and West, demand the reason for this
diffeience? Why his vessel and his lt'e shall be
thu, jeopirded upon the one end not upon the
other"! An! will not the hardy enterpnsmg back-
woodsman of ih.3 West also demand the reason
for the d ffeieuce which is. nov proposed by ihe
measure undor consideration, according to which
and the repon  of the Sett etary of War and the
ch cf of the Et  ineer Department, the de!ence5 in
that portion oí our country are to be mdefim ely
postponed?
I trust, Mr. President, said Mr. Y. that ihe bill
may be recommitted witn. instructions so to amend
it as to provide foi the mpiovemcnt ot harbors,
ihe r'eirmg out ot rivtis, th^ c 11 traction of roads,
and the buildiuj up ot lur'ihcitK n-.. ars iia's, &c.
on our mlirj lion'ier, upon an ej, ended pld ,
which--hall to equal justice to dllpirts of ihe coun-
try It, said Mr. Y m conclusion, this i^ not
done, and the majority in thio body sha 1 p rtir.d
ciously insist upon the bill a-, it is, pgai si all
amendments, as has i een oone muíercuce to
ot. ti bul , he would not vo e ag-n i*t it
Auerienvtks by Mes<r«. WHITE, E/ANS,
PREá TON, and SSiVlKR, 11 re ation lo recomm t-
tn^ the bill, me amendment was rejected—jeas
13, nays 25.
The quesdon recurring on the motion of Mr.
Sevieb, i' was rej^e'ed—yeas 17,  nays 20
Tnuj the Señale refused to recomm t the bill.
Mr. PORTER moved an amendment to appro-
priate for barrack , defence , &c at Detroit, tifty
tiousani dol'ars
He advocated this amendment, showing the im-
m"iis" imporUii ce o the cteience ot Detroit, and
tic'ii"i .me.ii'ri nt was not a m^tt.'r of momen-
t\r_, i i^u se, b t had been r^eoanr^ended by the
S^u tary oí War, an ! tb rt oie life i not be ob-
jcc1 d to for die want if t^e saniAon. t tie Dejidn-
ment.
Mr. EVANS snojld, vn h much iJt,c anee, b*
c< repelled to vote .i'jaiust 1'ie amendment, sit  ti-
tile appiopriáüon was necej*ar), and ne wjnl lwe
for it in ib proper p ace, out a bill was now Delo.e
the House oí Representative , in wh'ch this very
dpprop'ialion was included.
Some conversation arose, as to the fact of its be-
ing included in the bid now before the House, and
Mr. PRESTON suggested to ihe Senator to with-
diaw his amendment, and offer it when that bill
came up.
Wi.hout taking the question on the amendment,
Tne Senate adjourned at four o'clock
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, August 9, 1841.
FISCAL BANK.
Mr. SERGEANT mo ved that the House resolve
itselt irto Committee oí the Whole on the state cf
the Union, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No  5, commonly called the Bank bill
After some conversation, the motion of Mr S.
bemis agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Wh ile on the state cf ihe Unon, (Mr. John C.
Clark of Ne« York in ü e chair )
Mr SERGEANT moved th t the committee
t '"- up the bill to incorporate the subscribers to
the Fiscal Ba'.k of the United States
Mr. RGOSEVELT moved that the committee
proced to the consideration of tne Senate bill to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United S ates.
Mr. STANLY inquired if that bill had been
printed.
The Cler¿ replied that it had not yet been
pr.nted.
Mr. STANLY Said the House had refused this
session to take up bills that had not been printed.
Mr. ROOSEVELT then moved that the commit-
tee take up the bankrupt bill, heretofore reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Some conversation followed.
After which, the question on the motion of Mr.
Sergeant was put, and decided in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said he perceived it was the
iiiennon of the House to give the bankrupt law
the go-by.
[Laughter ]
The committee proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to incorporate the subscribers to the Fiscal
Bank of the United States.
The bill was read through; after wh.ch, it was
taken up by sections. And the first section having
been read, and the question being on the adoption
thereof—
Mr. SERGEANT addressed the committee up
to the expiration of his hour, in favor of the con-
stitutionality ot a Bank of the United States. He
said that the Constitution had never worked well,
and never would work we' , without a machine
simeihing like the one con'emplated by the prfent
bill. Tbe cons iiution?! question wis settled, so
as no longer to admit of i doubt. It was treaud
in point tit respect j jst as if it hiü be n introduced
in teims ln'o the Constitution. Mr. S took an
historical view of the subj ct, from the year 1780,
when, as he «id, the R^presen'atwes of the nation
resoited, for the purpose of cirryiai on the strug-
gle tor .adepenlence, and bringing it to a happy
con-ldsion, to die very thing contained in this bill.
In S'ippc-t of th s, Mr. S quoted the resolution
pa' elm December, 1781, when the Congress of
the Confederation dtclared that a Bank of the Uni-
ted States was indispensable for carrying on the
flnancal operations of tne Governiifnt. Mr S.
quot d thecharte's of the Bank is 1791 and 1816,
by Congress, the recommendation of President Ma-
d'son in 1816 to charter a Bin''; and a deci-ion of
the Sipreme Court, as aa'hor.ttes in support of
the constitutionality ot the measure
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York hVn ordained
the floor, and commenced his artument against the
bill, by moving to strike out tfte enactiBg claU'e.
(For his remarks, see Appendix )
Mr. S&XUDERS of Nona Caroiaa said he
was not will*ng to suffer a bill invt lving questions
of such vital importance to pass,withoutan effort on
i i •'Tt to expose iL true íeatures aid its alarming
hafactc-. He agreed win t'i= gentleman fiom
PenpsylvaMd, [,f r Seroeínt,!  l it all the pre-
eecV.g m-'a'-ures cl the se-Si n tnuld be compara-
tively insieiificant, should this b.li fail. Tneir ef-
fects mig it be temporary, and all the evils they oc-
casioned easily remedied; but the effects of the bill
on the tab'e were of wider extent and more endur-
ing character. It would not do for its advocates t j
maintain that the power to charier a Bank was a
settled question.   The question  was to be settled
