zm
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;Ui"              '               .......<iWt-\;\:Urw.....              .~
they occupied the lands of the Stales themselves;
and the people of the StatescouW not be restrained
from intruding upon them. The case is now en-
tirely different. Tbey are beyond the limits of any
organized State—they are situated between the
States and a vast uninhabitable prairie, which con-
fines them on both sides Their lands are secured
to them by treaty and by solemn conveyance from
this Government—the boundary between them and
the States is permanently established; and no citi-
zen of the States is permitted to seitle within their
country—their country, in fact, is as firmly
secured to them, as it is possible to m?ke
it; and nothing bnt a war, or the slow
operation of time can change the present sute of
things Indeed, I consider that all our forts upon
that border should be made as durab'e as it is ne
cessary to construct works for frontier defence It
is objected that Fort Smith and Fort Gibson are
too near together, and that Port Gibson is unne-
cessary. I will explain to the Senate the necessity
for both of these works. Fort Smith is <lesigned
for the defence of the State of Arkansas, Fort Gib-
son is situated in a corner where ihe territories se-
veral of the Indian tribes connect together. It
was located there for the purpose of comply-
ing with our treaty stipulations which re
quire us to preserve peace among ihe Indian
tribes; and aNo to protect them liom the
the attacks of the wild tribes of the West Both
these forts are of indispensable nece^tty, as is also
Fort Wayne, and the work contemplated to be
situated on the south of the Arkansas river. These
works of defence, upon the bolder  of Arkansas,
are not only deigned as works of defence, but
ihey are intended to be used as places of refuge, to
which the fiontier citizens may fly in case of hostile
incursion.
We ask the appropriation which the amendment
of my colleague calls for, to carry on the tmpoitant
work immediately upon the bor>i<r ot our Statt,
and which is situated upon a fine navigable river,
by which i can be easily supplied wiih all the mu
nitions of war Fort Smith is deMancd to be a
great military depot for the West The present
appropriation will enable the work to progress, but
that now asked for is to carry it thiough a pi rl'on
of the next year I hop it will be adop ed by the
Senate.
The question was then taken on ¡Mr Sfvier's
amendment, and it was decided m the affir-
mative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Choate,
Clay of Alabama, Pulton, Linn, UcRoherts, Mm
gum, Mouton, Sevi. r, Smith of Indiana, Tall-
madge, Tappan, Walker, White, Wt odbridi;r,
Woodbury, Wright and Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Baj-
ard, Berrien, Clay <>f Kentucky, Clayton, IXxon,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Miller, Morehi-ad,
Porter, Prentiss Pres'on, j>nd Sou hard—17.
Mr BERRIEN then moved an amendment ap-
propriating $208,618, to pay the claims doe Geir-
gia for the service  of her miliua,&c. Mi B. ex-
plained the amendment.
Mr. PRESTON was awir«thc money was justly
due, but he should feel obliged to ippo-e ihe
amendment. He had stru pled hird to keep all
extraneous mattei from the bill, and now to ..dm't
so heavy an incumbrance must en langer its sife-
ty.
Mr. WALKER, said if the foitificalion bill was
made a subject whereon to indemnify the claim-; of
States, he should feel bound to pre-ss for lb je of
Mississippi
The debate was further contimifl byM<w-
EVANS, WALKER, BUCHANAN, KING aid
others; when
Mr. LINN moved to amend the a nendment so
as to bung in the clai iof Misouu 'or th ef-
vices of htr volun'eers in the years 1829 ?nd
1836.
Mr. COTHBERT spoke with great zeal m favor
of the amendment ol  tus colleague   (Mr    Ber-
RIEK.)
Mr BARROW, Mr CLAY ol Alabama, and
Mr. WILLIAMS, all announced then intention ot
offering amendments in favor of the claims of their
jespective States.
Mr. LINN having withdrawn his amendment to
the amendmsnt of Mr. Berries', the question was
taken on Mr B's proposition, and decided n the
negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton, Mangum, Morehead,
Tallmadge, White, Williams, and Young—11.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Graham, Huntraaton, Ker, Ltnn, McRobens,
Miller, Mouton, Nicholson, Phelps, Pieiee, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Sr-vier, Wmiih f Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, T-ippan, Walker, and Wood-
bridge—27.
A motion was then made to adjourn, but failed—
yeas 18, nays 19
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
question on concurring with the committee taken
separately on each amendment When the amend-
ment in rela ion to the purchase of a site for a West-
ern armorv wai read,
Mr. WHITE said he had heard Pittsburg sug-
gested as an eligible site for an armory, and he
would tbertfore move to amend the amendment so
as the words "Northwestern" *b' uld be added.
Mr WALKER said that was where it ought
to be.
The amendment was adopted.
The question then coming up on concurring in
the amendment >o appropriate seventy-five thou-
sand dollars for a Western armory,
Mr. CLAY expressed his intention of voting
against the appropriation as inexpedient hi the pre-
sent condition of the public Treasury
Mr. BENTON said he was completely taken by
su' prise at ihe announcement of this opposition
from a quarter which he knew must be fatal to the
measure. If he had been aware of it, he could
have pioduccd a cart load of documents, consisting
of reports fiom the Departments in its favor He
could have proved that the espenst of transporting
arms from Harper's Ferry and from Sprmtfield to
ti e West would, over and over aga n, cover the
expense of constructing thi. work. The Wfsf, for
the last twen'y fivo years, had been asking it as a
matter ot justice He had urged it four year , ago,
when there was a surplus of fort) million^ in the
Treasury, and it was it-en refused, and now wo are
told there i. no money in the Treasury, and his is
to be a reason of reí usil In f,;c'there had bren
no appropriate time for this measure, euhcr in
peace or war—either with an overflowing or ai
exhausted Tr<asnry, during the last twenty-five
years Had he the opportune of leaving his stat
to procure the necessary documents, he could de-
moastrald to tre Senate and to the country the
gros,s injustice to the West m this determu ed re-
sis anee in granting this appropriation; but as no-
thing he could say would have anv effict on the
vo e, h- would only call for the ays and m^s
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky seconded the c>ll for
the ayes and noes, an 1 said be would gladly record
hi* vole against it.
Mr. KING made some remarks as to the propr,-
ety of considering these questions not in a sectional,
but in a national point oi view, and moved an ad-
journment, which was carried,
And the Senate adjourned.
IIOTJSL Or REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, August 3   lvll
Hy general ionsolt, petitions and memorials were present-
ed by the following gentbmen,  and vveio appiopiiately re-
U lied
Mi   HOWARD nf Michigan
Mr HUBARD offered the proceedings of a-pnbhe meeting
hell in Buiku Jura count), Virginia the 12tli if July 1841,
it which Mai n thirl s Yancey presided and Tilomas J Bo
cock e q icted as '•ccretary, and runarke 1 Untitle resolutions
declaiul Utetxti i session of Coigiess uncalled for and in|udi
cunt1*, and inmioverted ihe assumpti m that, m ihe last Presl
clonllal canvass the people decided igamsf the Independent
Treasury and in fivoi of a National Bank, an 1 donjlng the
onstitutioiial oowei of Congress to incorporate a Bank or i
Tiscal Asenry under any name whatsoever and pronouncing
a. National B ink inexpedient and dangerous to the liherty of
theceuntry 1 hey protest asainst the mcoiporation of a Na
tionat Bank, under any name and again^f it* lcloc ition in any
nook or comer ol this Confedeiacv, 'and furtharmoiedeclaring
in event of a united States Bank being incorporated, their 'in
di&pensable duty lo urgs -gainst it unceasing war, and to
use untlrlne exertions to seeuie its lepeal   lemon
strating against distributing the proceeds of the pub
he lands among ihe states as impolitic, danserous and uncon
stitutional, and against any augmenta ion of the tariff, as being
| both unconstitutional and a breach ol the laith of the nation,
plighted in the compromise act, and finally requesting their
representative,and the Hon J C Calhoun, to lay a ropy of the
same before their respective Houses
Mr HUBARD also presented the proceedings of a public
meeting, enclosed to him by the select committee, composed
of Messrs ) C Page, S Hobson, and Jos Fuqua, and held at
Cumberland Court House, the 26th of July, 1841, at which Col
James Isbell presided as chairman, and Samuel Hobson, esq
acted as secretary, and observed, that the resol utions declared
the incorporation of a National Bank an act of usuipation by
Congress, because the Constitution does not confei the power,
and, furthermore, because the convention which framed it
twice considered and rejected a proposition to confer it—and
tint a National Bank is an institution of deadly hostility to the
principles of free Government—thatits persevering efforts con-
tinued, through a long series of years, to coerce both the Go
vernment and the people to a servile submission to Its dictation
—wain us, "trumpet tongued," nevei again to permit its ex-
ls ence within our borders, and that should a National Bank be
mcoi porated, no matter by what name it may be called, oi
wheie located, " they hold it lo be the right and duty of any
succeeding Congress, whenevei the people shall give it the
powei, to clear away the rubbish " In a word, they go decided-
ly for the lepeal of ltschaitei The lesolutlonsdeny absolutely
the assertion ' that the election o! General Harrison was a deci£
sion by the people m favor of a National Bank " Ihey con-
demn ihe distribution of the proceeds of tbe public lands
amongst the States asunwanantedby the Constitution, and ac
cording to the showing by the authors of the measure, of the de-
ricientstate of the revenue, unwise and improvident m the ex-
treme—and that they are constrained to regard this measure as
'an assumption of State debts " They protest against thedis
tnbutiun bill, as being included in the 'chaptei of accidents,"
warranting a revival of the "American system," and a further
increase of a protective tariff—and remonstrate against the pre-
sent extia session of Congress, as uncalled for by the public in-
terest, and request their chaiiman and secretaiy to sign the re
solutions, and that they be forwarded by a select committee to
their Representative, and to the Hon I C Calhoun, to be laid
befóle their lespective Houses
Mr CARY, of Virginia, on leave, offered the following reso-
lution
Resolved, 1 hat the Postmastei General hednected to com-
municate to this House all the information in his possession
relative to the detention of the great Southern mail, going
Noith, in the cuy of Baltimore, thirteen hours and a half, and
11 there i& no remedy in his power for this national inconve-
nience
Mr MALLORY suggested to Mi   C   so to modify his resolu-
tion as after the word "North" to insert "m the city of Wash-
neton,"and
Mr CARY accepted the modification
And the resolution, as modified, was agreed to
Mi BARNARD asked leave to present the pioceedings of a
public meeting hetdm the city of New York, in relation to a Na
uonal Bank
Mr STEENROD objected
Mr B YRNARD a«kcd leave to present the proceedings of a
public meeting held in the city of Albany, in relation to a bank-
rupt law
Mr bTEENROD objected, unless, he said, the puvllege was
nndegeneril
Mr WARRLN agí' iteil that all petitions in the hands of
members m r< Uno o a bankrupt taw and a fiscal bank should
be leceived, and lefure I to the wommutee of the Whole on the
state of the Union But he would, he said, obfect to the printing
of any oí ihem
Mi PROTFIT thought, he said, that the presentation of these
petitions at ihe present time could do no good Most gentlemen
had made up their minds, and m order to give an opportunity to
gentleman to express their opinions o.i the Bank bill during the
time that yet remained to them to do so, lie moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union
\nd  the question being taken,  the  vote  stood—ayes 57,
noes 4b
But no quorum voted
Mi PRon IT said, as he did not desne to inteifere with the
wishes ofgentlemen he would withdraw his motion
And the motion having been withdrawn—
Petitions ind memoiials were presented (under general con-
sent) by the following gentlemen, and  were refeired appro
pi lately
Messrs KENNEDY of Maryland, LINN BOYD, HUNT,
FllLMORE CH1LDS, BARN ARD, GORDON, SUMMERS,
HUBARD, TOLVND, INGERoOLL, STRATTON, BRON-
SON, RANDALL of Maryland, MAXWELL CROSS, DAVIS
of New Yoik, POPE, CHITTENDEN, ALLEN of Mame,
JOHN VAN BURÉN, P Q GOODE of Ohio, and WOOD of
New York
Mr JONES of Maryland, on leave given, offered the follow
me resolution, which was adopted
Resolied, Thatthe Cummitteson Naval Aflansbe instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making immediate pro
vision for the defence of the Chesapeake bay by steam bat
tenes
Petitions and memorials were furthei presented by Messrs
SERGEANT, HOLMES WALLACE, and CRANSTON
Mi LEVY asked the House to take up and consider a reso
iution beretofoie ofTeied hy him, calling on the War Depart
mentfor certain informa ion touching the Florida war, &c
The resoh tion having been read,
Mr MALLORY inquired of tho Speakei if it was in order
now to move to % unto committee
TheSPEAKXR said ¡hat motion was in order at anytime
Mr ADAMS said that he desued to offer an amendment to
theresolutitn of the gentleman from Florida [Mr Levy J
Mi MAI LORY said that thlsiesolution, if entei tamed, would
give rise to debate
The SPEAKER said the resolution could only be entertained
at this time by ¡reneral consent
Ml MALLORY ob|ected
So the resolution went over
Mr WH IHMS of Maryland   asked leave to introduce a
resolution instructing the Committee of Ways and Means to
inquiie into tne expediency of making an appropriation for a
fort at Havie de Grace
Mr P GOODE felt constamed, he said, to object
So the resolution was not received
iOn motion of Mr TILLIN&HAS1, the House took up, on Us
first and second reading, the joint resolution from the Senate on
