293
COKGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was twice read, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr SEVIER,
Resolved, That the Secretary of tha Treasury be instructed
to inform the Senate what amount ot Indian moneys (legacies
or trust funds) have Leen converted mto State stocks and m
stocks of which States, and the amount of such investments in
each State where in vestments have been made
Mr S said be had called for this information m
consequence of a section in the land bill, m which
States were held up as indtbted, and among others
his own State, and he desired the facts in the case
The resolution submitted by Mr Linn, directing
the President to give the notice required under the
convention of 1827, to put an end to the treaty for
the joint occupaiion o*" Oregon west of the Rocky
Mounfaias, came up m its older
Mr LINN said it was a very important resolu-
tion, and might give rise to a debate of some
hour .
[A. cry of "Refer it."]
Mr L said he wouU do so, wie he not con-
vinced that, if he did, it would be consigning it to
the tomb of the Capalet- He would oass it over
informally for the presert.
The Sena e then proceeded to the cons deration
of the fortification bill, the motion, pending b"ir g
that the Senate do not concur in Uie amendment
appropriating $75,000 for thepiuch-s of a site for
the erection ot an armory
rORTiriCATION BILÍ—WE&HRN ARMORY
Mr BENTON occup ed he flooi ft r some time
in support of the amendment (For his remarks,
see Appendix )
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky wished to "ay a word
or two iu reply—calmly, wi'h ot wm', nail, ¡"Sun,
or stoi">, but very gently Now whit did this
am'■ní^ien' propose? It proposed to est tbUsh an
?rmory in t>-e We t, South.wt.st, or N nhwest, it
m\i t-i> lOn, Iidiaoa, Illinois, Mich gm, Mis
snuu, Ai ia Ms, Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabima,
&c ¿f an < this is to be such a m ghty matter to
fh  Great Wtat' Such a greit matter to have an
srmoiy m some location, nobody ean tell where,
but wherever it is to be, the Great West is to be the
great gainer. It really did seem to him to be unne-
cessary to go into this matter at the present mo-
ment. He had six or seen propositions lor its lo-
cation iu Kentucky. But whether it was there, or
elsewhere, or remained in Massachusetts, all we
want is good muskets.
He thought, in the present financial condition of
the country, the amendment ought not to be con-
curred in. When the idea ot a Westein -rmory
was originated, it was in consequence of the great
expense and delay aticnehnt on the transportation
of arms. The present Krmones at Spnn„fit Id and
Harptr'¡> Fcry manufaeiuied -rms sufiuum lor
all purpose, and he thought could, wi h the present
facilities uf commtimcat on—ra lrodi s canals, &«
—manufacture and transpon th ni c'ieaper than
they could be made for five yeais to co~ne ¡n a ly
aewarmoiy that might be erects d He was not ur-
fnendly to the scheme, and would, ai the proper
lime, give it his support, but at this late stage of the
cession, and in the embarrassed state of the nuan-
ces, it would be better to rafk  it the subject of af
ter consideration.
Mr PRESTON said the amendment had re-
ceived the sanction of the committee I seemed
that an prmcry was considered indispensable some
where in the West, but the seleoiion ot the site was
what created the delay The difficulty was now
obviated by rt faring the se'ec ton of the cite to the
President, and he should vote for it
Mr WHiTE then moved to strike out from the
amendment "Western, Smlhwestein, and North-
western," and insert "armory on the Western wa
ters "
Mr KING expressed doubt whether a location
could be selected which would be sat,s actory to
all. He wa- not decided as to the expediency of
this amendment at present, they had not received
sufficient information from the Depar o nt as to
the numter of small arms now manufactured, and
whe.her there was nece si'y for furlher provision
for them. He should not under these cucara
stances, vote for the appropnalion
Mr WHITE urged the claims of Pittsburg as
the rendezvous for the United States military forcer,
either in attack or retreat, and its local advantages
in respect to mites of coa!, iron, &c its being
the tdt cf the art", and bet'er furnished with me-
chani-s and machinery than any oiher poiat in the
Union, besides being at the head qf navigation to
the West, Sjuihwest, and Northwest—accessible,
also, by railroads, canals, and public roads from
the North and East
Mr BENTON thought the proposition had
been amended often enough, by and by, it would
have no resemblance to the original
Mr BUCHANAN desire i that the hnguage
might be broad enough to include Pittsburg,
and then he shou'd vote for the amendment of the
bill
Mr LINN «aid he believed Pittsburg would be
his second choice, but he thought some point on
the Western waters less liable to be blockrd up
by ice, or cut off from navigation by summer
droughts, ought to be the first choice. He pointed
out how New Orleans might have be°n lost in the
last war ii its defence had been dependent on the
supply of aims at the time shipped onboard a
steamboat at Pmsburg, but which did not arrive in
time
Mr SEVIER said the Senate seemed willing to
e ¡ibrace Pntsburg within the scope of the selec-
t on Hs thought if all the requisites of Govern-
ment—'a*d, wood, coal, minerals, open naviga-
tion at all season<, plenty of wa er, &z wf re e sen
tial, Arkansas would have a pre-cmiat nt c aim
Mr. PRESTON said, a. the selection of a site
would be be left to a commission appointed by the
President, he thought there could be no difficulty
in altering the phiase to "the Western wa'ers "
Mr BENTON asked if that would include wa-
ters flowing east?
Mr PRESTON explained
Mr TAPPADT  as surprised to find so much
difficulty in determining what was meant by ihe
West. He had always understood it to mean the
country west of the Allegany mountains
Mr. WHITE again modified the amendment, so
as to read "on the waters of the Valley of the Mis-
sissippi."
Mr. BENTON suggested the propriety of leaving
out the word "waters "
Mr. WALKER spoke in favor of including the
largest scope of Western country in the amend-
ment He admitted the many advanlages enjoyed
by Pittsburgh, and was of opinion that place
would be the point s«kc'ed by the comm ssioners,
on account of its nav gati n, central situation,
coal, mmerals woo partisans, machinery, &c
Mr WHITE said he would not debate the mat-
ter further, but merely call fot the vote.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that the very eloquent
remarks of his friends had brought htm to the con-
viction that Pitisbuigh was in the Wed. He
would, therefore, vote for thp amendment
Mr YOUNG hoped, when the selection was to
be mad , the superior cUims ol Cairo would not
be overlooked
The anendment has rejected.
The question then being on concimng with the
amendment of the committee, it was carried by the
following vote.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bate=, Ben'on,
Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbcrt, Fulton,
Henderson, King, Linn, McRobeits, Mou'on,
Nicholson, Porter, Preston, Sevier, Smith of In-
diana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tapran, Walker,
White, Williamv, Woodbndge, Woodb jry, Wnght,
and Young—28
NAYS—Messrs Bayar¿, Btrnen, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evan , Graham, Ker,
Miller, Morehead, and Pnelps—11
The next amendment was that offered by Mr
ShviER, aopripriaung fifty ihousand dollars for
repans at Forth Smith, Arkansas
Mr. SEVIER stated that he had reeuvd a 'et-
ter from the Secretary of War, mfoimmg him that
an unexpended balance of appropriation for that
fo,t remained on hand, aid coneequently the
amendment was unnecessary. The letter was
icad by the Secretary, and Mr S expressed the
hope that the amendment woutd not be concurred
in.
It was accordingly rejected.
Mr. ALLEN renewed the motion for amend-
ment made yesterday by him, appropriating one
hundred ihousand dollars for the construction of
armed steamer , and such other vessels of wr on
Lake Erie as the President may think proper
Mr. ALLEN advocated this aroendxent, as de-
manded for the defence of Lake Erie, and for the
purpose of making our force equal to that of the
British Government, whose steamers were cruising
about our coast, prying inte its exposed parts
Mr. PRESTON opposed the amendment as ir-
relevant to the bill.
Mr. CLAY of Alibama, desirei some gentlpman
convei ant witn the subject to give some idea of
the relative forces cf the two powers on the lak<=%
how many steamboais were owi«d by ¡?ea, &c.
He was not dispi ed to go to hs additio al ex-
pense wilhout unde'Siand ng tl e mo on in ly.
Mr. PORTER said the Briti i Government hal
but two steamers, of one hundred tons eaco, we
had thirty or forty steamers of fron two to eight
hundrel ton . They had been i formed through
th- papers, that the Bn ish Government had re-
cently built two armed steamers of about four hun-
dred tons each, which were now cruising about
tho>e waters. We h?d decidedly the advantage
in point of number, but whether our merch-nt
steamers would be able to cope #it*i war°te . rers,
he was not able to judge; but the m ■  titmiis-
portation on those lakes were a rr> s >n i 'y
m our hands. He was friendly t t i <■  n
this quarter, and should vote tor the am r .f,
although he did not think it would be adopted
Mr WOODBRIDGE read from the Buffalo Ad
vertiser a list of the arnva's and depar ures of
American vessels at that port with a view of show-
ing that theie was quite a sufficient n\' r-b=r, if
armed tnd equipped, for the defence of the iakc^ in
cases of emergency, to overmatch any povsibie
force that coulel be mustered by the British Wuh
regard to the capacity of those vessels to receive
heavy guns, or to stand the concussion of firirg
them, he believed it would be found that they were
in that respect much underrated. One ot the
larger class, 800 ton steamers, the Illinois, had
been examined with a view of ascertaining hei
fitness for the use of Government. There was no
doubt as to her being able to carry guns A ques-
tion might arise as to the effects of concus-
sion ; but that such vessels could be made
most seivceable in emergencier, tnere was no
doubt. Now, with regard to the steamships
charte'ed by the provincial Gov^ nrnent oi Cana-
da, and of whuh so mucn complauit is made, it
was hardly fair ts impute tl e use of them as a
briacii of treaty, as theie was good íeason to be-
lieve a commun catun had been r^ade to this Go-
vernment, tnat it was necessary to employ them
for the suppress on cf msurrecuon in Canada, and
this Government did not dissent. He would sug-
gest the necessity of modifying the amendment so
as to have a proviso that nothing shjuld be done
in viola ion ot the treaty existing between this Go-
vernment and the Government of Gr al Bri-
tain, in respect to the occupation of the lakes by
armed vessels
Mr. ALLEN proposed to modify the amend-
ment so as to make it cover all t e Northwestern
lakes, and in order that the President might apply the
power wherever it should be deemed mosi appro-
priate.
As to the statement of the Senator from Michi
gan [Mr Porteb] he thought he en ire'y mi tin
derstood the relative forte of the two Governments
on those lakes He [Mr A ] thought the great
number of our merchant vesseis on those Jakes
rendered it mere necessary lhat armed steamers
should be provided to defend them, and the pro-
perty afloat with them The steamship Fulton
carried metre timber in her ribs than anj five mer-
chant steamers afloat on Lake Erie, her s,des, in-
stead of being one foot in thickness, were six or
seven feet thick, and of solid oak Our steamers were
of no avail for defence, and might, in ca<e of war,
only be used for tiansportation.
Mr PRESTON said this was a fortification
bill for terra firma, and this proposition was out
of the scope of the bill. If this necessi-
ty   e«is!ed?   it    would   be    proper   to    refer
