*      i     ■        r i ilii-lin Ti       ii   aamta^aMn)MM^M>«——^—M—tw WMmmt—■ mm
the subject to the Naval Committee. The pro-
ject was wild, inefficient, and incompatible with
the bill. He trusted it would be rejected,and the
question   taken .on   ihe   passage    of  the   bill.
Mr. PORTER admitted that this measure ought
to come from another committee. With regard
to the remarks of his friend from Ohio, touching
the efficiency of merchant vessels for the defence
of these lakes, he was not «ntirely satisfied. One
of our vessels was purchased a few years since,
wis fitted up, and was now in service on that
lake. He had had reference, however, in his
re nark?, to their use in transporting munitions
of war.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE could not help reminding
the Senate that those whom the people of Michi-
gan had thought fproper to send here to represent
them, had told Congress that they were in the
jaws of the lion. It was known to all that they
were more exposed to danger than the psople of
any other point in the whole Union. Tne very
Rvit blow to be struck by Great Briiain in tne
event of collision would be in the vicinity of De-
troit. At present Detroit was destitute of fortifica-
tions or an armed defence. No doubt an honora-
ble Senator, as some excuse for disregarding the
claims of Michigan, had said it was beneath the
dignity of a great people, numbering seventeen
millions, to trust to any thing but their own arms
for repelling an invading enemy; that their o*n
energy and bravery was their best defence. This
was all very good in its way; but ¡here was such a
thing as an unexpected and sudden night attack in
an exposed location when the bravest and the best
might be slaughtered ia the'r beds, or, being taken
by surprise, wubout fortifica'ions or garrisons 10
make a rally, might have Utile opportunity for re-
sistance. And were 'he people of Canada l.'ss
energetic or less brave? Who were they? The
ha'dy S:o'-s and in many places the Yankees, who
h?d male tli3ir homes there—with all the habits
and customs of their own country, and with all its
cnterfrtss. Such is the body of the population of
Upper Can'-ida.
Mr. ALLSN modified the amendment so as to
appropriate one hundred thousand dollars for the
construction and armament of armed steamers
or other vessels on the Northwestern lakes, as the
President may think most proper, and be autho-
rized by the treaty with the British. Government.
Tne question was then taken, and the amend-
ment adopted, as follow?;
YEA.8—Messrs. Allen, E?nton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthber, Fulton, King, Linn, Mc-
R.b'fts, Porter, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Slur-
peon, T.-illmadsre, Tappan, Walker, Whit.-, Wil-
liams. YvToodbridge, Woodbury, Wright, and
Yc-.!t—23.
:•;.'■ ",7.'-~'í?'\"¡rs. Birrow, Ba'es, Bavard, Ber-
j"- ., "' . >.;, D.xon, Evans, Grahim, Henderson,
3; .•• ■:',"• ., ír--!-, Mangum, Milter, Morehead,
Vv.   ,   " ...v.i-,i, and Preston—17.
Mr. PORTER renewed hi.s moiion for amend-
rae.'if, nide ye .ter.Uy, to appropriate, fifty thou-
s=sr.i (i'.llai." for defensive works .it Detroit. He
said he w?.s induced to offer agan his amendment,
a--some <jfth?-ip who opposed it might now vote
first. Tijis bill was d-. signed to make the most
n?ces«arv ¿:feari> in 'he pro-.peet of war, and this
was urg-n It- c.lled for asa mou prominent point
in ci ; o." .-i'iMea "ttíck. if ¡here wa. a iy thir-g
doubt ul i  :he state of ou: 'elation* with Great
BriU'ti wni'ii might lead to % c.jlltvion, it roust
appear ir. ovr-ty pentleman pres^ftt that ¡he first
b.nvv wo'iU b'  struck avaii.t some defenceless
part of the Stat  of Pew York. The ¿text would
roar Oiirot; and evry or  must? se (hat forty-
e gb. noun would no' elap'e before the Amencaa
arsenal-: would be in possession of the Btitish un-
lets t.-o.-e prints of access are fortified.
Mr. WHITE said this amendment was under
consideration, and would have been attached to
thi bill m the House, had it not been contrary to
Uiítr rule to connect appropriations for new works,
with a biil for old works; but if originated in the
Senate, it would pass the House under the Senate's
rules. It was reasonable that they should have one
defended point on the Northwestern waters, and he
CONGRESSIONAL G10B&
hoped appropriations would be made for this most
important point.
Mr, PRESTON said this was the most ur-
gent amendment that had been offered. He op-
posed it yesterday, because it was rot sanctioned
&y the committee, while his own opinion was in
favor of this amendment. The amendment for
armed steamers, just adopted, he feared would de-
stroy the bill; it was foreign from the object of the
committee in reporting the bill, and as it had now
been adopted by the Senate, he felt himself relieved
from the obligation of confining himself strictly to
the intention of the committee, and would vote for
this amendment.
Mr. PHELPS offered an amendment to the
amendment, to appropriate $75,000 for fortifica-
tions on the outlet of Lake Champlain.
He was opposed to attaching these various
amendments to the bill; but ne considered this as
applicable as the others. The necessity of the
amendment was urgent. There were norie of the
waters on rur Northern froniier which afforded
as much facility for attack as this lake. If they
were to begin a system of defence on oar North-
ern frontiers, let ¡hem begin at the most important
puinis.
Mr. PRESTON said this was a proposition to
begin a raew work, the ground was yet to be pur-
chased for the work, and he hoped it would not be
adopted.
Mr. MANGUM hoped ihrit friends would not
persist in offering ih«ir amendments. If this was
made an occasion of introducing a whole system
of new work , he should feel it no misfortune to
have it fail, and should feel it a duty, as far as
his vote went, to postpone the bill to the regular
session. If, however, the bill was necessaiy, he
appealed to his friends not to destroy it by amend-
ments. At the proper lime nnd circumstances, he
should lie wilting to vote for defences of ail p-srts
of the country. He hoped the amendments would
not prevail.
Mr. PHELPS had been opposed to these amend-
ments; but if the door was opened, and appropria-
tions were made for one part of the country, they
ought to be for the others, and especially the most
important. Ha was ■willing to vote against all
these amendment.
Mr. PRENTISS said, by theamendmentadopted,
they had departed from the original purpose of the
bill. This amendment for fortification at the out-
let of Lake Champlain had vastly superior claims
to that even of Detroit, and if that was 'provided
for, the appropriation for Lake Champlaim ought
aho to be.
Mr. FRESTON said he believed ¡lie amendment
for armed steamers had bees rather prema'Hrely
adopted, and ¡hat was no reason why they shoud
depart from the original intention of the bil ; he
Would therefore recall bis a.-s-ent to the amendment,
and vote as;a'r>st both. He hoped they would be
rejected, and the question taken on th" bill.
ftf-. PORTE", said tht; coa-t exposed at Detroit
was ahnctt equal t-> the Atlantic coast. There
was no work or s > nruch importance as this; he
hoprd it wou'd '-land on its own merit, and not be
hated with ¡he amendment wbfeh bad been adJed
to it.
The question was then taken on :he amendment
to ihe amendment, and decided <n the negative, as
follow^:
YEAS—Wesir?. Alien, Bates Benton, Berrien,
Buchansn, Fulton, Ht-adcrscn, Kir-g, Linn, Phe'ps,
Prestos, Srvit-r, Tallmitdgc, White, William-,
and Woodbury—16.
NAYo'—Messrs. Archer, Bwrow, Bayard,
Chca'e, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Dixon, Evans,
Giaham. Hnn'ington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, ¡VIouton, Porter, Prcton, Smith
of Indiana, Siuif;eon, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bridse,  a«d Yoiing—24.
Mr. LiNíí a=ked the Senator from Arkansas if
the letter he had received from the Secretary of
War gave any assurance that the delinees of the
Western and Soumwestern frontier ma!,! be at-
tended to in the next session?
The letter was again read in. answer to Mr.
Linn's inquiry.
Mr LINN said that, not wishing to enjertase
$93
the present bill, he would, for the present, with-
draw his amendment.
Toe questiora was ihen taken on the amendment
ol Mr. Pouter, and decided-in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEiVS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Berrien, Bucha-
n:m, Choate, Dixon, Fulton, Linn, McRoberts,
Mangum, Morehead, Porter, Sevier, Smith of Indi-
ana, Smrgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, White, Wil-
liams, Woodridge, Woodbury, and Young— 22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Clay
of Alabama, Clayton, Evans, Graham, Hunting-
ton, King, Merrick, Miller, Mouton, Phelps, Pierce,
Prentiss, Preston, and Tappan—17.
Mr, TALLMADGE then moved to amend the
bill by adding the following:
" For the purchase of a aire, barracks aad defensive works at
or «eai Buffalo, $60,000."
He would merely remark that this appropriation
had been reeommer.ded by the Department. Every
one who knew the importance of the defence of
Buffalo would see the propriety for the amendment.
He would not detain the Senate logger than to call
the yeas and navs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said, this was an impor-
tant and just claim, but loaded as the bill already
was with amendments, he was in some doubt of
its success.
The question was then taken and decided as
follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Berrien, Clay of
Kentucky, Evans, Fulton, Hesderson, Linn, Por-
ter, Revier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, White,
Wondbndge, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—18.
NAYS—Messri. Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Choate, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Dixon,
Graham, Huntington, K-r, King, McRoberts,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Pierce, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Sm.th of Indiana, and   Tappan—21.
Mr. HENDERSON then moved to amend the
bill by adding to the word "fifty," jn the 70ih line,
"oie hundred," so as to make it read—
"For repahsof other fortxon the approaches to New Orleans,
Louisiana, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars."
Mr. H. gave his views in iavor of the amend-
ment, founding ihem on the importance of that
point to ihe whole Valley of the Mwsissippi.
Mr. BARROW opposed the amendment, though
he had the interests of that section as much at heart
as the Senator from Mississippi, but he feared to
jeopard the i-afety of the bill by attaching more
weight to it than it would be likely to hear.
The question was then taken on ihe aui2.iauic.nt,
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hendeison, King, Lien, and
Tallmadge—4.
TiAYs—Messrs. AMen, Archer, Barrow, Bates,
Bayaid, Benton, 8en; n, Choate, Clay o/-Alaba-
ma, Clayton, Dixon, Evan:,, Fulton, Huntington,
Ker, McRoberts, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, IVii re-
hctd. Piece, Porter, Presten, Ilivcs, Sf-.vier, Sttii h
of Connecticut, Smith rf Indiana, S'r.rrn on, Xnp-
p.'.n, Vfíí.iau..-, -.Veo 'bridge, Wright, and  Young
í-ir. WOOOBP.IDQE said he had 1-arr.cd that
some of ine arrt'ir'mer-ts would be likely to enjan-
g-r the bill. L'e would therefore move t> recon-
sider t'ne vote in ¡elaii'n to the amendment for
armr ,1 steamers. He was not opposed lo ihe mea-
sure h:m-'"lf, anil would vote irr it; hut he would
like to g¡v.i an oppoifutitty to gentler/ies;, if they
thought it wuu'id .ntiangerthe bill, to üu¡i¡;e Uietr
vces.
Mr. ALLEN «\xpre=iC-l mcch iiirpr';:.■; that a
friend oi fc:sr:iafri''..nc.it. and who was a repre¡>3n-
uitr.eof oucof t:.e most exposed Slate?, should
Rive the enemies of the amendment a chance to
defray it. It was urgently demanded by the
wants-of ¡hit rígion, arid fce hoped the Senator
would withdraw his rr.rtio'i.
Mr. WRIGHT said he b -,'cd the motion wovld
not prevail,lor the mere tonveaícncí. of sfct-fing
the other amendments to the bill. 1' app"-red to
him that it these was one of those amendments
nitre importan! than anoihir, it w.c-- thi*. It is ob-
jected that because it is not a la'nt de sue?, it is
inappropriaie to die bill, and that nex- fe.-Mon
there will be a fit orxi-.ion to introduce
it.    In   bis    mind    tboe    was    no   more   ap-
