<m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
give up that call till repeal is accomplished They
assert the right ot Congress to repeal thnt charter,
and refer to the circamstances under which the
measure is attempted to be enforced on the coun-
try as a justification of the exercise of íhat right.
Mr. B. expressed his concurrence m thu sentiments
avowed in this memorial and the resolutions which
had just been read. He said he would take that
occasion to repeat that, with regará to the as-
sumption that there bad been decisions u favor of
the constitutional power of Congress to charter a
Na lonal Bank, sufficient to *et the q lestion at
rest, there were infinitely more decisions against
that constitutional power. With a view of afford
wg other gentleman an opportunity of speaking on
the subject, he would be glad to have the memorial
laid over, and would now merely move to have it
printed.
Mr. ARCHER said he had no objection to the
printing of any communication addressed to Con-
gress in reference to public measures under ac-
tion But he denied that this was a large or influ-
ential meeting He understood from a newspaper
which he had received from the immediate neigh-
borhood, that there were only thirty-three persons
present, and two of the most respectable of those
had declined taking any part in the passage of these
resolutions. He wainot, however, opposed 10 the
printing; he was satisfied to let that motion pass
with the explanation he had given.
Mr. MILLER spoke at considerable length, de-
nying the assumption set forth in the communica-
tion that the Bank question was not placed at
issue before the country by the party now in pow-
er. He insisted that, throughout the whole Union,
the two contending parties took their stand—one
on the SuL-Tieasury, and the other on a National
Bank.
Mr. WHITE asked if this was not a motion to
prim?
He was informed that such was the pending mo-
tion.
Mr. WHITE said he would oppose the printing
of the communication on several grounds, though
in general favorable to the printing of all respectful
memorials, on subjects pending the action of Con-
gress. This memorial, and the resolutions accom-
panying it, he considered not respectful to the party
m the majority characterizing all their measures
as unjust and unconsututional, and declaring un-
mitigated hostility to the laws to be passed by that
majority.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays. He
■was desirous that it should be known who it was
that denied a hearing to any remonstrance coming
from the people—addressed by the people to their
own agents, expressing thciropinions to tho^e agents
as to how they wish ihem to perform their duty.
If he uuderstood ihe Senators, they held that the
Senate of the United States, or a majority of the
Senate, had a right to pass laws which their suc-
cessors could not touch, and thereby perpetuate
their authority, and continue ail their advantages
of power beyond its term of existence The people
foresaw the danger of a purpose of this sort. A
memorial was now sent in, which asserted their
right to tell their agents, "do not this act__if you
do we will change our agents, and substitute those
who will comply with our wishes " And because
the principal speaks thus to the agent, the agent
arrogates, to himself the power of excluding from
the people the right of spetch.
Mr. ARCHER hoped theie would be no oppo-
sition to the motion to print
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he rose to express
a contrary hope—he hoped the motion to print
would not be allowed to pass. Why should there
be an order to print this memorial? Why should
a paper be printed whi„h contains such gross
charges aga n t the majority of th s bodj? He
would move to lay it on the table. There was no
occasion for it as the subject was not now before
them, the Bank bi 1 having passed the Senate. If
it became * law, and the question of repeal was
raised, he would have no objection to the printing
ot such documents, and gentlemen might come on
wuh that "repeal" as S00n as they pleased, he
would meet them on it, and they would be frowned
down by the universal feelings of an indignant
community.
Mr CLAY of Alabama hoped the Senator from
Kentucky would withdraw hi-> motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky. I will not. I insist
on my motion to lay on ths table being now put.
I give notice that I will not withdraw my motion
for any one.
Mr CLAY of Alabama appealed to the Senator
to withhold hii motion even tor a moment
Mr. CL4Y of Kentucky.    I will not withdraw
my motion, sir.    I insist on i s  being put by  the
Chair, without furthei delay     It is not debatable.
Mr. BENTON.   Then I shall move to take  it
up the moment it is laid down.
Mr. CLAY.   Very web, get a majority to sus-
tain you, if you can.
Mr. BENTON.   I demand the yea's and nays.
The yeas and nays having  been ordered,  the
vote stood for laying it on the table as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bate1?, Berrien, Choate, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—21.
NAYS—Mestrs. Al'en, Archer, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20.
Mr. 'BPNTON.   I now move to take it up, and
give notice to toe Senate that I will move the pro-
position every mornirg during these sien, till it is
taken up    He was proceeding to speak of the
subject, when
Mr. CLAY.    I call the Senator to order'
Mr. BENTON.   Take down the words.
Mr CLAY.   I will take down no word*.   I
make the point  of order.   The member has no
right to discuss the malts of the question.
Mr. BENTON.   1 can only say that 1 consider
this attempt the most portentous—
Mr CLAY.    I call the Senator to order.
Mr BENTON.   Take down the words   Take
down the words.
Mr. CLAY. I call the Senator to order, and
insist on his sitting down.
The point of order is, that on a proposition to
take up, or lay on ¡he table, it is not in order to
discuss the mentí of the subject.
Mr BENTON T.ike down the words.
Mr LINN would 1 ke to know the nature of
this case The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bch-
ton ] had moved to print the paper The Senator
fiom Kentucky [Mr Clay] had moved to lay the
matter on the table. Now he considered this mo-
tion relating to the question then before them,
which was the motion to print. This hid been
laid on the table, and the papers now remained be-
fore them, open to discussion. He appealed te
the President, if that was not the case.
Mr. BENTON insisted that he wan in order
when he moved to lake ud the memorial.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky insis ed on the Senator
situng down whde the question of order was pend-
ing.
Mr. BENTON said that before the question of
order was taken, h> wished to know what it was.
The motion decided, was to lay the motion then
pending on the table The motion then pending
was on the printing. The decision against the mo-
tion to print, was not to lay the memorial on the
table.
The CHAIR so understood it, that it was Ihe
motion to print which had been laid on the table,
and this carried with it the paper also.
Mr CALHOUN said the question was still on
the memorial, that was not disposed of, and the
Senator had a right to speak at large on the sub-
ject
Mr. WALKER, said the Chair bad decided dif-
ferently on another occasion. The motion to prin',
being laid on the tab'*, did not carry the paper
with it. The case ot Abolition petitions was pre-
cisely analogous.
The PRESIDENT drew a marked distinction
in the case of Abolition petitions, and that belore
them.   The motion to receive in the one case was j
ordered to lie; here, the paper has b en received
and entertained.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he had understood,
when he rose to the call of order, that the Senator
from Missouri had moved to take up that which
had been laid on the table by the decision of the
Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN asked, was the pending ques-
tion on (bat motion?
The CHAIR said the pending question at the
time was on th« mo'ion of the Senator from Mis-
souri to take up the subject laid upon the table—■
the motion to print being laid upon the table, and
carrying with it the memorial and proceedings pre-
sented by the Senator from Missouri
Mr. CALHOUN said that certainly did net pre-
clude the memorial from being taken up.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky asked, did the Senator
from South Carolina mean that it was in order to
move to take up what had been laid on the table,
and to argue i ?
Mr CALHOUN answered that he did, and was
prepared to maintain that the Senator from Mis-
souri had the right to move at any time to take up
the motion laid on the table, and to give his reasons
on the motion.
Mr. CUTHBERT said that even if the Senator
from Missouri was out of order m moving to take
up the memorial, after the question of printing bad
been negatived, he conceived there was really no
occasion for the exeessive warmth of the S nator
from Kentucky, and sa'd he made a question of
order in regard to his conduct. Even granting the
Senator from Misssun to be eut of order—[Mr.
Benton I do not allow that]—should any tnmg
stifle discussion? Was it fair or just? He believ-
ed that the subject was settled before the bnclypfnd
regretted to see ihe ebullitions of passion manifest-
ed by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY. With all due deference to the opi-
nions of the Senator, I think the ebullitions of pas-
sion are manifested by the other side.
Mr. KING contended that the motion to print
having failed, the Senator woo presented the com-
munication had the right to make any imtoibe
thought proper with regard to the further disposi-
tion of the memorial.
Mr. BENTON said he had taken bis sra1, on
the decision of the Chair that he was ou  oe o.dor
in moving to take up the memorial. Wi'mg at
all times to bow to the decision of th" Ci u, he
now ro*e, but it was not his intenso- to pre <crd,
unless the Chair pronounced it to i e in oíd c that
he should do so
The CHAIR had decided, if that u cis on was
erróneo s it remained for the Senate to dicide
Mr. PHfLPS asked it the subject was «¡till de-
batable, " r the Chair had deemed, and i.o ap-
peal was t ^en?)
Mr BENTON appealed from the decision of tSe
Chair.
Mr TAPPAN contended that the motion to taVe
up was in order, the motion to print havins; oren
deeded He understood th-1 po mon ct the Sena-
tor from Kentucky to b*, that it is nut m cder to
make a motion to take up the memorial if the mo-
tion to print bas been negatived.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said the Ume of the
Senate was unnecessarily wasted on this matter.
He would—
The CHAIR would remind the Senator that >hi
morning hour had expired, and the ordero of the
day would now be the proper business.
Mr. CLAY of Kentuckj said he had not risen
to debate the subject of this memonal. Hn object
wasto move to lay the appeal on the tab'e, for the
purpose of getting rid of this memorial and all its
consequences.
Mr BENTON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the appeal on tnc table.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked if he rightly under-
stood the decision of the Chair to be that the de-
cision of the motion to lay the motion to print on
the table, included the laying of the memorial on
the table?
The CHAIR explained that such was the deci-
sion.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would certainly, in
