CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29*
that ease, vote agaiust the motion to lay the ap-
peal on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to explain why tbe mo-
tion to lay the appeal on the table was out of or-
der, when
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky called the Senator
from Soath Carolina to order, insisting that
the motion to lay the appeal en the table was not
deba'able
Mr CALHOUN said he would meet the Sena-
tor on the point of order—tbat an appeal, being
a privileged question, could not be laid on the
table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he insisted on
his question of order, he called the Stnator to
order.
Mr CALHOUN insisted on discussing and test-
ing the point of order.
Mr. CLAY of Kentu ky insisted on the Chair
calling the Senator to order.
Mr CUTHBERT appealed against those ebul-
litions of passion which had prompted the Senator
from Kentucky to such unseemly calls to order
in a body heretofore distinguished for great de-
corum.
Mr CALHOUN appealed to the Chair on his
right to discus  the point of order.
The CHAIR decided that Mr. Calhoun was in
order.
Mr. CALHOUN said the case was clear; he did
not doubt the Chair would so decide. A question
of orier was. incidental to all other questions, ard
must be decided before the question to which it
is an incident is decided, and caisnot of courv  be
separated from it by being laid on the tab'e, or other
wise dibpo el of. It may ba laid down as a?eneral
rule, that one pr viieged question cannot be mov-
ed upon another, butm ¿11 cases must be moved
on the ma.m question
Mr TALLMADGr1? suggested that «s the ho ir
had arrived for the orders of th" day, it wou'd be
b-z n pass over the subject ot this memorial for
th° present
Mr CUTHBERT wished to see the subject dis-
poned of at once.
The subject was then passed over.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky from the Committee
on Finance, on leave, reported the House bill re-
lating to duties and drawbacks, with amendment,
which were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. KING, the bill to extend for
ten years the charter of the Mecrmic's R°hef So-
ciety of Alexandria, was taken up, and passed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion of Mr' MERRICK, the bill to revive
and continue in force, the charters of the Banks of
the District of Columbia, was taken up, the motion
pending being to recommit the bill
Mr MANGUM withdrew the mot on.
The question then being on the third reading of
the bill, after a few remarks by Mr BENTON in
opposition, and by Mr. MERRICK m favor of it,
H was carried by the following vote
YEAS—Me srs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Choa e, Clay of Alabima, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Culhbert, Dixon, E/aui, Fulton, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Ker, Manpum, Merrick, Mil-
ler, Phelps, Pú>-ter, Prentiss, Rives, Sevier, S wth
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, V, hi'e, Wood-
bridge, and Young—29
NAYS—Messrs Al'en, Benton, Buchhanan, Cal-
houn, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholwn Pierce,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, and Wright—15
Thus the bill was passed.
The Fortification bill was taken up, the question
being on its passage.
After br et remarks by Messrs PRENTISS,
PRESTON, MANGUM, and PHELPS, the ques
l„on was decided in the amrma'ive, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, BaTow, B te*,
Bayard, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, C!?y
of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Cuth
bert Dixon, Evans, Pulton, Graham, Henderson,
Hurí mgton, Ker, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mai
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Mouton, Phelps,
Porter Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Wa'ber, White, Wilbams, Woodbndge, Wright,
and You g—45
NAYS—Messrs. Cilhoun, Nchohon, Pierce,
and Wiodbury—4
THE NAVY PENSION BILL
was then taken up as in committee of the whole.
The motion pend ng was the following amend-
ment offered by Mr. Walker to the amendment
of Mr. Woodbury.
"And provided also that the pensions authorized under the
acl of 30th June, 1834, be, and the same are hereby, continued
in foice unl 1 otherwise ordered by law '
The amendment of Mi. Wojdbury was to add
to the 1st 'ection the fol'owing'
' Piovided that no pari of this money shall shall be app'ied to
the payment of any pensions not enfnlnd under the acta of Con
gicas as they exit ed prioi to tne yeai 1837 "
Mr CHOATfc. uise to address ihe Senate—
When Mr   WALKER wnhdrew his  amend-
ment
Mr. CHOA TE went into the merits of the
amendment of Mr Woodbury at very considera-
ble length, m which he contended that the pen-
sions could not now be withheld without manifest
injustice to the pensioners, and a breach oí faith
in the Government.
Mr WOOoBURY remarked that he had not in-
tended to enter farther into the debates on this bill.
But the attack w nch had been made on his amend-
ment by the Ssnptir tr< n Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate ] with so mucn labor, eloquence, and leel-
ing, required a rep'v.
Mr Woodbury entertained as great respect foi
tbe sacredness of con racts, and for vested puvate
rights, as any other genilemau Nor did he c^-n
sid r himse I p^-^ed of ie'S Sympathy than ?ny
one fur the gallant sea-n°n ot the navy, or their
cphans aid v, d nvs, who surviveu them. They
de^rved iru^h— bey had received much And he
uss h i?st i ^iscri, eitt er by the proposed amend-
ment or in any o her way, to deprive them ol the
smal'e t p tt«¡ncc to whic'i th y I ad become enti-
ced, eith r in U /, eqai y, or even honor
The  amendment did not do this    Th<" >vhoie
sope of the proposition had been misunderstood
It was the bi 1, without th  amendment, which was
pn miovation in  the system of naval pensions
The amendment restored the bill to the  original
and sacred principles of the system, as they had
existed fot more than a quarter of a century    The
amendment, too, deprived nobody of a dollar  to
which they were now, or had ever heretofore been,
entitled     It struck nobody from the naval pension
list     It deinved nobody ot the rav al pensi in luni
who had ev r enjoyed it for a single d^y—notecen
the  new c'ass i itroduc?d undei tha act of 1837
But ,t simply  prevent-1 tho^e persons from be-
ing now p'aced on the Treasury at large, as reci-
pients of th  public bounty, who had never before
been placed on that Treasury or received tint
bounty, and who were'not, under the original pnn-
cip es of the naval pension system or the original
and sound poficy oí its provisions, entitled to rp
ceive any pan ev -n of the sp<-0ial trust furd for
navy pens ons,aid noch ¡ess any part of the gene-
ral funds of the pu' le Treasury.
Tais is the tr ip s ate oí the case
The k ndly feel ngs of the Se-ator from Mas-
sachusetts have m's'fcd 1 s jiidgm-it ar-d prevented
hi; usual legal acumrn fum recogn írg this dis-
tinction   V> hat was the original sy„em? It was to
g ve to the navy the ben^f u of all me pr ze  money
won by thru enterprise and valor    How?   First
by dividing avong the captors half the proceeds of
all pnzes     Ne\t,  to con ?e * the other half into a
trust fu'id for per0;oi -.    Not pens ms, however,
to any body and every body in the naval service,
in order unnecessarily to induce p°rsous to enhst
or seek appoin'meit  in lint popular,crowded, r-d
over-s'ocked branch cf public empl">} meat     No
But pensions to such  a. by nob'e daring and bj
skilful   erterpnse,   sh uld   hazard their hvs m
ban e and  become   disab ed,  and, w th a view
to sultan  'hem   in  c nflict,   to provide likewise
fc the w lows  and  orphans of ^ach  as should
fall   gloriously m   such    rencontres     That was
the whole   oiigmal  system       Did   this   amend-
ment  alt r   it?    By   no   means    It   even aided
it  and as that special trust fund for navy pensions
had become exhausted, in part, by our impudence
in letting new classes have pensions, it permitted
money to be taken from the general Treasury to
supply the original class of pensions.
But the Senators who oppose the amendment
 ay the bill should permit money to be taken from
the Treasury to pay other classes of pensions.
Why? Not because tbey come walun the original
spirit, letter,  r policy of the system, for it is ad-
mi'ted that those placed on the pension list under
the act of 1837 do not. Nor because, under that
ait, they were then placed, or have since been
placed, as a charge on the Treasury at large, for
such is not the cise Nor because there was, then,
either justice or honor in placing them on the Trea-
sury at large For it is conceded that they ought,
then not to have been placed either on the special
fund, or on the Treasury at large.
But the opponents to the amendment virtually
argue, that though the pensions of 1837 have been
improporly authorized, and have improperly ex-
hausted a mill on or more of the trust fund, they
should further be continued, and be permitted to
exhaust, in time, millions more from the general
Treasury.
The amount yearly may now be only beto een fifty
and one hundred thousand dollars. But what will
it reach in a few years? This bill is the first
entering wedge to a total change in our system of
naval pensions, and is the first instance on record
of paying any of them out of the general Treasu-
ry. The case of Mr* Harrison, at this session, is
the first instance of a grant equivalent to a civil
pension. In this manner, th.s extraordinary ses-
sion is to be cha'acteri^d by these two extraor-
dinary m^asuies, of commencing a system, of high
civil pensions an I of placing the whole class of
raval pensions, as a change, on the Tieasury at
large.
But the seamen so justly eulogrsed never asked
this, nor needed it. If Congress, ?fter furnishing
ships and munitions of war, and paying wages to
Ihe offtc rs and men, allowed them to have all the
prize money—all the fruits of their skill and bra-
very—to be divided and to contitnte a pension
fund—they desired nothing more Nothing more
was necessary for the support of the original class
tf pensions. But if any thing more shou d happ°n
to be required for them, Congress had held out
expectations that it should be supplied from the
Treasury.
Something moie had, by the improvident act of
1837, become necessary for that original class, and
Mr W. was now will ng to furnish it, on ordet to
discharge our honorary obligation on that point.
Net that it was a contact or vested right, but he-
cause it was equitable, considering especially that
by ihe improvident legislation of Congress in 1837
the fund had become exhaus'ed.
But this new class of pensioners—forbidden by
the amendment to be charged In the Treasury at
large—-vere introduced in 1837 and have since
taken the whole million of principal of the trust
f nd—(because the annual Ktersst more thin paid
all die oid cla s ) these new m eUopers, not within
our proiruse, or an/ equ'y or sound policy, and
not content wtih a mil1 ion already improperly la-
vished on them— he5e now w sh to obtain more
irom the Treasury itst If.
This I ooj"ct to, and ihisthe amendment tends
to prevent, and nothing be>ond this But it does
not strike tdem troia the naval pension list It does
not debar them from any benefits of the naval
pension fund, if any of it r-msuns, or new
war- sr other causes should add to it. It takes
awiy no vested ngh s Ii stops or imposes no con-
trae s. It is neither hard hearled nor dishonorable.
But it merely savs we will not proceed, and put
that class of 1837 or a new ground or list to be
paid from the public Treasury Their pensions
are not now due—except from the trust fund—and
we will not enter into any new obhgations with
them, and mcur new burthens on their account.
To do that, would be an innovation To do that
wou'd be the novelty; and it is not innovation nor
novelty, but standing on old and solid grounds, to
Dass the amendment. To pass the bill without it,
when our Treasury is straitened, and our other
naval expenses are so high, would be also very in-
judicious.   Those expenses have increased, since
