30®
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ iraiiwifofrirrmTiTiMiiiriri
. ...¡.^   ^.^JT.-^l^.W
>,...*.-„? *._^-----,..,
Mr W waa cut short in the most interesting part of his ar
gument by 'he expiration of his hour
Mr McCLELL INnow withdrew his motion to strike out the
enacting clause ottbe bill
Mr WISE objected, insisting that when Mr. McC rose to
Withdraw it, Mr W was still upon the floor
[The Reporter could not distinctly here the decision of the
Chair in reply ]
Mr DEA.N, after expi easing, in the strongest terms, hie dis
approbation of the gas rule, adopted by the majority of the
House to deprive the Opposition of their consiitutional right of
discussing, at full length, the impoitant measures which vitally
affect the interests of their constituents, proceeded at once to the
constitutional question involved in the bill He repudiated at
the outset the assu mption of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Serge 4NTJ that thld was a settled question Neither the
decision of the ¡supreme Court, not of this or that great man,
could, in his opinion, set aside the solemn obligations imposed
by the Constitution He held his rights by a stronger tenure
than the opinions of any man and that was the letter of the
Constitution Mr 1) then went into an able and elaborate ar
gument, to show that the Constitution does not give to Congress
the power to cl eate this Ban k He then argued the question of
expediency showing the evils of the banktngsystem the abuses
of the late Bank of the United States, and those that are likely to
grow out of the present one, if it shou d be chattered He cen
sured, in seveie terms the inconsistencies of the Wh g party
their professions before the elections, and practices since—the
extravagant measut es proposed by the present Administration
their distribjtion, loans, taxes, and finally this Bank, and said
that the day of retribution was at hand—that the eyes cf the
people weie opened, and that they saw the vile devices that
Were practised to deceive them, and that lb° defeat of the party
in power would be moie signal than the victoiy they had gamed
by such unworthy means
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana made an argumentative speech,
deriving the power from the Constitution itself and illustrating
this view bv tracing down the h stoiy of decisions m its iavor
from General Washington to this time He next ins sted that
the people had decided the question, and aftei wards discussed
the expediency of the Btnk nomthe exi *mg condition of the
country, and particularly of the great Wesr He comforted
himstlf against all threats of repeal by confidence in the peo
pie and in the Tudteiary
Mr ADAMS fil owed and detailed 3 n imber of amendments,
which, at the piopei ti ar ho intended to offer the last of them
being a propo il to strike Aom the bill what has been called the
tompromise clause in the sixteenth section ol the bill which
he opposed as uneons ltutional, inasmuch as it proposed that
Congiess should ab licite a powei cleaily confeiieiinpoii it by
the people and conferring on State L gi latures a power the
people hadnevet conferred upon them, viz to absent oi dissent
to a law of Congiess The amendment, in this respect involv
ed an uneons ltutional a&sumption of ptwer It contained the
whole poi<oaof Ahohtion—tloud laughter m which Mi A him
self joined ]—no he shouM ha?e said it contained the whole
noism of nulhhcation and took the Government hick to ihe
principles of llit-old Confederation Mi A very buefly di=>
posed of the constitu innal powt r of Congiess to cve?te a ISa
tional Bank, and then went into a review of the foimei acts of
Congress on thesubjtet and dwelt on the beneficial effects
which had resulted from it, and the lesson taught by the evils
which had ensued when the Bank charter expired and was le
fused to be i enewed
Ml IONES of Maryl ind succeeded, and Went into an elabo
rate argument on the constitutional question, after which, he
made som" rem n ks on the- d ctrme of Slate assent, involved in
the compromise clause, to which he seemed rather to incline
on grounds of expediency
After some severe strictures on the Sub Treasury, he con
eluded by setting at defiance ill ittemptsat repeal ■'sccrtainto
rouse thesame [ ubltc indiamtion which ho °-ud had luu cd the
late Alniinistration ¡mm power
Mr INGERTO! I fo lowed in an eloquent and mteie tirg
speech against ihe bill
Ml BARNARD next alrlrcssed the comim tee in a discus
sion first,of the general ni nciples of banking it e\il« and
the appiopnite lemedies, and then the application of thtse
pnnciplesto the bill
Mr IIUNTLR went into a speech m wh ch he treated the
subject of banks m e"ene il on princi >le& if oolmral economy
their effect on the li* nbutn n of the ¡ unta of pioducti n ce
tween capital and labor lie op ' e ben on the compromise
Cl fuse which he opposed w i h muc i earnestness
Mr PICKr\Sobti n„ltheflooi, lutyieuler1 it to
Mi TJNCCRWOOI) who oppo id the bill expiessmg his
decided pteference for a lull in an old fashion d Bank, con
t^n imtr that,il that could nof now be obtained it was b t er lo
Walt     He proposed sevctal at ion hi ents   which he explil ed
On his lesura ng hia sea loit niesfoi thensnig oí th" on
mittee w^re uttere 1   ming ed with cues of   No—No'
Mr ROOSf VII 1 obtai led th  n >o>
A division she ve 1 that no qua um was present, whereupon
the committee io-,e ^n ' reporte 1 that fact Wthe House
A motion t^s made to,* Vuin
Mi  LI W I  demande 1 the > ecs and nays
Which, hf of; taker dis lo ed the same fact tha' no quorum
wab 11 the Hall
And then, at about half past ten o clock, the House ad
journed
IN SFNATE,
Friday, August 6 1841.
The Secretary of thr Senate having read through
the journal of yesterday's proceeding*,
Mr. CALHOUN requested that ihe part relating
to the qjestion at issue during the tnormrg hour
on the points of order, would be read over again
That portion of the journal was then rpad.
Mr, CALHOUN «aid Ihe j< urnal was not cor-
rect as to the point of order The point at is^e
was thi', whether it was m order to move to iaj
an appeal from the decision of the Chair on a
pomt of order, on the table.
Mr. LINN called the attention of the Chair to
the fact that he had asked the Chair whether it
was decided that ihe mot on to punt being laid on
the table, earned with it the memorial. The
Chair thsn answered that the decision was,
that the vote to lay the motion to print
on the table carried with it the papers themselves.
The Senator from South Carolina di«s nted. The
Senator from Kentucky raised the question of or-
der, That was the precise point omitted by the
journal.
Mr. TAPPAN recapitulated the points at issue
during the morning hour to be—first, that the Sena-
tor from Missouri moved to have the papers prun-
ed, which motion, by the vote o" the Senate, was
laid on the table, the Senator from Missouri
then moved to lake up the papers ; the Sena-
tir from Kentucky called him to order; the
Chair decided that the vo'e to lay the motion to
print on the table, earned with it the papers them-
selvc, the Senator from South Carolina proceed-
ed to show that the vote layin? the motion to print
on the table, did not carry with it the parers, and
that it was m order to move lo take them up. It
wab evident, then, that ihe Senator from South
Carolina, in argmns; to show that the Senator from
Missouri was. in order when he moved to take up
the papers, had a right to give his reasons, and
therefore was not out of order when the question
of oidtr was raised by the Senator from Kentucky,
pnd ihe Chair so decided But, subsequent to th-s,
the Senator from Missouri asked the Chair if he
would be in order to proceed and explain his rea-
sons for moving to take up the papers, and the
Chair again explained tha ihe vole to lay the mi -
tion to print on the table carried wnh it the subject
matter. Against this decision the Senator from
Missouri appealed The Senator from Kentucky
moved to lay the appeal on the table The pend-
ing question than was on the motion to lay the ap-
peal os the table
Mr CALHOUN said, (hat during his Congres-
sional experience, he had always understood the
Parliamentary rule to be the reverse of the deci-
sion of the Chair. But, without arguing that
point now, it was a e'ear case that the journal was
not correct, and that it ought to be amended be-
fore any thing more is said.
The CHAIR sa d there could be no objection to
supplyir g any deficiency in the journal He reca-
pitulated h s understanding of the precipe point to
be supplied.
The journal was then corrected, by inserting ihat
it was ihe decision of the Chair that the vole to
lay ihe motion lo print on the table carried with it
lh" pif ers contaimn? ihe prociedmgs and resolu-
tion"; from which decision the Senator from Mis
soun appealea, and the Senator from Kentucky
moved to lay the ppp^al on ¡he table; which was
the pending question wh"ti the morning hour e>-
pired.
The CHAIR sugges'ed that th" question of pp-
p«al should be the first lo be deeiJed
Mr. CtJ./lOUN contended that according to
the well es sblished pnlacknowledge! parliamen-
tary ru't, cveiy piper, whether me saee, petition,
memorial, or b h, must first be received, and then
disposed of Between the reception and final dis-
position, they are open to motions, such as motions
to p mt or of reference, but th =e motions did n t
carry wnh t'e<a the firal di p > i ion. These in-
termediate ructions Kiw-l, however, beccsanly be
decided before the papéis en be o ner «se dis
posed of, anj, hence, it is n-cewary to take
tie question on ihtm The qtn-stion being de-
cide i, it is then compe eat for the person intro-
ducing the papéis lo move for such disposition of
them as he thinks proper. In the presen' ca<e, tba
question on the mot on to print wa laid en he
table, and the papers then v ere subject
to any motion for further dispo-dtion T.ie
motu n to prmt and lay on the table, were
mlependent and distinct motions, ant' the question
mis?bt be taken, as in Ihe present instance, sepa-
rately on either But a disposition or decis on of
the one was no dispo«ition or decision of the other
Mr CLAY of Ky. said he understood the deci-
sion of the chair very well. How could there be
a motion to print, unless the papers to be
printed, had   been   received  and   were   at   the
time on the table. When he had called the Sena-
tor fro-n Missouri to ordei, he did so because he
considered it not in order to debate a motion to
take up what had been laid on the tab'e by a vole
of the Senate, That the papers were so disposed
of, was evident from the decision of the Chair He
would, however, say that the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Tappan] Jihad stated the position of the
different questions with precision The motion to
lay on the table was decided by the Chair to
carry with it the papers themselves. The Senator
from Missouri moved to take the papers up; he,
(Mr. Clay,) with his understanding of the de-
cision ol the Chair, called the Senator to order for
debating his motion to take up the papers. Now,
every one must perceive, that to debate a motion
to take up what had been laid on the table, must
be out of order, and that, therefore, he had a right
to call the Senator to order The motion was not
debatable. It was on this point the Senator
from Missouri was out of order. But without
further adverting to that, the question now was,
what point was pending? He conceived, with the
Sena'or frota Orno, [Mr. Tappan,] it was the
motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. KING did not think the Senator's arguments
applied exactly to the case as it really stood.
When ihe question ot appeal is decided, the true
point at issue will be, whetner, the motion to print
being l?id em the table, the papers themselves
were laid on the table. He (Mr. Kino)
had had considerable experience in matters
of this kind, and ha never knew an instance in
which it was considered that a motion to print car-
ried with it the Snal disposition of the papers to
which the motion rela ed The person introducing
trie papers, according to his (Mr. Kino's) experi-
ence, has the right to make any further disposition
of them which he thinks proper—either by motion
to refer lo committee or to lay on the table, or to
lay over for further discussion There are a thou-
sand reasons why the printing may be object-
ed to, and yet there may be no objection,
to the bubject matter It may bp unnecessary to in-
cur the expense of printing—the subject may not
be sufficiently imporiant. Now, it the papers are
on the table, the Senator from Missouri has a
ngm to move to take them up. If they have not
been laid on the table, he has a right to call them
up for discussion. If laid on the table, and he has
a right to move to lake them up, he certainly has
a right to show his reasons for moving to take
th m up. He wou'd not have the right to debate
the general ments of the whole suojecl; but he
wouid have a right to advert to such particu'ar rea-
sons as would establish the neceo ity of further
considering the papers. If, then, atcordirg to the
decision of the Char, the paper* are on the table,
they cen certainly be taken up Ttie Senator
moving to t'ke them up, may explain his reason*,
ard may certainly show iiisgrouaos for making the
motion. He is not to dtoate the general merits,
but he cannot, by any construction, be out of ord r
in statug sujp'y his reasons lor making ihe mo-
tion.
Mr. CALHOUN conceived the firs' question to
be decided was this- The Sensi'or from Kentucky
moved to lay the appeal on the table—the Cnair
decided mat he could not lay the appeal on the ta-
ble Now the journal did not s'dte that He
shnuld, therefore, move to have the journal cor-
rectt-d m that pauicular, after wh ch the first ques.
Hon to be decided would be, whether he was or
was not in ordtr when the Senator from Kentucky
called him to order
Mr CLAY asked what was the question before
the Chüir
The CHAIR said the immedm e question before
the Senate was to amend the j urnal
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky recapitulated ¡us un-
derstanding of the moaons of yesterday. First,
there was the motion to lay the motion to print on
the table, then the mction to take up the pap rs
again, on wh ch it was decided by the Chan ihat
that the vote to lay the motion to print on the ta-
ble carried with it the papers, then thera was a mo-
tion of appeal from the decision of the Chair,
upon which his (Mr. Clay's) motion was based, to
lay the question of appeal on the table.   It ap-
