304
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 7, 1841.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Philadelphia, dealers in
wool, in relation to certain duties affecting their
interest in the tariff bill.
Also, a memorial from other citizens of Phila-
delphia, praying that certain bleaching powders
might be exempted from duty in the tariff bill.
Mr. CLAY said, he hoped the exemption would
be put in the bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN was glad to hear the Senator
say so; for that was some assurance that it would
be put id. He (Mr. B ) would merely ask that the
memouals ba laid on the table.
Mi. CLAY presented a similar memorial in re-
lation to bleaching powders, which was also laid
on the table.
The unfinished business of the morning hour of
Fiiday was then cillel up, being the discussion on
the points of order raised on Mr. Benton's mo-
tion to take up the papers containing the proceed-
ings and resolutions of a meeting held in Fauquier
county, Virginia.
Mr. CALHOUN rose simply to state what the
question of order before the Senate was The Se-
nator from Kentucky had moved to lay the appeal
made by the Senator from Mwsoun on the point of
order on the table. He (Mr Calhoun) objected
that the mouo-i of the Senator from Kentucky to
lay a question of order on the table was itself out
of order, and insisted that he had a right to speak
to the question oí order which he had raised, not-
withstanding the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky The question now before the Senate was,
if the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to lay
the question of order on the table was itself in or-
der, and on that question he asked the yeas and
nays
The yeae and nays were oidered.
This question was argue! at great length by
Messrs CALHOUN, CUTHBERT, LINN, BAY-
ARD, PRENTISS, KING, WRIGHT, in favor
of the appeal, and Messrs CLAY of Ky. HUN-
TINGTON, and EVANS, in support of the deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. WALKER said, this question was clear.
The Senator (rom Missouri was call;d to order
whilst proceeding to debate a question before the
Senate. The Chair decided he was not in order,
and there wa< an appeal to the Senate from this
decision of the Chair, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] movad to lay the appeal on the
table. The question was, i<5 this l ->t motion in
order? The original question, whMh'r the Se
na'or from Missouri was in order, was psnding on
appeal, and undecided Can this question oí
order, now pending /or decision before the Senate,
be laid on the table? Surely not, because the par-
liamentary rule is clear, that the ques iot of order
must first be decided Is it decided? If it be so,
the right of appeal is refused, it is rejected, and
the member is prevented from proceeding by the
decision of the Chair But it is the right of the
member to go on, unless the Senate on the appeal
decide that he is out of order. The decision of the
Chair is not binding, and the na;ht of appeal from
an inferior to a «upenor tribunal, involves the
right to the dkcis on of that tubunal as the last
resort on that question, and that tribunal must de-
cide the question, and it is the right of ih> member
to go on unless tbe Senate decide upon lhi appeal
that the member is out ol order. But the la> ng
upon the table is no deci ion oí the question oí
order, it is posponed until uk«n up again, and
then, no withstanding the appeal was hid on the
table, the S^na'e may reverse the decision Oj. the
Chair, and th^i he nunibei may > o on, and if he
his been soaped un'il t e qae tion of ord'r was
decided by the Senate by toe muion to 'ly on the
table, the Sen->ttr will have been preven ed fiom
proceeding wbrn he was in Cider, an 1 thus be de-
prived of his r gh'^. Well, suppose the appeal on
the quesuon ot order laid on the table, and ihe
question of ord=r therefore undecided, can the
member proceed or noil and, as the question of
order must be first decided, if he cannot proceed,
what question is before the Senate' Not th<* memo-
fift!, because the question  of order  must first
be decided. Suppose a bill pending, a member
moves an amendmen', the Chair dec des the
amendment out of order, and there is an
appeal on the question of order from the
Chair to the Senate, now until a deeisioi is made
by the Senate whether the amendment i^ in order,
the Senate cannot proceed with the bill, or any
other subject, and if the appeal ¡s laid on the table,
and the appeal thus cut off, and left ^undecided,
what is in order? Nothing, sir, nothing, until the
question of order is decided, and therefore, that ap
peal leaviHg the question of order undecided, must
fiM be decided, aud this right of appeal c*nnot be
cut off by any mjtion wa'ever. But the Senator
from Kentucky cites a decision, as he thinks, of
the Hou e of Representatives. Now tms decision
was not on the general parliamentary rule, but on
a special rule adopted by that House only, ind not
by us, and confined t  Abolition petitions, by
which not only the petitions were laid on the table,
but all proposi ions 11 anyway or to any extent
relating thereto were laid on the table under this
special rule of the House, changing for that House
and not for us, the general rule as to the excepted
case of Abolition, in order to prevent all debate
thereon. But were this a decision of the House
upon this, point, it is clearly erroneous and not bind-
ing on us, who are to m'ke rules for our own pro-
ceedings, and when not made, must proceed ac-
cording to parliamentary rules, and not the deci-
sions oí the House.
But the Senator from Kentucky, among other
arguments, ii tbey may be so called, applauds the
House, which, he say.,, has ju t passed the Bank
bill—that famous Bank bill, of which the Senator
fiom Keitucky is the author. And hiw had ihis
Bank bill passed' Sir, the vote on th° compro nise
amendment of ttee Senator fiom Ken uck/ to his
Bink bi'l was earned here by a vote of i jienty five
to twenty four, but the next morning a Wjig Sec-
tor, who did not vote, came in and aeelared in
open Senate, that he absented himself to avoid the
vote, and that, if pie^ent, he would have voted
against the amendment; and, therefoie, Ird he
vo ed, the amendment must have failed, and it
is adopted against the will of a majority of
the Senate. Thus the bill was forced through
the Senate as the will of the minority. Now,
in the House there are two hundred and
and thirty stven members now here, and the vote
on passing the b II in the House was 97 to 129,
in all two nundred and ¡went}- x: v< tr>, and yd,
mm dute'y pr-cCng, but 105 m nbsr* voted
in f.ivoi if this compromise amendment, an! there-
to a m.-jor ty only of the H >'i e v ere in favor
of th -. amendment, and yet it has been k< pt in the
bill, and ha> the fortr oí an act tvh ch has re-
ceivul the sanction of a mfjonty ot both Houses,
when in fact it is ajainst the will of bo h Wtiose
b II then it, it? It is the bill ot the Seua or ftcn
K-=ntjfky, and has the form of the sanct'on ol th?
two Houses, but want- their real and dCual con-
sent. And no r as to th s b 11 thus carried in ¡act
with this am ndm nt again t the real will of both
Hou e- of Congress, it is announced in the
Flouse, that the President his nj discretion
to reject that bill ei h'r as i íexp dient or uncoü-
s itational, an 1 to.it he must sign it against his own
ju Igtnent and against hi> "¿pre se i opinion as to
such a Bank as thi«, in his message at toe com-
menoernent of th s session. So the two Houstsand
the President are to beeim*1 merj regis ers to record
Ihe edicts of a sing'e individua!, ard u s will is to
be lb. = law We ate in ih first 3 car o' an Ameri-
can ans ocr'Cv', ti e dietUor is 0 1 his throne, an!
if this bi 1, unl>-i th°s  c re4rWanc*=, becomes toe
l«, it shou'ci ita ', Be it euicfd by a single Sena
tor, ¡n the fir t ye?r of h s rais>n, t >i this Bank
bill, is amended sha 1 be th  law, aa^m t tue a -
ceramed vilt ofai PC'ual tn-j n y oí me Senate,
and ot the Hojsp, and of th t'res dent of the
United S a'es aid in defi nee of the Cor-titu un
Witri reeard to the onginal app>al of the Sena
tor Irom Missouri, tb<- Ciair dinged it? dea sien,
in effect revers>n  i', and, with h„ consent of the
Senate, placing the following on •h  journal.
1 The President pro  tempore announced  to Ike
Senate that ihe ques ion raised by the S^na'or from
I Missouri  [Mr.  Lins]   d-d not, in his opinion,
properly arise on the motion of his colleague
[Mr Bknton] to take up the motion to pr nt, and
was, thei efore, not necessarily to be decided, and
the deci'ion staled on the journal of Thursday, as
having been made on that question,was not intend-
ed as a genertl parliamentary rule, but was found-
ed on the peculiar state of the questio , supposing
that the paperjhad been actually laid upon the table
by the practice of the Senate, as a matter of course,
and thereupon the appeal was withdrawn."
The question was then taken, "Shalt the deci-
sion of the Chair stand'" and was decided in the
negative—ayes 9, noes 30, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Evans, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Sim-
mons, ani Tallmadge—9
N\YS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Barrow, Bay-
ard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav of Ala-
bama, Cu'hbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouion, Nicholson,
P erce, Prentiss, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connec-
ticut, Smith oflndiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wal-
ker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—30.
And so it was aanoanced that the decision of the
Chair was not correct.
The question on the appeal being now before the
Senate,
Mr CALHOUN said the question now wis,
whether the appealfrom the decision of the Chiir
that the vote to lay the motion to print on the table
was to be sustained or not.
Tms question was debited at leng'b by Messrs.
BUCHANAN, BENTON, WHITE, CAL-
HOUN, EVANS, KING, MERRICK, LINN,
WRIGHT, BAYARD, CLAYTON. SEVIER,
CLAY of Kentucky, ARCHER, and GRAHAM
The question was then taken on the question of
order raised by the Senator from Kentucky, and
decided—yeas 25, nays 18
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ba>ard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dix-
on, E/ans, Grahcm, Huntington, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
White,   and Woodbndge—25
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton,< Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, C«thb rt, Fulton, King, Lvnn, Me-
Rooerts, Mouton,Nicio!son, Smith of Connec'icut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wng-it,
and Young—18
On which the CHAIR announced that the ques
t'on of ord "■r made by the Senator f oai Kentucky
was well tíken
Tne Navy Apirepnmion bul was then ta^cn up,
an i read a thud time.
Mr. MANGUM thought the Senate had dons
enougn fcr one ciay, and moved to aljoarn
On which motion the Senate, at 3 o'clock,
Adjourned,
HOUSC OF REPRLoENTATiVES,
Saturday, August 7   1841
The journal of yesterday was mad and approved
On leave given, Mr JB1UOGS, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Koafl> rtpoited a \ ill making ap-
propi lauons for the Auditor's office oí the Post Office Depart
ment
The bill was lead twice by its tille and, on motion ofMr B
was íeferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the leterfrom the Auditor's Depaitment, accom
panying the bill, was ordered to be printed
By genera! consent, memouals weie presented by the follow
ins gentlemen, and were appiopnately refened
Mr McICtiOiSoflvew Vurt
[Mr MoKeon presented the following memorial* Memorial
ofRobettlX Morris,Dantet Loid, jr and other members of the
bal of the city of ri^vv York pra>ni" for the passage nf a bank
rtipt law memorial of Henry P Fanner and others, on the
same subject, remonstiance of Tuba I Campbell against a
bankiuptlaw memoual of C *.heehan and others, pxaying
that cot potations may bA included in any bankrupt bill that
may be r as ed, memorial of Henry *>mithjjr on same subject,
memoria! of T D Downing on same subject, memorial of cui
zens offvewY lk, praying that ceiioio rtw mateuaU> used in
the rmnufactu root hat*-, be exem, ted from duty memorial of
thi> Chamber of C i nmerce of the city of fsew \ oik, piaymg the
p =i p^nem^ni of die levenue bill J
Mi JiOUtD\R\ o'Connecticut Thi gentleman preienied
a memoiHl si •'md by a la £e lumber ot the citizens of New
Yoik, m favor ola bai kiupt law
risCAS, BVMC
Mr RANDOLPH, fiom tie Committee on Enrolled Bills ra
poited that the síí !co nmittee had examined the ac to incorpo
rate thesub*cnber<! to a fiscal Bank of the Umtad States, and
had found the «ame to lie conect
The bill was theieupon signed by the Speaker
SUBlRtASTJRY LAW
Mr SERGEANT moved that the House r«so!ve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a new,
