doe                                         CONCESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
KiHe&er.'RídfWffy.TliKIñey, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Sheppi^M, Sitnonton, Srftiih, Stanly, Stokeley, Stia'ton, Stuart,
Sanuneie, Tahaferro,.! B Thompson R W Thompson, Til-
hnghast, Toland, Tomlmison, Trumbull, Undeiwood, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Washington, Joseph L White, Thomas
W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Wmthrop, Yorke, A Young,
aBSMfoung—105
NAYS—Messr  Arnngton, Atherton, Banks, Beeson Bid-
lack, UQwne, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Charles Blown, Buike,
SampsoaH Butler, William Butler, William O Butler, Green
W Caldwell, P C Caldwell, J Campbell, t'ary, Chapman,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cross, Daniel, R D Davis, William
C Dawson, Dean, Dimock, Doan, Dour J C Edwards, Eg
ten, Ferris, J Q Floyd,C A Floyd, romance, Thomas F
Foster, Genny, Gilnier, William O Goode, Gordon, Graham,
<Justine, Habersham, Harris, lohn Hastings, Holmes, Hop
kms, Houck, Houston, Ingersoll Jirk Cave Johnson, John
W. Jones, Kein, AndrewKennedv, Lewis I lttlefh Id, Lowell,
A McClellan, R. McClellan, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, A
Marshall, Mathews, HedilU Meritvether, Hewhard, Nlsbet,
tlliver, Paimenter Patridge, Pearce, Pickens, Plumei, Prolilt,
Rayner, ltedmg, Rhett, Eiggs, Ilogeis, Roosevelt, Sanford,
Saunders, Slade, Snydei, boilers, Spiisg, Steenrod, Sweney,
Ti'Vney, Van Buien, Ward, Warron, Wa'teratm Wellei, West
brook, E D White, J W Williams, C H Williams, and
Wood—I Ot
So the House determined that the main question should be
now taken
Mr CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays thereon,
which were ordered
Mr J O n.OYD moved to lay the motion of Mr Sergeant
• l the table, but withdrew it
Mr SN YDUl renewed the motion, but did not pei^ist in it
And the mam question, being on the motion of Mr Ser
gbant to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union from the furthei consideration of the said bill, as pro
posed tobe amended by the select committee of the House,
was then taken
Before the vote was announced—
Mr ADAMS rose and said that he was not within the bar
when his name was called, but he wished to give his íeasons
why he did not vote
The SPEAKER    It is not in ordei
And the vote was then announced, as follows
YEA*!—Messrs Alfoid, Allen, Slieilock J Andrews, Arnold,
Aycrigg, Baker, Barnarti, Barton, Birdseye Black, Blair,
Boardmao, Botts, Brings, Brockway, lironson, Milton Brown,
Calnonn, William B Campbell, Carutheis, Child , Chittenden,
J. C Clark, S N Clark, Cowen, t lanston, Cravens, G Davis,
Peberry, JohnJGdwards, Everett, Fe^senden, Fillmore, A Law
rence Foster, Gamble, Giddmgs Guggm, P G Go de, Gieen,
Oreig, Hall, Halsted, William S Hastings Hemy, How ml,
Hudson, Hunt, James Irvin, W W Irwin, James, J P Kennedy,
King, Lane, Lawrence, Linn, Sunsem Mxson, Mathiot, Mat
tocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Moore, Motean, Morn1*, Moriow, Oa
"borne, Owsley, Pend eton, Powell, iiamsay, Benjamin Ran
«Jail, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Russell, Stkonstall, Ser
geant, Sheppoid, Simonton, Smith Solleib, Stokeley, Smtton,
títuart, Summers, Tahalerro, John [1 Thompson Richaid W
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, luplett Tium
ljull. Underwood, Van Kensselear, Wallate, Joseph L White,
T W Williams, Wmthrop, Wise, Yoik , Augustu  Young,
and John Young—103
NA\S—Messrs Arrugton, Atheiton, Banks Beeson, Bid
Jack, Bordón, Bowne, Boyd, Charles Blown, Burke, Burnell,
Sampson H Butlei, William Butler, Wm O Butlei Oreen W
Caldwell, P C Caldwell Caiy, Chapman, Clitlord, Clinton,
Coles, Cross, Daniel, K D Davis, William C Dawson, Dean,
Dimock, Doan, Dour, J C Edwards, Egbt it. Ferns, John G
Floyd, Charlea A Floyd, romance, 1 liornas 1 Fostei, Gently,
Gilmer Wm O Goodc, Gordon, Gnham, Gustine, Haber
«ham, Harris, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes II ipkins, Horn k,
Houston, Hunter, Ingersoll Jack, Wm ( Johnson, One
Johnson,John W Jjhp^, Kum, Amhew Kenntdy lewis lit
tlefield, Lowell, Abraham Mil lelhn R McCIelim Mrh ly
Marchand, Alfred l^aishall Thomas F Muglnll Mitlews,
MedUl, Meriwether, Newhud, r\i-.bet, Olivei I'aimt liter,
Patridge, Pickens, Promt, Rtyner, Reditu Itenchei, Rln.it,
Rlggs, Roosevelt, Sanf ml, Saund i shaw, -M uh, --nydci,
Sprigg, Steenrod, Sweney, Furney V in liiitrn Waul Wit
tenon, Wcller, Wostbiook, L D White I W Williams,
Chnstophei H   Williams  and Wood—102
So the Committee on the Whole en th** state of the Union
was discharged fiom the further consult iation of the said bill
Some further discu&sions followed on points of older, in
•Which Messrs HOPKINS, BR1GGS, GILMER, AD\MS, and
jhe SPEAKER participated, but no proceedings were had
Ikereon.
And the Senate hill No 1, to repeal the act commonly known
as the Sub Treasury law, with the amendments proposed to
the said bill by the select committee appointed by thk House,
on the currency being now under eonsideiation—
Mr. PEARCE of Maryland having obt uncd then or, went
intoa speech m detail, in reply to that made by his colleague
{Mr Mason ] whi h he quoted as he proceeded The body ol
the speech was of a local character, itfeiring to the history of
the late Presidential canvass m Maiyland
Mr MASON now rose to set hi« olleigue right He said
the great object of his colleague seemed to have been to turn
what he said a few days ago into ndicule lie thought it un
fair in his colleague to say what he hid said because he had
showed him a letter he had written to the Baltimoie Patriot,
that he had been grossly misrepresented and lesiredhun to for
bear fuilher comment until he had his speech before him He
tal I before the people in his district, when her in for the Legu,
tature last fall, he was beaten by Gener tl Hanson's great
name—but when he ran for Congress hcrana afne dot the
Sub-Treasury, and was elected He said his opponent held up
before the people thebaige of mourning for the memory of
Harrison, but u would no tlo Mr B then rtcipitulated the
arguments of his formerspeech
Several explanations t ok place bemeen Mr M and Mr
SOLLER^, who controverted some (f) i   p «ltion^
Mr GORDON of NewYork now amilMndii c-ilJs to older,
and frequen1 interruptions made a s \eve 11 el, upon the
Bank, as passed by Congress an 1 dt fennel the Wib Frea my
system Ue, of course, was ageinst t ere] aleftheaet He
laid the people hid -always spi met1 a il«nk whei u had been
'Jfirefd upon them
Mr SHIELDS wok the floor on the san e side, and spoke
¿luring the hour in opposition, generally, to this bill, and espe
cially to (he bill which passed the House yesterday foi the es
tablishment of a Tiscal Bank of the United States Mr S said
he was unexpec edly called upon to address the House, hut his
remarks showed no want of preparation
A message was íeceived from the Senate, informing the
House that that body had passed the navy pension bill, with
an amendment, and asking the concurrence of this House
therein
Mr PICKENS obtained the floor, but yielded it for the mo
ment, when
Mr Fill MORE mo\ed that the hil's lying on the Speaker's
table be taken up on then first and second reading, and refer
red to their appropriate committees, which motion having been
agreed to—
The bill making appiopmuons for various foitifications, for
oidnance and foi pi eventing and suppressing Indian hostilt
ties, which had been sent fiom the Senate with ten un ami ml
ments, was taken up, and lelenetl to the Committee of Ways
and Means
The bill to provide for the payment of navy pensions, above
referred to, was taken up, and referred to the Committee on Na
val Affairs
On motion of Mi UNDERWOOD the bill tmevive and ex
tend the charters of the banks in the Dis net of Columbia wa*-
taken up, lead twice by us title, and reteired to the Committee
for the Disttict of Columbia
Mr AD^MS on leave presented a petition fiom numeious
s'one cutte sand others, formerly rmpioyed ot the pub ic build
mas, and discharged in consequence of a sufren ion oí the
works, asking relief which was refeired to the Committee of
Ways and Means
Mi UNDERWOOD, fiom the Committee for the Distnrtof
Columbia, to whom hid been referred the subject ot hghtirgthe
Hall with gas, made a repoit theiton accompanied by a resolu
tion, both of which were, on his motion, ordcied to lie on the
table and be printed
And then the House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Mondat, August 9, 1841.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial asking
that chloride of lime might not be subjected to
duly.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Linn, some
days since, requiring the President to give nonce
to the Britisa Government, agreeably to the con-
vention of 1827, putting an ehd to the trca'y for
the joint occupation of Oregon, was token up,
when
Mr LINN announced his intenti in to offer some
few romarks on the subject e ther tomoirow or
next da); meantime, he would requsst lhat it be
passed over informally, which was acquiesced
in.
The resolution submitted by Mr Clay of Ala-
bama, rehttng to the appointment oí additional
clerks in the land office, and the grounds on which
they were appointed, &c. was taken up, when
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he would call the
attention of the Senate to the subject-matter of the
resolution. So far as he was individually con-
cerned, he had no objection 'o ih  re clu ion, but
he ^u^miUtd whether it was worlh uhi'e to bur-
den the DrpatlmenK «i h a t.i 1 oí tai* kihd,«herp
no legislative ao ion could grow out ot it lu his
opinion, Consre s had nothing to do with the ap-
poirtmentof clerks; ihM beknt;ed e Ciiwveiy to
the Executive bianth f-f Government If «hy le-
gitimate < bj^ct could be t if cietl hy if, he would
be just as willing as any Sen <tor in the body that
it «hould pass Bat must rot a'l p ne re, i  e
had the right to call on cne D parlnn in, ue had
the same right to ca I on another, until tht re inwht
be no end to calls, out of which, as he had said
before, no legislative aciion could g-ow' During
his legislative life, he h d never seen a resolution
of similar import; but, if it was proper in itself, he
was not disposed to make this an exception
Mr. CLAY of Alabama thought the íefolution
touched a tender place. The present Administra
tton had come in under the cry of ' retrenchment
and reform," and under that cry he had unders ood
several new clerks had be n appointed to the Land
Office, and he sought to institute an examination
into the facts and the grounds on which these ap-
pointments had been mad', and should he not be
permitted to do so? He would suggest that legis-
lation might grow out of the facts Suppose they
heard that the head of an ofiVe haj Been abusing
his privileges- shiuld ttry not ins tute an
inquiry into the fasts of the cas  ? When it
was known that the business o an office was so
materially diminished as to rtqu re the dismissal of
some twenty c'erk5 under one Admirwra ion, an i
ail at once it was found that another Administra-
tion, coming into power und r the badges of re-
form and economy, had apronled additional
c erks, was it not important to asccrUm whether
the facts as stated were so or noi?   He thought the
Senator from Indiana must at orce admu the pro-
pucty of the call.
Mr LINN said this was to be a reform Admi-
nistration, anJ it could not begin at a better time
to carry out its pledges He was not a lnt'e stir,
prised to see objection made to a resolution calling
ior a simple statement of facts. But it only
served to show that there wis no disposition to carry
out their p edges. That about economy and reform
was ju5t about as much respected as that about pro-
¡■cnption, and he should endeavor to nail such
ct unterfeit* to the counter, lhat ibose who Mil
might lead. Wfpt, said Mr. L after the pubMc
building-arene?riy finished and the Florida war
closed ísit notourn.htas wellasourduty to tee that
the immense sums a W f r by you should bi u^ect
prope-iy1 You m-.de the charges agsnst us of
prcflig¿tcv, dishonesty, and extravagance, and now
we mean to make you hones', whether you will
orno, we sha!' waic'i cKself your movt-ments;
we shall hole into )our Abed turn appo ntments,
and every thing else, I premise you.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana would say nothing
more. He made no obj etion to the resolution if
it was a pioper one. He had noihmg to appre-
hend from ihe mo>t r gid scrutiny, therefore the
remarks of the Senators Irom Alabama and Missou-
ri cou d not appiy, as no such matter* had pre-
sented themselves to his mind, He was as willing,
ay, and as ready, as any Senator on that floor to
expose abuses, let them exist where they might.
His remarks had no reference to the screening of
any body irom just responsibility, but simply to
determine the question whether the resolution was
proper or expedient where legislative action wss
not li'rely to grow out of it And he desired, ones
for al!, todiscla'm any other object
Mr. BUCHANAN requested the Secretary would
read the resolution again
The resolution was read by the Secretary, as de-
vired
Mr. PRESTON d d not see any objecti m to the
call made by the resolution He, for one, did not
think that any additional clerks should be employed
in any of the Departments, unless the business ab-
solutely demanded the addition. He thought,
however, the resolution did not go far enough It
ought to reach far enough back lo show by con-
trast wnether the number of clerks now employed
is gieater than the average number daring the la'e
Admini tration He unders'ood the present Ad-
rmnisiraiion to be a Whig reform Administration,
and such he was satisfied it wou d prove to be.
He be itved it wou'd i o bet er than the late Ad-
ministration. But ihe que ion o' reform wa  not
w ct'i r twenty clerk, had been dispensed with at
the eve of going out ot power, wh ch the new Ad-
minittration migl't find necessary to carry on the
busircss, but whe.hr/r the acgregoie oí expenditure
could roí be re lench^d, witnout impairing the
business of ihe country.
Mr. CLAY ot Alabama said the fact wa", that
the twenty clerks d ■•uiisied from ihe Land Office by
the late Administration, were dismissed three or
four years ago.
Mr PRESTON, in continuation, contended that
a case co 4 d arise to make it appear that a new
Administration was extravagant by an Administra-
tion just going out of power, dismissing employees
of the Government, and leaving it a mailer oí ne-
ces Hy for the succeeding Administration to make
additions, or allow the business to fall m arrear.
He then alluded to the charges brought against the
present Administration for removal from office.
He contended that tbe removal* had not been one-
temn of those made on the late Administration
coming into power. The removals then made
were made as if it was the first duty of the party
coming into power to distribute oflicf to those who
brought it into po^er. It was a tyrannical exer-
cise oí power w'iich the present party in power re-
pudiated, and did nrt ret upon,
Mr. LINN requested he would be allowed to say
one wcrd, 't was m relation to the grounds taken
by the party now m power, in their assaults on Mr
Van Eaten'  admmi nation These were, that
the removals m his and Gen Jackson's time were
unconsti'Utionil, without the sanction of the Se-
nate.   This was carried so far as to fee embodied
