CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§0?
in resolu ions presented to th s bod/.    The remo
vals were charge enzed as  tyrannical and unron-
stimtional
Mr PRESTON cot ended that, although the
grounds named by the enuor trom Missouri
might have been tal en it first, the point of consti
tuttonality was subsequently laid ( ver, and the
ground taken by the Whig par'y befoie the people
was, that remov .Is for op,n o >'s sake were ty-
ranncil and opp e>sive
Mr CLAY oi Abbaua ic-e to reply, when the
Chair announced that the morning hoar had ex-
pired.
Mr. CLAY of Alabaría would ask of the cour-
tesy of the Senate to be allowed to proceed.
The question was put, and,on a division, thereap-
peared 20 for and 13 against it.
¡Mr CLAY of Alabama did not expect, when
the resolution was subiiuted, that it would have
cteated any debaie It was a simple call, asking
nothing cxiraordinaiy, and mak ng no ch rges.
Why, then, all thi* excite nem? He desired to test
the fidelity ot those who came into power, and see
whe iter th'i* pledges ha i bjen redeemed It was
but the other day they had from the Committee on
Finance a report, a great flourish about retrench-
ment—six. thousand nine hundred and eighty-one
dollars was the credit side of tne shee —per
contra, twelve millions, 11 h el a deficit which
they could not show, besides a 1 which, th re was
a new tariff bill to raise sorne million* more.
Mr PRESTON     Well, it i> to pay your debts.
M<- CLAY of Alabama The gentleman says
Eom'lh ng about d°b s, we know their pol cy is to
charge eveiy thing Uuon us, and define nothing;
but we challenge scrut ny into all our acts. Ac-
cording to the p'edges < f gentlemen, pro cnption
was to be proscribed retrenchment and reiorm
were to ensue, an! yet v MEt had boen the evi-
dense-.'i A loan oí twelve million^, added to the
poner of issuing Iiessmy no e io the a xiount of
six millions more, ihen to issue bonds for ten mil-
lions, and seven millions more on a contingency,
which was almost sure to happen; and these were
the evidences which they had in the first four
months of the new Adm lustration. They would
see how far the people would tolerate their acts.
He hoped the resolution would be permitted to
pass. The Sena'or from South Carolina had said
someth ng about a sudden fit of retrenchment alter
the No e-nber election, bit the clerks he alluded
to were dismissed a je?r before, and the business
of the office was brought u j so tba' their services
eojld be dispersed with.
Mr PRESTON sa 1 it was not his intention to
object to the resolation, he merely wi.hed it to
reath back through th« late Administration, so that
a ¡air contrast could be diawn He would offer
an amendment, calling for returns of adduuns to
the number of c erks made within the last four
years in the same Depaitment
Mr CLAY of AUo?ma had no objection if the
words "or dimiiu'ioi" were put in.
Mr LINN explained tha' some of the addtti ms
made during the period called for, were temporary
and merely c?l!e 1 for by ihe action of Congress
and the necessity of bringing; up a long arrear of
business in th  Department
Mr PRESTON bad no o"jection to a fair state-
ment th.3 facto ^oU 1 be given so that the occasion
for the additions would be seen He had no doubt
the present head of the Depaitnientcould show the
grounds on  wr.teh he mad'  addition , if any.
Mr BENTON explained the necessity which
existed in several oí the Depar'nents for bringing
up arrears of busires', but whfn those arrears
were biought up, the invariable rule of the late
Adnunis ration was, to dismiss tee temporary clerks
hired foi the purpt se of Clearing up such airears.
Mr BUCHANAN --aid he had a few remark?
to mak« on 'he subject tin lei dm ussion,and would
be glad to h?ve an oppo tunny, but unders'ood
tba wh le he was oat, it was a ieed the Senaior
from Aiicama [Mr Clay] should close for this
morn r *, and that the diseusiion would be laid
over t li to morrow morning.
Mr BENTON asfod if the Senator from Penn-
sylvania mean  to go on now?
Mr. BUCHANAN gave way to the Senator
fiom Missouri.
Mr BENION «aid he would g.ve realme in-
stead of imagina ions—lis would g ve real ca-es of
prosenpiicn instead <f the uaiinvy picture which
hal been presented by Mr PRhST^N. He would
show an estima'e for $73 800 sent m by Mr Web-
ster, and endorsed by Mr. Webs'er. Mr. B. rend
the estimate as follow:
To the Holts? of Representatives
I transmit beiewith to Congress a communication from the
Secietary ofS Ueon the subject of approptlauons lequiredfor
the outfits and salaues of diplomatic agents of the United ¡states
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, July 27,1841
expense, for the outfit of f 4,500 goes wuh it. Na-
jiles is ihe next: there we have a charge, conse-
q ltntly he is to be proscribed At Chili We have
none, but at Texas we hive, and there is to be
pro'-cnp ion and double expense.
But the beauty of it 13, that the senator from
So"th Carolina makes his defence on points
which do not exis*—on the London and Vienna
mission Neither of them a'e m this estimate.
Read it1 Look at it' S.udy it over1 Neither
London nor Vienna v m the estimate. They
were both provided for heretofore Add them, and
they would make $38 000, to be added Io this sum
of #72,800, in all #110,800, to be paid in the first
year of this economical Administration, for a
change of Ministers' I must insist, if the London
and Vienna missions are quoted at all, they must
be quoted right, and not as being in this estimate
which I have exhibited, and on which my charge
of pro cnption and ex ravagaace is made. 1 hold
Ihe gentleman to the estimate, and the missions
named in the estimate; and in that view I show
tha' all are removals and proscriptions except two.
I make good my charge. I deny his right to men-
tion London and Vienna; but, having mentioned
them, I show that Mr. Stevenson withdrew to avoid
the axe, and therefore must not be counted; and
that the estimate must go up to $110,800 for these
cka/igts for opinion's sake.
This is ihe detail of the appointments before us,
and in this detail, we see that, with two or.three ex-
ceptions of bona fide vacancies, !he remainder are
eithet cases of direct changes made, or to be made,
involving both extravagance and proscription.
Mr B said that this was the result of analysis.
The cases s nt in, examined one by one, Slow
thai all are proscriptionexcepttwoorthree, and that,
consequently, this w¿s the largest batch ever sent
to the guillotine in this country—large tor the
number—lar^e for the rank—large for the amount
of mi ney involved—no less than $72,800, at this
extra session, called to relieve the people1 Cer-
tainly no party ever showed such a canine appe-
tite—such a wolf appetite for the spoils of office.
Mi PRESTON was glad the Senator from Mis-
souri had made an issue between fancy and fac*.
Was Mr. Stevenson removed? He had always
understood that gentleman had earnestly desired to
be recalled beft re. Mr. P. then went through the
whole diplomatic college, and insisted tbit, after
all the cry about change, there were only two re-
moved ,whu h was unprecedented in the history of
a-i Administration, and contrasted most strongly
wnh that of General Jackson, when he day of the
cerem my of succession had scircely been closed
before he had struck ftom the diplomatic list
that great man over whose tomb they were still
mourning
Mr. BENTON read a passage from a letter re-
ceived from a gentleman 11 Missouri, who had re-
igned his office to escape the ignominy of dismis-
sal, and hence it was no less prosctiption. All the
flourish about magnanimity was gratuitous, the
documents spoke of appointments made andcop-
leaip'rted. There was an outfit of $9,000 to the
Minister of Spa n, where they at present had a
Cnarge. There was so much for this,on the score ef
the economy of the present Admin slratton. Thus.
with anti-pro cnption on ihetr lips, and songs ©f
patriotism in their moulhs, they l>ad exhib.ied the
most tabid ranine appetite for ofüce, from
1 Tippecanoe and Tyler to^.," from the footstool
of ihe President, down 10 the most humble places.
Mr. SMI TH of Indiana said they ought to have
nroceeded to the orders of the day when the hour
v as out, and hereafter he should insist on the ob-
servance of the rule The session was now draw-
ing to a c ose, and he desired to get through the
b 11 vh ch he had under charge; at a proper time,
and when the weather was cool, he might be dis-
pos« I 10 discuss the present subject.
Mr. PRESTON replied at considerable lengtn*
he said the Senator from Missouri had left the
dip'omatic corps and taken re'uge in the great
West Well, with regard to the removal of Col.
Melvane, he was disposed to think that the Presi-
dent might hive been deceived With regard to
diplomatic appointments, theie had been,he thought,
about five, in the course ot ten years, for the court
Deraiítme-^t op State,
Washington, July 20,1S41
Sir I have die hnnoi to state that 111 consequence of appoint
ments made and contemplated, of diplomatic agents of tl^e
United States, ap¡ roprtations will be tequned for the objects
herein state 1 and to teq test that the usual communication
may be made to Congress
For outfits oi ministers to llus-ai, tepain, Mexico, and
Brazil, and of  charges d'affures to  I ouueal, Den
mark, Sardinia, Naples, Chili, and Texas, sixty three
thousand dollars                                                             $6J,000
Tor salaras of ministers to Spam and Brazil for the re
stdue of the current year                                              .   8000
For salaries of the secretaries of legation to the same
places                                                                                 I,POO
I hove the honor to be sir,
Youi obedtcnt seivanf
1MNIH. WEBSTER
The President
He said that here was the whole diplomatic
corps abroad, with a few exceptions, called home
at once, that their p'actsmay be fi led by Federa-
lists and Aboluicmsts Tins large sum, called 'or
at thi, est a «es i n—ibis t a tax s«s 1(ti—for the
purpose of changing < fhu-rs—Democrat* for Fe-
deralists, Abolí lonis'si Mr B said he began to have
some respect for their Abolm ms s, notwubstand
ing the r d.n.eious prmc pie-, because ihey
co itpeiled their <.]!■-? to re peel them He re-
sieeted tn i<e ho r  pee el the mclvs' an 1 com
p" ed tie 1 cinfederates ti tesprct Tne Ato i-
tioiists ha\a u en- share of ad appoin merits, from
the highest to the lowest—more than their share—
and they extort it from a Virginia Administration
In reply to Mr. Preston, who said that mostof
the^e mmis'ers, abroad had requested their recall,
and were uot dismissed, but recalled at their own
request, Mr. Benton said that he had a let-
ter from a French gentleman m St Louis, which
stiied their case as well as h s own, and
which he read. The gentleman held an office,
which he resigned because so many good men
v.ere prose ibed, and brcauso le expected to be so
h'mself He itsigned to avoid ihe gnominy of
dismission, and this w<>s ib  cuiiib our rrini!>-
ters a roa ', and this Mr B proved by reading the
estimate He took ihe appotntmen s asihey rose,
and «dded to tne list the p evious estimate of outfit
and salarv for Minister to London. Mr Steven-
son was not pro cribed, because he avoided pro-
scription—he asked to be recall d, to avoid being
recalled. He acted under a sense of duty to his
fnends, and to share their fate, and to avoid the
ignominy of dismi sion Tne same wi h Mr Cam
breleng, the M nisttr 10 Russn; he only avoids
having h s lead cut < ff b> drawing it fro 11 under
the gJillot ne. Trie next on the list s Spam, and
here is proscription ard d u 1  extravagance A
Cbatge is there, he is to te superseded by a full
minister, with a sa'ary of $9 000, and an cutnt of
§9,000 Th s is both extravagance and pio=cnp'ion
fhe next nrme on the list is Mexico. There we
have a miiister, Mr E'lis He is '0 oe rec 'led,
(and for opinion's sake, for he, like oilers, Ha.
been abroad, and hid nothirg to do wi h election )
thr  is prescript on ..nd exuavagance, for it in-
volves an ou fi> t f $9 000 Tre next name is Bra-
zil, and there we have a Charge at this time. He
is to be ««per eded, and a full minuter appointed
this is both proscnp'ion ^nd extravagance it m-,
solves an outfit 0! $9,000  ni a salarj ot $9 Q00
The Char, e cost but $4,500 per annuti , this costs
at once (our times that amount The next was a
Bharge to Portugal, and 'his was ih-> case of a va-
cancy, c n equewly, no proscription Denmark
has a Charge, he <f course is lobe superseded-
this is pro crip ion and exp"iise, for the Change
carries with it an outfit 0! $4,5u0 Sard ma is said
to be vacant, if so, it r-, not proscription, but it is
