322
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tor other purpose?, (he amendment were con-
curred in, and the bul was passed
DISTRIBUT ON BILL
On motion of Mr. LINN, the bill to appropriate
fie proceeds of the public lands, and grant pre
emption rights," was taken up
Mr. YOUNG offeted the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the bill-
"And be it further enacted, That where any or the public
lands of the TJmted States have remained ui  ohi for fifteen
years after the termination of the public sale- the same may
he entered and purchased by actual settlers < n the following
terms and conditions, to wit If a settlei is desirous to purchase
forhis residence eighty, or less than eurhty, ac.es, lie may en
ter and purchase the same at fifty cents peí ai re, if lie is de
suous to pulchdse a quantity oyer eighty, and not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, he may entei and purchase the
same at seventy five cents per acre, and if he desire to pur
chase a quantity over one hundied and sixty aeres, undnotex
ceedrng three hundred and twenty acres, he may purchase the
same at one dollar pel acre, but no settler shall pinchare a
greater quantity than thiee hundred arid twenty acies at a prrce
below the minimum ol one dollar and a quartei per acre, as
now established by law
And be it further enacted, That, beloie any settlei shall be
allowed to enter and pmchase land at the ledui ed prices afoie
said^he shall file an affidavit with the register of the propel
land office, under such regulations as the Secietaiy of the
Treasury shall prescribe, that sucli applicant is at the tune, or
intends within six months to become, an actu d seltlei on the
landproposed to be entered, and that such applicant makefile
entry in his own name, for his own benefit, and iiotrntiustlnr
another And if the said purchaser shall not, within the s lid
six months, settle, and in good faith reside, up in the land en
lered as aforesaid, the same may be entered and putclused m
manner aibieeaid, by any other person desrr oris ol settling the
same, at the leduccd priccb aforesaid, or by any other pi rson
whether he intend settling theieon 01 not, at th< price of one
dollar and a quarter pel acre Ptovided, that if,befoiethe ex
piration of the sail term of si* months, any person who had
entered land as aforesaid for settlement is unable to make an
actual settlement theieon, he may acquire a title to the land
emeredas aforesaid, by paying buch additional sum therefor as
will complete the minimum puce of one dollar and aqualtci
per acre now fi\ed by law
This amendment was advocated at much length
by Mr YOUNG, and opposed by Mr SMITH ot
Indiana.
Mi McKOBERTS said. Mr President, if it is
intended that the provision for the graduation and
reduction of the price of the public lands, shall
ever be adopted and become ihe law of the land,
when will you ever ?ee a time as appropriate as
this? You are engaged in what may be called a
final disposition ot the public domain; it you ever
intend that a measure so Ion  and ardently urged
by most ot the States in the West, shall be acceded
to, now is the time I take no proiessrons for
what will be done hereafter, it we will pass this
bill now, without the amendment. I do not be heve
in professions Give me work"., -show me by your
votes that you are for thn measure, and then I will
believe.
The amendment under consideration provides
that the actual ¡«ettKr may puichase the public
lands that have been fifteen years m market upon
the folio.vmg leims:
l. That he may purchase eighty acres, or a less
quantity, at fifty cents per acre
2 That he may purchase any number of acres,
over eighty and not exceeding ene hundred and
sixty, at seventy-five cenis per acre.
3. That he may purchase over one hundred and
sixty, and not exceeding three hundred and
twenty acres, at one dollar per acre; with a further
provision, that purchases over that quanuty sha!!
be at the minimum price established by law.
Such, sir, is the scale ot graduation which ihe
amendment proposes That there i? a great difle-
¡enc« in value ui the public landi it requires no ar-
gument to prove, and the best criterion that can be
adopted to fix a fair scale of valuation is, to take
the number ol years it has remained in market
unsold. This amendment, which I understand has
bee i before the Senate heretofore, requires the
land to be in market fifteen years, and then
graduates the price m proportion to Ihe quantity
nought to be purchased The provision if adoj t
ed,will accommodate the poor If increases the prrce
in proportion to quantity up to 320 acres, upon the
the ground that those who want larger tracks have
the means to pay for them. It is not the bes'
scheme we could desire, but some of the members
on that side of the House, having voted for it
heretofore, we offer it now, to see if they will act
in good ¡aith, and voie for it again
Sir, said Mr. McRoberts u any relief is ro
be extended to the people of the new States in the
Jand system, by a reduction and graduation of
price, now is ihe time. If you pa^s this bill with- I
out such a provision, can there be .my well found-
ed hope that a change can ever be effected? Why,
sir, just let me ask Senatots, and especially those
from the West and South, who profess to desire
the establishment of the graduation principle
hereafter, to contemplate for a moment the opera-
tion of this bill, if it now pass, and the proposed
amerdment be rqected. Herea ter, when we
aJc the reduction and gradual'on of price,
we shall be told tnat Ihe old States have
engaged m large works' of in ernal impiove
ment-, that ihey are copsiroctmg roads and canals
upon the faith of Ike pledge which his distribution
bill held out to them. Nay, nio'i, we shall be
told that to make any change m lh<' provisions of
ihe law, would be a violation of the public faith,
as hell out by the distribution policy. Sir,^áid
Mr McRoberts, this is what you would be told.
TheStatts, asamailei oí coutse, vould have be-
come deeply interested, and would >hape therr po-
licy ace irdmrly, and any attempt toameborat< the
operations of me existing laud system, would be
whol y una  tiling Avarice and se'f interest would
be y< ur most formidaoie anta^om >s. This dr-stri
b'rlion sohr me is one lhat is mund*rl upon princi-
ples of combinalion, andalones' monjy' money!
is the object to be attained If it shoul I now pa?s,
these lll-gottm spoils will be used in hopes of buy-
in? golden opinions- (or its advocates, and to make
the law perpeiual
Sir, the whole scheme is founded on principles
at wai with our institutions. The soul and sub
stance of i* is to make Ihe States dependent upon
the bounty 0t the Federal Government. It is
holding up to the people of ti e new States
who are opposed to the scheme, a portion
ot their own pioperty asa public bribe. They
are to be bribed, and bought, and doubly taxed,
under this odious measure. Yes, sir, a' the very
time that this bill for dividing out the proceeds of
the public lands is before this Señale, anoiher bill
is on the table of the Senate, to retfm ihe duty on
sugar, molasses and -air, and to tax c iff  e and tea,
whrrh jue now free, and aim m all the necessa-
ries of life, lo supply th  deficiency in the revenue
produced in part by tnrs distribution bill. You
vole three millions a year to b^ paid lo the Sta es
under thi, land brli, and at the same irme tax the
people three millions and a half, including the ex-
penses of collection, lo supply the place oí the mo-
ney thus voted away This is on' of the m des by
which ihe party in power are going to ulieve the
people
There is no reason why ihe graduation principle
should not now be adopted, if it is the m'e'iuon of
gentlman evr to favor tie measure To pas
the bill without ine ami ndmeni, will h1 equivalent
io a fin 4 rejection oí the application foi a r duc-
tron and graduation of the price of ihe public
Ian i. I therefore, Mr President, ask for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—ayes 18, noes 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clav of Ala-
buna, Fulton. King, Linn, McRoberts Mouton,
Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith tí Connecticut,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbridge, Woodbun, Wright,
and Young—18
NAYS—Messrs Archer, liarrow, Batev, 8aj-
ard, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hunung
ton, Kei, Mernck, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives-, Simmon1, Smith cf Indiana,
Southard, S(U'„eoa, Tallmadge, ami White—27
Mr YOTJNG then t ffered an amendment to au-
thorize the Stales to las- land from the time of pur-
chase ¡rom, the United Stales.
This was atfvrcated with much earnestne s by
Mr. YOUNG and opposed by Messrs SMITH and
WHITE of Indiana.
Mr. McROBERTS said I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the piesent amendment It
imposes no obligation upon any State, but simply
provides that so much of any ordinance of Con-
gress as exempts land from taxation for five yeais
from the sale, shall be repealed as io future entries
of land, in sUCh States as shall by legislative en
actment agree thereto.   This, sir, is the precise
amendment. Now, what possible objection can
be conceived to its adoption? It asks nothing from
the old States, and imposes no obligation upon the
new States; it is not a beggar for either monev or
scrip; it is simply an assent on the pait of Con-
gress that such States as see proper to do so m ly
lax the lands withm their limits from th° time the
G-nerai Government parts with the title Can
any thing be more reasonable, morp just, or more
equitable, than this' It d e>, not apply to sales
that have heretofore been made, ihtre is, therefore,
no question of constitutional power involved in ihe
proposition
Srr, said Mr. McR s, me of the new Stales have
unfortunat ly become nvolved in debt. It is so
wi h the Stare I have the honor in part io repre-
sent. The adoption of this amendment wou d add
to ¡he amount of props ly subject to taxation.
The resources of ihe Sat' would be rapidly in-
creased by li, and so with mi st < f tut* new States
that might see propel   to accede to the proposition.
There io no politics involved in thi  amendment,
and I most certainty hope ihat the party on that
s de of ihe House, who have the ma] lily, will Hot
be ¡>o stubbornly unjas' as to \oie against n.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was decided in ihe negative—a>es 18, noes
22, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen. B< nit n, Calhoun, Clay
< f Alabama, Fulioi, King, Linn, McRobeits,
Moulon, Nirh'lson, Pierce, Sevie>, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbridge, Woodbury, and
Young—18.
NAYS—Mtws Sarrow, Bates, Ba)ard, Ber-
rien, Cnoate, Clay of Kentucky Clayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Simmons,
Smiih of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and
White—22.
Mr. LINN then offered the following amend-
ment:
"fetrike out the whole bill after the enacting clause, arid in-
sert That from and after the passing of this act, the nett pi o
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, so far as the same shall
not be needed to defray the expenses or to pay the debts of
the Geneial Government shall be, and the same aie hereby,
pledged to the common defence ol the Union and shall be
faithfully applied to that object, from time ro ttnie, ac
toidmg to the plans of defence which Congress shall adopt,
until the United states arc r laced rn that state of strength
and security which is due to the honor and inde
pendence of the country, and to the pioteetiorr of the lights
and interests of its citizens And it shall be the duty o! the Se
eietaiy of theTietbUiy, at the commencement of each stated
session ol Congre&s, to report to each House of Congiess the
unount of the nett pioceeds of the public lands loi the cuiient
/eai, and which were not requn ed to defray the expenses or lo
pay the debts of the tinned ¡states, and the amount so reponed
shall be and the san e heieby is, appropnatedto piovidmgsuch
means, and constructing sueh woiks of public defence, by
ttndand w itel as then may be in plotless, or which Con
"less oh ill orderand dnect, -md such -loproprratronsshallcon
tiriiie iiiuil the defences of the Unron shall be completed,
and h ill be in ad htron to the oidlnaiy annual approprrations
lur su h objects "
Mr L addressed the Sena e in suppon oí his
amendmeat for about an hour, in a speech rt plete
wuh patriotic sentiments, clothed in beautilul and
appropriate language.   When he had concluded,
Mr KING expressed his sense of the importance
of this amendment, and his desire to address the
benate upon it, but he would forego this desire, if
it was the wish of gentlemen on the opposite side
to take the vole on ordering the bill t3 a third read-
me th's evening
Mr SMITH of Indiana declined this proposi-
tion
Mr. KING said the Democratic Senators had ex-
pressed their willingness, for the purpose of expe-
diting the public business, to take the vote without
further debate; but if gentlemen on the oiher side
would not consent to this, he wished to submit his
views on the amendment now beiore the Senate,
and for that purpose, as it was late, he would move
an adjournment.
Tne motion for adjournment, hjwever, was
withdrawn, and the Senate went into Executive
session.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednkxdat, August]l, lSli
The journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr iMALLORYiose and said he  had received, and asked
permission to present to the House, a copy of the proceedings
of a public m eting held m the town of Portsmouth, Vir
gima, m opposition to the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of ihe public lands,and the Bank of the United States, and
instructing him, so fai as the voters there assembled had the
