CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            Hi
—"
exerciseit at this time? He belieied it was, and whilst he «aid
this, he wotftd add, that he felt himself bound to say not only
that the Legislature of his Stale had passed, unanimously, reso-
lutions expressive of then opinions in favoi of a gener d bank-
rupt act, but also that meetings had been held among all
classes of the community, who united in calling upon Con
giess to pass a law of that charactei Under these circum
stances, then, he should consider himself derelict m his duty, if
he were to neglect to express his sentiments on this impoi tant
subject
Having already said that he entertained no doubts as to the
constitutionality of such an act, and that the only question was
as to its propriety and expediency, he would say, in lefeience
to the latter point, that, looking to the expressed will of the
Legislatures, to the meetings of the people, and the resolutions
pdbaed by them, and likewise tothegieat number of petitions
presented hei e in favor of the passage of a uniform bankrupt
law, its expediency was clear, decided, and unquestionable
He thought that the people had mo¡>t distinctly and unequivo
cally come forward, and asked Congress to pass a bankrupt
law without delay, as it would go far to relieve them fiom the
embarrassments under which they were now suffeung And
he would say that, if ever there was a people in the woild more
than anothei who íequired a law of this kind, it was the peo
pie of the United States
After examining the constitutional question, and noticing
some of the objections taken to the bill, he went on to 3iy, that
a bankrupt law had, heietorore, met the approval and sup
port of many of the most distinguished men in this countiy,
whose hearts had been enlisted in the cau e of justice and of
suffeung humanity He (Mi A ) conferid that his judgment
had been strengthened by what he had heattl in leierence to
this subiect, and his sympathies had been awakened in favor
of the unfortunate but honest debtoi This bill might bo in
correct in many of its details, and he .vould call upon gentlemen
to come forward and make it what it ought to be He was, a 
he had intimated, in favot o! the principle of the measuie—a
principle which had been adopte 1 in almos! every enlighten? 1
nation He expressed his most sincere hope that this bill
would be passed, as he was sure it would onng joy and com
fort to the hearts of sorrowing and desponding thousands,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to Mt Birdseve who yield
ed to Mr Weller, on who&e motion the committee rose and
reported progress
On motion of Mr EVERETT, certain ndditmnal papers
relating to the Mexican Commission were ordeied 10 be
printed
Mr BARNARD give notice that he would, to morrow,
introduce a resolution to terminate the debate on the bank
rupttnll
On motion of Mi FILI.MORI , (by leave ) an extra numbei
of certain tables furnished horn the Trri«nry Department in
relation to the tevenue bill, weie ordeied to be printed
Mr WELLBR moved that the House adjourn, butwithdiew
the motion, to enable
Mr WISE to move that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Unioi be discharged from the furthei consideiation
of the bankrupt bill, on which motion Mi W moved the j le
vious question
Mr HOLMES said he opposed this motion, unless gentlemen
would pledge themselves not to call for the previous question
when the bill should come into the House He hoped a mea
dure oí this importance was not to be forced through without
sufficient discussion.
Mr ADAMS observed that the treulleman need not ttouble
himself—thei e was no quorum to vote
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE,
Friday, August 13, 1841.
The House bill,providing for ex ending the time
for locating certain military land claims of Virgi
gmia, was laken up and read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The joint íesolution offered by Mr HUNTING-
TON, for the transfer of the light-boat at Sandy
Hook, to Bartlett's reef, in Long Island, anl that
at Bartle't'a reef to Execution rocks, was read a
third time and parsed.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee ror the
District of Columbia, reported the bill fiom ihe
House allowing fines and forfeitures to be reco-
vered before justices of Ihe peace in violation of
the laws and ordinances of Georgetown, without
amendment, and it was taken up and passed
Mr CALHOUN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the people at Portstnouih, Viigmia,
condemning the extra session, and the whole sys-
tem of measures which it was called to consum-
mate
The resolutions were in slrong and decided lan-
guage.   Among them wa  the fo'lowing-
"Resolvfd, Thai, like the Demociacy of the older time who
aroused the people toa sen e of their danger, hurled the ma
rauders from power, repealed the alien and «eduion lu\s and
rescued the Constitution from deseciation anl outiige we
pledge oursehes, should Congress pass any law establishing a
National Bank distributing the pioceedsol the public Ian Is, or
assuming the State lebts, never to le'ax our exertion* until
these unconstitutional and dangeious enactments slnli be e\
punged from our statute books, and the sancuty of otu national
compact be vindicated and maintained "
These proceedings, on the motion of Mr Cal-
houn, were ordered to be printed
The joint resolution reported by Mr. Clayton
for the distribution of seven thousand copies of the
printed retui ns of the sixth census among the seve-
ral States, and  the reservation of three thousand
copies in Ihe library of Congress, for future divpo
sitior, was la'ien up, ard, after some conveisation,
ordered to be engrossed foi a third reading.
Mr HENDERSON submitted a resolution au-
thorizing the Postmaster General io draw from the
file-, of the Senate the documents from the Post
Office Department of the years 1824 and 1835, and
which became the subject of a report, that they
might be rrpbeed on the files of said Department.
He had received a communication from the Post
master General, stating that those papers were ne-
cetsary <oi the use of the Department.
Mr SEVIER of Arkansas said that the mails
had almost ceased to run in his State. Daily mails
were turned into semi-weekly and weekly mail",
and or many of the routes ihey had cased alto-
gether. When the Department came to Consress
for money to continue such an establishment, he
was disposed rather to suilender its pretended be-
nefit?, and rely upon private conveyance
Mr LINN a,lluded to the state of things m Mis-
souri as being similar to that in Arkansas, a-, por-
trayed by its Senator.
Mi SMITH of Indiana said, when he had sub-
mitted this resolution, he had not intended a debate.
It was proper that the dues now existing against
this Department should be liquidated, and it was a
mere resolution of mquity a* to the best mode of
doing it.
Mr SEVIER expressed hiv. intention of offering
an amendment, and the res< lutton was laid over
till to-rnoirow
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, on leave, reported the
bill for extending the time tor issuing Virginia mi-
litary land warrants.
DISTRIBUTION AND PRF-EVIPTION BILL.
Thi« bdl wa- taken up, the question being or the
amendment of Mr ARCHER to strike out the
provtsii n in 'h*1 9th  eouon applying the land grains
lo the new S'ates to objects of internal improve-
ment, vi7 road--, canals, bridges, improvement of
water-courses, and dra,mng swamps
Mr. CLAY of Alabama briefly opposed lhi«, on
ihe ground of the propriety oí cntinuing ih* sjs
tern heretofore pursued, m distributing Ihe lands
for specific purpose , road , &c He contended
that nothing could be mor ■ injurious to the General
G vernment than the «ystcm of making i Ihe lax-
gatherer ft r the States. Nothing could be more
injurious to the States themselves than habituating
them to look to the General Government for subn
dies. To leave then ihe means of relying on them-
selves, and there would be no applications to
the General Government. The General Go-
vernment would share in the benefits of all
the improvements made in the new States. In
the Tomtoms of Wiskons-an, Iowa and Florida,
for instance, would not grants of this kind, proper
ly applied, bring the Government lands soonei in-
to market, and increase th'n va'ue? He was, on
this principle, opprsed to the mttion, and would
vo'e against the amendment.
The amendment was negatived without a di-
vision.
Mr MrROBERTS moved an amendment, to
strike out, m lh  eighth secti n, thi? provision
granting to each of the Stales of Ohio, Indiana, Il-
linois, Alabama, Missouri, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansa , and Michigan, (which have not Hereto-
fore received 500,000 acres of l¿nd for internal ira
provemenis,) a sum sufficient with what the) have
already rec tved, to make up that amo ant, and in
sert a provision graitmg tj ihe States of Iihnoi ,
Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, Arkansas, Li uisia
na, Mississippi, and Alabama, quantities of land
which, t< ge her with tnat a ready received, p^clu-
sne of the sixteenth section ot lands appropriated
foi schoo' purposes, -hall be equal to that granted
toOl.io, vi7 to I linois 492,000 acres, to Indiana
288,000 reres Miehigai, 1037,000 a-es, Mis
souri, 1,048 000 acres, Arkansas, 1,040 000 acres
Louisiana, 1 097,000 acres, Miss ss.ppi, 1,095,000
acres- and t" A'abama, 672,000 acres
He contended that if thpre was any one amend-
ment offend to lh s bill which eould be sustained
< n principles of undoubted equity, it wa« this Trie
quantity of land, from time to time, granted to
Ohio for the encouragement cf internal improve-
ment, exceeded a million of acres, (1,142,000,)
and the quantity hitherto given to the other eight
new States, varied from nothing to 800,008.   He
contended that if Congress had the power to take
from the public domain, this million one hundred
and forty-two tliousaud acres, and bestow it upon
Ohio, for purposes of internal  improvement, jus-
tice   demanded   that   the   same   encouragement
should be given to each of the other new States.    It
was generally admitted that the internal improve-
ments thus fostered and encouraged in Ohio, bad,
within the short space of time which had elapsed
since the admission into the Union, raised her upto
nearly a level, in wealth, enterprise, and property,
with Pennsylvania and New York.   It was ihe in-
terest of the General Government, independent of
the equal justice which u wa* bound to administer,
to give each of the new States the same encourage-
ment and fostering   care.    He   asked   on   what
grounds could those who had voted these grants to
Ohio refuse to vole an equal measure of justice to
the other ne^ States^    In his own State, (Illinois,)
the seasonable supply to which she was entitled,in
order to make the grants to hei equal those which
hid be<-n given to Ohio, would enable her to com-
plete her two principal works, now suspended for
want of means, both of which were of a national
character, calculated lo benefit the whole Union,
as well as herself.   One of them was the most stu-
pendous canal in the world; thit which was to con-
nect the Nurlhern lakes with the navigation of the
Mississippi river, and  through*its tributaries to
open a communication from the North, with trie
whole of the West, South, and East.    Besides the
proceeds of the portion of the public domain which
she claimed, the acquisition would strengthen  her
credit   in    the   stock   market,   and   enable   her
to    rra i7°    bettir  pneei   on  her   bonds.   The
Sate  had,   itself, already  expended up,vard5 of
tour millions on this  great   public  work, which
wa', in reality, a national work     !t  was  a good
deal more lhan halt completed, and the addition to
her mean,  and endit now  asked by this amend-
ment, would enable h r to finish ihe work     It was
short- lehled   policy   in  Pennsylvania and New
York not to appreciate the value of tins great na-
tional woik of communication.   They, as well as
Louisiana and the Western  and Northern S ates,
wauldshaie largely in the   benefits tobe derived
from it    If this arrangement were not now made
for t le new States,  there  would be no possible
chance of it hereafter, in the event of the present
bill becoming a law.   The quantity of land to be
given to Illinois, to place her upon an equal footing
with Ohio, would be abaut half a million acrec—
not quite a thirtieth part of ihe unsold fifteen millions
and upwards of her public domain, subject to  the
disposal of the General Government at the present
moment     In Arkansas, the quan'ity to which that
S ate would  be entitled, would be only one thirty-
sixth oí her own unsold public lands    It was as-
serted out-of doors that the ten per cent, would
place these new States on an equal  footing with
Ohio     This he utterly  denied     lhat scheme was
wholly fallacious—i w->s qui e deceptive—it would
be no relief at all     Tnts bill is subject to repeal at
any tune     One of lis provisions i , that it shall be
susptnded m the event of w?r—an event not  very
ibsiant, according to piesent prospects.    Tnedura-
tion of the b 11, even if peace continues, could harc'-
lv be dated longer than the three years of the pre-
sent Administra ion from next March ; fi r this
pnneip'e   of d stnbstion was adverso to the honest
convictions of the great  mass of the people,  and
there   were  signs  in  thp   Western  hnrizin  of a.
change ¡here, ihe news of wh ch had come to hand
within the last six hours, that showed the reign of
• he presen1  paity   m   power   wou'd  be but mo-
n entsry ,   and   then   this   bill,   along   with   all
the other   measures   forced  on   the country this
session, would be repealed.    Tie tenth of Ihe pro-
ceeds of ihe Ian Is sold under the operation of this
law, wi'lim  the probable term   of its duration,
would be a mere mockery offered to the new States.
Bit let the fate of this bill be wha' it may,  as to
repeal, on every principle of justice the new S'ates
are entitled lo be placed by the General  Govern-
ment   on the same footing as the S ate of Ohio.
He next replied to the   argumen's  of Mr   Bu
chañan, made yesterday, and showed that the old
