332
States had no such claim as they now set up for a
&hare of those public lands in proportion to their
Federal population. According to that claim,
Pennsylvania would-, rnve a tenth ot ths unsold
lands in Arkansas, while Aikansas herself would
not get mere thin §13,000 out of the yearly sales,
supposing they amounted to fire millions; that is,
for Arkansas $13,000, and for Pennsylvania
$500,000, ar.d this, too, out of the public lands of
Arkansas, rescued and secured by its set-
tlers from the Indians, at the expense of their
blood and treasure. He, for one, would not
sub-rsit to such injustice. He looked to ¡he rate at
which populaik n increased in thesJ States, jn con-
tiast with the increase m the old States; in ths
former it as Ascertained by the last census to be
one hundred ptr cent; in the latter only from
twenty-five to thirty; would every year, bttween
this and the next census require a different calcula- I
tion of P der.il population? Would it ;e justice
thus to divide out the public domain of the new
Sates among the old confederated Sta'es, without
any regard to the millions wh>ch the population of
the West will count in ten ortwen'y years io come?
Where will be their share 'hen in proportion to
their Federal population? But he had constitution-
al ground* for opposing ihi-. bill. It «as, in effect,
an appropriation bill of money to the respec iva
States. Tnere wjh no pos ble construction of
the ConstitutKsi by which Ccigress was .au.ho-
rized to vote money ont of the public funds
of the General Government, to be put into the
Treasury of each of the States. If Cinoret-s
proposed an act to take money out of the Trea-
sury of each State, would it not be res sted as un-
consli'utiooal? It> it not equally vnconstitnuonal
to pass an act to put money into them? It is a bad
rule'hat will not work both way; and what ts
giving away the public I ¡nds, which ate a source
of revenue to the United Slates Tiep.svoy, but giv-
ing away the meant, the money of the Gcnert-I Go-
vernment? What pan of the Ccrstitution audio-
N'zes tins? It i Ird hen proposed, to the darners
ol the Coii'timih n to put in a c'nutr ar.tlioriz :g
Congress to vote supplies ot money to th.«. Tie-vu-
ries of such States as should rant it for the pay-
ment of their debts, would they not fu.ve scouted
the proposition most, indignant!)'} and can it then
be inferred, by a.iy indirecivn, that a power equi-
valent to th it exists in ths Constituí io1..? [WVn
Mr. MoUoBBars h.«l reached thii brand! of hi ar-
gument, of which we have g.ven a very ha.-ty and
neeessarily impeif, ct synopsis, he was obliged tn
resume his ?c-at from ¡ rc3t e>:hsu*tion, lis it.-'c of
health being entirely rmtqnal to the ta^k ol'ieviev-
ing the it hoi * .subject in t:.e sao." enerar fie. s'iain
with which he had oiir-ued u up to tlw nioisic.jt he
was obliged tn "-it d.jwn.J
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rcg.-eite 1 that the Sena-
tor from Mtnois [Mr. McRoBEn.Tf3.had b-en pir-
ventid by illness from finishing his rerntik*. He
(Mr. Smith) fell deep sympathy, which he was
suie pervaded the whole Senate, for the cause of
that Senator's re.umtng hu seat before he h?d ful-
ly expressed h.s views. Considciing thitt the Se-
nator had been thus deptw; d of an opportunity of
fully dhcu^og the mtris of his ¡ ra. ndn.ent,! e
(Mr. Smith-) ha i, b ¡ore he rose, doub'cd the pro-
priety of making ntiy jcply; but, on reflection, he
believed it vims due to his ii tends to make at ¡c?st
a short explanation in lel.Uien to that hMre'h of
the subject which the S-nator fiom Ilhnois had
fully discussed. He (¡V'r. Smith) msiata.ned tha'
the State of Illinois would receive quite as much
under the provis-.ons of this b¡¡! as Ohio had and
wi uld receive !rcm the G. veir.ment. He thought
the c.ise selected for the basis of the arg'tnu-r.t of
the Si nitor fiom Ilheois w.-.-i a vet y unfortuna'e
ote for him. liwou'dbe found, «pon a calcu'a-
tion, that the lands sold in Ohio had averaged
about $1 67 per acre, while the lands sold in Illi-
nois hs.d on'y avi ri-ged tjl 25 8-10 per aoie. 'I hat
disparity might be acconn'ed for, in p?rt, bv the
fact that the grants to the S ate ot Oho were of a'-
ternale seclienr, white the minnnem pric of the
reserved sections wa> rai- d tea sum that would
moie than be an equivalent for the alternate
sections granted; and ben;e, in point of revenue,
these  grants  were  really   out of  the question
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in an equalization of the grants to the
new States. Tnere were many things to take
into consideration upen'a question of equalisation
of these grants, which aiupeiftcial view wculd
not present. He thought tile bill had better re-
main as it was, and he should vote against all such
amendments, as he believed it would be found,
upon a calculation of the amount to be received
by the new States, taking into the account the tjn
per cent. 8Dd the 500 000 acres, that the bill
approximated nearly to a just division between
them If there fhould be any other provisions
necessary hen-after, let then be mad?, but let the
present bill paso in its piesent shape.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama was surprised that
there should be opposition to this smrndinent from
any quarter, especially from the Senator from In-
diana, whose State was to be benefited by it. Its
object was to place the new Sta'es on an equal
fooling, which was not accomplished in the p e-
sent form of the bill. He had never complained
that Ohio had received reo much, but that tht new
States h?d received ton liol.'; and the object of the
amendment was to place all on a proper foot-
ing of equality. It was on this principle
that the ten per cent, -¡pas to be given to the
new States. On what other principle could it be
maintained that they were to get the half million
of seres e.-.ch? Was it not on the. principle of
equalization? The object of this intendment wr.s
to carry out the principle of equalization with
more exactness and equity. Could any man argue,
that in the shape the bill at present assumes, this
principle could be carried out with any possible
shi-w of justice; that the other States of the West
and Sou'h could by it be placed on an equality
with Ohio in respect to the grants of pnHic
lands from the General Government? The
argument of the Senator from Iricl'rna
ab' ut the effect of the grant of public hods
in alterna'e sections, goes for lU'tViin..', as the
jrai.ts t<> ins oiiuT ritw Sates have b>rn of the
same charae'er. Mr Clay th..n it t r'H 'n'n a
't-'iiute esp'anat'oti o' tie grunt-, made to A'aba-
mi; and C'licluccd by calkrg for the yeas aid
nays on the amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN should vote for the amend-
ment, as he thought if the bill p- "ed it ras right;
but for is much Ivg'ter nascn, thti tie would much
rathe give ¡ha whole of the lands to the S'atps in
which they lav, th.m t". distribute thrraas propos< d
by this hill. The bill was a m-st unconstitutional
meastir.;. The proceeds rf the lands belonged to
the Treasury, and if they were rot ipnropriated
ts> ihi-. purjvse, then the new States had ll-r-b«st
risrht io then. Tc y belonged tub.  whole Union,
and on this condition th" new States enter-d the
compict; if thi< were violated, the bnl revertid
back to its original condition, and betv.t'.ie the pro-
perty of the Slates in which it lies. Viewed in
any lig'it, bath eons'itutional and otherwise, this
was, to him, the most «11113 measure that could
be presented.
if it were pterented as an alternative, to give
the lauds to the new States or distribute the pro-
ceed.? among the States, he would yield up every
acre to the new States, and think he did ri«ht.
B-t'cr, ;nfimtely better, to leave them to the new
States than us? them for th  parpo es of corrup-
tion. He íegarried the bill ss such a vio'ation of
the compact, that, if he wete a ci'>z n of the new
States, he would not s«fFer i sinul-'1 acre to be sold.
It "ras only by such lanrju-ge (alluding to the re-
r.iftrks of Mr. McRobi-rtí) that ¡he Government
could be arreted in its disposition to plunder.
Looking to ¡he bill in all its aspects, it was of all
olh'rn .he rm>t abhorrent ¡o l is ffi-linrs
Mr. YOÜN3 ra.d there was 3 view of this sub-
ject that had not, as \ et, b-en tak"n. This di tri-
bation wa:a violation of the coer.pact with the
new State?, which wa , that the proceeds of the
lands should go to the'Treasury. If this was done,
snd thus the c. mpaet violated, 'he r'ght which had
been given up by ¡hat compact should be cxerehed,
viz: of taxing the public lands within the borders
of the States; which, in his State, at a tax of three
cents an acre, wculd amount to the sum of #540,000
aanually.
Mr. WHITE explained the cause of the grant
that had been made to this State, and entended 8
that the peculiar grants to some States should not jK
alone fe.- considered, but the be-efits arising thence IP
to those Slates, and to the Gsneral Government, ft
Indiana lad finished canals of two hundred miles B
in length, and Onto twice that amount, by ths aid If
of tho.se grants. The arduousness if the settlement &§
of those S'ates, in comparison with their more fa- m
vored younger sisters, should also be taken into lp
consideration. He was dúposrd to vb>e for the x.
amendment, r.s at present advised, believing it Si
would not prejudice the passage of the bill                  !«
Mr. CLAY of A!ab?ma contended that the a p. %
propiiations of lands to Alabama had bten as judi- ti
ciously and beneficially improved as of Ohio or In- P*
diana. He conceded that justice to the new S ates $
entitled them to the lands within "heir borders, in
the same manner as the old Stales held their terri- 4
toiy. If, however, equal justice could not be done j¡
to the old and new States, the new States at all %
events, ought to be placed on an equal footing s
with each other.                                                            %
Mr. WALKER observed that he was perfee'ly    ; i
satisfied the chairman of   the   committee   [Mr.      i
Smith  of Indiana]  would  riot misrepresent ?ny   ? |
thing; he should, therefore, say it was his (Mr.    > i
Wílkbr's) conviction that the Senator bad been   \
g'eatiy mis'aken in the view he took of the tights    j
of the new States.   Mr. W. then went into a mi-   ¡1
nutc review of the first settlement of Mississippi,    J
and pointed out the hardship, sufferings, mas.scres,    |
&c. which had attended every early attempt of the    *|
whites to possess themselves of a footing  on the     ;
territory of that State.    He appealed to ths Sc-     '.
Bate to do even-handed justice to the  new States,
by   placing    them    on   an   equal   footing  with     !
Ohio.    He asked the Senator  from Indiana how
could  that drstroy  the bilí?    If the  amendment
were adopted by the Senate, and   if the Lili wire
parsed,  Hwovtll  not be  destroyed in  the  other
House, because if that House approved ot it,   the
bill, as r.m.-ndett, would be pa> si d there as well as
her;; if the amendment were not approved  by ¡he
H.'U.c. ii would be   stricken out,  and ths  Señale
could than concur to  save the bill; ro that in any
event it could not  prejudice the bill to adopt the
amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana thought the bill was too
long under discussion. The cession was drawing
to a clos , for he understood the other House had
nearly got through with its business. He there-
fore would merely call for the final vote on this
amendment.
Mr, BENTON offered an amendment to the.
amendirct.!, to add ths words "ani similar quan-
Hits withtuat granted to Ohio, shall be gianted to
each of such States r-s may hereafter become rneni-
bersi oí the FVderal Union.
He commented on the injustice of this bill—be-
ing a mere plund"r of the Treasury, and repeated
his advice to the Representatives ofthenesv States,
to set their clr.ims higher than ten per centum—to
twenty-fire or thirty per cent, and they could get
it, as the passage of the bill depended on their
votes, fie claimed the paternity of the provi-
sion for the appropriation ot the five bundled thtu-
sand acres to the new States; and declared were
he a friend to the bid, he should make a large de-
mand for appropriation to his Stale, and would
make them pay it. He had offered this arand-
ment to provide for the Territories as they became
States.
Mr. FORTES held that the public domain be-
li.r.g'd to the Federal Government; and although
theie was something attracti/e in the amendment,
the Sta'e oí Michigan, in justice, would not at-
ti rapt to claim the nght oí soil within her limits.
She would hold the compact inviolate.
Mr. WOODERIDGe'believed the proceeds of
the lands were never des'gned to constitute a pub-
lctund. He was in favor of the amendment, as
it was designed to place the new Sta'es on an
equal footing. The expenses oí the constrrction
ot roads on the public lands, which incref-ed their
value to the Union, should be in part sustained by
the Government, by grants of land, which had
proved of so much benefit to Ohio.
Mr. TAPPAN concurred with the Senator from
