éiw
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and i* would be better to proceed immed'ately to
the consideration of the subject, than to spend an
hour on, the land bill, and then be broken off to
take pp thu bill. Eleven o'clock was the hour ap-
pointed in 1832 for taking up Gen. Jackson's yeto
message.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky preferred 12 o'clock;
•whatever business of the orders of the day would
be on hand could be passed over informally when
the hour came.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama reminded hts colleague
that 6,000 copies of Gen. Jackson'i veto message
tad been ordered to be printed He thought 10,000
■would not be too much
Mr. KING had looked over the journals, and
found it was 6,000 copies of Qcn Jackson's veto
message had been ordered on tns motion. He
would new make a similar motion.
S'X thousand copies of the message weie then or-
dered to be printed
Mr. RIVES movd to go into Executive SiS'ion,
which was agreed to by a vote of 23 to 19.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
and shortly after adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
MoNruy, August 1G, 1841.
The journal  of yesterday was re-ad and ap-
proved
Mr LINN, by general consent, presente 1 a pe-
tition of the inhabitants of Sarat ga^, New Yoik,
praying for a bankiupt law confined to natural
persons, and not including corporations; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having charge of the subject
In reply to an inquiry, the SPEMCKR suted
that the regular ord^rof business would le the
reception of petiti >ns.
Mr BARNARD moved that the Home revive
itself into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union
Mr. HUNT hoped that motion would not pre-
vail until an opportunity had been given to mem-
bers to present petitions.
Whereupon, by general consent, petitions and
memorials were presented by the following gentle-
men, and were appropriate referred
Mr. HUNT ot New York. Mr. H. presented
the petition ofE. Peck and oihtrs, manutictu
rers of iron, in and near the city ot Ntw York
asking the appointment of a committee of Con-
gress to collect facts, &c. preparatory to a revision
of the tariff laws &c.
Mr LOWELL of Ma ne     Mr   L   pre rnied
the pel Mono* Win   Benmt', and o her citizens  of
Ellsworth, Mame, pisymg Oongre s to pass a  ee
■neral bankrupt law it i s present srsnon
Mr L. remarked, thu the banhrupt bill having
been re erred lo the Con mil ee of the Who e on
the state ot the Union, he would move that this pt-
tion take the same duection, and it was referied
accordmaly
Mr.  CUSUINC} of Massachusetts
Mr. HALS TED of New Jer ey
Mr. BARNARD ot New Yoik
Mr. SLADE if Vermont
On leave givin, Mr HOPrUNi cffVred ¡be fol-
lowirg resolution, uhuh was atUpitt
Revived That tl c Con n u r on tbeP ,t Office and r0,t
Rwdnbe instr icie I i<> 11 cuno n i .the r pe<l,u, y 0, repot, ,"
a bill dtuhonz ns the l'u un i t id ei ii r esuuiishix
mails along the gu u n R,i ¡¡i „nl win \ti\, id an, \ 
nleations m cises w bei e 1 e is- t lh| , , m ¡ p co
have the mails tian-poitct on end mites- bv tan™., „Z
Bteairboatolor thcitteoicompuisatioi iioscnbod bylaw
On leave gtven, Mr WELLER presented the
proceedings of a Demo ratic meeting he d at Ha
milton, in the State of O no, on Ue 31st J my last
against the incorporation of a National Bank'
against the repeal of the Independent Treasury'
against the distribution of the proceeds of the pub-
lic land*, &c, which, on motion, were laid on the
Mr. JONES of Virginia asked ¡ewe to mesent
cá-tatn resolutions adopt-d M a p,bl c m,/™¡
the people of ihe Is e ot Wi-u uon.y, V.r ml
sgamst the es «Moment of a aink ot ' ne VmteJ
States, against me distribution of ihe nrocee s n'
Ihe sales of the public lands, &0           P
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky objected to the
introduction of these re olutions
Mr JONES hoped that ihe House w¿s not yet
prepared by us decision to stifle the \oic° tí" the
people, and to exclude from tbeha'ls of legislation
t(solutions couched in respectful terms, and a>-
p'ym?, as these did, to subjects now pending be-
lore Congress of the deepest interest to the people
themselves.
Mr. ANDREWS said he should persist m tis
objection unless he could be al'owed to reply
Mr. JONES expressed his desir* that the hono-
rable member from Kentucky should be percr lttel
to reply, and hoped that thai indulgence wou'd be
extended to mm by the House.
The objection being persisted in, ihe tesohitions
were not received
Mi. SNYDER of Pennsylvan a a ked leave to
off°r the following resolution-
Resolved by the Stna'e and House of Representa-
tives m Congress assembled. That ihis sessp n ot
Congress shall terminate on the 23dda) of. Augu-t
instant, at 12 o'clock m.
Oojections were made in several paits of the
House.
[A voice.   Wait till the veto comes—we will
have it then ]
Th« resolution w?s not received.
Mr GILMER, from ihe Cimmit.ee of Ways
and Means, asked leave to make a report
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky objrc ed, a', he
said, he would do to every thing that was not re-
gularly in order
Mr BARNARD renewed the motion thai the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, but waived the mot on,
at the request of Mr Fillmore, to enable the com-
mittees to be called for repor s.
Mr. FILLMORE from the Committee of Ways
and Mr-ans, to whom had been referred ih- com-
munication from the President in rdation to f r
ther appropriate), for the General Post Office,
reported that the commitieehad had the same un-
der consideration and declined reporting any appro-
priation iherefor.
Mr FILLMORE, from the same committee, to
whom had been referred the communication from
the Secretary of War asking for appiopnam ns to
carry into effect the treaty with the Miami Indians,
reported that the committee did not cono ive that
this subj ct came wi hin ih- rule adop'ed by this
House, limiting and prescribing |ie business
which shi uld be acied on during t( e present ses-
sion i f Conenss
Mr FILLMORE, from the sarre oromtllee, to
whom   had  been  referred   lb-  p tnion ot <er a n
s onecutt rs asking furiher appropm i ns fort e
public bmloing , a-ked lint the sS1d <  mmntre be
di c•urged   í om   th  consideration 'her of, and
t! e subjec  be refened to it e Cc mmittee on Publii
Bud írgs
An-1 me «u^jeet was referred accorungH
Mr   R \N DOLPH, from the C immntm on En    I
nil dB II , repurted that that oonmntt e «ad ex-  I
amir ed ihe bill m relam n  10  fines ¡>t d recover es
unler h" char er li«s  an 4 ordi lances of Gcirgt
toun,  ere    a-i had  fian \  the   sunp to  be   c< r-   I
ree>.    And  the bill  recen ed ih«sgratne -f ihe   I
Sreaker
Mr GILÍIER fiom tri  Cinirill e rr Wajs
an I Means rcp„ ,u( d | ,n ,n pr< ur( f()r ^ _,c)[|ff
Greenou h's, Stu ne v f Wi ! i gtnn in th Ki tuodn
of liu Capí ol
The hill, having b en read t<"ire b; its tii'e, was
refeired to the Commiitee of the Wnole on the state
of the Union
Mr BRIGGS, from the Committee on the Poh
Office ard Posi Riads, reported the following reso-
lution  which wasal( ptet
Replied Thit the Pink of the House of Rente entaln-s
own         panTn/ '^hofthepapei   ti e i l, ,n. tht P< at
OlhCf Depiunient befire its destrucu n by lie, tv diet m
rnittee of Invtstigation ol the Hon=e of R piesentamc^, as the
said Auditor may select                                              ,a5me
Mr WISE ¿es red to inqnir  of the chairman of
th  Oommittee on the Expenditures of the Post
Office Department, or oí the Comtn pee oí h  Pt n
Oni"e and Past Roads, whether any action Would
be proposed on the communication made by the
Postmas'er General in relation to arrearages due
from that Department tocen tractors?
Mr BRIGGS (chattman of the Commi tee on
the Post Office and Post Roads) replied that that
committee had the subject under* consideration
now.
Mr WISE was understood to say that calls for
information on the subject had been addressed to
him and to other members of tfee House. The ses-
sion was nearly at a close, and, unless something
was done soon, Congress would adjourn without
doing any thing
Mr. W. W IRWIN, from the Select Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, reported the following reso-
ln'ion-
Resolved, Tint the cbAnman of the committee ast leave of
the Hoi  to sit during the ross of Congress, and that the
committee have rotter to send lor persons and papers, and u>
leniilat the next session by bill 01 otheiwise
Mr ANüREWá of Kentucky moved to lay the
the 'e olnuou on the tpb'e
Mr W W IKWIN asked the yeas and nays;
wri'b. were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
139 nays 40
S > the tesolulion was laid on the table.
Mr BARNARD renewed his motion that the
House resolve use f into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, but again waived it, at
the request of
"Tr WM C.JOHNSON, on whose motion the
Hou'e took up the
CENSUS BILL
The pending question was on engrossing t>e
amendments (made on Friday,) and on ordering
the bill to a third reaiing—on which motion the
previous question had hert tofore been ordered.
St me conversation followed, in which Messrs.
WM C JOHNSON and ROOSEVELT parti-
cipated
After which the question was taken by yeas and
najs, (wh'ch had heretofore been ordered,) and
was decided in the affirmative—yess 121, nays 63.
So the amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed And the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing at this time.
And, having been read a third time by the title,
the bill was passed.
A message was received from the President
of the United S ates, by the hands of Robert
Ty er, esq, informing the House that the President
bad approved and signed a bill entitled "An
act to proviJe for the payment of Navy pen-
sions "
Mr. PROFFlTa ked the House to permit him
t->asken e.pUnatun  fun  the chairman of the
Committee ot Ways iret Means, [Mr Fillmore,]
in relation to a tepor., made by that centleman this
m< rn na item the Cinmiuee of Waysand Means.
Mr ANDF,E WS or Kentucky obje^tea
Mr   PROFi" IT i ave notice that t e would here-
after ofier a resolution on the subject.
BANKRUPT LAW
On motion ot Jar BARNARD, the House-again
rts dved it elf into Committee of the Whole on the
sine of ihe Union    (Mr   Tillingfust   of  Rhode
Is'p 11 m the Chair,) en the bill from the Senate to
esi bh^h a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out tne Un ted S atek
Th/ pending question being on the motion of
Mr Gordon of New York to strike out the enact-
m" elati«e or the bill
Mr HOLM I S if Sor-m Carolina, who was en-
tnlf d 11 the fl or, addressed the committee during
thehenr in epposmon to the bill, which hecha-
r>e>en7cd as complex and des'ruc'ive in its na'ure
and as fraught with deep injury to the credit of the
oun i /
Mr. JAMSS of Pennsylvania «poke m favor of
the parage rf the bill. He had not, he sa.d, been
instructed either way on the subj-c>, and, m the ab-
sence oe sue1) instructions, he was bound to m ke
up h s opinion m view of all the lights that sur-
rr unded bim And, so do ng, the result of his re-
flections hid been a resolution to give his vote m
support of ihe measure
Mr SERGEANT then addres>ed the committee
*t great leneth in support of ihe bill
Mr HOYv-ARD of Michigan next obtained the
fl or, and addressed the committee at some length.
He said that hu constituents looked to the passage
