-342
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stdeat wa~ not, by a vote of the Senate y esterdav,
made the \iecidl order at  12 o'clock'(-day, and
if it did not come up as a matter of course?
The CHAIR answered in the affirmative
Mr. BENTON.   Then I move to proceed to the
order of the day
Mr MANGUM said it was necessary to dispo e
of the special order, the hour having prnved for
talcing it up. He therefore moved that the Senate
should proceed to the consideration of the message
of the President, which was agreed to
The Senate than proceeded to tfa order of the
day, which was the reconsideration of ihe bill to
cha'tera Fiscal Bank, together wi'h the Presi-
dent's obj ctions then to
Mr MANGUM moved to postpone th  conside-
ration of the subject until to mor-ow at twelve
o'clock
Mr BENTON called for the teas and pays,
which were ordered
He conceived  the Constitution wa* imperative
He read /rom it the elause tet'ing torth the pro
cee-iings which shall take place 'n the event o a
bill being returned to the Hous  in which it ongi
Baled, without the President's, signature     There is
clearly an imperative ¡"junction tha* wl en the bill
shall have  been returned w th the Prenden -, ob-
jections, those objections shall be entered on the
journal, and the House shall thei proceed to recon-
sider the bill    No language can be plainer    As
soon as the entry on fh* journal can be made, the
reconsideration is to he procede d with   Yesterda",
it was agreed by the vo e of tae Senile t~-at the re-
consideration shculd  proce d at 12 o'clock this
morning—time being allowed to mal e  the en-
rry on the journal    The entry has bien made
it is not proper that any thing should in ervene be-
tween that entry ard the reconsideration   he (Mr
Benton) had felt no6 little surp ise at th   land di -
trihation being la><en up tl is morning, under ire
Circumstances, mmediately after the morning busi-
ness, and durug a bioken hour    It \ as pre per
that the business ol   tne morning hour should go
on the journal, bul a  w  snot proper (hit ail}    t
the general orders of ice  <Uy should rn ed   tie
special order of recon idera ion of th si  1, rt u li-
ed with objections by the Pici l>nc of tie  Uuted
Sta'fs.    It tould not have eneiedmt  hii ima-
gination that it ciuld be   the design to postpene
the reconsideration indefinitely    Yet it was plain
that might be done by thecour e now pursue! by
the majority here     Toere is an an obvi us  vi< U>
turn of the order made yesterday, and then argued
tobe Ihe only constitutional course    N w, h  had
a right to insist on the ssm«  co , titud til jrm<t
pie to-day, thauh-gentle man oppt itc ? e ued U >ir
yesterday    There is not'nrg sjiour th     fin au
thonre ¡he  depar'uie prop os <\ rmi t -> corstm-
tional course laid down so  clear!"     1!~wr  is i
the Constitution on this point aie c^pie s  arl e e-
cisive, they are iiut thiMeconsid°raticn «Wl p><.'
ceed when the objections are enteied on  the jour-
nal   The entry is now completo    The nex( step
ihenm order is the recon-ideraticii   i o hmg eh'
can be m order    It is not left to the eecsion of
yeas and nays, for they are given to the Constitu
tion itseli     J hat m-trume    is paramount, and it
is in this pjrncui?r ímperativ    Ihe   S nat- ran
not go into other basine ^ without a tual disrrg?ra
of the i^onsutut on
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky ol served that, pe,-
sonally and rdividuilly, he had no \ ish for the
postponement, but Senators around hmhalex
pressed such a wish, and he was wdiiig >o a^c de
to their desire As to the question ot tae Senate'
power to postpone, it was impossible to dcubt
The Constitution did say the Sena es«i' old t ioce°d
to consider the President's objections, but it did not
say that the Senate muse recon alti ucii in a
minute, or in ai hour, or in a day D d it direi t
that the Senate must consider he obj '•nous, an!
decide upoi them wuhiiit ~dj"uni*í> ifl Had
the body no discretion? M ght tu y nor facíate
the time ot postponement by ihe reM i/t> in-jr
tance of the measure, and ot the objeo io">s o \ i
Must they act upon it eo mstcnUi1* No  . a'l Tiv
Constitution directed that the Senate sfa-t'i proceed
to consider the objections, and so it mu , but the
roodp and the time, especially the  itip n wW5 u
shall do this, was fln-'js ¡eft to to' s«und di cre-
tion of tne boly itself There was not the smalie t
constittmonal objection to the postponement, and
if gentlemen went to precedents, they would find
that on a forrñer occas'on, to wh'ch he had alluded
yesterday, the Piesident's veto had been received
un the 10 h of July, and it was i,ot considered till
the 13ih, other business having intervened
The yas and nays having been demanded and
takrn, the v tes'ood as follows
YEAS—Messrs Arcner,Bariow Ba'e , Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of Ren'ncky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Heidmo-i, Hun'mgton,
Kei/^tngam Kernels, Mi'le^Morehead, Pbelp ,
Pjr.er, Prentiss, Presto , Rives, Si «mors, Smuh
of Indiana, Si nthard, Tallmidge, White, and
Woodbridge—29
NAYS—-Messrs APen, Benton, Bueb.nan Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cathb'it, Ful on, King,
Lmn, McKoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se
rot, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walk-r Will ams,
Woodjun, Wright, and Yovpg—21
So the Senate resolved to postpone the conside-
ration of the veto on the Bank bill till 12 o'clock
to-morrow
Mr SMITH of Iid'ana then moved to resume
tie consideration of the land bill     For the motion
21, pgainst it 21
So the bill wis laien up
Mr McROBERTS concluded his remarks, cb-
serving that, if the T rntones were included, he
con d «Ot object to the District. His only object
was to do justice to ihe Tern ones
Mr TAPPAN .pokefir soiie time, but being
imm dia ly und r ihe "allery, th-> purp rt cf his
re an s was not chstinetly undergo i 3y u*~ R1-
por *-~
Mr BENTON sial a, it was a general plunder,
h^vpsftr lettugail in He despised tie \th le
systei i, h t if it was to be forced en the,m, Mis ou-
n k ul 1 riot be so sordid as to se«k to increase her
sh-ieby dimimshinzthat oí mheis
Vlr WOODBURY said he rose in consequence
of ? retiark trom the gentb man Iron Mary ard
ihat t eTuntories Iwd not helpeo t > paj lei toe
public lat els as much as the Dis'rici ot C^'urnbi-i.
[t re fV r JVfrrick explained that the D trie
wts t¿ken iiom contiguous Staie^, as ed a% paid
taxes under thp Unffinto the public Treasury ]
Bat, ir, ^aidMi W were not mes oí tue peo-
ple ln i>f 1erntou"s tmig*an s rjini t*e otd Sw es
—bone of ll fir bone rtndjleih if their flebK1
in t .  í. lot \    here, on th s, "s on o hei  occa
I    i      ,)<■'! li-tm    for hnm-in   be   «•-,  and   rot  fe r
I   ' i id, i c ( vih and locks1    Are not we Ioj .irg, m
i  distribution, to the welfare oi the livinf, raiher
n t > dia' malttr? to the mini—th"   oi ¡i   Th"
1   ""le o   tl p Territories' need  clucnim  ps  nuch
• t >o e of t if T>istric   ot   Ce.hu bi i   I i   ■ lit e
t'e   a n you  pi-ovu'e        the   ' ,1     T e   1 st  is
r "ht        g-ifo  a slip re to tl is tt s r c, bJ, it the
samp nm   I go al o 'or a si,v o ev fy rooV in
ts"svi ! rontment wier'-m American he art ' ea  ,
or an Ai er>can eib/cn needs  assistinee  foi ím
proving himiell ind amily by  tCtCnuig   wveih"r
nor,!, literary, or re i tous.
Ihe peop e in the Tern on<=s i<ea thi> ltd—if it
b given to any under this bill—mere thai thes
in1 abi írg tut o'd ^ at-s, er IhisDis nc> la ipsp,
"-<( re \ e% h e\¡s s, ind pnb'ic institub n as 1 fí-
an es for n struction ate itiire ma ured a d .te-
ces íb'e t   a1!
It the fcrrite r =s -up m  nonrge, or «niacrs m
c  r gtea' political fimilj, as s,on e hai'e argued,
tn^n they are  fitt i suoje-ls fm niue..uion—tney
jieed t moie    Ifthey cannci be ti", a ed as S a es,
f o'n  tier  smad   and   sparse   p palation,   and
1 enc-, cat   o    n fortt b* r-^presen'ed i, re,   and
i i ->e o her Bouse,   th y   require,   and   'houid
iic ive, moie   rom i    in snh'tance     Wt  should
1      -to f   at ei   then   as   lib«ral   ^ua diais
vf<    r? joai 1 riere    o   "roiett  them,   and   to
eeur    l em eieiy   posible   advantaee   as   mo
il -   1  accountible lemgs, eonsi tent vith their
-xpo^el  condition.   Tnat veiy condition renders
heoi more destitute than we, of road<s and ca-
nals,  more destitute of  schools  and academies,
trore destitute of churches and public   hospitals
We, to be s"re, grant something to them at times
for ordinary expenses beyond whit we do to the
S ates and henee we have given them no full share
ot the proceeds of the Unds till they become
States But we grant to them usually nothing as
Territories, for several of tho e important objects
before enumerated Ti en wny sh >uld we not ad-
mit them to have at le^st 10 per cent, of tie sales
■within their own limi s, to re'ieve them, and to as-
sist them in these important respect--, as we let the
nevS ates nave 11
The equ ab!e right is as great. Their wants
are greater. The usefulness of it is at lean equal
The law and he Constitution are stronger at d clearer
fo- giits to me Tern ones thin io the State--, be-
cau e the former ->re unde r our aomesuc piotectioa
and 1 gisia'un me re t en the States "We can do
for ti im wh i «t cat nut for the S ates They may
furnis ! us vvi h Presidents and Vice Presidents—
Heads of Departments and Foreign Ministers—
and how irratonal, thea, is it not to see to their
education aid impiovi meni^
But the Pre-iiuent argues m hiá-message that this
distribution is to aid si vera! of the Slates in the
pa) aient of their debt ra her than foi internal
improvements or education Then mo¡4 conspi
cuously is oi'e of th" Territories, Florida, more in
debt and more ¡n need than ta- neediest of the
States
But there is another u?ht in I >e people of the
Territories to our muniDctnet—if any is implied
mth s distribution—not oilv equ,'l, but even beyond
that of many ot 'he S a<e«
AH the 'ai' o be sjld and ihvided within the
1 n, t 11 tne Stites n' 'fern e ríe , a e about two
nun ¡red and t<v<nty filltens of aces Of these
netr sixty e gh -ni'liips are m these il rte Terri-
tories, and the money to be pt d for most ot them
is to tome from tl e sweat of tne b'ow of iheir
own citweris Siiu'd n t ÜV;), i>en, receive a
port on of the pro' teds as wed ct>  he States?
Agwi the l?rid in two of these Tetn ones, Flo-
r da anel Ioí , vías purch->sud by th-1 general funds
in ihe Tr isury, mo t ot them, «hen, are the fruits
of ihe 'ai «r
Those lu-His vete "1 a lnsed more from the
unddng -Til wniktng ela ses,such as are the peo
pie tí lie Tern oi e , thin irom'he nch They
came from high t'uties n the great necessaries of
We, such as sab, mo'?s-es, iron, sugar These,
alone, pay half tí a i our p eserit duties, and these
ait consnn.ed m the Tcuiteries, a^d lercforethe
revenue, freía hero pail t eie as nuchas in the
St ties The ci izens there helped thus to buy the
very lane's ehey till, first from Fiance and Spam,
and rot by ee --ioi   fiom tue other Sates, and
then irom the Geneia! Government, by their own
private hard earn ng and ecoeioui cal -avu g .
Again ihi very noo y *o b  d ^tnbu'ea comes,
r pulí, Ir ri th"i-> Yi,v ar-. obhsed to raise the
hoi smooiiv oí tnis very eistnbulion (ii made)
Ji rr the tar ff, rrd these hately bo'dercrs in the
Territorio 1-elp to pay lot it theic proportion, as
laigtlya i he StKtes, because vou have no sur-
plus to give a«iAy If, then, you give three mil
lion  from land, ■« hen you can now, m any way,
leihz i t over-isteen or seventeen millions with-
out thei , fren du ie«, and vou need twenty mil-
lions tin e^per-ses, you aie obliged to raise from
d ties moie b/ at lei"' the three or foar tmlhois
you giveaway  troot Ian's
Tiese andino íltluti'sgie 1 kewise o be im-
posed cii'etl/ on the ntcessaii?s of life, <uch a 
tea and cofT <-, ana being censumed in tne Terri-
tories s we 1 as the States, the additional tax ísjim-
posedonthefn~.tr, ^rd p id by them as well
ao by ti>  latter 'A'ny tien, let m  repeat the
tnquiiy again, why smnld not tne , as well as the
people oí the new States, or of this District, par-
ticipate in seme port entt tae distnbut on^ Why,
when they nit o ly nail possible ways, contn-
tu' to ii, Mi expose t1 nr uon bocVs, and brave
bieasto bci-wesn y it aid the Ind an 'omahawk and
war whoop en ja fiom cr? Wl^, whsn they
contribute n ghtly to protect your s ur-b-rs, and
daily to secure your fields and vil'agea from ra-
pine, devasunon, aid butchery?
But, say the gentleman on the other side, they
will, ere long, be Sta es, and then they may receive
a share,   Pnt ts ihat to protid? for the presentí
