S48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
However, he (Mr Kino) now saw that the bi I
wa> to be passed, whatever might be tbe honesi
opmion  ot tome of tbe gimieinen opposed, >n id
Vor of the ameLdmeais. lejecUd It was sum<Hhmg
new for ttio.a whose long standing and exoerience
should hive had some weight to be lrciured by
their young friend from Indiana [Mr. Wwr*.] on
their duties, and to be informed oí what was right
and proper for them to do. D d that Se ator mean
to take upon himself any prero„at ve to dietr.ee to
the minority what unas ih ir da y to flo5 1' he
did, he would find that they alte d> itae-v full veil
what was the r duty to the couiuy, to their corsti-
tuent^, and to themseivev, ard th"' hey would act
accordingly
That fcenalor's memory must h \e failed him,
or he wouH hive seen that hj impai itions of de-
lay, thrown out ajyikst the mmon ,, -tere unj 1st
and unfounded Whmthe Batw h 11 wa on its,
way through the Senate, he, ('ir \ - a,) tiding
it was determined to vote down a ! ¿mendments
from his si\e of the chamber, propped to take ths
vote on the final passage at a given hour on a sue
ceedmg day, and with >ut further debate Trie Se-
nator should also have called to mind that his
proposition was rejected by the friends, of
the measure, and the passage of the b 11
was postponed from day to day, because
one horn rabie Senator had gone home, anf
another had to be persuaded to absent himself
Wuh regard to this D sinbution bill, wa* not ihe
Sena e a vare of ih" lac', ih.it one week a¿o, he
(\ir. K ) hod proposed to ihc chairman on Publ c
Lands, and t e was authorized by his political
friends to do -o, to take tue ve te of the engross
ment of tin bill, without further debate, an i ¡he
hinoiable chairman had deebned the proposal n?
Was it not veiy well known that it was not ?ny'
part of the plan of the ¿emit men on the ohersu'e
to hurry it i'irough by it-elf , nd now the Sena or
from Icdiani [VJr- Whit*] c infirais tbo fact, by
openly avowuig ihit it was neci ty it snould
accompany o her m , suns cot mp< r^neous wim
it A n^w impetus wasobtdined f«mthe vete j« t
givpn m a'lothtr branch oí the Catitol, by wi, ch
the Bankru(f bill fro.n this House b«d bstn
passed.
[Here a message was received from the Hou-e
of Representatives, announcing that the Bankrupt
bilí had been passed by that body with two amend-
ments ]
Mr. KING, (in continuance ) That, sir, is the
bill Tu re it is, ¡sir That is the bi'i whicn ¡s to
hurry this Land Dt 'nbu ion oi 1 to Us final p's-
sage without inner amendments or deba e Dü
not the Senator know that yesterday, \di n the
Bankittpt bill was laid on the tab'e b^ a aeci !e t
vote in th> other House, h,e Distr buiwn bill
could not, by any rossibilty then existing, be
passed i'i this Hou e? B it now ti e case ua. alter-
ed. A reconsideration of the vote ot ye^t r'ay
had taken place m the other House, and the
Bankrupt b 11 wps now returned to the Se-
nate for concurrence, after which it wou'd want
but the s gnature of the Executive to bsojme a
law But huw had this ch?nge been so suddenly
br ught aooufi Ho , but by putting on the
screws? Gen'rmen whos^S ates cried aloud for
the relief of a ban1 rupt 'aw, viere io!d the/ could
not have it un' ss tbty v/i uld pay the price—they
must pas the distnouLon bill or they should have
no bankrupt hill O íe past of ¡t oiigam w?s
aheody fulfi''ed the bankruot bi'l wis pa sed
The other p-rt oi tl e I ar^am 13 no 1 to be co^suni
mated, the d si'ibu n n b II can pass nrw vitnout
further de'ay He (W-. King) hid had th  honor
of a seit in this Ciiraotr 'or many years, but
nevei during th t time had he sfen legis'ation so
openly and shimf full/disgraced by a system of
bargain ¿nd ia e This ex'rs se st< n ot Con
gres^ would ne long reme jibbed for tbe open and
undisgu'sed extent tu wh ( b ih s s stem bad been
earned.
A new and chee ing littot hid a piren ly ra sed
the drooping hooes ot the g^ntlerpen oopOsite, and
under this excitement tne r hopes 11 'he grea' pa-
rent measure are revi/ed. He [Mi. King] how.
ever, had full confidence that the President of the
united States would continue to discharge his du-
ty, and if he did—and who ctuld doubt that he
w u'i ?—the gentlemen may nil, iven as soon as
his friend from Missouri piedictea, get the suit of
old cloLies to tan y home w th them
In all the suggestions he (Mr. King) had offered
or a vocated for amending measures brought be-
fore the Serale, he hid been wholly un nfluenced
by partisan v.ews. He had not bim«elf, and he
ei-uld sav with confidence his friends had not, in
any one instance, been actuated by any design of
delating these measures b yond the time neees aiy
f >r the deliberation called tor by the importance ot
the bills brougnt under discussion He had
oppesed the Bankrupt ^ 11 for reasons cand.dly
avo vpd when that measu-e was nnler discussii n
He d d so althoagh his private íeidinsts impe lud
him to go as far as any man in affording reli f to
tle nnf riunate, p ovided it could be done wunrut
irjus'icf and without destroying existing right  of
too sicred a chaiacter to be lightly dispD td of
With regard to this Distribua n bill,  he would
ask what propriety ih°re was in passing it in its
present form'    Was  it not notoriously defective
I and unequal in Us operations, setting as.de the ob-
j jections to the general prmc pie?
I      Here Mi K. at some length demonstra ed the un-
!  equal operation of Ihe bid on several ot ihc States,
1  particu arly instancing thos" ot Alabama and Mis-
| soun.   Qjght there not to b   )omeihing like ju -
¡■ce in the d'stnbution proposeo'?   Ought not tnat
disttibution to be entirely  independent ot piny
' considerations,  or of the effect likely to be pro-
ducen, on particular men or measures?   Ought it
not to be en irtly governed by principles of eqsuy
and equal justice?    The qiKs'ion, nisteal of 1 tuig
hur ltd, < n a b II so irapeifeci and unjust, ought to
be postpo ed until so ue ^ttttr and m^re tqu t bie
plan could be dtvistd fo' making tlis di tribut on,
if it must be mad-    Ti e party now urging it for-
war ! so precipitately, «in find, that Histoid of gam
mg strenth  by this oi'l,  th-ywil pease nobody
.■ni diss it sty th< r  own friends     In tead ot mak-
m  political canital out of it, they will lose politi-
cal   capí al by it.   Tne po.ti 11 ot public  lands
10 be revive , ltj the old 3 aks wi 1 Le  o paltry,
in propoit in to t íeír popula'ion, that they will de-
spisa it     The portion a^sipned to the new S ates
will be so  madtquate to their just expectations,
that those States will feel indtgnint at the mjust ce
offered th^m     Will not the gentlemen on the other
side lose more political capital by their bill than
they potsib'y csn gam''
Tne Oppositti n side of the chamber was charged
with delaying this measure. Would thegentlemen
111 ht r nanus oi their hearts, and say the delay
was occasioned by the Opposition? Would the
S nator from Indiana say i1? He (M* Kisíg)
would a k that Sena or [Mr Smith ot In ¡ana]
I was he prepared to take tne vole on this b M, u-t 1
he h?d heard that the Bankiupt bi 1 had passed the
oti   r H use?
Mr bYiITH of Indiana said, in reply, that, for
his o vil par , 1 e had had ro co «'deration but that
of h s aiiyai caa rrnan of ihe committee, to g"t
tne bi'l ih ough in reasonable time, alliwing for
s'ich amendments on bath s des as the S-nate might
pie se to htld under discn sion.
Mr WALKER rose not to pro'ong the debate
on th" distrtbu'ion b II, but to ask that it mig.it be
I  In i on trie tabl<«, tb?t tne bul to es aolish a gpneral
bank-apt law, which had just been ret  ved  fiom
tl e Hjust, nuglit be taken up, a id ihe amend lent,
wh   ii ma ur i íijortant, m ¿ht oe cmcuired in b/
h-Seiate     II   expíes d  his  aritnt  joy  at l'ie
Passnf e of th   0 11 by this Hou^-,  which  was so
1  itnp i-i msl) der anded as a mesure of great re lef
I 10 a suffering community, which he dvred sh a'd
not be held in  suspense another night, but inat
'hey shoald ¡mTediately take up the -menduient",
an 1 act on them     For this purpos'he moved to
lav tne aisinbu ion mil on th= table
Mr LINN called the yeas and nays on thi« mo-
tion He wiuld gi" e the history of the case They
had delayed the veto message two dajs, and now,
after a lectu-e from their young friend from India-
na, [Mr WHiTt.Jhs'd got upon the distribu ion
bill. Now his friend from Mississippi proposed to
take up the bankrupt bill. Did he suppose it was
to be passed so easily?
Mr  WALKER.   They are but formal amend.
ments, and «ill require no time.
Mr. LINN. They did not know but the
amendments would open the subject to debate
The motion was then carried, and ihus the Dis-
tribution bi 1 laid on the table, by the following
vo«:
YSAS—Messrs Archei, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Henderson, Hunimg'on, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pres-
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, ¡southard, Tall-
madg  Walker, White, and Woodbridsre—26
HAYS—"Vtessts. Alleti, Benton, Buchanan,Cal-
horn, C'av of A'abama Clayton, Cuihbert, Pulton,
Graiam King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Pierce,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright and Yoang—21.
Mr WALKER tn*i moved to proceed to the
c nsiceia 'on of the amendments of the House to
Bankrupt bill     Which was agreed to
The amendments were then read, being merely
to fix as the time for the bill to take effect, the 1st
of tebruary next, ms ead of 1st of November, and
another merely verbal
Mr. BERRIEN briefly explained the propriety
of the amendment.
M>\ BUCHANAN said, from the tone of the
let ers he had íeceived from politiuars differing
with htm, he should advise hk. friend from Mis-
s'sstppi [Mr. Walker] not to be quite so soft as,
nhs eagerness to pass this bill, to agree to this
amendment, postp'mng the time for it to take
effect .0 Februaiy, as it would be repealed
Kioje its iperation commenced, although it
vv„s 1 o* ma e a price of the passage of the dis-
tribuí on b 11. He ielt not a par ic'e of doubt but
there would be a violent attempt to repeal it next
session.
[Mr. Bemtoh Tney will attempt to repeal it in
ten days a ter the commencement c f next session ]
Mr Buchanan. As a party man, he would not
want better capital than this bill to work on. His
great objection to tras bill was, that it would en-
courage the wild spirit of speculation to wh ch they
v/ere exposed, and which in this growing country
ought rather to be restrained. It would have the
effect of driving speculation to the highest madness,
by informing every man, in case he failed to win
the golden pr zp, he might blot out his obligations,
and commence ngam. He was opposed to the
amendment.
Mr WA LKER said when his friend from Penn-
srlvania spoke of his being "soft," hr did not
know whether he referred to his head or heart.
But he wa not soft enough to run the chance of
d t afng tms b 11 by sending it back to tbe House.
The Senatoi's arguments were rather "softer" than
u ual, for if it were to be repealed, in case the
time before its going into operation were extended,
it v.ould be an additional reason why the Senator
should supDort the amendment.
Mr MOREHEAD ¿sked, in case they postponed
the operation of the bill, to give an oppor'umty to
carry the measure to the people, ai d give the Con-
gress a chance to repeal it, if that was "goadisg on
the Senator to maditss " If it were repealed, it
would be because tne f jple willed it, and, if so, he
would ventuie to siy tba' the Whig party would
concur lu it He was glad that tbe amendment
was adopted. It the peop'e of the United States
did not wait a Bankrupt bill, they would, by this
ajitndmei t, hav^ an c ¿poituni y to lepeal it, and
•hey «o./ d go Defoie the people wuh ii, and they
11 iBht come here on i^e 1st Monday in Dece nber
and lnv- an ¡ sue on it, if they wished.
Mr BUGH1NAN said the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr Moreheíd] had misunderstood him.
He haa remarked ihat the operation of a bankrupt
law generally, would have a tendency to goad on
the spirit ot peculation to madness. He had
stated that sho'-e who would "logroll," and vote for
the distribution bill to ga the bankrupt bill, might
be deceived Toe distribution bill went into ope-
ration, and the bankrupt bill was to be postponed
to February, and before that time might be re-
pealed
Mr. CALHOUN did not concur with his friend
from Pennsylvania, that there would be any effort
