352
mild as was consistent with the due securuy of
prooerty, character, and life.
We had, already, after the trial of Judge Feck,
passed new a"ts ef Congress in relation to the
tranquillity of jud cial proceedings We had de-
fined what should constitute contempts, and had
limited their punishment. A similar course seemed
to be required in relation to ihe protection of legis-
lative and executive proceedings from violation and
interruption, to that which had been adopted m re-
spect to the judiciary. Whenever obstructed, the
former annoyed not merely the public aten s, but
obstructed the execution of the recorded will of the
twenty-six States, and the seventeen millions of the
population
But our indignation at any supposed disturbance
of the pubbc qu et, of pub'ic power, and pubic
rights, in and through the public i>gent<=, shoulu
not at any lime lead us ■suddenly into the exercise
of too great sever ty or too unlimited a discretun
Hence, for the safety of the citizen, when ar
raigned, as well as fir the preservation of the puri-
ty and sacredness of the great representative prin-
ciple, in transac'ing the most important public
business through delegat°d agents, I trust this re-
solution will pa«s
Mr MERRICK reiterated his objections to the
resolution. They might request the committee to
report such arneüdments to iheir rn'es, if it Has
deemed necessary, as to protect the Senate in the
exercise of its legislative function', but he object-
ed to send ng the committee beyond the walls of
the Capitol As to the disturbances at the Execu
tive mansion, he had been informed that they on- 1
gmated in a number of persons assembling with
music for the purpose of complimenting the Presi
dent with a serenade for vetoing the Bank bill
While proceeding there, a number of other per-
sons, of contrary sentiment?, jo ned the procession,
and tbe.r expressions of disapprobation eve-pow-
ered ihose of approbation given by the fiends of
the veto.
Mr KING spoke in terms of strong repnbation
of the insult oiff led to the Fxecutive furthecoi-
scientious performance of official duly. Ii the au-
thorities oí the ci'y have not the power to repr ss
these tumul uary assemblages, it should be g ven to
them when the charter of the city came up í r re-
vision, which, he hoped, would not be postponed
beyond the next s. siion. If the au h iritics aln ady
lad the power over this subject, he was so-ry to
say there did not appear to have been a proper ex-
ercise of it Ha i ihe Mayor power to put ('own ,
riots, and arrest t! e no trs, v htn tin y were beloie
h s face? Has he arre ted them? It n I, then the
blame rests upon his head.
Mr PRESTON spoke at coa ldmble length,
and attribi ted ihe disorderly prccred ngs to the in-
efficiency of the police of the city
Mr   KING concurred wuh the Senator i"rom
South Carolina that the tity greatiy needed a more    I
efficient police than  its   impoverished  condtt on   j
would authors-it to maintain, and he was deposed
to assist ihem in this minner    It won d be better,   |
however, in  his opinion,  thu  thi   whole sufjeet
shoii 1 be pos'p nei  unul  the next sessiui, anl,    j
with the con em o  his honoiab'e tuend from New    ,
Hampshire, be «ould  mc ie to postpone bis re,o-    j
lutun also to be next scs ion
Mr WOODBURY said this motion to postpone
to the next session wis f ¡unfed  on ihe admi ted    '
propriety of mq nrv aid Wi latió      S'f t Ir m
giving the go b/ to the measore, i' w a- d slred tha'   (
further tim  m  ht be had *oi c n ideration befoie
action, and íess hasie and more <oomes  prevailed  '|
at that time  than could n  w be expected     A1- ac
ton,   fffic ent ac ioa. of some kind  w<stnen in
tended to be hid, he ^hou d not resis> the d< ay dp-
sired, at a iinu ^o near, as he hoped  to the close of
the pres rit sessi >->
The Ba kr"pt h'l -vas ret urn  d to the Senate
wuh the President's s «ntjie.
The Land Dis nbut on bill was l^n t^ken up,
and a variety of amendments were offered, none of
which, rnwever, weie adopted.
The hoar of twelve having arrived, the Chair
announced the special order of the day—the bill to
incorporate the subscribers to the Fiscal Bank of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United Stat s, with the message of the Presi-
dent refusing his assent thereto
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky cpoke fc about an
hour and a half, condemning ihe cou^e  { the
President, in refa mg his sancuon to t^e bill.
Mr Rl VES replied to Mr. Clay, and vindicated
the Pres dent's course.
Tne deba'e was further part cipa'ed in by
Messrs ARCHER and BERRIEN. [For lie de-
bate, see Appendix ]
The qaeslion was then (at pa t 5 o'c'oc1*) taken
aiew upon the pass,ise of th  B^nk b 11, and de-
c ded by yeas and n iys as fol'ows
YEAS—Messrs Btrrov-, Bites, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choiie, Clay of Kenluecy, Dixon Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker. Mingjrn,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Pren i-s, Pres-
ton Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
mad"p, Wh-te, and Woodbr dge—25
NAYS—Missrs. Allen, \reher, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calnoun, Hay of Alabama, Clavton,
Cuthbert, Pu'ton, King, Linn, McRoberrs, Mou-
ton, ¡V'cholson, Pierce, Rives Spvier, -Anrgeoll,
Tappan, WaUer, Williams, Wooi'bi' ,, Wright
and Youig—24
There not being the constitutional majority of
two third  in favor of the bill, which would be re-
quisite to enntle it to be sent to the House of Re-
presentanves for the like concurrence there, the bill
remains finally rejected.
The Senate then, after an exhausting session of
seven hours, adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thur day, August 19,1P41
The journal if venter Jay hav ng b^en read—
Mr JEREMIAH BROWN rose and staled
that he had voted yesterday in favor of the pas-
si?  oi tne bankrupt Hw, whereas his vote hpd
been 'Go >>dt d is the regante He ask d that the
j urn ti might be to corrtotod as to conlorm to the
f„ct
And ihe jjnrnal vasam"ndfd accordingly
Air. ROOSJh'VSI/F al i in<V an mqui y   in re
la ion to the affirmative vote o'i tt-e pa 'age of the
said bill, the number of yeas and nays,  as an-
nounced by the cltrk, differing from his (Mr   R's)
computation
The list cf yeas and nays not being at he Clerk's
tab'e nothing fuith^r transpired on the subject at
this tim
Mi. BOTTS pi" e ¡'ei"•> top\ of a serie1- of reso-
1 nt ons ic'optf I, h- "i!, -\ a veiy lespeotshle
i c< i ng of ci 17 ns held in B chngham conn'y,
in tn   Su e < f Vira nm, expressive of h r opinion
a  to the cnnstitu nnal ty pr d proprie > of the es-
tablishment < f a National B^nk, anl in favor of
c iher measures adopted at to." pi°spnt -es m of
C ng.e s
Mi B w«s pro- edin  o o^er sqitip observa-
tions on tl e lpsob'ti ns «lei h - was interrupted
by a call to < rder, and aft r som<" -ema>ks by
Messrs PICKENS and BOTTS ire lesolahens
were rrcer ed and I 'd on the lab'e
On leave g vui, n emor als we c pres-n'rd by
the fo lowm  gentlemen, an I weie appropriately
referred-
Mr KING ofOeorga
Mr   unst, „t Vir-ina
Mr  ]R?MN tt Pci    ,|v?.  ii
[Mr. ! Tils u lth- rienior il of Gibr el A3
a*ns and d vr"! ot er citizens of Piitsbir?, m the
C mm • we^itT ot P nrsj ima, p a\i i-> íi r in
ii erease of dunes ot i ipo ed ti^at , wh eh me
r or il ■" as ormnopif Mr I relerred o tl e
Coram teem  % dnnf^rDres ]
<~>n le?T' suen r"r JONES of Virginia pre-
s lit' 'lei' un iss '«i ns <• lop  d hy i >r>'euna; rf
cit zens ii I in 11 W gb < un /, V n m a i \ rc-
s ve of tl e r o unin i s^i nst hp 101 imtionii ty
i f a Bank < <" he Uní d &U < , a>"u ?ss< rim h°
right o! rep al Th  re o,ut!0"« al o ex ress ihs
opi uon of that meeting Siivi-vs' ihe di tnbot r-j of
the proceeds of ihe 'alu o th-1 publ c lat d , and
against the pone-of Con^re*? to la*- taxe , &e for
an; other purports 'ran lo pa/ihe debí  of the United
S ala , ind to orovide for the c >mmon defence and
general welfare thereof.
The resolutions were received and laid on the
tab'e.
Mr PICKENS, on leave, presented certain mp-
moaals from citizens of I hio, asamst ihe con-
stitutionality and expediency of a National Bank.
Mr. CROSS, on leave giv^n, off<;red the follow-
ing resolution, which was adopted-
iltaolvei) Thatihe Seeietary of Wat be directed to comrau
nKate lo this House the numbei of tioopa stationed at Torta
Gibson, Towaon, Smith and Wayne, respe tively, whether the
o final location of the latter fort has not been abandoned and,
if 60 the reasons therelor and whether in his judgment, ihe
militaiy foice uow on that border is sufficient to protect the
en wens of tue Stale of Aikansas against Indian de[ reditions,
and what increase if any will be necessary for that purpose
Mr FILLMORE asted leave to introduce a re-
solutnn direcung the C'erk of this House to pur-
chase, for the use of ihe hall, a map of the several
States and of tne United S ates.
Onjeetf d to
Mr TILLINGHAST, on leave, presented cer-
tan resolutions from the Legislature of Rhode
Island, upon the subject of revenue. Laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
On leave given, Mr. BOTTS, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making
appropriations for the funeral expenses of the late
President of the United otates.
The bill, having  been read twice by the title,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
!   sta e of the Union
Mr. PICKENS hoped that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Botts] would move that the bill, to-
gether with the accompanying accounts and the
correspondence with the Secretary of State, be
printed     It was the U'ual course oí proceeding.
Mr BOTTS had no sort of obj ctn-n, he said, to
the print ng, but he regarded it as a useless expense.
The bill it elf provided that the accounts should be
audi'ed before they were paid.
Mr PICKENS moved the printing of the papers
and documento.
Mr. TURNEY asked the yeas and na}S, which
were oroered, and, being taken, were—yeas 105,
nays 75
S j the motion to print was agreed to.
Mr SNYDER írqu.red of the Speaker if it
wou'd now be in order to call up the joint resolu-
tion heretofore offerel hy him providing for the
fn il adjournment of Congress
Th" SPE 4KER replied that sush a motion would
not now be m order
Mr GARRET DAVIS asked leave to offei a
resolution in rela'ion to the pricet of printing in
th" publ c Deparlrrents
On le/vc Riven, Mi GRVH4M lnriod-iced a
bill m r lat> n to rlicmg 'he S atue of Wasning-
on in the Rotupdo of the Capito', which was read
in o. 
[ The bill authorises the location of the Statue
ip unh part of th  Roiundo as the artist may deem
pel main ntly bet ]
Mr G nijved that the bill have its third read-
ing
Si me discus ion fo lowed, directed to the poitit
of view where tbp ligh* would best strike the
Sume, and in which Messrs ADAMS, GR\-
H\M, MASON of Ohio, BOARDMAN, GIL-
MER, and GUSHING, participated.
¡ far GUSHING hen moved that the bill be
como itt d to the Committee of the Wt ole on the
st? e of the Union, which had change if a bill on
the sjvrjg subject heretofore reported by a gentle-
man front Vrgm i, (Mr   Gilmer.)
Mr STANLY hoped that the mo'ion of h sool-
leigue [Mr Ghaiiam] would prevail Tne gen-
tleman fro a Ma «achusetts (Mr Adams) had spo-
ken of h  comer of the Ro undo. He (Mr S )
hoped th-u the genileman won d move fo - tne ap-
pnmimentofa comrri tee of th-ee ab tr-ictioniots
t j define the posi'ion if the corner oi the Rotundo.
I   [Laugh or ]
j      The motion oí Mr Cishing was then agreed to,
l  and ih" bill   was referre i to the C mmi tee of the
Whole on the Va'e of the Umrn
Mr. RANDOLPH, from the Joint Committee
on Enrolled Bill", report-d that that commi tee had
examined the bill t > establish a uniform system of
oankrup'cy throughout the Um'ed S ates, and
found the tame to be correct The bill then re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.
