CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               355
sage, will go a step farther. The Bank is not the
only question at issue before the country at this
important juncture. There are others of not much
less import; among which the distribution of the reg
venue from the lands, and the tariff, now pending
before the Senate, may be ranked as the most pro-
minent, t trust the President will find it to be his
duty to be found opposed to these, as well as to
that which he has vetoed. If such should be the
fact, my hearty approbation and support shall not
be withheld. It has been my course under every
President, while a member of Congress, to op-
pose measures I disapproved, and support those I
approved. This rule I cannot depart from under
this Administration; but there has been no Presi-
dent whom I would more cheerfully support than
I would the present, if the measures of his Admi-
nistration should be such as to permit it.
I regard (said Mr.  C) all the  measures for
which this session has been called, to constitute
one system, of which each forms an essential part
They all point to one common object, whether in-
tended or not—to build up a great overruling mo-
neyed power, and to reduce the rest of the commu-
nity to seivitude, yes, to the very condition the
great producing classes are reduced  in  Europe.
Thus regarding it, I shall wage interminable war
against the whole, and shall oppose  all  who sup-
port it.    I shall agree to no   compromise, while
liberty is at stake.    If we shall be able to defeat
the system at this session, with the aid of the Exe-
cutive, it would be a great and glorious  deliver-
ance.   I am not certain but that the next best result
for the country would be for our opponents, to car-
ry through <ill the measures which we have been
called here this extra session to pass.   The earlier
the issue is presented to the peop'e  the better,  if
the system is to be adopted.   It would give tnare
time for action, and make a more powerful appeal
to tbe people, and tend more powerfully to iou e
them up to effec'ual resistance.   Go on, then, gen-
tlemen, (addressmg the opposite side,)  consum-
mate all your schemes    Force them  through, as
short as is the time, by your gags and despotic
rules.   Let them go to the people.   There is no
gag on the ballot box.   If the people shall decide
that Tdxes-, Tarif, Debts,  Distribution,  and an
all-powerful Central Bank, are blessings, be it so.
If they are prepared to take chains, it is not in the
power of mortal manto prevent it; but Ijshall not—
cannot—believe  that this free, gallant, and en-
lightened peop'e, are prepared to sink down into
base servitude to an odious moneyed power, till I
have witnessed the realty of the sad spectacle.
Mr. BENTON would avail himself of the occa-
sion, and at the same time make his acknowledg-
ments or the honor done him in the joint address
of the resolutions to himself along with the Sena-
tor from South Carolina to express his satisfaction
that one of tbe hopes expressed m the resolutions
had been accompli he4 The veto message has
come m ' the Bank bill had been vetoed ' Thank-
ful and truly graietul for the good which the mes-
sage contained, he would say to the objectionable
pans, Rest in peace! The time may come when these
may claim attention: For the present, we take Ihe good,
and pass by the bad.
Trie veto message stops the bill! and for that,
said Mr. B I am tnankfal. It is a constitutional
power, given to be exercised, and righteously ex-
ercised on this occasion
I am a friend to the veto power, as given to the
President in our Constitution, it is a salutary
power, intended for the safety of the people, and
always opeiatmg for their safety, by referring the
question to the people themselves, to say whether
it shall become a law or not. The veto establishes
nothing—passesnothmg—enac's nothing—imposes
nothing ! It only stopo the measure until the peo-
ple can themselves act upon it. It is, therefore,
an eminently popular power—like the veto of the
Tribune  of the People among the Romans—and
can only operate for the safety of the people. In
stead of being odious—instead ot being considered
despotic or tyrannical—us exerci>e should always
be hailed by the people as an act favorable to
them, and giving them a chance to act before a
measure is fastened upon them. Those only who
axe getting an advantage over the people—-who are
gaining what they are not entitled to, and who are
afraid of the people—they only are the persons to
whom a veto is a bad thing.
I took no part in the discussion of the veto yes-
terday, but I was fan attentive listener, and was for-
cibly struck with the proofs which came out on
this floor, of the great truth promulgated y >ars
ags, and which every American should wear en-
graved upon his heart—that a National Bank was
an institution of the most deadly hostility to eur form
of Government, and may, some day, upset it. We
had proofs ot this deadly hostility to our "form of
Government'" no less than three times yesterday, in
the speeches of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] in his denunciations of the veto. First, he
gave notice of a new Bank bill, at this session, to
be brought in and passed through, if it can be. This
is a violation of tbe lex parhamentai ia—the parlia-
mentary law—which forbids a second bill of the
same nature tobe brought ia at the. ame ses-
sion, after the rejection of a previous one;
and is, therefore, a refusal to submit to the deci-
sion of the constituted authorities on whom the
passage of laws depend. It is a revolt of the
Bank party against our firm of Government, in
relation to the passing of bills, and an attempt to
overthrow it. The people submit when their bills
are reject-d, the Bank pany retuve to submit! and
mean to keep us here jtml the President is con-
quered, and the veto part of the Constitution ex-
punged and rubbed out. Mr B. here read from
Jefferson's Manual the law of Parliament as he
had laid it down; and said that th" proof wa- com-
plete, that this attemot to bring m a new Bank bill
at this session of Congress, was a revolt of the
Bank patty against our Constitution, and an attack
upon our form of Government.
The next attack on the Constitution, of which I
was witness yesterday, wa^ the suggestion that the
Presiden* should have kept the b'll in his pocket
for ten day , ani  o let the b 11 take effect for de-
fault of returning it. This was a suggestion made,
and was it ever made before? On the contrary,
what was «aid of President Jackson for not return-
ing the Land bill m 1833, and the bill repealing
the specie circular in 1837—bills which only
went to him in the last hours of the expiiing se -
sion of Congress, and when there was no ten days,
and hardly ten hours, for him to consider'' Ty-
rani! despot! violator of tko Constitution1 pocketer
ot bills! such were the epithets lavished upon him!
and that by those who wish President Tyler to
pocket a bill in the midst of a se-sion, when he
had not onl/ ten days, but perhaps forty days, be-
fore the session expires This is unconstitutional.
It is the duty of the President to return the bill,
with his approval or disapproval, in lei days, if
not prtven'ed by the adjournment of Congress la
the two cases of relamed bills by General Jackson,
Congress adjoarned, not only before the ten days
expired, but alnust before they began—in the case
of President T)ler, tbe ten days, and several times
ten, existed He would have vi slated the Con-
stitution if he had not acted, and he is blamed for
acting. He is blamed for net retaining the bill,
and letting the Bank party get its charter in a case
in which the Constitution denied it to them. In
this they show themselves to be the deadly enemy
of our form of Governmen', and endeavoring to
upset it
The next point of this hostility to our form of
Government was in the suggestion, that the Presi-
sident ihould have resigned his place, rather than
pUce a veto on this charter. This is an attaek up-
on that part of our Government wh-ch gives us
a President—makes mm independent in his ac-
tion—and makes it his duty to voto charter bills at
least as much as any othet bil's. To require him
to resign under such circumstances, is to attack
our form of G ivernment m a vital point Resign'
A President to resign, to avoid disappointing a set
of corporator-, who want a charter to not in the
wealth and po ver of the country ' Sir, he was
placed there to arre< such bills as this and to re
quire him to resign to avoid that duiy, is an at-
tempt to destroy so much of the Constitution.
When has a President been required to resign be-
fore? Galled upon in the Senaie to ¿e iga—that
Senate which is to try him, if he should do any
thing that should subject him te be removed from
office? When was this done before? Never! and
it is now done—let the the people remember it—let
them remember that this attack upon tbe Presi-
dent, and attempt to oust him, comes from the
B.mk party—that party, which, in this, as in every
thing else, proves itself to be the deadly enemy of
our form of Government, and incessantly labor-
ing to destoy it.
Mr. B. said these three attempts, all going to
the overthrow of our form of Government, put the
climax pn the conduct of the Bank party for ten
years past Their attempts to influence legislation
by loans to some, claps for others, hisses to others,
and mobs for the President's House, were all so
many attacks upon our form of Government, and
the three propositions of yesterday, cap, crown, and
climax the whole. It is from the Bank party, and
the Bank party only, that all theie attacks upon
our form of Government come. This patty are
always in attendance here, equipped as the occa-
sion may require, to applaud, and pamper, and en-
rich those who give them charters; to insult and
outrage those who stand between them and their
prey. Let the people see, remember, and take it
to their hearts, that all these outrages to the form
oí their Government come from the Bank party!
After some remarks by Mr. Aecher, in reply
to Messrs. Calhoun and Benton, which was en-
tirely inaudible at our desk, the question was
taken on the printing of the proceedings, and
agreed to.
The Land Distribution bill ihen came up as in
committee of the whole, for further amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved to amend the
second section so as to pla.ee the Territories now
organised, or to be organized ^hereafter, on the
same footing as the District of Columbia with re-
gard to the general distribution; but leaving out
the ten per cent His object, he stated, was to
place both the District and the Territories on the
same footing with the States in the general distri-
bution, so that the question might then be taken
whether the District and Territone  shall be left in
or stricken out.
Mr. BENTON observed that this was trenching
upon our thunder. (For his remarks in full, see
Appendix.)
Mr. McROBERT3 said it was identical with the
proposition he had made, with the exception that it
was proposed to insert it two or three words from
the place proposed by him.
Mr. SMITH tlsen, as it was not in order, with-
drew hii amendment.
Mr. WALKER made some inquiry, not dis-
tinctly heard, as to the necessity of a correction m
the clause relative to the payment to Mississippi
and Alabani4 of the two per cent. fond.
The correction was made.
Mr. KING wished to know whether it was the
intention of the committee who framed the bill, that
the gro s proceeds of the public lands, after the im-
mediate expenses of bringing them into market, or
the nett proceeds or íesidue after cost and ex-
penses, should be distributed. As he understood
the section of the bill on this point, the mere ex-
penses of bringing the lands into market, were all
that would be deducted Tne cost of acquisition
fell upon the public Treasury. If it was not in-
tended to make this distribution partly out of the
Treasury and partly out of the public lands, how
will the annuities to fh' Indian tribes be paid when
the proceeds of the lands are distributed? How
were the expenditures m treaties with Indian tribes
for their lands, to be paid? How was the cost of
lands pnrchased from them, and from foreign Go-
vernments, to be reimbursed, if not from the lands
themselves If all these were paid out of the pub-
lic Treasury, were they not yet due by the public
lands to the Treasury. And how canéese lands be
distributed, without also distributing that portion of
.he r«.venu- vested m them? He would propos-e an
amendment m the 2d section and 10th 1 ne, by insert-
in-' a proviso, that the expenses of Indian treaties, an-
nuities and cost of extinguishing Indian claims, be
dedacted frr m the proceeds of the sale ot lands be-
iore there is any distribution. He confessed he
could not have much expectation that this amend-
ment woald prevail-, but he thought it right to give
