íJ3w
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the gentlemen on the other side an opportunity of
showing that they really did not intend to distribute
the public revenue.
The amendment was:
Section 2, line 10, after "States," inser'—annui-
ties, and other charges, payable to Indians on ac-
count of purchases of land; also, the expenses, of
holding treaties with the Indians for the future pur-
chase of lands, and the cost of such purchases
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he should not s?o
into an argument to refute the positions of the Se-
nator from Alabama, [Mr. Kino,] nor should he
to-day attempt to discuss the different propositions
for amendment that might be made by the gentle-
men opposite. As chairman of the committee, he
was almost compelled to cea«e debating any ques
tion, Jot he saw the Land bill was to be opposed
without end, and that amendment after amendment
would be propo«ed by th >se wh© would afterwards
Vote against the 011, whether their amendments
were adopted or not The bill had been now un-
der discussion two wec^s; but if it was longer eon-
tmu d, it would not be his fault He for one, and he
spoke only for himself, had resolved that the vo e
should be taken before the adjournment to-day,
arid he therefore urged the fnenis of th-* measure
to stand by the bill and vote as the a lendments
arose He pressed the necessity of bringing the
matter to a close. He, for one, was ready to meet
the crisis without further debate Th° country
would appreciate the cry of the Senators over the
way, that they weie not to debate the merits of the
bill, white they had the debate almost exclusivel>
left to themselves, and while they were almost con-
tinually on the floor. Theie might be something
in the text, if it were not for the commentary
As to the amendment of the Senator, he (Mr
Smith,) if he were disposed to go into aigument, te't
no doubt that he could meet the pos tions assumed,
to his own satisfaction at least. He might even,
m all kindness, refer the Senator to his own very
able report raids in 1832, as entirely conclusive
against his amendment
Mi. KING explained that report, and showed
that, instead of being an argument against his
amendment,it was directly m support ot it
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that if he riginly under-
stood the declaration of th" Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Smith,] itamounled to th s that farther dis
cussion was to be suppri ssed, by voting do-?n eve-
ry thing by force of niajontieSjjWifhout assingnmg
any reason.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana observe a ihpt what he
did say wa«, that he would nor himselt eater into
discussion.
Mr. CALHOUN certainly understood the S na
tor to mean that, as chairman of the < omm ttee,
his object was io prevent debate, in order ^hat trie
bill might be brought to the vote before the adjourn-
ment to day
Mr SMITH of Indiana saU that, so far as he
was himself concerned, that was his object
Mr CALHOUN th( ught that a most «xtriordi-
nary declaration. As chairman of the c immutee,
the Senator was lookel to by his fne.ius for ih ir
guide, and whatever he did they would r o There
had been no discussion kept up by his i,Mr Cal
hoün's) friends for mere nurpces of delay, they
had, long ago, offered to ake the vote, a .d for that
purpose proposed wi hdrawing ai1 their amend-
ments, but the gentlemen were not readj, they had
to kill time, by taking up one thing alter a¡ or ,er—
the veto messate, amongst the rest—and ti wait
for the passage of the Bankrupt bill before chey
«ould dare to venture on the voie Thi is one oi
the most important amendments offered to fij bi'l
it is no less than a test question, wha t •=. gentle
men do or do not mean, in spite of the r p iiesv>n«,
to distribute the public revenue from t< e custom-
house, which supplies the Treasury N >w, in op-
position to this whole «yuem of dis ribut on, it was
his purpose to be heard, ard he would b> heard as
a matter of right. It the gentlemen wer disposed
to say there shou'd be one or two day  devoted tj
iebate, on ihe general merits of the bil1, after the
amendments h*d been disposed of, he would have
no objection to getting through the amendments
without delay.
Mr- CLAY of Alabama thought it ¡post extra-
ordinary that an opportunity for discussion should
be denied on propositions which the gentlemen op-
posite knew in their own hearts were necessary to
the perfection of their own measure. It certainly
must be because they could not argue against their
own conscientious convictions. Here was a propo-
sition to ascertain the nett proceeds of the public
lauds in the only honest way it could be ascertain-
ed, by deducting the cost of acquisition and subse
quent expenses up to the day cf sale, before a re-
sidue should be set apart for distribution; or, m
other words, to refund to the Treasury the ad-
vances made from the public revenue, before a
balance was stmck for distribution Could the
gentleman say one word without admitting that the
cost of acquisition was advanced by the Treasury,
and, to distribute the landi thus paid for, would be
nothing but distributing the revenue which supplied
the Treasury? Were not these lands paid for by
duties received on merchandise, and should not
their co«;t be refunded before the lands, or their
proceeds, cught t< be distributed? It has been ar-
gued that the public lands had already repaid their
coit of acquisition. This he denied, and woull
prove it from indubitable evidence, w.uch he hap-
pened to have in his drawer
Here Mr Clav produced one of the public do-
cu 'icnts, showing that the public lands are yet
considerably indebted to the Treasury, after
deducting all receipts from them Near the close
of 1839, this balance against the public lands was
upwards of seventeen millions of dollars. The re
turns up to 30th September, 1840, showed sales
tha'year amounting to over three millions, ¿e.
ducting six hundred thousand dollars of exoenses,
ands'i'l leaving the gross balance d le to the Trfa
sury, on th it day, $14,743,000 Now, wasn not
clear that this balance ought to be returned out of
the pK eeeds of the sale of public lands, before any
di tnbuuon should be made, and that, if it was not
returned, the distribution would, in point of fact,
be u sinbutiun to that amount of the custoi t-house
du  *"s rtceivtd frrrevenue'
tfci WRIGHT observed, that the question,
stup ed of all delusion, was, whether money raised
by tasps, ior the economical adrnmi tration of the
General Government, was to le d) tributed lo the
«everjil State , or applied solely to the purpo.es
for which it was authorized to be rpi«cd Tha
t^a gendeman into wKo e hands the present
Administration of the General Government had
fil'en, construed the question in toe se-n^e fa
v rabie to iheir syste-n ot oistribttH n, was evident
font e f?ct that u ey had parsed by the power of
thf ir majtr ties in Congress an pet lo ¡ai e mo
hey to a iarr>e amount by borrowing and ceitir"
« u tional debt, and were goirg to pas  <a other
aci by t^e same means', f rai«e ran ey bj addi-
111" ' taxation on art cies of general crnsumot on,
f r the mere p irpose oí distributing a p^r ion ot
tne pnb'ic revenue. They are so impatient to b r-
row mine/ an i r<" e iax°s, that trey may distri-
1 u e ta'gely, that fh> y cannot even ww to refund
t1-' Treasury what has b°en advanced to acquire
thp public lands If the amendment now offered
is .-d'-p ed, they sav the whole pnncip e of their
bll isdasiro;ed They want the principle to re-
main untouched, tha' they can b rrow moiey, and
raise r ven i?e by i crefs"d taxation for the pur-
po e of purchasing lpnds and distributing 'hem,
andsogoon, taxing and borrowing to distribute,
and distnbuung to cica'e a necessity fjr farther
taxation ardborro -mff.
'Ihe States have to be bribed to wink at taking
money out oí the Treasury, that the people may
be taxed to put it back again into the Treasury,
aid then the States bribed over a;am that ih- peo-
tlem-t"be taxel over ?gain. A i i s0 it is o^o
oi Tte bill has been cunmnily deviled *or thih
operation It goes on to state that the proceeds of
the public lands hall be distributed, and then it
provides nevertheless that certain deduc it ns are
tobefiistmade And what are these deductions?
Why, merely the expense or bringing them into
market The c st of the raw material r  left out,
tne mere expense of survey and e'erk Hire is re-
funltd, and then the balance i* distnbut-d In
other words the money to purchase the lands, or
v-xiioguish the Indian title, w to be taken out of
the Treasury, from the taxes levied on the country,
through its consumption, and then the lands or the
money received for them is to be given to the States,
as if they had not cost a dollar. The chairman
of the committee indeed thinks there may be a
balance due from the Treasury to the public lands.
He forgets, when he says this, that he stated quite
the reverse in tin opening speech At first this
distribution was to last but five years; now it is to
be perpetual, unless this bill was repealed
The Senator from Indiana (Mr. Smith) made a
grand display of the resources offered by this im-
mense fund, the public domain—assuming that
there were yet two thonsand millions of acres to be
disposed of Well, perhaps he was right, but the
Senator forget to state the whole truth, namely,
that only about two hundred millions of acres had
yet been paid for, and that money has to be bor-
rowed, and taxes have to be raised, to pay for
eightee t hundred millions of acres more, before their
proceeds can be distributed But the principle is
established in this bill, and who can tell the extent
of borrowing and taxation which is to be resorted
to to carry out the whole design?
Mr CALHOUN said the amendment proposed
the naked issue, whether this bill is what ltprofesses
to be or not. It professes to be a bill to distribute
the nett pioceeds of the public lands, when the
course of those who advocate it in resisting amend-
ments that will restrict it to that object, shows con-
clusively that it is to be a distribution of the reve-
nue derived from customs. Gentlemen, by their
silence, admit this to be its purpose, and they act
prudently in remaining silent when they can nei-
ther deny nor defend. The bill was false, fraudu-
lent, and deceptive, ,«d he would inform Senators,
if they intended to force it through to-day, they
would have % hard ub ot it.
Mr. SMITH of Iidi^na called t r the question
Mi WOODBURY, Mr. BENTON, Mr CLAY
of Alabama, and Mr ALLEN, respectively ad-
vocated the amendment, with irresistible power of
argument.
And then the question was taken on Us adoption,
by ye-.= and na>;>, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cothbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, Mi Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Rives, Sevier, Siurseon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
liams, Woodburj, Wright, and Young—22
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton Dixon, Evans, Gra-
harx., Huntington, Ker, taangam, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead Phelps, Poite., Prentiss, Simmons,
Smiih of Sndiara Southard, Tallmadge, White,
?nd Wcodb-idse—24.
Mr BENTON offered the following amend-
ment
Be it enacted, Thit his act shad not take effect
for the disinbuti n of any money whatevei under
i s provisions, until the whole of any debt which
may De crea ed under laws passed at the present
session of Congress shall have been paid off.
He wished to see the twel /e million national debt
extinguished before any branch or the public reve-
nue is squaids.ed away m useless presents to the
several Slates And to show the country who
weie in favor o iistribuüng the revenue, while
they weie creating a debt, ne would call lor the
yeas and n<~ys
Mr SMITH of Ir diana said, tr.e same amend-
ment in "ubstance had been already rejeced, but
he would wawe tie point of o.derhe might raise
on that, and hoped the amenament would be voted
down
The question was then taken on the amendment
by veas and nays, and resulted as follows.
YSAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, C=s!houn Cuth-
Kr1, Pulton King, Linr, McRoberts, Mouton,
Nicholson, Pierce, Rives, Sevi r, Tappsn, Wal-
ker, ^Williams, Woodbury, Wnght,and Young
—20
NAYS—Me ^rs ArcHer, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Prrntiss, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, White and Woodbridge
—26
