!Mr. BENTON proposed an amendment  hat the
duration of this act should be limited to five years,
and on this he called for the yeas and nays.
-The question was taken and resulted as fo Jlows:
P         YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun   Clay
I of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Mc
Ji Roberts, Mouton, Pierce, Rives, Sevier, Tampan,
?- Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
§\ Young—19.
'/.        NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
f;     Clay of Keatucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gfra-
:      ham,, Henderson,   Huntington,  Ker,   Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith   of Indiana, Sou-
thard, Tallmadge, White and Woodbridge—26
Mr. McROBERTS moved to strike from the
terlth section, which provided for pre-emptions,
these words:
"No person, who is the proprietor of three hundred ana
twenty acres of land in any State or Territory of the United
States, and no peraon who shall quit or abandon his residence
on his own land, to reside on the public land in the same State
or Territory, shall acquire any right of pre-emption under this
act."
Mr. McRoberts commenced by saying that the
whole bill seemed to be a departure from all for-
mer legislation, and that this provision in regard to
pre-emptions wo jld, if not stricken out, be most
singularly oppressive. The bill pretended to grant
pre emptiOLt'; but, sir, said Mr. McRoberts, it is a
mere pre! nee. As a Western man, he had been
accustomed to look to the practical operations of
laws connected with the publ;e landc.
The bill upon its tace promises a pre-emption
right to the haidy pionter, who makes his way
into the wilderness, and builds a habitation for
himself and family. And after making this pro-
mise, it is filled up with a list of restrictions upon
the right that makes it whedly valueless. Let us
analyse this pre emtion privilege, in older ¡hat the
public may understand the imposition, and appre-
ciate the injustice of its provisions. The bill pur-
ports to grant pre-emptions, and then presents this
list of exceptions.
1st They shall not be allowed, unless the land
shall have been surveyed previous to the settlement
and occupancy. And yet all must know that the
delay in making the public surveys is the fault of
the Government, if fault it can be called, and not
of the party claiming the pre-emption.
2. Lands upon which are situated salines or
mines are excluded, without telling us what sort of
mines. It may, therefore, extend to coal, a.% will
as to other minerals.
And 3J. No person who is the proprietor of
- 320 acres of land in any State or Territory, or
who shall abandon bis residence on his own land
to reside on the public land m the same State or
Territory, thail be entitled to the benefits of the
act.
To show ihs great injustice of this last exception,
let it be remembered that no small portion of the
emigrants to the West lea^e their poor lands,
which tttey cannot sell at fair prices. They retain
the tide of the lands they abandon, in hopes that at
some more favorable period they may obtain
something for them. They seek a home on the
fertile lands of tbe Wes1, acd yet this bill denies
them a pre-emption because tbey have not, and
could not, without a great sacrifice, dispose of the
tracts they have left on this side of ihe All^banies.
Azam, hundreds of men own tracts of land in
the military surveys in the West and Southwest,
but which may bo swamp, or barren bills or sub-
j;ct to inundation; or from locality may be liable
to sick Jess; or it maybe smooth prairie, without
a stick of timber, and which would make it absc-.
lutely impossible for the o-vner to reside upon i:;
land which he could not sell at any price, or at any
thing like what he may have p&:d ior it—yet fucb
an individual is exc laded from a pre-emption un-
der this bill!
These remarks apply to the first part <f the
the provision proposed to be s'ricben rut. The
other part excludes the pre-emption privilege from
those who leave thiir own land to reside on th 
public land.
Sir, said Mr. McR. there may be good reasons
why persons may desire this right of locomotion.
It may be that they have large families, a very
CONGRESSIONAL GfcQBE.
common thing with us in the West, and that they
may be residing on a tract of land too small (say
forty acres) to answer the purposes of a large fa-
mily; or the land they own may be destitute of
timber, or water; or the tract settled upon may
prove to be unhealthy. All these would le good
reasons why any man might desire to remove, and
why duty to himself and his .family would
make it imperative that he should, in the
language of the bill, "qv.it his own land,"
and yet, sir, this bill, the offspring of modern
Whigery, of a party that claims all the talents,
piety, and decency, refuses to a fellowman, thus
situated, the right of pre-emption upon the public
lands ! It seems to me that this is not only unjust,
but oppressive and unjust. Why is the pre-emp-
tive piivilege thus restricted and frittered away?
Does and Senator suppose, that to go on the pub-
lic lands; to seek homes in the wilderness; and to
build houses, and open farms, is a mere mat-
ter, of holyday sport? Do:s any suppo?e
that men well situated on their own lands,
would readily abandon their homes to encoun-
ter the labor and hardships incident to new
and remote settlements? If they do, let mc say
that their opinions are founded in very great er-
ror.
This bill subverts the longr, and enlightened, and
well-settled policy of the "overnment, in granting
pre-emptions for the protection of actual settlers.-
It imposes restrictions that were never before im-
posed, and refuses pre-emptions in cases where
they have always been granted. !t is framed upon
a policy so parsimonious, that as a measure of le-
gislation, it is unworthy of 'he ase in which we
live.
The pre-emption laws from 1812 down to 1840,
have all been departed from, and their spirit vio-
lated by this bill. " We have get into a new aae
since the 4th of Msrch. We are told this is a
Whig measor<«, and that it it a Whig bill. Be it
so. If your inexorable majority refu«e to amend
it by sttiking out the odious provision I have com-
mented upon, the people of the West will under-
stand you.
I should, said Mr. McRoberts, rejoice to see an
enlightened policy adopted now, that you are about
to make a final disposition of the public domain.
What you do now, if this agtarian bill pass, can-
not be easily undone.
Nothing could tend more to elevate ihe charac-
ter of the country in the affections of the people,
than to see her holding out a bbe-al protection and
encouragement to the Wes'ern emigrants—to your
hardy and brave sons who become the pioneers of
tbe wilderness. For ?.1\ the hiah attributes with
which nature has endowed man, a nobler or more
honored race has never lived upon the face of the
earth. The priva'ions incident to such a We, and
which tbey have to encounter, and which result in
the rapid improvement of the country, are worthy
of your sympathies, and demand at your hands a
higher policy t;,an this miserable bill is attempting
to establish.
The question was taken ?nd resulted as follows:
YE4S—Me-srs. Allen. Benton. Calhoun, Clav
of Alabama, CuthVrt, Folton, King, L;vn, Mc-
Roberts, Montón, Pierce, R ves, Sevier, Tappan,
Walker, Williairs, Wocdburv, Wiigh , acd
Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bay r£, Berrien, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum. Mer-
r'ck, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tal) madre,  Whi'e,   and   Wooribudge—26.
Mr. ALLEN offered tbe fo'lowmg amendmer t:
'■That no monev shall he distributed under this act, until
there shall he a surplus in the Treasury, without keeping on
the taxes now levied, nr that may hereafter be levied upoi the
people, in the fr-tm of duties on tea, coffee, salt, and other ne
cessanes of life, nied hy the general hody of the community.'-
Mr. BENTON advocated at some length, a- d
showed the necessity of this amendment, explaining
the injustice of increasinsduties on the prime neces-
saries of life for the purpose of raising revenue
to distribute it under the pretence of distributing
the proreeds of the public lands.
On this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and resulted as follows:
ut
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Pulton, Kins, Linn, McRoberts,
Montón, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Tappan, Walk-
er, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
.K-r, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Rives, Simmons, Smith of In-
diana, Southard, Tallmadge, White and Wood-
bridge—28.
Mr. CALHOUN offered an amendment, the
purport of which was, that the meney already due
by the States, under the deposite act, distributing
the surplus revenue, should be deducted in propor-
tion to the debts of the respective States to the Ge-
neral Government, from their shares of distribu-
tion under this act. Mr. Calhoun argued most
convincingly that there was no understanding at
the time of distributing the revenue that it was
to be considored a grant, not to be refunded to
the General Government. He maintained that there
could not be an easier or more desirable way for the
Slates to set rid of their debt to the General Go-
vernment than that proposed by this amendment.
It would, in the end, be the same to them as if
they were granted so much. He called for the
yeas and nay*
Mr. BENTON observed that it would not only
be an easy way for the Slates to get rid of the
vexed question about their indebtedness fer that
distribution of surplus revenue, but would enable
the General Government to retain twenty-five mil-
lions to fill up some part of the vacuum occasioned
by paying for the public lands about to be distri-
buted.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Cilhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulioi, King, Pierce, Tappan, Wal-
ker, William, Wo;-ibury,and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Grab,am, Henderson, Huntington,,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick,Miller, Morehead, Ph«lps,
Porter, Preuiiss, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard,Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge— 29.
Mr. LINN offered an amendment as a new sec-
tion at ihe end of the bill, as follows:
"And be it further enucted, That this act ehall not take ef-
fect until such of the public defences as are now in a state of
progress, and which it shall be deemed proper to complete,
consisting oi forts, ships, &c. shall be completely finished and
ready for use and action."
On whicn he called for ibe yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calbotm, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts,
Pierre, Sevier, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
aid, Ber.ien, Bmbanan, Choate, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, D'x. n, Evans, Graham, Hender-
son, ' Hunii,.g¡on, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Mil-
ler, Moreheas Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon,Tallmadge,
Whi'e, and Woodbridge—29.
Mr. ARCHER cft\red an amendment, the pur-
port cf which vas not distinctly heard, but it was
understood 10 be that five hundred thousand acres
of land should be set apart to satisfy outstanding
Virginia military c'a;ms.
Mr. CLAY oi Kentucky hoped his friend would
not persevere in ¡his amendment. It would be
encumbcting thiv bill with what had no connection
whatever with it. At the proper time, and as a
s;parate measure, it would receive his (Mr,
Clay's) consideration wilh a sincere desire to deal
¡    Hi. ti'y t%¡,h those claims.                .^
Mr. ARCHER made some renffrks in reply,
but i hey weic in so low a tone of veice that their
purport was not understood in the gallery.
T,-.e amendment was voted down without a di-
vision being caüed for.
Mr. WOODBURY turned the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the inconvenience
that might arise out of the requirements of the
third section in making calculations for the pay-
ments as thetein stated.
