SSg'
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana did not see any diffi.
culty in the matter that would not easily be adjust-
ed by the Treasury Department.
Mr. WOODBURY offered the following to the
tenth section:
"Provided, That the distribution proposedm this act shall
not be made at any time when, m consequence of the passage
of this act, it wilt be, or has been, necessary to borrow money,
or impose duties on any descnpiion ofimpoits higher than
twenty per cent in order to defray promptly all the public ex
penditures "
Mr CALHOUN was very much obliged to the
Senator from New Hampshire for so for valuable
an amendment. It was the very thing required by
the Southern members to test the sincerity of the
gentlemen on the other side, with regard to the
Compromise act. The vote on this would decide
whether they meant to respect that act. He re-
joiced ihat it was in his power to put the quesifcn
to them now
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky observed that they
would by able ta prove their sincerity when the
tariff bill came up.
Mr CALHOUN said now was the time. If this
bill once passed without such an amendment as this,
It would be too late for any safety to be found in
the tanffbill.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky would appeal to the
Senate—to the gentlemen opposite—aot to persist
m this course. This subject had been already ex
hausted If the honorable Senator would only
have patience till the tanffbill came up, he would
find there was no occasion for these doubts. He
(Mr. Clay) would promise that all necessary re-
trenchment and economy of the Government
would be followed up—something had already
been done—much more would be done—but all
conld not be accomplished m the first six months
of the Administration being m power.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that the Senator had
said a good deal about the Administration, but
among its virtues had not alluded to proscription.
Yet what had required more explanation'!
Mr CLAY ot Kentucky, (from his s at ) "We
will talk about that in cooler weather.
Mi. CALHOUN. Some time ago the S na'or
told us the Government would be run aground be
fore the end of the session for want of means, and
now he seems quite impatient to diminish the
means of the Tieasury by an unnecessary m -
tnbutton. It this extra session had lo be called for
any purpose at all, it ought to have been for a re-
vision of the tariff, with a view of preserving the
faith pledged by the compromise act. This revi-
sion should have taken precedence, matead of wast-
ing the session on b lis to raise eighteen millions of
dollars by loans, before the means for redemption
were provided. Had economy and prudenc  been
more m view than expenditure and rais ng
means to meet it, the bono<ur,g #ould not hive
preceded the efforts to retrench and reform. If
there was no intention to violate the compromise
act, by pushing taxation past 20 per cen'. wisj any
opposition to this amendment'
The question was then taken by veas and nays,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Pulton, King, Linn. McRobeits,
Moulon, Nicholson, Pierce, Tappan, Walker, Wil
hams, and Woodbury—15
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard Ber-
reo, Choate, Clay of Kentucky CUyton, Diiron,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, K r,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moreheai, Porter,Pren
tiss, Preston, Rives, Rive , Simrnons, Smith e f
Indiana, Tallniadse, White, and Wuodbndge—26
Mr WOODBURY offered another an endment,
at the end of the 10th section
Proxidfd, That the di tnbutinn propose 1 m this act shil!
not be made at aryr time when, m consequence of the passage
of this act it Willie, ot has1 been necessary to impose 01 in
crease duties fui the ruinóse of upj lyir " the place of the mo
ney to bt di rnbufed and not for the purpose oí laisirgsnoh
revenue as oiherw ise may be nece&saiy to an economical adrai
lustration of the Government
And on this he called for the yeas and nays,
which resulted:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Benton, Ca'houn
Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Preston,
Rtves, Sevier, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury, and Young—21."
NAYS—Messrs. Ba'es, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clay'on, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick Miller,
Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23.
Mr. KING said he would now offer an amend-
ment which would decide whether the compromise
act was or was not to be kept in good faith. The
gentlemen say theie is no intention to disturb that
act Let them prove it now by their vote Mr
King at considerable length argued the question of
right under any creums'ances but those in which
the whole Union would be bound to concur, and
when all oilier sources of revenue, from sales of
public lands and every thing else, tailed, the duty
of 20 per cent, could be exceeded in good faith;
and concluded bj offering an amendment, on which
he demanded the yeas and nays. It was in effect
that this act shall become void wnenever the duties
on any article under ihe tariff law shall exceed 20
per cent
Mr ARCHER made a few remarks, inaudible
in the gallery
Mr CLAY of Alahama showed that without
some such amendment, the compromise act would
be no protection against an increase of du'i s.
Mr. SIMMONS argued at sone length that the
compromise act did not necsssarny imply that the
duties were not to be raised past 20 per cent if le-
qui site.
Mr. BERRIEN approved of the amendment,
and would support it.
Mr. HUNTLSGTON opposed it, and thought
the professions and good intentions of his friends
to k*ep good faith in the matter of the compromise
act, might be depended upon.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana considered it a proposi-
tion to connect the Land bill and the Compromise
bill ttgether, though the one had nothing whatever
to do with the other. He would ask the Senator
from Alabama, if his amendment was adopted,
would he vote for the bill?
Mr. KING Certainly not
Mr SMITH of In nana knew that He knew
it was not to c«rry out the measure, but to defeat
it, tnat gentleman opposite were trying t® fa ten
their 8ra«n()ments on the bill Bu' he would ap-
peal to the fi tends of the measure «ho were from
the South, to trust to the good faith of his side of
the House in relatu n to the compromise act. He
w u d, for one, pledce himself O walch the Ad-
ministration with a v ew of confining it to a rigid
econony ard to present any po«ihle necessity for
encroaching on the compromise act
Mr KING thought the Senatoi's posit on very
stratue, tnat al amendment-, right or wrtng,
were to be rejected, because those who offered
them, wiih 3 sincere desire to render a dangerous
iieasure 'e3s ha-m!rs<,, should ba/e their mirds
made up to vole aganst the measure itself. The
Senator hid d seovertd a universal rule of pct.on
for carrying b,lU thiougb.—anew principle of le-
gislation—for whici h  would no doubt be entitled
to much credit—it least for lis novelty and inge-
nuity, if not for its justice ard rationality. The
S-nator must certainly have a new revelation in
'°g slation Now, if good fauh is to be kept by
being trusted, it can do no harm to provide against
an> possio'e temptation Whv should any doubt
be le,t open when a word or ¡wo can dissippte i?
H?d i) t a strong divpos.tion ken manifested
throu^-Hut ihis se sion to go beyond the Const tu
t on and what w.->s to prevent the sam  par íes
trom at empnr^ to go b-yond 'he law laid do \n in
the compre-n sea cf* He did not want to seta
recurrence of ü ose m UD]eS which had wtlt nigh
disr. "á it n t 'ssolved the Union It was
mi'ci b=  er to s*t al. doubts at rest now thin to
leave any op. in3 that could poss bly ra <e sich
ques'iop  a3a'n
¡VT- BITES would not be dra\.n into anv dis-
cussion r-f the compromise act He did not see
what connection there was bet vecn it and the Dis
tnbut on bill wiia' had the public lands to d >
with it? The compromise act sieaks for itself, it
is its own exposi'or So it is with ihe Distribution
bill. One says such duties only shall be raised <jS
are necessary for an economical administration of
the Government.   What reference at all has that
to the public lands?
Mr. ARCHER was not prepared, for the  sake
of the Distribution bill, to  open  up  the question
which had agitated the whole Union before.    He
could not consent to peril the country for the sake
of this measure.    He considered the amendment
as now shaped indispensable, and would vote for
it.   He was as favorable to the Distribution bill
as any of his friends; but he was not prepared to
do any thing which directly or indirectly was cal-
culated to operate against the  good faith of the
compromise act    To open up that act must inevi-
tably be the result of voting down this amendment.
A renewal of former convulsions will take place,
and when the gentlemen of the South on this floor
shall then be asked how comes it that there is a
recurrence of that agitation—hew it was brought
about that greater duties than those authorized by
the compromise ac*, became necessary—what can
they say but that they were  themselves to blame
for having voted m favor of this Distribution bill
without the protecting clause now offered?   What
can they say but that they had voted away a por-
tion of the public revenue m distribution, and the
increase tax became necessary to supply its place?
They cannot say the necessity arose out of the exi-
gencies of the country when those very exigencies
were produced by the passage of this bill.   To
pass it without this amendment would be the same
means of opening up old sores, and periling the
country in a way that no good man would ever
wish to see again.
Mr. WOODBURY ssid the tendency of the bill
was not only to peril the country, bat to swell the
expenses of the General Government. It is the in-
terest of certain manufacturers to have duties
raised high enough to keep off competition. It is
therefore their interest to have this Distribution bill
passed. It is also their interest to encourage the
extravagant expenditure of the Government; be-
cause the means of that extravagance can alone
be supplied by higher duties. That is bringing
about the very state of 'hings they wart. With-
out going fuitherinto the matter, this alone was
sufficient to show that a fixed limit, such as 20 per
cent, ought t ) be placed beyond dispu'e
Mr SIM V10NS supposed he wasdassed among
tariff men, ut, the truth was, he did not see any
prospect th 11 there would be the shghiest occasion
for new 11 tics But, if there was, he would ask
fhegentle i<i£n who was to p^y t! em' ViTas it not
the peop ■ —tho e of fh° wbol  of the S ales, and
was it n >t the interest of the pecp'e to keep down
duties, ard to keep down the expenditures which
would ■ 1 rier th m necessarj? The people would
look U their own pockets, and not permit either
increa> 1 'r'uties or unnecessary expenditures In
fact, i ms portion of the resources of the Treasu-
ry ¡s 1 sinbuted, will it not impose a necessity of
retren-t ment instead of c eiting any ne"esstty for
mereafd expenditure? The States which the gen-
tleman seemed to think favorable to encroach-
ments on the compromise pet, have as large a
stake tn keeping dovn duties and expenditures as
any other States, because they know very well the
greater part ot the burden wiuld fall on their own
people. They hiv  every roo'ive that tmy one
el e can have to prevent the result so much ieared
by the gentleman opposite.
Mr. BERRIED had come to h s seat in that
chamber with every dispos'ticn to settle 'he vexed
question of distribution. H* had no doub s about
the constitutional rower of Congress to dispose of
the public lands in the manner contemplated But
he had long considered it as a question of time
rather than of coi st.tu íoral difli u ty He was
in favor of postponing the subject to th- general
sesnon of Con ress. But as it w?s now to be
aced upon, he conceived .here cop! 1 be do objec-
tion to caution in doing so Tms amendment was
presented to h¡rn m a form which he could not but
approve, and he n uv felt constrained to say
thit it was not his purpose to vote for the
bill without ih  aai ndment. He certainly could
net support th  distribution pa«t the limitation of
20 per cent, ¿a íes. as lona as there is any possi-
bility of rtn'ies being raised past that, he must con-
cur in every restraint necessary to prevent it.   He
