would vote for the amendment, on the presump-.
tion that it would not, in effect, operate against
the principle of the bill; because he supposed there
would be such an economical administration of the
Government as would render it wholly unnecessa-
ry to raise duties past 20 per cent. But he took
this mode of relieving himself from any doubi on
the subject, ^ret fully agreeing with the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simbjons] that the self-
interest of the consumers would induce them to
discourage either increase ef taxation or the de-
gree of expenditure which would create the neces-
sity for an increase of duties. The amount of du-
ties required mas; mainly be regulated by the ex-
penditure of the General Government. If that is
extravagant, taxation must be extravagant in pro-
portion. If it is economical, the duties cannot be
excessive, if limited to any thing like the wants of
the Government. If, then, it is conceded that all
concur in the general interest, being that taxes
should not be raised past the standard of the com-
promise act, what objection can there possib'y be
to an amendment which merely defines the limit,
and provides against the necessity of passing that
limit? The amendment can do no possible injury,
and gives satisfaction to those who-Hand by the
compromise act, because it dissipates all doubts.
It merely provides that Congress shall decide
whether the neces-ity which may call for an in-
crease of duties past 20 percent.shall be abated,
or the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands be suspended.
Mr. MANGUM would not vote for this amend-
ment in its present form, and he did noiknowih.it
he would in any iorm in which it could be piesemed.
If it was properly understood by  him, it did not
reach the object at which it aimed."   It is presumed !
an increase of duties is contemplated  which will
overreach the limit in the compromise act. Now,
he did not see why  tbat shi uld !?e  presumed; but
to meet the matter at  once—if it should  become
necessary, m the progress  of ihe Government, to
increase the duties, why should that necessity ope-
rate as a repeal of the distribution act?   Would it
not be going quite far enough to  provide  that the
distribution should ce^se daring the continuance
of that  necessity?    He would  vote «against the
amendment because he thouaht it calculated to en-
danger the passage of the bill.    He would say that
he, for one, would not vote for the bill if he thought
it was either to lead to the contraction of a public
debt or to the opening up Ihe  agitaiing question
which wa« set at rest by the compromise act.   But
he believed it would lead to no such result.   It was
his   opinion   that   ihe   great   principle  of   the
compromise act would not be disturbed.   The only
intimations he had heard  of any design to dis-
turb the compromise act had been  from political
agitators.    Heiegarded this distribution billas a
measure of   more   importance   than   the   mere
amount of money involved in it: he  believed the
political influence would be greater than the bene-
fit which the Sla'es would receive  from the mew
money—it would reliev   t! e  whole  Union from
the ceaseless agitation of a vexatious question.   It
would put a matter out of dispute wh>ch  w.'s re-
sorted 10 by all parties', in even- political scramble,
to effect the action ot   Govermii<" t.     Itwilhjot
create any inconvenience, f. r he believed in four
or five years the mciaf of the Government would
far exceed its  wan';.    He >aM  la-t winter, and
was now ready to say as-tin, thai   if 'here '-hould
be a deficit,   growing  out  of   l:>"   *-> traction  of
the revenue from public lauds wt of the Tn-asmy,
he would be in favor oí making up thai deficit by
taxation on articles cf luxi'ty.    Tnis Distribution
bill «as not <.h". measure which be 'bought the gen-
tlemen  opposit"  would  consider  roo* 1 importan*.
There was the tnriff bil. yst ti> com1! up.   Thisb/i
conceiyed was   the great   meaMfp of the session;
and ihe tariff bill  .«hould be f...rnd suffis'ent, and
more than snffifietil to provide   for  the   wants  o1
the General Government, wi.hout trenching on t'.e
compromise act.    Every one knows  '.hat popula-
tion h rapidly increasing, and, consequently, con-
sumption.  I. nvy well be presumed that, in four or
five jears, under  the  operation of the tariff bill,
the income of the Government will, it is to be
feared, be too large.    He frayed God the time
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would never come asain when ihn annual expen-
diture shall reach the amount it was pushed up to
during some years of the late Administration; and
if it does not, the means of the Government will
be ample. If the Whig party be true to its pro-
mises, to itself, and to the country, the time will
never come, during its administration of the af-
fairs of the Government, when the expenditures
shall reach any thing like the income likely to ac-
crue in a few years from the revenue provided for
by the tariff bill.
Mr. PRESTON observed that the whole ques-
tion resolved itself into thi--: the income of the
General Government is sufficient to meet its ex-
penditures, or i  is not.  If it is sufficient under the
limitation of 20  per cent, duty on imports, this
amendment  does not affect the Distribution bill.
If it isnot sufficient, the question then arises, Shall
the General Government increase the duties past
twenty p;r cent, or resume, as a branch of the
general revenue, the proceeds of the sale of public
¡audi?   That is simply the question—shall the sup-
ply required be taken from the sale  of the public
lauds, or from the increased  taxation beyond the
twenty per ceili?    It was very plain, and he was
disposed to meet the question fairly  and  candidly.
He was, therefore, free to confess that he had his
doubts whether, for a few years, the twenty per
cent, would be sufficient to meet the  wants of the
Genera! Government.    It '-hould he recollected lhat
the Governnv nt is m debt—sy, largely in de'oi; and
provision ha. to be made not only  for the annual
expenditures ot the Government,   including  inte-
rest on the debt, but for the extinction of the prin-
cipal, the debt itself.    Here, then, are three things
to absorb the income of Government: the ordinary
expenses,  the  interest  on the  debt, and the debt
itself.   The country is not disposed to withhold
from the General Government the means necessa-
ry for its pr"p: r t-c'iot.; ihe large majority of  both
Houses of Congicsi by which ihe  ¡unification bill
appropriating  two   millions  ¡or   immediate ex-
penditure    on   national    defence   was    passed,
showed    the    disposition    of   the  country   to-
wards    the    General    Government.     Now,   he
could     see   sufficient    in   the   present    attitude
of this country with regard  to its foreign relations,
to satisfy him that the twenty per cent, of duties on
importation will not be enough.    The most rigid
economy may not avert this, although  that should
be  first  tried: but the question will come, at last,
what is to be done to avoid raising the duties psst
twenty per cent.    He should not, then, hesitate a
moment in saving, let  ihe distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of public lands cease, and let lhat
revenue be iirncd into the public Treasury again,
before any increase of duties fast twenty per cent,
is attempted.    With these views, he should cer-
tainly sus'ain the amendmc nt, and he hoped it would
prevail. There would be occasion in the further pro-
gress of this sesiion ¡o adveit to some o'her topics
bearing noon the qtestion of ihe twenty  per cen1.
d«:ie<.  H> di : not concur with sr me of his friends
a- to the ordinal objects of ihe cmp.'o.oi-e ad.
H" had not,  however, the sl'glitc't doubt as to ti e
]e«al   construction of  'he third section      ft 'Jas
not intended   hat wh'-u ¡be v.-auts of the Goveri-
metit should ex.ee:A the rupo!i"s of ihe Tt'ea'.urv
from the twenty nrr cent   duties, the c.U should
be answeifd ¡>v exera'iiu   'hat   p-r  cemage nil
every other foyen of ínceroe should fail t . r-?.!rr,
good ¡he defi-it,     iVo'V the  proceed, of in? ¡ !>*
oí public lands   -,-c¡k a s'urcc oí re1 " a.= well
as   ihe du ios.     If there wvs   a Nati ;n.tl Bank,
would it be  ,uetend:d  lhat   ti.e mwme from it
should not   o mlo the Tier,  .ry ..:>d h'-lp i >   cr.rc
ÜV dene 1    Ii; -ail it gref.'ly at h-an, and tf f 't
rfjoi"cd at I'.-.fe able 'o fay thai >b-  conoín- had
it greatly at h  -rt, thut toe cmrrom;.^   se  .h"y'd
be preserved   :n good í.uth.    '*'ih t'--'^ ;<-d.n^
he approach d his friends and js't'.ed tholr concur-
rence in t'.ie amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN said that on iookmg mo e c'.oee-
lv into the anvedment, h' found it would, in case
the duty was y.ii>ed on any anicle p^s7. twenty
per cent, repeal the whole bill; that was going be-
yond what, in hts opinion, was necessary. He
would suggest the propriety of a modification, call-
359
ing merely for a suspension of the distribution
during the continuance of the excess of duty.
Mr. KING consented to the modification, and
the amendment then read: Section six, line seventh,
after the word "act," "or the rate of duties shall
be so fixed by law on articles of importation, as
shall, after the 20lh day of June, 1842, increase,
said duty beyond 20 per centum ad valorem, the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
provided for by this act shall cease during the ex-
istence of such law, and shall be renewed when-
ever such rate of duty shall be reduced to 20^ per
cent."
Mr. CUTHBERT replied to the arguments of
the Senator from North Carolina, and showed
that the positions he assumed were untenable.
Mr. EVANS looked on this discussion as entire-
ly unnecessary. When is the amendment to take
effect? It looks to alter legislation, and says that
whenever it shall be found necessary to increase
the duties past 20 per cent, it shall take effect.
But how is the attempt to be made to increase
taxation but by an act of legislation? And cannot
the same. Congress that is called upon to make the
attempt, suspend the operation ot the distribution
bill, and turn the income from public lands into
the Treasury to meet the exigency? Suppose the
amendment is now adopted, and in two or three
years the subject of increasing the duties comes
before Congress, will not Congress have the whole
subject up, ihe distribution bill included, and can
it not then aci at once by taking back the whole
proceeds of the public lands? And Congress will
as--ufcd'y do so in preference to raising duties past
20 p«r cent.
Mr. BERRIEN asked why, if this amendment
was so entirely nueaiory, there was suah strenuous
opposition to it? But there was the strongest of
reasons for adopting this amendment—that it was
a condition of the distribution. Without that con-
ditio m express terms, when the whole subject
woul 1 come up before Congress, different sectional
intercuts would be brought to bear against the re-
storation of this source of income to the.general
revenue, and Congress might not then accomplish
the object.
Mr. CUTHBERT would be very glad if he
could feel as iranquil on the subject of public ex-
penditure as the honorable Senator from Maine.
He contended that the preservation of the compro-
mise was not alone a question of pride and good
iVuth, but of individual interest, pervading the
whole community.
The question was then taken on the amendment
as modified, and decided as follow!:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Archer, Benton, Berrien,
Calhoun, City of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton,
Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson,
P erce, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Tappan, Walker,
WiU'ams, and Woodbury—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Bu-
chanan, Chiste, Ciay^ of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans Graham', Huntington, Ker, Man-
gum, Merri.-k, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Premiss, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
S.urge n, Tallmadge, White, Woodbridge, and
Young—27.
Mr. WALKER offered the following amend-
ment:
"And he it further enacted, That there shall he granted to
each of the rtule-. oí Louisiana, Indiana, Mississippi, Illinois,
Al.ih iin.i, Mi-.?.Hin, .Michigan, and Arkansas a quantity of the
public Uixl-j within the limllsot each of said States respective-
ly, which, with thai heietulore ami hereby granted to each of
ji.inl States sha'l be equal to that heretofore granted to the
St ueof Ohio lor the purpose of internal improvement, the
proceeds of which to be applied as follows, namely: in Missis-
sippi and Malunia lowauls the completion of the railways de-
si-jikited in this bill, unilln? the Tennessee river with the Gulf
of Mexico and the Atlanuc with the Mississippi. In Indiana
and Iliinoistov-iidsth^ completion of the canals or railways
now hemnc.msiticti'd in said Slates, unling Lakes Erie and
Mifli'sanwiih the Ohio and ihe Mississippi rivers. In Arkan-
  us' Lojisiain, Missouri and Michigan, towards the construc-
t.inof sui-li '■•: i,„tds and canals as mas.be designated by each
ofa.idS a'esir'spi'dively. said landsWhe selected by the Le-
fi-djiurescfe.icn of the Stales designated in this bill, within
r,iree ve'H  ("«>, ""-' Passage of this act; and similar grama
i'lUll b->' /nd ai« he:-!uy, made to each of the Territories when
they bce'oTie States of the Union, to be selected m the same
manner by the Legislatures thereof."
Mr. BUCHANAN moved an adjournment.
On which the yeas and nays being demanded,
the question was taken, and  resulted—yeas 21,
nays 27.
