CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.________________________S£|
they shall not have an opportunity of giving their
opinions on public measures, because they conceive
it to be their duty to oppose them? Is the acci-
dental circumstance t f a mere mumencal party ma-
jority to silence the voices of nearly half the Stales
of the Union? And what is that majority1? Need that
question be answered. Why should those who
were opposed to this extra session, and to all the
msrsares for which it was convened, be prevented
from exposing to the people the true design of the
whole scheme? Why, but because these mea
sures cannot be carried out, if they are expo-,
sed, and therefore all the information
which could be elicited by discussion, must be with-
held from the people. The resistance of argument
is too powerful, and now resort is had to the phy-
sical power of numerical force Pre«sed and de-
feated on every side, they now cry out lhat the
Opposition has protracted this extra session beyond
the necessary lime. If they have, will not the peo-
ple that the time has been well spent in battling
against these iniquitous measures? Will not the
people see that this very Distribution bill dare not
be brought to the vote till the Bankrupt bill was
passed as part of the bargain? Yes, their famous
bankrupt law, to impose on the sympathies of the
f«w, at the expense of the many, was to pass
through C ngress, b fore the gentlemen dare
bring their Distribution bill to the vo e They
wanted delay themselves; they protracted the ses-
sion, and they will protract it to try for something
belter than their suit of old clothes. If that Bank-
rupt bill had not passed, will any gentleman op-
posite stand up in his place, and deny that this bill
never would be passed this session?
Mr. BENTON, (from his seat) My dear sir,
they will deny it, they will deny any thing
Mr. KING observed m continuation, that since
he had been a Senator, more years than he now
recollected, he had nevar seen any measure pre-
pared in such a manner. It wa¡> prepared with
the view of a cunning spirit, to look to-
wards one quarter, and opera e upen another, and
thus it was brought to bear in a doub'e sense
Mr. TALLMADGE begged to interrupt the Se-
natsr, to ask what was the question before the Se-
nate?
Mr. KING     Why, it is an amendment
Mr. TALLMADGE    The  information is ne-
cessary, as I never would  have  found that cut
from the application of the Senatoi 's remarks.
Mr. KING requested the amendment would be
read for the satisfaction ot the Senator frcmNew
York.
The amendment was read by the Secretary of he
Senate.
Mr. KING. I now hope the Senator is satisfied
that there is a subject before the Chair, and that I
was speaking directly to the point, when he inter-
rupted me.
Mr. TALLMADGE. It may be so; but I did
not know lhat from the gentleman's speech. I
thought it was precisely the speech he made a day
or two since.
Mr. KING. If the Senator from New is so
very precise m his notations of the app ication of
the remarks made by other Senctors, 1 would like
to know from him what app ication the speech of
ihe honoraele Senator 1rom Nor h Carolina had to
the subject before the Senatf ?
Mr. TALLMADGE If the Senator really
wishes me to answer his interrogatory, I will do it.
Mr. KING Certainly, by all means.
Mr. TALLMADGE. Well, the S-nator from
South Carolina interrupted the debate to show 'hat
an adjournment ought to take place, urging lhat
an attempt was mads to stifle deba'e. The Sena-
te r from North Cato'ma got up and answered the
Senator from South Carolina. It was a rep'y to
an appeal. Now, an amendment is proposed to
apportion distnbut Otis according to the census of
any year, and the Senator from Alabama, on this
amendment, discusses the merits of the bankrupt
law, and every other measure that has been under
discussion since the beginning of the se=sl0n
Mr. KING. Does not the Senator from New
York perceive, that when the Senator from North
Carolina charged the Opposition with all the loss of
time   on   these  measures,  it    was   necessary
to refer to them in reply? But to come to the
point. Do the gentlemen wish to go on now at
this hour of the night' If they do, we are pre-
pared, and can ¡stand it as well as they can.
Mr. PRESTON.   Well, sir, if you will give
way, I will make an effort to relieve the Senaie.
Mr. KING «ave way.
Mr. PRESTON observed, lhat he had long
since determined that nothing should induce him
to make an exhibition of physical force in a con -
test of this kind. He would therefore move an
adjournment.
Mr SEVIER observed, that it was well known
the delay of the bill was not occasioned by the Op
position, for he and his friendo had offered to take
the vote upwards of a week back. The opposition
granted time till the opposi e forces were mustered
Now ihe Senator from Connecticut [Mr Smith]
is absent, and will not be back till Monday
Mr MANGUM said there was no intention to
take any advantaga of the absence of the Senator
from Connecticut. If he will be hick by Monchy,
let that day be appointed for the question.
Mr. SEYlERsaid he was expected back by
that day.
Tne question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, which resulted:
YE\S—-Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fulton, Graham, King,
Linn, McRoiierts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Prentiss, Pres'on, Rives, Sevier, Sturgeon, Wa'-
ker, Woodndge, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—24
NAYS—Me^rs. Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Cboate, Dtxon, Ev-ns, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porfr, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Tallmadge, and  Wh.te— 20.
And so the Sena e adjourned at ten minutes past
nine o'clock, p. m after being upward  of eleven
hours in session.
ROU ,E OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 20, 1841.
The journal of yesfrday was read  it vproved.
On leave given, Mr. KENNEDY of Md. from
the Committee on Commerce, to whom iad been
referred the joint resolution frcm the Senate in re-
lat'on to the light-boats now stationed it Sandy
Hook and Baitlett's reef, reported the^. ne with-
out amendment.
And on motion of Mr IC. the resolution wss
read a Ihird time, and passed
Mr GÍLMEU asked leave to present the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the people of the county
of Louisa, m the State of Virginia, expressive of
the sentiments of that meeting—sentiment ,
Mr. G. said, very general'y concurring with his
own particular views Tne resolutions exprés ed
the general ^incurrence of that meetirg m the
views of the Administraron proper at the other
end of the avenu , which differed widely from
the Administration improper at this end of the
avenue.   And, as the q'isstion might aross who—
Mr. G   was here called to order.
Mr STANLY f>dires ing himself to Mr.
Gilmer) asked, by what au horny do \ou soeik
for the Administration at the ether end ol the
avenue?
Mr. GILMER I do not s?e-k for it I
speak for the people of my district, who ap
prove—
Mr. STANLY. Did not I under  and the f ei -
tleman to say that these resolutions expre sed con-
currence in the opinions of the Admimstrat on at
the other end of the avenuei
Mr. GILMER I say th?t thai portion cf the
people of my d strict whom I represent concur in
the views of the Administration proper—[Cnes of
"ay, ay,"]—not the Administration improper at
this end ot the avenue The agree with the Pre-
sident, but not wi'h the dicta'or
The resolutions were then received, and laid on
the table
Mr FILLMORE called for the con ideation cf
the  fortification bill.
Ojection was was made to taking up the bill until
the regular business of the morning hour had been
isposed of.
The SPEAKER then called the committees m
their order for reports?
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, frpm the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
and required to revise and condense the existing laws of Con-
gress regulating the appointment, nunber, duties, and sajarles,
lees and compensations of officers of the customs, with a view
to a diminution of the expenses of the Government, an in-
creased efficiency m the execution of ihe revenue laws, arid
more strict accountability of officers employed m this blanch
of the public service, embracing the revenue cutter seivice,
and the duties and compensation of all peisoBs employed
therein And the secretary of the Treasury is hereby required
to make report on the foregoing matters at the next session of
Congiess
No other reports were made.
CASE OF McLEOD.
The unfinished business ef ihe morning hour
was the following reselution, heretofore offered by
Mr. J  G Flovd-
Rf solved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to inform this House, if not incompatible with the public In-
tel est, whether any officer of the aimy or the Attorney General
of the United states has since ihe 4th ofMarch last, been direct-
ed to ^i«it the tot tie of New York for any purpose connected
with tho imprisonment or trial of Alexander McLeod, and, if
so, to communicate to this House copies of the instructions to,
and íeport of, such officer, md whether by any Executive mea-
sures or correspondence, the British Government has been
given to understand that McLeod will be released or surren
dered
Mr. MORGAN, (who was en'itled to the floor,)
remarking that so long a time had elapsed since he
had been entitl'd to tne floor that hj had almost
forgotten what he intended to say, addressed the
House briefly on the subject of the resolution, and
especially in reply to remarks heretofore made by
his colleague from Otsego, [Mr. Bowne,] in
which he made an attack on Mr, Prentiss, formerly
a representative from that district.
Mr. BARNARD then obtained the floor, but
jieldrdit to
Mr. BOWNE, who observed that his colleagic
[Mr Mobcmn] had Ukcn the opportunity of making
an unw orthy fling at his predecesor [Mr. Prentiss,]
who was not here to ("efend himself. Hiscolleague
amed the question, "Where was his predecessi r
during the three years thi-, subject was lying dor-
mant, while Mr Van Buren was at the head of
the Administration?" The gentleman had given
the answer to suit himself, which was, that he was
with the old Federal leaders down atOrsego. Now,
he would venture the assertion that the only object
his rolleaaue had in using on th.s subject, was not
with ti e vie v of defending Mr. Webster, and the
principles laid down by him in his instructions to
the .It ornev Gerera', but to get up his old and fa.
von e theme, in abuse of his (Mr B't>) predecessor-
And, sir, ¿.aid Mr. B. let me tell yuu and this
Houss the cause of this continued rancor. My
predecessor was once a Fsderalist—he stood high
in their rarfe, as he was a man of talents and
s net integrity, but he became convinced of his er-
ror, and, like an honest man, renounced if. Hence
my colleague, wi'h his Fedeial predilections, never
could forgive him. He h?d commuted the unpar-
donable Mil of abandoning the Federal party, hence
the bi e sw-Iters in the bosom of my colleague and
his a>sociates, and is so ottei thrown out on th s
floor Now, he would say to bi^ col'eague that,
with the Democracy of Otsego—ay, sir, the Demo-
cracy, died m th* woo1—his prelecessor stood as
high as any man in their ranks, as a gentleman of
«■trict honor nnd commanding lalents. It might do
for the old F deralists cf Ciyuga to denounce him,
because he has abandoned them, and p'aeed him-
no If side by *ide wi'h the leading Democrats of the
countrj; but, in ^p"e of all their efforts, he could
not be lowered in the estitna'ion of his party, or of
m n of honor
Nn«, a few words in relation to himself. He
roul 1 say ¡hat be always held one language on this
sublet. He was among the first who took ground
in h s own county in favor of sustaining the rights
of his State, ar>d the honor cf the nationj at all ha-
zards He openly held, from the first, the doctrines
that he now professed, and trusted in God that he
shoul I always profess, and never would desert one
single partide of principle that he beld sacred on
this question. He was free to say that, m all the
measures of the last Administration on this subject,
he did not concur. He thought they should have
taken a more decided course with the arrogant na-
