362                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion that has so frequently encroached upon our
rights. But, while he made this admission, he must
do them the justice to say, that they never were
guilty of surrendering the rights and honor of our
country, upon the insolent threats of a foreign mi-
nister. No, that minister would never have dared
to use the language to Mr. Van Buren's admims
tration that he did to Mr. Webster. He know too
well the men he had to deal with.
Mr. MORGAN said his colleague spoke of his
Federal predecessor as a gentleman of strict honor
and unbending integrity. Now, he did not pretend
to gainsay this, but he would ask if the gentleman
had ever paid that bet of $1,000 that h,-" lost last
fall. [A general chuckling among the Whig mem-
bers ]
Mr BOWNE replied that all he could say was,
that, as he never made any bets himself, he knew
nothing of gambling; transactions. Hn colleague
could not expect him to pry into the private affairs
of others He knew of no transaction such a^ his
colleague had insinuated.
Mr. BARNARD again took the floor, and in'i-
mated his desire to address the Hou e, but suggest-
ed that, as the morning hour was far ad tranced, the
resolution should go over for to-day.
After some conversation, (of which, so great was
(he noise in the Hall, the Reporter cou'd hear no-
thing)—
Mr. BARNARD moved to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until Monday
next.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved the previous
question.
The SPEAKER said that the previous question,
if ordered, would cut off the motion to postpone,
and bring the House to a dutU vote on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. MAXWELL moved to lay th  resolution on
the table.
Mr. HUNT asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were ordered, and, being taken, le-
sulted as follows:
■VEA3—Messrs Landaff W Andrews, S J
Andrews, Baker, Barton, Bird eye, Bl ick, l! >ar 1-
man, Borden, Boils, Bnggs Brousm, Jeremidti
Brown, Burnell, William Butler, Calhoun, W> -
ham B Campbell, Thos J Campbell, C >rnthers,
Childs, Cianston, Garrett Davis, Win. C Dawson,
Deberry, John Fdwards, Thomas P Foster,
Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer, Gojgin, P G Goode,
Gieen,Habersham, Hall, W S Hastings, Henry,
Hudson, James Irvm, W. C Johnson, Isaac D.
Jones, King, Lane, Lawrence, L nn, Mallotv,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, M<ixwe ,
Moon*, Morrow, Nisbet, Owsiey, Lowell, Prof
fit, Ramsey, Benjamin Ran lal, Rayner, Ridg-
way, R dney, fehepperd, Simonton, fmttb,
Sianly, Slrattcn, A H. Stuart, J f. Smait,
Summers, Taliaferro, Toknd, Trumbull, Wal-
Warren, Washington, Thomas W. Williatns,
Lewis Williams, Chris'opher H. Williams, J L.
Williams, WmtMop and A Young—T9
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arnold, Arnng'on,
Aycncg, Babcock, Btnks, Barnard, Seestn, Bid-
lack, Blair,Bowne.Bojd, Biockway, A V Rrown,
Charles Bnisn, Burke, GieenW Caldwell, Pa-
trick C Caldweil, Gary, Chapman, Chittenden,
John C. Clark, Clifford, Clin n, Coles, Cowr-n,
Cravens, Cro«, Cushtng, Daniel, Richard !>
Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig, Fastman, J. C. C-
wards, Everett, Filimote, John G Fioyd, Cías
A.Floyd, Finance Gerry, Wulnm O. Gi d ,
Gordon, Giaham, Greig, Gustine, Harris, Join
Hastings, Hays H Imes, Hopkin-, Hou k, liou-,-
ton, Howard, Hubard, Hunter, Hunt, Irga oil,
Wk, James, Cave Johnson, Jihn W. Jones,
Ceim John P Kennedy Andrew Kennedy, L°wts,
atileneld, Abraham McClellan, Robert IVtcC el-
w, McKay, Warchand, Mathews, Maj nard, Mc-
Jill,Miller, Morgan, Morns, Newhard, Pare en cr,
Payne, Pendleton, P ckens, Piumer, Alexander
Randall, Redina, RigFs, Rogers, Russell Sal on
stall, Sanford, Saunder-, Shaw, Sn3 der, Seen'od,
Sumter, Sweney, Jdhti B Thompson, Richard W
Thompson, Tillmghast, Tom'mson, Tup'eU, Tur-
ney, Van Buren, Watterson Wef'er, Westbrork,
Joseph L. White, James W. Williams, Yorke,
and John Young—in.
So the resolution was not laid on the table
And the question recurring on  the second  for
the previous question—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON withdrew the motion at
the request of
Mr. INGERSOLL, who (scarcely heard) ex-
pressed his desue to offer the following amendment
to the resolution with a view to bring it down to
the present time:
'Andthat the President furthermore communicate to this
House all con impendence between the American and British
Governments 01 their agents, civil and military, not tilt his
time communicated concerning Alexander Mdeods case,
whichmthe Presidents opinion it may not be incompatible
with the public interests to make public
' And that the President likewise communicate all correspon
dence not heretofore communicated and which in his opinion
it may bepifper to publish, concerning the question of the
Maine b«u daiy "
After some conversation, the resolution, by gene-
ral consent, was laid over until Monday next
The lollov ing message , were received from the
Senate by 1he hands of A Djckins  esq  Secretary
In Senate op the L sited States
Augu-tlO 1S4.1
The President of the Unite I Sfates having returned t UV
Señale, on the 16th instant the hill entitle! ' Ai icttmncorpo
rate thp subscribers to thi Fiscal Bank of the Umfed States '
with htsohjections to the sane, the foenate pioceeded to recon
sidei the bill, and
Revolted That the bill do not pass, two thirds of the Senate
not agreeing thereto
Attest                         ASBDRY DICKINS, Secretary
In Slnate of int. United States,
August 20 ISM
Resohed That the Senate concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (s 4) entitled ' An act to
revive and extend the chai tere of certain bank& m the District
of Columbia "
Attest                         ASBUR1 DICKINS, Secretary
To the Secretary of the Senate
I hereby ceitity that I have thisdiy approved and sipnel "An
act to establish aunil irm system of bankruptcy thiou hour the
United States "                                        JOIIIN Ti I! R
On motion of Mr WISE, a memorial pros«nted
yesierdav by him, in relation to the Mexican Con-
vention, was ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution from the Senate (on the
Speaker's table) providing for tbe distribution of
the printed returi s of the 6 h census wao taken up
and read twice.
After mmp cnvirsa* on, the r-solution was re-
ferred to the Commute  on the Ju liciaiy.
FORTIFICATION BILL
The House took up the bill No 8, being a bill
making appropriations for various forttfica'mns., for
ordnance, and for preventing ind suppressing In-
oi in hosii Hies, wl ich had been reported yesterday
fr >m the Commt tee of the Who]" on the State ol
the Umon wi h certain amendments
The question was on the first amendment of lire
Senate wl i h was as f Hows
Phí;  ° o the enniosied bill after line21,insert—
"1st    lot dt f^ns \e wmks \n I barrack«, and píllenle of site
at oi ne-u Detioit  Michigan $30 000"
To which amendment   the Committee of Ways
and Means of ihis Hou e hal reeommene'ed  the
fi Howm  amendment
"\d 3 tlureio the I >'lowing woul
"Foi punh l of site and íoi tm i ic^s and de ensive woiks
at or near l.i til<   IS  wl   ll," 0 0TI
Fmifi vinisit the oj Itt of Ld e Champhm,  md pu
clnsp of sue $-75 0)0
Tot deten ive works bauacks, and olhei  ne(es«arv bud 1
ines  md pmcha e of si e fir a tepol at or neai   he¡unclinn of
theMaitdwaikea^ and Penob&cot rivets, Maine <,2oO*jOj
And the question being put on a"rtemg lo the
amendment of the Comroi'tee of Wajs arid &3>a is
to the am ndment of th  Sena'e—
Mr DAWSON oí Georgia said he was < ppo^ed
to the am-rdment prooo'ed bv the Grmm tee of
Ways and Mews lo the amendment of h" S^-n-He,
for the reason that ¡litre was a bll m ti e table
wh'ch c ivfied 'Lose amend nett's He rita Je the
qu stjoü oí order moer the 50 h rcle.
'vi e 8PS UtER askod Mr Dawson to <  >s gn„te
the bid
Mr DA'A SON. It is a bilí makirg appropna
'i«ns for the purchase oferta c s tes, and f< r other
purposes
Mr MASON of Ohio submitted to the Sfeakfr
that'he p int f order was raised too la'e,'t)a«uiuch
as tbe propon ons had been considered and pas-- d
upon m Ccm>sittce of the Whole on tie s ate ot
the Union.
Mr FILLMORE sail'hat the bill vhichhad
been referred to dtd not contain the same provi-
sions; it did not contain the sam  amount of ap-
propriations, noi was it for the same object There-
fore, as a question of fact, it admitted of no doubt,
even if the objection had been made in time He
hoped that his friend from Georgia [Mr. Dawson]
would let the bill pass.
After a few words from Mr. McKAY,
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order, on
the ground that there wss a manifest discrepancy
between the bill refer ed to and the amendment .
Mr. DAWSON rawd another point of order,   n"
the ground of the expenditures proposed not hav-
ing been previously authorized by law
Ths SPEAKER overruled this point of crder
also.
And the question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment of the Commt'ti e of Ways and Means
to the amendment of the Sepa e—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON atk d the yeas and
nays, which were ordered
Mr. W W. IRWIN proposed to offer an
amendment, appropriating §50 000 for barracks
01 defensive works at Erie, Pennsylvania,
which amendment was ruled out of order at this
time.
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee said that upon a
former occasion, whilst a member of the Military
Committee, he had examined most of the propos -
turns for purcnasmg sites and building new
forts, now presented by the Committee of Ways
and Means, m the r amen Iment to the Senate's
amendment, upon that examination he wa> con-
vinced of the importance of some defensive vrorks
at the points dc i°nited on the Northern frontier,
he was 'tul of the « me opinion, and none was
more anxious than himself to have them made at
the eat lest pern d possible He deemed them of
tnucb more importance than many ot the works
wmeh had been in progress many years. He
thought that a moU tsnfortuna'e lime had been se-
lected for their commencement. The finances of
the country did not jmtify us in eommencjig new
works which would require heavy additional ex-
penditures. We were now borrowing money at in-
terest These new works had better be delpyed until
the revenues of the chuntry  ould pay the money
borrowed, and leave a surplus oeyond the com-
mon expenditure As mportant as these works
undoubtedly are, as much needed as the> ^ere, he
could not feel himself jus lfied in borrowing money
at interest to carry them on. Another reason had
been urged for their pdopiim—the unsetled difficul-
ties between us and great Britain might soon lead
to hostilities, If ihese difficulties should produce
a rupture with that Government, h- presumed that
no one believed that th" proposed new fortifiations
could be prepared in une to answer any valuable
purpose, if ..uch an event wi' 10 tl> soo i to cccur.
lie thought thi money we could spare for such
ohj ct-s had better b" applied to the cctnpletion of
these now nearly fill hed, ?nd to the armament
of t'-ose w' ich lul tten completed The%e ob-
jecstf th inse vts would require more money
than could be cotiveaiently spared.
For reasons not now necessary to examine, the
income oi the G-ivem nent «as greatly below ,ts
expe.iditore. The sources of leverue must be
soon re-examined and re adjus'ed, arid he thought
it vouH be prudent to delay, until ihio was done,
I b°fore a new soutce o' expe iditure vva* created
When the tariff was settled, and the amount of
reven lesund-f-'ood,we -hould then be teter able
to determine hjw much money could be appi ed to
those cbj c,c Thero was an rther r as0n¡ wt,j.
the^e a dit ooil rxp m'ttures s'.ou'd net be made
m the presert year. The report of th-> S Cic a y
of War show-, tí at on *h< fi st of Apn1 last he
had b t little less hw a milhonof dollar en nard,
Eppbepb'' to the peo' c cefencco in th  \ear—a
larger <-um har the annual avenge expenditure
f r nvny years pist Tits s«m was is large, m
his opinion, as cou d he vi'i prop ¡ ty  xp"nded
intheVa'arci ot t tsjetr W U su<-h p sum in
hand, he did not see (he r rp- s] y rrpropne'y <f
8uiho>i/ "tj a mill on <r tuo o1" dollar, moie ex-
pended in the san  tmv Th  annual average
etper'iur> fro-n 1829 to 1840 inclusive, as
shown by th  rej"it A .he Secretary of the Tre?-
sury to the p esprit stasioi Document, No 31,
amount"d to the *jm of §806,407, making the
whole expenditjte for that period ac ually ex-
pended  on fortifications, amount   to the sum of
