CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            36&
#10,397,364. On the first of April, the Secretary
had oq hand as much money, applicable to these
objects, as the annual average expenditure for tha
preceding twelve years. The average expenditure
of those years more than doubled the average of
any former period since the commencement of the
Government. In his opinion the situation of the
country did not require these heavy appropriations,
nor did our finances justify  uch an expenditure.
Notwithstanding these large eipenditures, unusu-
ally large, we hear constantly repeated on this
floor, the neglects of the public defences by the two
preceding Administrations. The dilapidation and
necessary repairs of the fortifications, urged as rea-
sons for the proposed increase of expenditure for
the present year. It was not necessary, nor
should he now enter upon a defence of those Ad-
ministrations; but he must say, (he amount of mo-
ney actually expended, does not look like neglect
on the part of Congress or th  Executive, and if
the ptesent Administration, with an empty Trea-
sury and actually borrowing money, had on hand
as much for th? last nine month? of the present
year, as the preceding Administrations, had ex-
pended, with a full and overflowing Treasury, be
thought there was not much cause ot complaint nor
much reason for a«king heavy additional appro-
priation* for the balance of thp year.
Mr. J. contended if ihese fortifications were m
such a state of dilapidation, and needed so much fur
«pairs, which he did not admit to be true, the
fault must rest, not with Congress or thePieoidjnt,
but with the officers having charge of these public
works; and, if so, it was time that this new Ad-
ministration, instead of asking more money to put
into their hands, had commenced th„ work of re-
formation in that branch of the public serv ce. He
believed that the same officers which had charge
of these public works for years past, are still con-
tinued in that service, and would likely pursue
the same course hereafter which they had hereto-
fore. In the course of ten or twelve years' service
hers,he had so often heard it the dilapidation
and necessary repairs, when appropriations were
desired, that ihese words had ceased to have any
influence on his mind.
Upon reviewing tne appropriations and expendi-
tures for some years past, it appeared to lum that
the more money grantrd for these objects only in-
creased the demand for further supplies, and he
feared there was to be no end to these demands
whilst there was any money in the Treasury, or v\e
had credit to borrow. He had been induced to
think sometimes that the system 01 fortifications
now going on was used as one of the ixiean  of dis-
tributing the public money in certain favored sec
tions of the Union; and if so, he never expected the
system to be completed. He was apprehensive
there was something wrong m the «-y«tem itself.
Mo'e than twenty years ago, tn s sys'em was
adopted unon the recommendation of a board of
officers, of which General Bornard was a member,
and the whole expense to complt'eit was estima-
ted, he understood, by the present Chief Engineer,
to cost seventeen or eigiteen millions of dollars.
After twenty years had elapsed, and an expen-
diture of over sixteen millions of dollars
on the system, we are informed by the
present Secretary of War and the Cli'ef
Engineer, that i t will require a still fur-tner expen-
diture of thirty-five mi'lions to compete tre sys-
tem; and he apprehended that, by the time the
thirty-five milium  were expended, we 4i «Id h .ve
additional estimates for some fifty millions nxre.
He repeated, there must be someth.ng wrorg in the
system itself—rad'ca'ly wrong; and he wa* in-
clined not to go furiher than co npietmg and arm-
l ig the forts now building ard fiwsued, una! some
further examination or review ot the s>s em could
be had by Congress, and until the finances of the
country were so adjusted as n do away the ne-
cessity of borrowing to pay the ordinary exposes.
For these reasons he had voted against me "uri-
nal bill introduced and passed m t'i s House.
For the same reasons he should vote peamst the
amendments of the Senate, as well as the amend-
ments of the Committee of Ways and Means. One
of the amendments of the Senate, which bad been
rejected by the committee of this House, he would
cheerfully vote for, if it could be modified and re-
duced to a reasonable amount. The amendment
to which he alluded, was the appropriation for an
armory on the Western waiers of $75,000. The
amendment proposed to give the President the
sum for the selection and purchase of a site for the
armory. He was not inclined to give that power
to the President. He thought the place should
be selected, and a report to this House, that
we might have an opportunity of judg ng as
as to the propriety of the selection, and whether
we would pay the amount required. He had often
voted for a similar proposition in this House, and
was now anxious to have such a one adopted. As
the amendment now stood, he could not vote for it.
He preferred that Congress should select the pla"e,
and know the price, before the pu chaw: was made.
For present purposes, he supposed (hat five or ten
thousand dollars would be amply sufficitnt. Even
ih s <uai he was confident cou d not be procured
It did not go to that favored section of the Union
for which appropriations were made without stmt.
He could tell th« member from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Irwin,] from many years' experience ou such
•subjects on this floor, that cons'ituted as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means now is, he bad but lit-
tle to expect for that section of (he country west
of the Al'eehames. On the whole Western fron-
tier, where our citizens are mote exposed than in
any other section of the Union, not a dollar, he
believed, was appropriated in this bill, whilst Buf-
falo (the residence of tne chairman ot Ways an i
Means) is to get fifty thoutand dolíais for erect ng
barracks, and purchasing ground around the bar-
racks which they now have; and he presumed it
was designed mainly to purchase the surrounding
grounds tor a more extended di-play ol the troops
stationed there.
The amendments were fanner discussed by
Messrs. TRIPLETT, W. W. IRWIN, PICK-
ENS, and FILLMORE.
[Mr. GOODE ot Onio, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bill', reported that that committee had ex-
amined the bill to revise and extend tor a limited
time the charters of certain banko in the District of
Columbia, and had found the same to be correct.
Whereupon the bill recived tne signature of the
Speaker]
Tne amendments were furthei debated by
¡Viesas. RHETT, TILLINGHA8T, and TOM-
LINSON—
When Mr. HUNT (for the first time, he said,
in his hie, anl prooably for the l?st) moved the
previous question.
And th ie was a second.
And  ihu   mam   question wai   ordered to  be
taken
And ihp mam question (bung first on concnr.inz
in t'ie amendments reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means to the first amendment of the
Senate) was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive : yeas 124, nays 72
So the amendment of the Committee of W.ijS
and Means o the nrst amendment of the Senile
was agreed to.
Tre qjf s ion then recurred on the fo'b wing
amendment of the Senate, wh'ch was p¡rre"d to
'Tor (he construction or imminent of such armed ^teamen
or other ve*selt foi üt-lenicon the Nnnhwe^iein 1 Uei a=i He
President mav think mobt propel, an 1 a m iv he anth l iztd bv
the exiting s ipulauons between tins and tie Bnush Govern
ment, $100,00  '
Thp question then recurred on the following
amenament of the Senate, in which amendment ihe
Committee of Ways and Means of this House had
recommended that the House do not concur
'Tor siiive>s in refeience to the military uefences of the fion
tier, inland and Atlantic, $30 000 '
Mr. iVicKAY asktd the yeas a"d na>s, whirh
were ordered.
And the question was then put xn fie ?ff>'mat ve
form (to wit, Shall the amendment of the Senate be
concu'red m?) and it was decided in ihe negative—
yeas 90, nays 101.
So the amendment of the Senate was not agreed
to.
And the question recurred and wa"? taken on the
follo-ving amendment of the Senate:
'Tor aneaiasresdue for roads tutbors, and rivers, whetepub
lie works and improvements have hitherto been made, and for
the protection of public propertyniow on hand at thesa places,
and for arrearages for surveys and completing maps authorized
by act of March 3,1839, $10 000 "
Which said amendment was agreed to.
And  the question then recurred onagrewngto
tb1  following amendment of the Senate:
"Fni defraying the expenses of selecting and purchasing a
sue fora Western, Southwestern or Northwestern armory,to
be selected by the President of the United States, the sum ot
$75,000 "
Mr. W. W. IRWIN asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana asked the unani-
mous consent of the House at this time to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the Senate, (with-
rut which, he said, he hoped no member from the
West would vote for the latter )
Objected 10.
And the question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 115.
So the amendment of the Senate was not agreed to.
[■Mr. GOODE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bt!l«, reported that the committee had examined
the joint resolution in relation to the light-beats
now stationed at Sandy Hook and Bartlett's Reef,
and had found the same to be correct. And the
resolution received the signature of the Speaker.]
The question recurring on ordering the amend-
ments ot the Senate, as amended by this House, te
be engrosspd—
Mr CAVE JOHNSON desired to offer an
amendment.
Tne SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous convent.
Mr. J then asked the unanimous eonsent of the
House to offer an amendment appropriating the
sum t f §5 0ÜU to defray the expanses of se ecttng
a suitab e site lor an armory on the Western wa-
tt rs—report to be made thereon to the next session
of Congress.
Objections were made.
And the question again recurring on ordering
the amendments ot the Senate, as amended by the
Hou^e, to be engrossed—
Mi. W. W. IRWIN moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the first amendment of Jhe
Committee of Ways and Means had been agreed
to.
Mr. FILLMORE sus-gested to the Speaker that,
to aUain his end, the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr Irwin] must eo one vote further back,
and move to reconsider tbe vote on the first
amendment of the Senate as amended.
The SPEAKER having so decided-
Mr IR.WIN moved to reconsider the vote on the
first amendment of ihe Senate as amended.
On which motion Mr I. demanded the previous
question.    And there was a second.
And the main question (being on the reconside-
raron) was oidered to be taken.
Mr BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
weie ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 74,
nats 119
So the vote was not reconsidered.
And th  ami-ijdmen's, as amended, were ordered
lo be eng'os.ed and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
FISCAL CORPORATION.
On motion of Mr. üERTrEANT, the House re-
solved rse'fiito C immittee of th  Whole on the
s ale of thf Un,on, (Mr Dawson, of Georgia, in
the ch, ir)
On m>n i of Mr. S the committee took up
House bill No. 14, bsn g a bill reponed from tbe
£e ft i Commmee appointed by tht-i ilouse on tbe
subject of ihecuireruy, enii led "A bill to incorpo-
rate the subscribers to the Fiscal Bank of the United
S a>c "
Mr SERGEANT said that he would state to
the commitiec what he mean to*ropose to them.
The commi'tee would undoubtedly recollect thenar
ture of the bill whieh had been reported by the
Committee on the Currency some considerable
time ago, and which i as numbered "fourteen."
His lo'eniion was now to move to amend the bill
by stnkmg out 111 after the enacting clause, and in-
sert  g what he would send to ihe Chair. His in-
tention, further, was lo ask, upon this mition be-
ing made, and certain amendments which he in-
tended to propose being presented to the commit-
tee, that the committee should rise, m order that
he might, in the House, move the printing of those
