366
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
revenue, to be made in the teeih of the express
prohibition in the act, that no duty, after Jane,
1842, shall exceed twenty per eent. Whether for
revenue, protection, or retaliation, an increased
impost is allowed with impunity by that amend-
ment, if other anieles were kept lower than twenty
per cent, so that on an average the whole duties
will not go beyond that rate. This would be a
most deligotful condition of things for the privi-
leged class of manufacturers. It is for them,
rather than the agriculturists, who constitute the
great portion of the citizens of the State I help to
represent—it is for the former c'as«, and they
alone, for whom almost our whole tariff legislation
has for years been devoted. Every thing, also,
now and hereafter, seems destined to bsnd to their
aggrandizement.
Thus by the original amendment, you may at
this very session push protection on the cottons,
woollens, and iron, to even fifty per cent if you
take care on the raw materials, which enter into
manufactures, or even on luxuries, to impose little
or no duty. Because, then, the whole average du-
ties oa all the imports, might not exceed twenty
per cent. Thus, if you go down, it is with what
benefits the manufacturer ; and if you go up, it is
with what benefits them. Both piocesses work for
them, and both against consumers. Wh*t would
the compromise, so constiued, be worth to the
latter t
This is not imagination, sir. It is solemn reah
ty in the present lariff, as well as in the principle
of the proposed one, which has passed the other
House.
Thus, under the existing tariff, duties have been
kept high, much above twenty per cent on most
of the pro ected articles, such as iron and woollens,
till the latest moment, while most ot the luxu-
ries, the silks, were, long ago, some madetree, and
some at only ten per cent, the wines, put much be-
low twenty per cent and a large number of arti-
cles used in various manufactures, made entirely
free. Again, the great consumers ot sugar, salt,
and molasses, get little rebel till the last six months,
and after that, are to bs kept up to the highest tax
allowed on any thing, but the weírers ot wlks, and
the drinkers ot wme, and ihe manufactures of wool
and leaiher, obtained relief years ago, and largely,
by an immediate exemption from all duty on seve-
ral articles, in several cases, and trom a high one,
in most other cases, important to their interests.
The operation of the tariff in these respects, pro-
posed at this very session, is also similar in its p >-
Iicy. So far from introducing any relief to the
agriculturists, by the twelve or fourteen millions
worth of articles left free or ata low duty, n keeps
up the highest impost on the iron wh ch aids to
plough every acrt,—the highest on the salt ol every
table—thehightsi on the su*'<ir a>id molas es used
daily by the poorest—md, as if not content wi li
the*.e unequal burdens, imposes ntw and gn-at
taxes also on the tea and coffee of every lo¿
cabin, as well as every palace in the land.
But, while doing this, what does it leave fret?
Hides to ih° extent of two millions imports a Year,
so as to aid the leather manufacturers at the ex-
pense of the farmer*, whose herds ot cattle cover
every hill side. 1 admit, sir, the manufacturers of
leather, m some few States, eiciedmvjlu- all
their extt n ive cottons or v oollens, iron or fishe-
ries. Their owners are an important and a men'o-
rious class, but what are trey in impoitance or
numbers, iO the agriculturists, who exist so
abundauily in every State ot the Uuio i. Yet the
former are directly and indirectly to be pto ected
by leaving hi íes fiee, while the lormer is to bs
unprotected, and much that he raises left open to
be cheapen* i to the ¡o ttst prices possible, and all
that he consumes heavily and extensively, to be
taxed as high asthe greatest luxury
His coarse wools are treated in ¡be same min-
ner m tbe pr ¡posed tariff. A first prou cted by the
project ol the Secretary tí t.ie Tieasurj, ih>>y
weie obliged at hst to kick'he b*am at the com-
mand or influence of the manufacturer'; and
immense quantities of them undervalued, and
really competing with great portions of what is
raised in this country, are yearly to be introduced
free, at the virtual expense oí the neglected far-
mer, and for the  benefits of the favored manu-
fac urer.
I pass over several other art cles, such as flax-
seed, made free also But, among the other boast-
ed articles left free under ihe proposed system,
several beside these are made so exclusively for
the advantage of the manufacturer. Such are die
woods and chemical dies'1 of various descriptions.
Not con'ent with high duties for his anl alone,
many of the low¿ ones, and the free articles, are
made so also for his aid
Without going into a further analysis of this
topic at the present moment, he is to be aided
still further at the expense of the consumer, by
having not only a nominal protection of twenty
per cent, on manufactured articles, competing
with his industry, but a home valuation of ths fo-
reign article, thus virtually raising the duty from
20 to even 25 or 30 per cent, according to the
views of some of the frienes of the measure This
leal addition to 25 or'30 per cent under the new
system, which will be m lorce in 1842, has got to
be paid by the consumer on the greatest necessaries
of life, though so aced with the delusive hope that
the highest duty he is paying will be only 20 per
cent.
Finally, sir, the manufacturer gets a protection
stnl beyond all this, and equal, as be calculates, to
8 to 10 ptr cent, m >re by the casa dunes that will
then be exacted, instead of credits. This he gets,
too, from the consumer, and puts in his own
pocket, without a dollar of it going directly, as in
ihe home valuation, into the public Treasury, and
adding something in that way to the public reve-
nue. Some benefit may be obtained by the Go-
vernment in security against losses by toe failure
of indebted merchants urder the credit system, but
not a dollar in revenue, eo nomine, though the ag i-
cultuial consumer will be obliged to pay 8 or 10
per cent, more, for ths benefit of the manufactu-
rer, so highly otherwise privileged.
It will thus be seen, whether we look to the ex-
isting tariff, or to the proposed one, to the amend
ment offered by the Senator from Georg a, [Mr
C^rrikn,] or to the limita'ion oí it contemplated
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rivfs ] that if
he admits any exception, the agriculturist and the
consumei will be constantly sacrificed to the ma
nufac urer; and this just as much when duties are
lowered, it only on his raw material, as when they
are raised on his rival manufactured article. It
will further be seen that the ttndency, if not the
object, cl every change in our tariff legislation is,
either open or covert, to tax heavier the censumer
and the middl ing classes—the great masses, whose
wan s should be as cheaply supplied as possible—
and to augment still more the privileges of the pri-
vileged and the gams of the- rich. How much
more will this be the case if we vote for the origi-
nal amen Iment? I conjuir, then, the plantirg and
farmaig interest, to rouse from their fal<e security,
now or n-vei is tbetr rescue If they do not make
a stand in a case 1 kc Has, it will be vain to at-
tempt ii oa any future occas on.
Alter s< me «urthct remarks by Messrs. RIVES,
RING, and BERRIEN, the latter declined accept-
ing the modification.
Mr RIVES then submitted his proposition as
an amendment to that offered by the Senator from
Georgia
Mr CALHOUN asked that the amendment, as
pioposed to b8 amended by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, might be read.
Tnf Secretary read the amendment in the fol-
lowing words.
' P omiied, aho, That if a hisl-rer duty than 20 per cent as
establishe ¡by tht* act ot the 2d March ls3,i shall bt> laid on
anytiuUu o be levied afie i thf aOhofTunc 1812 thedlstllbu
Hon of the t rtceeds rf the pubhc lands provided lor by tlm act
shall cease during the existence of sur h rate of d ay, and shall
be renewed wheoevu suchiateol duty shall be reluced to 20
percent unless r rohlbiccübv theolher provision uf Irtis act J
Toe question was them taken on the amendment
of Mr Rives, and it was negatived—aye^ 20,
noe-, 24, as follows
Y LAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fuiton, Hender on, King,
Lmn, McRobens, Mouton, Preston, Rive*, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walner, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbndge—24.
Mr. RIVES then declared his intention of voting
against the amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN said the principle of average .
du íes was a new interpretation of the compromise
act.
Mr BENTON rose to say that the day when
the Distribution bill parses, the compromise dies.
Mr. WALKER, would be glad to have been
able to have voted for this amendment, but the
rejection of the amendment of the Senator from.
Virginia, in his opinion, made it wor e than useless
m keeping up the appearance of a restriction,
while in fact there was no restriction at all. He
should, therefore, vote against the amendment.
The question then recurring on the amendmeat
of Mr Berrien,
Mr. MOREHEAD moved an adjournment.
[Much laughter, and cries of "Oh, oh' another
caucus necessary."]
The yeas and nays were called for, and the ad-
journment carried—ayes 25, noes 14.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 21, 1841.
The  journal  of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The unfiais'ied business of yesteiday was the
motun made by Mr Bronson of Maine, to recon-
sider the vo e by which the accounts for the funeral
expenses ot tip la'e President of the United States,
Gen. Wm Henry Harrison, had been ordered to
be printed
Tne immediately pending question was on
the demand of Mr. Stanly lor the previous ques-
tion.
Mr STANLY -withdrew that motion.
And Mr BRONSON, after an explanation from
himself and Mr. BOTIS, withdrew his laotion to
reconsider.
FISCAL CORPORATION.
Mr. SERGEANT offered the foliow.ng resolu-
tion
Resolved That at 4 o'clock this day all debate in Committee
of the Whole on the bill (No 14) to incorporate the subscribers
to the Frscal liank of the United States" shall cease, and the
committee shall then proceed to vote on the amendments then
j ending on that may be offered to said bill, and the same shall
then be reported to the House with such amendments as may
have been agreed to by the committee Provided, That no
thing m this resolution shall prevent the committee from
reporting Iht. brll to the House at an earlier hour if it shall
think fit
And Mr. S. moved the previous question.
Mr ROOSEVELT moved to amend ihe reso-
lution by striking out "4 o'clock" and inserting "m-
stan'cr," remarking that they might as well have
no time for discussion as the time designated in the
resolution.
Mr MORGAN hoped the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sergeant] would accept the amend-
ment as a modification ot his resolution, inasmuch
as the Opposition seemed so anxious to take the
question.
The SPEAKER said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] was not
in order, the previous question having been called.
Mr CLIFFORD of Maine asked if it was in
order for a member to move the previous question
upon a resolution whica he held in his hand, be-
fore it had been communicated to the House.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution was
in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr EVERETT and Mr BÍDLACK moved,
simultaneously, a call of ihe House, which was
ordered
And the roll having been called, 159 members
answered to their names
And the names of the absentees having been
called, 190 members appeared to be present.
Oa motion or Mr. EVERETT, all further pro-
ceedings on the call were dispensed with.
And the question recurring on laying the resolu-
tion on the table—
