CONGRESSIONAL &L.OBE.
~                                   .....                          -■-                 ..........                         '                           ■    ■             '          =sfe*
BY BLAIR & RIVES.______________________--------WEEKLY---------____________50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION
27th Cong..........1st Sess.                           MONDAY,   AUGUST 30, 1841.                              Volume 10........„.No. 24.
Contimtt d from JVo 23
the Treasury to be empty! The reason of all this
is apparent. It is to create a deficiency to justify
the loan bills, and tax bills, and to keep up a pre-
text for this wan'on and wicked session of Con-
gress. It these eight and a half millions of new
lands had been brought into market by advertise-
ments put out m the mouths ot March, Apnl,
May, &c. two or thiee millions of dollars would
be received, or receiving from them, for the new
lands, always sell rapidly until the best pans are
disposed of: after that, the sales are --low, and wi'l
beso, until gtaduated prices are introduced. It
would be seen fiom this ti at the new Siates were
sold to new masters, who m°ant to use them for
their own benefit, regardless of what is du  to the
country, and the planting States would see that all
the burdens of G vernment are to be p'aced on the
custom-hou e. He denounced the withhold ng of
these eight and a half millions of surveyed la'id
from market, as a fraud to produce an amine al
deficit, and   lo s¿veil the fund for distribution
Mr S vlITH of Indiana said he had not exa-
mined the document, but apprehended that n would
not justify the inferences the Stnatoi wished to
draw from it.
The communication was then laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial f*om
citizens of Philadelphia engaged in manufaciurirg,
asking that chloride of lime a id b'eaching powders
may be excluded from the articles exe npted from
duty. Mr. B said that the memorial gave leasons
at length Why those articles should be exempted,
and he herefore ~H><'ed to have it printed for the
Use of the Senate, wh ch motion wfs pgieed to
A1„S), another memorial m lelaticn to the same
subject, which he1 would move io be laid on the
table.
Mr. MANGUM, from ihe Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the bill from the House making
appropriations tor the purchase of naval ordnance
and naval stores, without amendment, and movpd
that it be order fur Wednesday next, which motion
wa> agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, the joint resolu-
tion for the purchase of water-rot ed hemp for the
u*e of the navy of the Unitel States.
This resolution was t, ken up in committee of
the whole, and, after hrvina been diseu-, ed  ■
Mes,rs. BENTON, MiNGCJ'a, PRE3T0N.
BUCHANA Í, CALHOUN, and WOODBURY,
its further consideraron was postponed until to-
morrow
The joint resolutim submitted by Mr. Tappan
in relation to the adjournment ot Congress on
Monday, the 31 h Augrst,   "/as 'akon up, when
Mr MANGUVÍ moved to layitonihe table
The ques ion having bi«n uU^n by v-as and najs,
it was decided ¡n h' affirma wl a--folio v«
YEAS—Me  rs lun r, Barow,Bo is, Bdy.trd,
Bernen, Choa P, Ciay of Kentucky, ClsMc i, Dix-
on, Evans, Giahin, H^nd^rson, Hunung'on,
Ker, Mangum, SS rrick, Miller, Moreheid,
Phelps, Porhr, Prentiss, Piesto>, Rues, Sim-
mons, Smith ot In liana, Sou hard, T^llmauge
and Wmte—28
NAYS—"VSessrs Allen, Benton, Bacrnnan,
Cilhoun, Cla# oi Alabama, Cuhbat, Fulton,
King, Linn.McRoberts, M juion, Nicholson Pierce
Sevier, Sturgeon, Tapjpan, Walker, Wiiiiam*,
Woodbury, Wright, and Youn<*—2i
Mr. RIVES said he b?d gnen notice on Fuday i
of his intention to have movd to go into Execu-
session on Saturday, but he bal faiLd to do so on
account of the Ljinl bill Tnere was «orne íra-
por ant business to be acted on, anl he would tien
mo ¿e that they procee l to the onsidcrdtion of Exe
cutive business
The question was taken by yeas and navs, am
deciled in ihe negative as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.   Aile-n,   Archer, B¿nton,  Bu
chañan,  Calhoun,  Clav of   Alabama, Outhber',
P ulton, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Rives, Sevier, Southard, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williarasv Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—23
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bavard, Bernen,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tall-
made, Wh te, and Woodbndge—24.
Mr. BENTON said, m order to give the Sena-
tors from Massachusetts an opportunity to vo e, he
would m ve to go into Executive session
Mr. TALLMADGE said the question wa- not
morder <t had just been decided that the Senate
would not go into Executive session
Mr. CLAY hi ped the Land bill would be pro-
ceeded with until disposed of Th<_re was also
another important bill—the Revenue bill—which
ought to be tak -n up There wat no urgent rea
son why 'hey should go into Executive session,
there would be nothing detrimental from the delay,
while the other measures were imperiously called
for.
Sir CHOATE s?i J, as he had been appealed to,
lit would s.~y thit he d'sired to have gone into
Exceutiv s ssion on Saturday, .md was dispo*ed
to ilo so now, but as hi* frrnds attached great ím
portal ce io the bill now before the body, he would
not embarrass them at this time.
The Land Distribution b 11 was then teken up,
the question pending being on the amendment of
fered by Mr Blrrikn, providing that in case the
dutv n 'mported articles after the 20th Jti'iP, 1842,
shall be íncrea ed beyond twenty per cent, advalo
rem, to be . ompu ed according to the provisions of
the act of 2J March, 1833, the distribution shall
cease, to b' lenewed whenever *aid duly is reuueed
to twenty per cent, ad valorem, unless prohibited
by the other provisions of tais act.
Mi BERRIEN would modify the amendment,
if in order,« nd it not, he would move to ¿mend it so
t>>at it might provide, that ii there shall, at anj time
during the existence of this at/, be levied a duty on
imports, mconsisti nt with the piovisions of Ih  ast
of March 31, 1833, (the C^miromis act,) inntled
"An act to modify the act of 14th July, 1832"
andalloih r acts tmpo mg duties on imports, be-
yond the r. tt of duty fixed by th*t act, then th 
distubuuon pruvidt 1 in this act shall be suspended,
an 1 shall so con í'iue, unal tins cause ot suspei
sion shad be removed, and tarn shall be renewd,
if not prohibited by the o her provisions of this
act.
Mr KiriGsaid the prfpi^ition cf ihe 'Senate-
from Georgia amounted to no birs, and altered ihe
bill in no re r-ect He was sorpr'scd ihai ihe Se-
na'or, feh°n he expíes el his- unwiiling-ieis, a let
days since, t > v > e for 'h? ci tiibu ion, i its < ii *
would Le o ins'fpse Ihe duties on nn¡ or s, ihouli
now be vid ng to vole for i', w ih thf am ndm r
a tachsd Tip usu i of dr- rib io t \\ u!d b t >
locre s- the rateo dut et, and it would rat ip tK^
duty io pn i nl mt'"d exien , on 'te rrticl s u d bj
the Sojih ri States, if tnere t-as a cirr sxndmg
deue.se c  du y i n otaer art c ..« H contended
that this aipei Jm nt was d ceotive, an f in n->
manner mi ified the bid I Southern SeiiRtois
wer pifp r d to set this who mit'er afloat, to
adop* ih s amendment, and to pass ihe dis ribatio i
bin at this ex'^a session, they prepare i for faigi
axation on their peopl'.
Mr BERRIEN said he w«s a repre^entstive of
a Soutnern State, rnd had rff red the am"! dnr-nt
v iih a \ ew to the interests of his CMistita as lle
believed it  ?s adpp cd to this purpose It won d
not alter of vesinct the power o1 Cenare s to rrgp-
late the tariff subject when the tira f_>r thnt jti-
poi.e airivei1 There "as no prov so teat coi '
prevent .\ lu'uie Congrí ss from "o m bey nd t  
provisions of the compromise art, if they hoog t
proper; bui by this amendment he now askel t n
expresión of the Senate that thi pr vis jns cf the
, compromise act should be observed, and this  w
all they could secure by any amendment, but he
very much deubted whether this would pass.'
Mr. KING said the amendment would be car-
ried by the other side, and that by the highest ta*.
riff men in the Senate. The amendment that he
(Mr. K ) had offered, and which was immediately
rejected by the tariff men, provided that the distri-
bution should ceas>e, and not be renewed, when-
ever the rate of duty on any article exceeded 20
percent, but this amendment, which the Senator
said was cf the same character, was to be accepted
by them. How could the Senator explain this.
He isked Southern men to ponder well how they
vottd for distribution, when by it they would cre-
ate a necess ty for an increased rate of duties, un-
der the plea of which necessity, others would come
in, and voie to increase ihe duties on articles con-
sumed by the South.
Mr CALHOUN believed there was much more
pro^abiht of preserving the compromise without
than with the amendment; and, therefore, without
going into the argument, said he should vote
against tb« amendment.
Mr CUTHBERT opposed the amendment.
Mr EVANS said he should  ote for the amend-
ment, as its object was to modify the Senator's
amendment to the form he wished. The amend-
ment to the amendment was then accepted by
genpral c. usen   as a modification.
Mr. BERRIEN said perhaps he might modify
th  amenlment so as to meet the views of the
Senator from Alabama (Mr King) by specifying
ih rate of duty fixed by the compromise act, in-
stead of referring to the act Uself.
Mr ALLEN wishel to have the words "or any
of them'" inserted after the word imports.
Mr. WALKER hoped the Senator from Geor-
g.a v ould accept of the modifications. This was
one of ihe most important questions of this session.
It was now to be decided whether Congress meant
to adhere to the compromise act or not—whether
ihree or four millions a year were to be  taken out
of the Treasury, to create an excuse for violating
that ;>ct St was a question of more importance
than the B ink bi'l, for lhat would not stand discus-
sion befoy the people a single year, had it passed
Congress, u woüd be set aside by the future repre-
sen a ives of the people.
After a short discussion between Messrs. BER-
RIEN, ALLEN, WALKER, CUTHBERT,
LINN, and HUNTINGTON, Mr. BERRIEN
accepted the modifications-, and the question was
taken nn the amendment modified, as follows:
"That if at any time during tfie existence of this act there
sh >u]J be an imposition of duties on imports inconsistent with
thpptovi&ions of ttieactof March 2, 1833, entitled "An act to
modily t!ie ict of 14th February, 1832, and all the acts im-
posing duties on mpoiti, and beyond* the rate of duty fixed by
that irt c i u t 2()jpei cpntum on the value of such importó, or
tuivcitht ii U nihe hbtnbution provided in tlni act shall be
s i put d         I  lull so continue until the cause of us suspen
si n      i 1 h   i   i ov  1, when  if not prevented by other ¡irovi
sion  11 llilb h    sue!   tislubulionfeliall be renewed "
M WfODrfOuY obsuved that alihougb. the
an^nd net • as ti iw moi ified was in substanee the
s-tap ¿s the «ecuíid one ne had offered on Friday,
t'nre was m vciei, an important omission—that
oí irelud i a<- pan of the restr etion ihe raising of
fi my io ihe Tiea ury by loan. If this was not
mser ta, t e dm, m ght nominally continue at 20
per cent; } i !oans m.ght be carried on to any ex-
ten' lor je_rs, *ui 'tang mc.eased taxation mevi-
tab e
M". BENTON was opposed to the whole mode
cf 1-gisla ion now prevailing, and would therefore
?u agai st the amendment, as he would against
the * íol bi'l He had no idea of encouraging
tn s s/i>c- i of carr>in¿ measures by extracting
vo es from sectional interests He went for the
\ hi '<=> c un n, in which the parts were included
Hewoudro *up on" an amendment calculated
t > strtpg ¡-en the vole on such a bill as this.
Tm> jeas and nays having been called for and
ordered, tie question was taken, and resulted as
follnws-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Barrow, Bayard,
Berrien, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken;
