floor) addressed the committee during the hour
win great to  er and eloquence, in Uvor of t',e
bill, and m emphatic reply to tne ¡speech of Mr
Wise delivered on Saturday last
la t ¡e c urte ot his remirks h' e^ptessed his
sati fdct en at the ve o which ihe President had
put on the Bank b.li, which f e ^aid ha 1 received
the approbation of < o < ne, and at the ssrt « tin e he
passed a high eubgium on the President for his
eminent public semee  and the punty of his prin-
ciples.
Mr. M. said he shculd vote for the bill because
the veto sei.med to give evidence that this bill
would be signed lie wa>. glad that ihe fii^tbtll
had bem vetoed He now thoeght this bill was
less ohiectionab'e, at d that it would be signed, and
that ihj wart, ot u.e Roses would oe ended forever
He then r ent at leng h tn show thptlbe bill might
be signe I by ih  Piesident, and quoted clauses
from the veto mo-'-age, to sus am his argument
If the Prc«i Vnt would veto the bill, he should feel
bound, as a representetive of the couniry, lo try
htm with it, not to trap him, not to head him, not
to catch hm with a running noos-, but to try bun
His hour hiving exp red, Mr M. was obliged to
yield the floor without concluding his remarks.
Mr. diLMER next addressed the committee in
opposition yo th° bill, and in the course of his re-
marks gave an eloquent and interesting exposition
of the fetales Rights doctrines to which this mea-
sure is oppced. He repudiated the monstrous
doctrine of estoppage, which, foi the first time in
the h'stny oí the Government, had been advanced
on that floor, by w hich tbe decís ons of an Exe-
cutive or a Congress could se'tle a constitutional
question for their -successor- in all future times
He would not here, he said, stop toirquirehere tor
a President of the Untti d States m'aht be at liber-
ty to think after the Snpieme Court had pronounc
ed its op nion, but he would btg gentlemen to re-
member that this was a t-vo-e 1¿ d swo'd, and if
the Executive nad no light to ihmk when the Su-
preme Court had decided one way, he had no right
to think when it had decided the other. He pro-
tested sgamst the d >c'nne of precedents and settled
questions He woula not inquire how often or
by whom thu great question of the constitutionality
of a Bank of the United Slates had been settled
Did it occur to gentlewen that it nevei could be
settled but by the Constitution itself? The
will of an illustrious «ta esman, expressed forty
years ago, was not sufficient to settle a
question which had asnta ed pabl c opinion
ever since that time. He should not stop to dis-
cus the doctrine ot political consistency, or how
far a sta'esman 'vas bound to act up lo the cha-
racter which had distiogui hed his whole political
life, and whether he was bound to adopt a new set
of opm ons after oDtaming cfBee He would not
sop to inquiie irAo this new doctrine lately ad-
vanced by ifteorf?iiaf the rrrjority on that floor,
insidiously coveted up in the following lan-
guage
'How giea the ] íesump ion amounting almost to lmrious
nes t! at would compel six persons, endowed by the Cieator
wu i the hit* ifht, intellectual powero distinguished ^mong then
fellow men foi the hiedom and boldness of the exercise of
tho e powtis ard therelore placed in the highest ti lists, lo re
guióte all the i mug ts by those of any o hei mind with which
they happen t>be biought in cm ract' '
He wou d not otop to discuss these quesiions of
political ca^utstrj, tr je ui-t--y, whichever you
please to calljhem, but said he, give me have 10
tell you, teat if th° dictune is once established
that public ,nen are to change their opinions when
ever a oange comeo over the dream of pol ticians,
it needs no prophet to foresee that the days of our
liberty are n..mbe e 1 Whenever Ibe President of
the Uniitd S ates shall no longer thmk for himcelf
—whene er, like the King of Eng'and, he is to
have a Lo A Chancel'or to thmk fot h m—wbes he,
and h ¡s (r en is for him, are to express one uet of
opinions before th  election, and he is to carry out
anoih-r <et a ler th<  "election is over, then public
virtue is Pt an end, and lifertv will not lona sur-
Vive it. As tj the piesent bil1, it was so nearly
similar to the one to the one that had been vetoed
by ih- Presj 'etir, that h  ooked upon it as a second
"Monsieur Ton on come again " It belonged to
that class of incidental powers which had always
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been claimed by one party and lepudia'ed by the
other, arid víhicli must alwa}s cons ltme the true
division between the parties str ving for ascendan-
cy is this Government. As to '1 e allusion ilu!
had been made to the Kttehen Cabinet ¡n the other
Hou«e, he disclaimed us having any appuration
to him. He octupied too loftt a po«i< on there
for such sharts to reach him Standtrg there as a
representative o( the peop'e, he was "eeond to n> ne,
and had expressed n opinions to the Pres dent that
he had not boldly and openly avowed on that floor.
He and his friends hai been lann'ed with rppos
mg the Administration without gemlemen saying
whi were the Administration He should like lo
kno v whether it was at th ot> er erd of the ave
nue or in that buildir s;. W<i« it ihe President or
th- Cabinet? It hid been said ihat one of that
Cabinet had made mi re removal Com cffice in
the short time he had been there, thau had been
made during the whole ci ur e of Gen ra' Jack-
son's Admimstiatio-i, and that anoiher member of
that Cabinet was not far behind him Was the
President, he would ask, in favor of this sweeping
proscription1 Alter warmly and eloquently de-
fending the President from the unwarranted at
tacks that had been made on htm in tbe other
House, Mr G showed that the qu'stion
of a Bank of the United States was not
raised at the Harnsburg Convention If it had
been, that Convention would euher have adjourned
without makmp a nomination, or if they had
pronounced in favor of such a measute, their
nomination would have been defeated before the
pe pie
Mr PROFFÍTsaii hebJieved the Whig parly
was not tobe found in these hall , they we-e to be
foun 1 at the plough-handles and m the workshops
The Wh g party ucceeded bv ihe addition of the
old Jackscn men, who wished to reform tbe abuses
of tbe Administration He compared the vetoed
bill, which was concocted m the Sena e to make
great men—to make Presidents—to a limping ani-
mal that sta ked up the avenue wi'h a leg of brass
and a leg of wood, and finally died with the Bolts
He satd he belonged to the corporal's guard, and f
ihe member from Virginia would permit him, he
would march as the humblest member of the for-
lorn hope He thought the President ought to have
a new Cabinet, and if he was ask d when, he
should say no v. It they went out of th^ir own ¡sc-
cord, so much the better. He went against Mr.
Clay with sorrow, but he never could have Mr
Clay for his Pendent. H  felt tho chains uptn
his wr sts now, he did not fe 1 them when he advo
c t d Mr Clay's cause beforp the people for thir-
teen long jesrs He said the name of the bill
would be changed before it wa? passed, and he
ihould not be surprised k itsauthois stoie the title
of the much abused Suo Treasuty I ill for it Mr
P defended the President with eloquence, and to
the fullest ex'ent
Mr. COST JOHNSON followed m defence of
the bill, contending that i> was such a measure as
would meet the approbation of the Pitsu'ent, as
might fairly be mlerred from the veto message
Mr. POPE of Kentucky made a coreilaury
speech He al'udtd to the prevalence of pablic
opinion agaiest the Bíük He said though he went
for a Bank, and would go with his Wh g fronds,
if they would not go with him, «ti'l hi thought the
Fiscal Corporation would be a bone of contention
for ages He said he should ieel a little mean
when he went home wit!) this Utile Fiscal Agenf.
He began to teel mean already He -a'dtfthey
\ ould strike out the cause which follarle Con
gress to make auo her for twenty ye_,rs, he might
vote for it
Mr. EVERETT of Vermont went in favor of
the bill, and expressed some satisfac ion that ihe
President hid vetoed th' fir t bid
Mr. UNDERWOOD followed, and gave hi 
R?nk experience. He objected to be roakiiig cf a
Bank for borrower He went for the loaners
lie was glad the first Bank had been vetoed He
should go for this one row. He vent inti a de-
fence ot Mr Clay, and said he could not be a die
tator who opposed tyranny
The hour of four having arrived, tie Hoise, in
pursuance of its on'er of Sa urday, proceeded with-
nn  lull         ■■■■!......■■.....i.ima«....l tnM.liiñ\ii—lUillm-fiTI   i i ri fi. 1S1IÚ .UBimnHilT i   i     M     IT ug^"?f
out further debate to vote <n ihe amendments flat
were pending, oi ihat might be offered.             f '
The first quest  n was on the- -motion of ¡ftr.
TtiRNEY lo sti ke i ut the enacting cfause Of the
biU, ami, by ayes82, no>s 1C2, it was rej-cted    *
'i he ques ion then íecurred on the motion ofSii.
Sfrgeant, to strike out all after tbe enacting clafise,
and insert the amendments heretofae mdica'td try
him
Mr BIDLACK offered the following, to come
in at the end cf the ninth fundamental article:
"And the earner of the said 'Fiscal Corpoiat on' and each
of its agencies, wherever established shilt annually, on the 1st
Monday of Jatiuarj, transmit to each House of Congresea list
of all bills of exchange bought and sold by theiji—slating the
amount and dale of each, with the na e or namesof the draw-
ers, endoiseis and acceptor^ md showing the amount of t)u
smt o bus done with each individual oi firm, With the date
an*1 mo le of payment and the said cashiers and agents shall
keep a book in which shall be entered a list of all the officers
forihe pu rehire oi sale of any bits, with the action of the
biarlof dir cloro thereon, o* the action of the Comnuííee of
Exchmse, u any such committee shall exist, and the books
thus k^pt shall at all olhce houis, be open foi the inspection of
the public
Rejected
Mr BIDLACEC said, he had many other amend-
ments, but he was prevented from offering them.
He also alluded to the fact that no Democrat had
been allowed to speak since the bill had been iu
com mi tee.
Mr. WISE moved to amend the bill in the se-
cond lme, by striking out the words "in ihe D strict
of Columbia," (as the location of ihe mother insti-
tution )   Lc-t.
Mr W W IRWIN moved to amend the 9th
section of the fundamental amele, by striking out
all ihat portion which restricts the Corporation lo
dealings in any thing except foreign bills of ex-
change, &c &c. and inserting that part of Mr.
EwtngN projn, which restricted the Corporat on to
dea'ing in promis ory notes, called bills ol ex-
change, gold and silver, &c Lost: ayes 48, noes
108
Mr. SERGEANT moved to amend the 9 h fun-
damental artcle, in the 109.h line, after the word
"Territory," by inserting the words "the District of
Columbia inclufed "   Agreed to.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved an amendment to the
same article, making all bills payable at sight.
Lost—ayes 58, noes 109.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to amend tbe 6 h sec-
tion, in line 40, after the words "par value" by in-
serting the words "the proceeds to be applied to the
payment of the public debt."   Lest.
Mr. ROOSCVELT moved o amend the 7th
see ion line 11, after the words "nature or quality,"
by in erting the words "except promissory noies."
Los'
Mr SPRIGG moved to amend the 9ib article
(at line 109) by adding the words ' including Bills
or drafts drawn in any State or Territory and pay-
able in the same S'ate or Territory in which they
are drawn "   Lobt
Mr SHlELDSoffered the following amendment,
which was rejected Insert in the 4th line of the 9 h
clause of section 11 after the word "another," the
words "and not havirg longer to run than suiy
da s"
Mr. W W IRWIN offered an amendment pro-
hibiting the B¿nk from discounting or dealing in
accommodai ion bills of exchange.   Lost.   .
Mr W W. IRWIN offered some othei amend-
ments, which tht Reporter could not obtain.
M' POPE moved to s'rike out the 2tst sec ton,)
or tt>at which prohibits the Government from es-
tablishing an >ilier corporalion during the existence
of lus )    Lost.
The motion of Mr SERGEANT was ¡hen
agreed io,4nd the amendment  offered by him were,
by ayes. 113, noes 55 agreed to.
And thea, on motion of Mr SERGEANT, the
cominee rose and reported the bill to the
Hiu>e
And the question being on concurring with the
committee in tbe amendments and ordering the bill
to a third reaHme—
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question,
and thrre was a second.
Mr. SPRIGG asked the yeas and nays on the
main question, which were ordered.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN inquired of Ihe Chair if a
