CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ns
er complaints that the Postmaster General had te-
duccd the contracts and curtailed the routes be-
cause of the impoverished condition of 'he Depart-
ment. The gentleman had said that the Postmaster
Genera! had removed postmasters from office who
did not d fier as math Irom hims-rlt as he did from
(he President, and yet he held on to office wish a
death grasp, and refused to resign. What! had it
come to this, that a public officer, the head of a
. Department created by law, if he differed on any
pomtfrom the Executive Head of the Republic,
must either resign or be tumid* out of officr?
Could ihsre be a more perfect de^poti-m imagined?
Mr. S. trusted in God that we had not come to
such a pass as thai: he hoped there were some little
remains of liberly left to us. It was to be expected
that differences of opinion would exist on the part
of those who, on every other p^int, might ccrdially
approve and support the views of the Executive:
and there was in fact the most perfect harmony of
general sentiment between the President, his Cabi-
net, (he two Houses of Congress, and the great
majority of the American people. Y*t the debts
of the Government must not be paid because an
executive officer did not choose to march out of
office because of one point of difference of opinion
between himself and the Presid nt!
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON  sa.d that he was op-
posed to the parage of this bill—"hat it introduced
a new principle into the legislation of this House.
He believed tint there was not a solitary instance
frsin the commencement of the Government, of
supplying the  Post Office vrrh  means from the
public Treasury—it was des;gned to ; up, ort ít-e'f,
and that ¡ts expenditures should never be permit-
ted io go beyond its income.    This was a princi-
ple from which he was unwilling to depart.   If
we once commenced furnishing the m.-ans from
the public Treasury, there, would be no limit, no
restriction upon its cxpenc'ii'ire—'bat Department
had never had connection  with the Treasury until
a few years past, and then mceiy >>r the proper
adjustment and superv .-ton of its acoum .   This
he thought was right.   Th ie v as no reason why
the gtt-at mass of thecoimujiiity th'Juld be taxed
to   support that   establishment,   which  operated
mainly foi ihe benefit of newspaper readers and letter
writers,  and  those  who en¡ojed its   advantages
should psy the expenses.    Hence it was that the
esiablishraent bad alwajs been sustained by a tax
on letters and  newtpipers,  and  no  demand  ever
made on  the Treasur}.    Tie D-partment ha J
often    before    been     emb rr^«?ed.     He    recol-
lected   one   o*rwr    oecas'ort   '¡;"a  which   appli-
cation had been made to  'h ;  Hnuse for relief,
and for the reasons Si'gf;c-.tt;d, it hr;>t hppn prouip'-
ly rejected. Tnis pfpositto'i seemed to htm in ac-
csrdanee with the ods-r m.'asuicsof the Whig par-
ty duung this «ssion.   The pshl.c Treasury was
to b? n:s'!c and kent emfrty t > justry gent'emen in
giving us  another  h vt'.i ii'if;  and  hcu^e it was,
that the revenues ; rr-'ti-; lro>-  the public lands 1 ad
Le-n lakt.n tro'i: the 'i'r'.-s-try  8 ;d given  away.
Now c.-.tnm;nc-i a. n-".i ;;'.-'tv,  of ¡t'.nshing the
- mea::s for the P >t-t Odie:  f'o.r. IV ;iun! c Treasu-
ry, and i;. would no'  s'ori h re; it wou'd go on,
year a!"ter, unit! lh<" wbo'e t^ a':!i'-hfn?r.t would be
thrown cpou trie Treasury.    Th s. with orner ad-
ditunal burdens already tbre.wii upon it, and the
loss of the tevenue from public U< dV, would pro-
duce the  neces-ity of another   opptes^ive tariff,
which he had no rWot n-c'.'X  sesionen on this
floor desired.    Here-r/ort;,-..he:,  this  dcpa'tmmt
bectme embarr«is-ed fro;",  try cans , instead of .
appealing1 to Congrcs*. a-d sterling reli.tf from the
Treasuiy, the umfoiiii cutirá: had bees, to get the
rehef desired by a pioper  cortadme: of the ex
pmditurcs of the D parlarnt—by keeping the ex-
penditure withi:¡ the wco ,e.    Suc'a  should  now
be the case.    An excuse n mw made for retorting
to 'he public Tieasury, th-.t these ernbarrafements
of ihe  Department wete produced during the last
Administration, either  by  the neslect or ;m«ma-
iiaaementcf the predecessor cítue pre-ent   Post-
master Genera!.
He regretted to see ai evident inclina'ion on the
part of the Secretaries to justify or excuse many
of the measures of the present session by ca'-ttng
reproach upon the last Admmistrat.on.   Trie Se-
cretary^ the Treasury, by an ingenious and art-
ful statement of the accounts in his financial te-
pert, had made an imprrs-don upon the public
mind—he would not say that the Secretary had de-
signed to do so—that the Government was more
than thirty millions in debt, and the Whig press
had proclaimed it from one end of the ountry to
the other. Every man upon this floor knew now
how utterly false this impression wa«; and of the
twelve millions which Congress had authorize
him to borrow, much the larger proportion of it was
designed for other purposes than the payment of
the outstanding debts.
[Here Mr. J. was called to order for irrelevancy,
and, after some conversation, proceeded.]
He had as little faith in the financial state-
ments of the Postmaster General as he ht.d in that
of the Secretary of the Treasury. From the best
examination he could give thp subject, he had no
doubt, if the late Postmaster General had been con-
tinued in office, we should never have heard an ap-
p ication to this Housr for th? relief of the Depart-
ment, and that any embarrassments under which it
labored would have been discharged fiom its own
resources.
[Here several voicei were heard mentioning the
name of Amos Kendall in derision ]
Mr. J. said: Yfs, if Mr. Kendall had the ma-
nagement of the Department, he had no question
the income of the Department would soon be made
equal to its expenditure-; and he took this occasion
to say, in justice to him, that he hid l.mg known
him as a public officer, and that he believed no
officer in the Government had managed any de-
partment with more fidelity, integri y, and talents,
than h; had do:>e; that he believed ttie Post Office
Department had never been better managed than
by bin . Gentlemen might, if th y chote, com-
pare the present Pos'master General with him, and
h<* would venture to say that he never was and
never could be made the equal of Mr. Kendall in
that Dt-partmen*.
Mr. J. said that he supposed the present Post-
master General had been too much occupied in the
management of the political machinery of the De-
partment, to bestow much attention to its finances.
We hear every day, from every quarter, of his
proscriptions. The best men in the country were
driven from public office to make room for noisy
partisans; and he believed for no better reason than
that their politics did not suit his taste In the
other branch of the Legislature, the numbf r had
bren estimated at 13Í) per week. He knew not
te mi nber. S'aoitiy after the commencement of
i-t! icston, he endeavored to a certain by a call on
tSe Depart!/!!)!'—by accident h  had got hi* reso-
lution 'throng') th'i-i II >u-e—it had bren answered
and ordered to be prin'ed m ar twenty days ag< —
it went i: due time, t > the punter—there it now re-
mains, and he presumed \v<; shou'd not receive it
until this bill was finally act?d on. lh° Bink bill
had been presented to the Hou-e rn F-day eve-
ning—a larger docum^n', he presumed, thai the
arnvcr t" h'-t resolu'ion—'hat was rr'ned pnl
laid on opt tables on the next nvrning. T -.at was
a favorito mea.'ire on ene side ot the Hous°,
whilst the o'her had as well be kept back. So it
was with the d icurnent containing the iu ms of ex-
pendí' ure of General Harrison's funersl; a roost
extraordinary document; and it was imt strange
that genii, men of the m-.jonty seemed desirous to
avod i if, publication; it would tell bifote the people
of the country, and might make qui e a« much
noise as the false stor.es put iq circulation abaut
the gold spoons and fine furniture ia the house of
the President.
Toe proscriptions for opinion's .ske, uh:ch had
been going on in this Department, he cmHdered
disgraceful to the country. He wou'd mention one
instance, becan-e it had occurred in his own dis-
trict—a district he had represented for ten year«—
and during the time, when the Whigs clamored
most loudly against the proscription of General
Jackson, in his dis rict there had been nothing like
it. A majority of the offices were all the time fill-
ed with Whigs, after the divi-ion of parties in his
Sta'e, and most of them oppointed upon hi* recom-
mendation. During the'time, one of the post-
1 masters, (at Springfield) had taken an unusually
active part in the elections.and particularly against
himsef; had followrd him from plácelo pj'aeeÉ,
whilst in lih county, had given a cemffeste-agKisst
him, which was false, and proven to Dfef^lges  <iH«
forborne as Ion? as possible recomníáa¿ gsta¡&!í*e-
moval, until urged earnestly by his poü(ia¿Wea ds¿
as an act of justice to them, many -of *!*k<M4 had
lost all confidence in the honest mjB#gejaeo**£
the office; so much so, that some of 4heftt actu-
ally did much of their corréipnndeta«Bt#^^
other offices than the one in- their<tí3rnvi}}¡age,
to avoid their letters passing IhroBgh^ttsAMWy.
He recommended hts removal, a*d it was?eU*er-
the office was given to one of his-poHtiesri-irj^ds,
who held it near a year and resigned. Capf. Partuhe
was recommended and appointed-^a Banxof-Wiex?
ceptionable character—quiet and unobstr««iye'«i¿
his manners—never, so far as he knew.'i engaging
in electioneering or taking part in election*, fafffJer
than exercising the right of voting; -and .-heVb&d
been recently informed, had ustraHy -voted .«Ae
Whig ticket uutil the last Presidential eteetwn,
when he deebned voting on either sidex 3Shft<pe-
sent Postmaster General found this man «ofiree,
discharging the duties faithfully and hOBestfy|>s£Bd
so far as he knew to the satisfacionoof ewr^bWy;
but political excitement^ was 'Qp; bffi office
was needed to pay this active certifying
partisan, who had been dismissed for his impileper
interference in elections. Though he bad bÉeatte-
moved upon a petition numerously signed^'gatisp
in the midst of great political excitement; -íy í>sbe
believed there was no charge made agaitrs*>btl®i—
no intimation that the duties of the óffice-JHté*ót
been faithfully and honestly performed-, «nfHE-fm
sure no such charge could have beenmaáe with
truth. There was no ground for his-t re rao val-—
not ihe slightest pretext-^-anless it1 was rf«5jie;,to
gratify ihe mal'gnant feelings of bitter p&rtisi'BS
or to reward this certifying Wbi|'c'iéetíon«erer
with the spoils of effice. Possibly, sir, thif'^ott-
ma^ter General might have had another raotive.
He might have been informed, as Mr. J.' had ¡re-
cently been, that this restored deputy postmaster,
whilst formerly in office, had sent in the mail'bags,
and of course free of postage, coonskine/tftsome
of the constituents of the honorable meiaheT from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood ] The devodott-of
the Postmaster General and his friends to-this'¿pa-
ctes of animal during the last Presidential contest,
may have warmed hts heart toward this applicant
for restoration. Mr. J said he mentioned this tit-
s'arce of unjustifiable proscripion, (and hehad.no
doubt hundreds of oihcs equally as bad hadttjifeen
pia.-e,) merely to'.how the course of 'things-mjitbiat
department un'er ¡>s new adminU'ration. ' llr* the
Postmaster General hid bestowed as much time
and attention to the finnccal affairs of the Depart-
ment as he had given to the decapitation of honest
Dsmocratic pos'tnaMer , a d rewarding greedy
office hunter0, we should not nowhave begh'tmlled
on for hrslf a million of dollars te meet the-'oon-
tracts of the 0.-p?.rtment. I concur, si%jBh íely
with tho memVr from New York, [Mr. Fl*¥d,1
that he is wb lly incomp- tent to ihe duties of- that
office, unlfss it is to be made a mere political ma-
chine for the maia5¡em"nt of elections.
Mr J. said he Ebon Id n< t now set the first ex-
ample of supjjlyin  the Post Office from the public
Treasury, nor should he rote any relief to ttw'De-
partmPMt, until a further examination wasdiadinto
the condition of the Department, and jw^finances
better understood, or until the PostmasterGenerat
had leisure from hU political duries' to -give us a
more satisfactory account of them. , , - „
After seme remarks from Mr. TILL1NGHAST
in-upport of the hill—                          ,'",',,
Mr.  CLIFFORD   obssrved that as he should
vote  aaaimt  this bill in every shape and' form
at thií   sesión of Congress, he would say a few
words in explanation of his reasons for so doing.
He wished it to be borne in mmd, thaff-fe Admi-
nistration came into  power on the 4-h of M*rch
last, unacquainted with the business of this De-
partment, embracing a greater variety of subject
than any other Dopartment of the Government.
Watvin" thequestinn whether the head of the Depart-
ment was compet -nt or  incompetent, he  was con-
fident that  there was not a man in Ch'istendom
