CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            877
something abont the county of his colleague; and
if it was the policy of the Government to remove
none bat unworthy and incompetent men, how
came it that a Whig meeting was held in that
eouny, m which his colleague [Mr Morgan] was
denounced for procuring the appointment of an
unworthy man, and declaring that if he did
not retrace his steps, th°y would leave the
party. Ask the Whigs in my county whether
the man removed from the post office in the vil-
lage where I live, was not competent and
laithful, and they will to a man say
that he was. This removal was not brought
about by the people residing in the neighborhood,
and doing business at the office, for the incumbent
was not charged with interfering in elections, but
upon inquiry at the Department, I found upon its
files the application of Thurlow Weed to give the
place to one of las protegees And what were the
grounds, think you, on which the application was
made? Why, the applicant was a Whig Editor,
who had been mulcted by a jury in heavy da-
mages for a hbei on a Democrat, and this place
was, wanted to mend hib broken fortunes. Mr B
said that the gentlemen removed was a worthy and
estimable man, and a faithful and efficient officer,
who had rendered himself acceptable to both par-
ties. As to the man who had got his place, he
would not say any thing bad of him, and ii he
could say any thing good of him, he would cheer-
fully do so Mr B alluded to anolh r removal
of the Posimas er General, and said tnat the only
reeommenda ion 01 the man who was put in the
place of the removed ofiicer, was m these words—
he remembered them well- "He is a steamboat in
politics."
Mr MORGAN asked if this appointment had
been made
Mr BOWNE. Yes, sir, it has been made—n
the county of Montgomery and S ate of New York.
Now, sir, it seems that, so far from inquiring
whether ihe incumbent ha? interfered m elections,
it is only necessary to prove that the applicant is a
"steamboat in politic ," and can do good political
service. So tar as his knowledge extended, the
men appointed in pl?ce of those who had been
turned out, were among the most noisy, brawling
bar-room politicians in the country.
After some further remarks from Mr. B.
Mr. BRIGGS made some farther observations
in support of the bill
Mr. REYNOLDS sa'd he did not deem it neces-
sary to s,av much about the ins or the outs made by
the Postmaster General, as he thought his own
head would soon be taken off. Tbe^e are strong
reasons, and equally strong indica ions, that Pie
sident Tjler will not need mucn longer the present
Cabinet that surround him They «ere not his selec
tions, and, as they do not agree with h.m in poli-
tics, rte nece,sary result is, tnat they must be dis-
missed He  se  these th -n,* only by common iu-
mor, and Dy the reasonableness ot the tiiDg itself
He protended to no Cabinet secret ; He knew
none, and was glad of it
President Tyler, in his late veto mes age, nas
erased the Rubicon, a d has thereby dec'ared war
against the mo«t leading and mos uij ortsat mea-
sure ot the Cabinet and a portioi of the Whig
party. He has come outbtfore the peo 5 e in op-
position to a United States Bank, whr i is in di-
rect accordance with his whole life. Ht i ?s no-
bly dared to do hi  duty in defiair  ii Whig
threats and Whig denunciations.
Hiscoursj shows tha' he is a Uieal d sct-dant
of the great and glorious Sute tha' ga/f b m birth
Tne doctrines, taught by the great aoost'e of free
Government, Thomas Jefferson, an1 compatriots,
are so se-ongly engraved on his h^art mat ro
length of ume or change 01 circuti-'mce can
eradicate them He is fixed and irrevo able in
his opposition to a Ntnonat Bank, yet equally
wll known that ilit Cab net now around h m are
as permanent and as fixed as he is, m their op mons
that a Nation-il Bank is prupe% and mdispen^a
b y neeevary i or the well being of the, Gjvern
ment These statements are notoriously true
The records and public documents prove it. This
being the caw,' a house divided ag-unst itse'f can-
not stand."     It is a necessary result that this
Cabinet must receive their dismissal; and the
sooner the better, for both the nation and President
Tyler. The good of the people, and the harmoni-
ous transaction of public business, require the
dissolution of the Cabinet. It is also due to
the Presiáent himself that his political friends
should be called around Him, so that he and the
nation may be benefited by their friendly and con-
genia1 counsels.
On other gr?at and leading measures, he and the
Cabinet cannot agree. The President is opposed
to proscription for opinion's sake, while the Ca-
binet not only profess the principles of proscrip-
tion, but practice it on the Democratic party with
a vengeance unequalled in any monarchy in Eu-
rope.
The opinions of old Virginia, in opposition
to proscnption,*which have been instilled into the
mind of the President from his infancy to the pre-
sent time, will govern him through life. Thus it
is again evident that he and the Cabinet disagree
in such manner, that a dissolution is inevitable,
and must, sooner or later, take place. The sooner
the better, for Mr. Tjler and the country. The
Cabinet is a mill stone around his neck. They
must a id will sink him, if permitted to remain in
their present situation
Mr. R said he was not opposed to persons filling
offices who enterta ned the same sentiments and
opinions which govern the Administration He
deem«d it righ' and proper The same °entiments
on great national mtasur s ousht to prevail
amor-gst all the officers of Government, who are
charged by the people with carrying out the same
measures But he is utterly opposed to the pro-
mises and pledges on one side, and the practices
on the other.
It is a fact known and recogn s*d bv all man
kmd, from one end of the continent (o the other,
tnat the Whig orators and the Whig presses de-
nounced proscription for option's sake, with all
the seventyjwhich talents and the English language
could present. They condemned the Van Buten
Administration for the policy, and pledged them-
selves to the contrary coarse. These pledges and
promises were given before assembled multitudes
They were uttered m such solemn and serious
manner, and on so many occasions, that the people
were constrained to believe them. These declara-
tions had almost the solemnity and sanctity of an
oath, which induced the people to repose the utmost
confidence in them. This was one mam conside-
ration which induced the people to support the
Whig party at  the ballot boxes last fall
The election being gd-i-d, and ti e Postmaster
General in office, v,hat was the conduct ot this
officer'' It is siatcü tha. one hundred and thirty
headb were chopped off .i «eek Did hi. observe
the promises and pledges of the party? Tne work
of destruction, and m direct opposition to their
pledge* commenced almost as soon a? the Post
irab'er Gpneral pot in'o the Department In the
tovin of Belleville, m which Mr. R lives, he said,
this work in Illinois commenced. An upright and
honest postmaster was dismissed, and one appo n'-
ed to the office that the people did not desire. T.ie
op mons of the people v. ere not *t all consulted, or
tK< se changes would not have ta ¡^n place —
Tnoughou the D sir ct he represents in Cjngre-s,
the heads of pos'awstets tall of like leaves from
the trees m tne fall Almost all for opinion's
sake
The resolution before the committee provides
for g.vin? money to the Po tir?ster Genera! for
certain purpose , so tint the character and con uct
of that officer are legitímate matter, of discussim
If he is íncorppe ent, or if be acts in stfcb marrer
as th° people should not trust hira, i' would be ira
proi er to pass th" resolution. At ill events, the
official acts of all pubbc officers are the fit ?nd le-
git ^at>  ohjerts of e-xa am *tion by the people
Mt DA v^SON of Ge rgia deprecated ti e intro-
duction of par y sppech<> and of pai y fce'ing en a
subject 1 keihit before th^comm ttee, in whi-h vas
involved a question of right, of justice, and of hu-
manity. Here were a great number of persons,
contractors employed by the Government, apply-
ing to Congress to settle their claim , some of
which were of long standtrg, and in consequence
1
of their not being liquidated at an earlier day, they
had suffered great embarrassment and difficulty.
He (Mr D ) could say, for himself, that never
since he had had a seat upon that floor had he suf-
fered his feelings to be enlisted in party quarrels
■h hen there was a question before the House of this
character, not in any way connected with politics,
but having reference only to a question of Hght
and justice. This was a question to which the at-
tention of Congress had heen called by the Presi-
dent of the united States, m his opening message
at the present extra session.   He says:
"The Postmaster General has presented to me some facts
connected with the financial condition of the Department which
are deemed worthy the attention of Congress By the accom-
panying report ol that officer, it appears that the existing lia-
bilities of that Department beyond the means of payment at
He command cannot be ta.s than five hundred thousand dot
lars "
And the next testimony we had on this subject
was in a communication made by the Auditor,
who had been so highly complimented on the other
side of this House as a most diligent and indus-
trious man, and he showed that there was a ba-
lance of some bundrtd thousand dollars due to con-.
tractors, being a debt incurred during the last Ad-
ministration. And how did it happen? Not be-
cause that Administration had managed badly.
Nobody on his side of the House had made such
an allegation, but it would be recollected that three
or four years ago there had been a post office bill
passed to establish a number of new post routes,
and a great deal of money was required to put them
in operation. To such an extent had they been
e tablished for the last three or four years that the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads at the last session deemed it incompa-
tible to report any bill to establish new post routes.
And what had been the result? Why, that all the
rew sections of this country, including the Chero-
kee country, almost one third of the State of Geor-
gia, had been deprived of new routes. But this
necessity was forced upon the Post Office Depart-
ment, because it had not funds to defray the ex-
pense of opening them. This, then, was the cause of
the debt being incur-ed. There was also another
fact connected with this subject, and that was that
the sum of $1,100 000 over and above the expen-
ses of the Post Office Department, had been placea
m the Treasury of the United States, and there the
money was now, which ought to be credited to the
Post Office Department, together with the interest
wh ch had accrued thereon.
But every body recollected what was the condi-
tion of the Government—that it was greatly em-
barrassed.    That mon^y  could not be properly
drawn, as legitimately  belonging to that Depart-
ment, and used, as it had been, for the purposes of
the Government generally.    It  was to tins fund
they had a right to look in order to meet the claims
of these contractors, no matter whether it existed
or not     He called upon the liberality of Congress
to do these worthy and industrious men justice.
IT-   apoealed to gentleman around him  to say
wbe her the laws reguiatmg the mail contractors
were not more s vere than those placed on any
other rJass of contrpc or      Mr. D. proceeded to
rela'e someinst?nces of the g-°at hardships which
the mail  contractors in his State had undergone
within the 'ast few years owing to the non-fulfil-
mtíht by the Post Office Department of its contracts
with th-rt , in postponing,  from time to lime, the
pajment of sums due' to them, whilst they relying,
with conldence, upon being punctually paid.  Ma-
ny of them had their property levied upon, and
were greatly distressed    These unfortunate men
uugnt  to  oe justly dealt  wi h, and in the most
prompt manner    It  was due to the character of
this Griveinm nt and of Congrrss that they should,
by  their aits rnd conduct, set a pattern to the
world,  of morality, hooesty,  and justice    And
jet, strange   to say, some   gentlemen   said  (no
doubt  from  good  motive ) we ought not   to pay
these   men   what   was   justly   due   to   them—
that the Post Office Department must settle that
matter.
After some furthei remarks from Mr. D ,
Mr  McKAY, after a few remarks ,said that the
question was, what was the best  mode of afford-
ing to ihe Department the lelicf which the com-
mittee on the Post Office proposed by a direct ap-
