388
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
property in the country. Tne authority to dispose
«/ lands h under the constitutional hmitaiton
which applies to levying taxes, laymg dutie*, and
borrowing money: all for the benefit of ihe Union,
in us united, Federal capaoitv, and for the objects
and purposes named in the Constitution.
Mr. B. spoke of the compacts—and here we can-
not pretend to follow his argument. He showed
that this bill violated the compacts with the i ew
States—those compacts by which thp new States
bound themselves not to tax ihe United Stales
lands, or to interfere with ihe primary disposal of
the soil. He showed these compacts to be violated
—to be torn up and thrown away by ihe F^dsial
Government—and 'he new S ates ¡"ft to ict as they
thought proper. ll> did no' indicate that course,
but he brought it imp' -> vely to the view of theS -
nate thatthecompactsw\ > 1b„ abohvheif b/ the bi'l
—thatthe UVuonceasei to bt the owner of ihe land<;
the States separately becam  their owner, the rea-
ction of the new States id the Federal G ivernment
was changed; a new and fatal policy would be fol-
lowed; the people of the new S ates became the
slaves of the old States separately, instead of bcng
the wizens of the Union, and their ne v ma icrs
would substitute a base and grinding avarice in all
their legislation over the lands, for ti.e 1 oer?i and
patriotic policy which the Union, a^ a. parent,
would show to its children o1 the 1 ew S fes.
Mr. B. traced the whole kgislat on o' <~*oi?re<s
on this land distnbution schea e from 1832, when
Mr. Tyler acted wuh him ap* nst n; and showed
from the votes and sp eches of that day, especially
Mr. Clay's, that this bill, as> it now stands, ought
to be rejected, bo'h for unconstitutionally and in-
expediency in the present state ot the Treasury
Mr. E produced Mr H Cí.ay'< fitidua'ion
clause and pre-emption in his 'and 1> '1 t ->o years
ago, and required a vo'e upon t, th eh «va* after-
Wards had; and Mr. Clay, and all b v ñiends, vo-
ted against'he iden'ical graduation clause, word
for word, which he himself brought ia at the ses-
sion before the last!
The concluding part of Mr E' <pcrch we
feel the utmost delicacy in attempting to skueh,
but we shall take care that it shall jm con'  n
material error. It related to the Pre^ lent—h>s
pecaliar condition—and ihe duty of the De noci-
cy towards him. He considered the Pre«il«-il
threatened with expulsion from office by b Btn'
party, for the independent exercise of his cor-si i i-
tional duty. Trie parly which broug-n him mo
power, was now again«t !,im ' Unless h- m ■ i.
ported by the Democracy, he must beo/e riowr
and driven from office. In iht^> citcumsu <-~s
Mr. B. felt his ovn course to be clear, and bel' ved
that the whole Democracy would ft el eq at1/
clear: th°y would supp rt ih-ir Governme ,t n
the person of their Chici Magistrate ! Tiey would
sustain him in the independent exercise of his du-
ties ! They would not ¡«offer the President ,i
office to be destroyed by the Bank pirly! de
said he had not been lo see the Presiden' ío¡ a
long time, but that was nothing. Hew jookm 
at him, and would act bv him as he a • cd by tn 
Constitution and the country. He would sUid
by him when he stocd by them. He neither gave I
him nor sent him advice Bui, from his pk^e in Ij
the Senate, he would say to h m, Do right, and fear ,
not.' Do your duty according to me b-st Inni- o* (|
conscience and judgment You miy lose the friend-
ship of politicians, but yiu will ga n the !upport
of the myriads of diMLWested "¿tiro's who love
their country—who go for iLeircuumry—snd who
«ustain the man that stands by his c untry A few
more vetoes, and yc n will electrify ? c intint nt! The
Democracy wul cam- you through y< ,• r four
years. Tney win ne ther p'ay fake nor f nl with
you. You will have a fair support—be sived from
expulsion—carried honorably through your four
years Beyond that he would sa, no'hmg—w uld
say nothing beyond the four )car.' fair suppoi'
At the conclusion of his remark^, MK B. m^ved
to recommit the bill with ipsfurtions to s'r k° out
that part of it relating to pre-emption, and insert
the graduation and pre emption bill proposed
by Mr. Clay of Kentucky two years since.
This motion was rejected—ayes, 22, noes 29, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthb rt, Fulton, King, Lmn, Mc-
Robtrts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Sm th
of Connre ícut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker. Wil-
liams, Woodbndge, Woodbury, Wright and Young
—22
N \YS__Messrs   Archer, Burrow,   Bates,  Bav-
ard, Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Ken-
tucky Clayton, Dixon,Efans, Graham, Hender-
sol, Hun'm^ton, Kerr, Mangtim, Merrick, Miller,
MorthraJ, Pnelp , Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Srrti of Indiana, S mtbard, Tallmadge,
and '.Vmtp—29
Tne question was then taken or  the passage of
trie till, and decided m the affirmitive—ayes 28,
n<-es 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow Bates, Bayard,
Berpen. Choa e, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evan , Gra',am, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Manpum, Merrick, Miller, Mcehead, Phelps,
P irter, Prentiss Rive-, Simmons, Smibof Indi
ana Southard, Ta)!ma''g°, Wht'e and Woodbrdge
—28
WAYS—Messrs. Al'<*n, Benton, Buchanan, Cil-
houn, Clav of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Lino, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce,
Pres'on, S«vier, S-ni'h of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tdpran, Wa'ker, WttUims, Woodbary, Wnght
and Younff—23
A"d th n ihe Senate adjourned
'HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
THUR--D4Y, August 27, 1841.
The journal of yesterday was read and appro-
ved.
Mr AARON V. BROWN a<=ked the House to
exen e him from furlhei service as a member of
the Committee on Eb etions.
Mr. B said tha' he ivas the la«t of those who
had set ved upon that committee during the last
Congress; and every b-xly knows how labo-
rious wcrn the duties wh cb had been performed
by it
Mr. W^RR^N pnd Mr. ARNOLD m^de a
ipinark, under^'ool to be m objection, but the Re-
p ir* i cou!d not hear vhatit was
The mouon was then put, and Mr. B. was ex-
cuse!.
Mr   BRÍÍ1GS offered   ,v-e following resolution:
fipvolcpd That a' 13 o'rl^Ic M tliN d-ip, VI debate m
Commiuee ot the AVh ile on the oill (iSo ^0) to make appro
pudiot-,101 ncP) Oi' e Dp ai nun shall cea^f1, a^d the
commute" <h\\\ tiPipi c1 t to vote o i the ampndments then
penltnr oithitmivbt lTLr> d to sutt b II and the *=ame shill
then! l f He! ) tht Jiuuse wlín sueh ameo Ivnent a¡> may
h u e been rit tl to h/ t e commi lc Piovtrhd That
nothn r. m l!i-> le >litlot «It !1 prevent the rom-nittpe from
ifporliri2 tht. bdl to the Hou e at an etrliei 1 om if shall thmk
fit
M-. ANDREWS of Kertuckj,n prrd if'hit
v >- a n-i niege I q'i stion'
The SPB \KBR replied that it w-s.
Mr ANDREWS rf Knuck', move! to
'ml ihr< je= u'ion b/ nserting ' 12 o'clock
next Mi n ir>" if-u ai ' í this day.
On wtiej motion Mr. A. a-ked the yeas and
ntiyc; vh   h *e.e :efu°ed.
M    I.INN moved a 'all of the House.
Mr YORKS a'-ked th" yc sand na>sont'at
moti n, al rh >-cre rrdered, and, being taken,
verf—tei   79 rays 4G
So ! e iv.li uas o dered
Ac 1 th  C erk laving called the roll, 150 mem-
bers ans; pred to il e i n  rocs.
A- j, on mo'ion oi Mr LINN, all fur'her pro-
ce ii !• s ia the call were 'uspended.
T que^t'ot recurring oa ti  amendment of Mr
Andrei's—
Mr WARREN moved the prev.ous question.
Ar 1 tí c re w. ^ a second.
An! tr>e nMin qaestion (bemgfiiston the amend-
m m) w?s cj'rea, and, being taken, was decided
in 'h" neca ive
'otlf am  d ient wa~ rejected.
Mr iNDREWSut Kentu-ky then moved to lay
be resnlutic n on the table, ard asked the yeas ?nd
najs on that mcnon, wh eh wer" > rdered, and, be
iig tsk'n, were—jes 62, nays 96.
So tbe resolution was not laid on Ihe table.
And the question recurring on tne adoption of
tbe resolution—
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs .7 Sherlock Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg,
Babcock, Barnard, Bird&eye, BHrk, B an, Boardraan, Borden,
Botts, Bnsgs, Brockway, Broinon Milton Brown, Burt.ell,
William Butler, IhomatJ Campbell, Carutlier , Chi lentlen,
Jitm C Claik. Stale? N C'arke Cowen, Wi ston, Ciavens,
Wm. C Dawson, lohn Edwar Is, llverett Fillmoie, A I.4W-
rente Foster, Gamble, Oeotiy, Goii^in, F G Gootte, Gtaham,
Green, G^; Habersham, Hall, Halstetl W S IIa<nmgs,
Henry, Howard, Hudson, lames Iivm, William W Irwin,
.lame*, John V Kennedy, Lane, I.awience, Binn, Samson
Mason, Math ot, Maltocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morgan,
Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Powell, Bamsey B Randall,
Alexander Randall, Randolph., Rencher, Ridgway, Buisell,
Saltoustall, Shtppeid, Simonton, Slide, !-mith, Stiatton, Alex
H II Stuait, toht T Stuart Summers Taliaferro, ,T B
Thompson, It W Tnompson, Tillmshast, Toland, Tomhnson,
Triplet!, Ttumbull, Undeiwood, Wallace, Wairen Washing
ton, Joseph L White, Ihoma-t ^V William1', Lewis Wil
hams, C II Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, A Yoüns-, John
Young—93
NAYS—"Messrs Adams, LandaffW Andrews, Ainngton,
Atheiton, Bpe-on, Biltack, lio^ne, Boyd Aaton V Biown,
Wilnarp O Butler, I Campbell, V\lll]->m 11 Cami bed, CJif
ford, Clinton Cioss, Cushinff Dam"!, K TJ Davis,, llean,
Doaft, lloig, K istman, J C Elw i is, Fern* J G Floyd,
C A Floy i, Fornarr , Gptiy ^ViMiam O Good Gordon,
Gtistine, Harris, Tohn Hastings Iia\s Houck, ííouston, Hun
ter, Ingersoll, Jack Cave Johnson Kei^i, Andrew Kennedy,
Littlefield, A MoClellan, MrKiy Mallor}, M-nchan i, JohnT
Mason, Miller, Pai menter, Pavne, Fl imtr Rethug Rpjnoiris,
Roosevelt, Santord Gauntlets, Shav\, fenvdei, feteenrotf, Sum-
ter, Sweney, Van Buien, Wa'tetson, Weaorook, and Wood
—66
So thp resolut on was adopted.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. GRIGGS, th J ilou^e resolved
itself mlo Commute1 *f the Who.e on the state of
the Union, (Mr Everett of Vermont in the
chair,) and rfsumed the cm i lewti   of the bill
making appropriations for the Post Office Djpart-
raent.
The pendm? question being on ihe following
amendment, heietofore offered by M-. Gilmer:
"Provided, Thtt the money hereby appro i a'ed shiJl be
accounted foi by tieP>st Office Deptttment hi-reaf e , when
the condition of its funds shall peiimf ant lit relutded into the
Treaauiy, or deducted fiom any sums which the Po-t Office
Department may heretofore have paid into tne Titasuiy "
Mr. ANDRiSWSof lieniucky was entitled to
the ñ tor, which, however, he yielded for purposes
of explanation to—
Mr. BOTTS, who said that he would occupy
the attention of tbe committee only a fe,v mi-
nutes.
It might be expected, after t'ua remarks made by
th  gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Coíhins]
yesteiday, ¡hat he (Mr B ) should offer some ob-
«eryations upon the ques ion which tceupied the
lute of Lie commitipp, not up n tV b 11 hi der con-
sideraticp, but ufoa th-" quj ion w ch oc u ied
the ntterti n of Ihe commi ee
The genileman >-~d a^emdrd lo him what he
(Mr. B ) cheertu'ly toncec;"ii 'o tbi  p.n. letnan,
the n, tt' to ibirk for hurs  I, and to spe-dc for him-
self. Ihey ditlcred very .natrrnlli in th-i- \ ews
as to t->e courst oí the President of the Uni ed
States on tee sub] ct refened to, and as to ihe re-
sults of those vi-ws That, however, «ms a mat-
ter of opmu n, of judgment, and he (Mr B ) bad
no disposition to in'erioe w th ¡hat penilcm?n's
opinion, or with 'he exprcs ion t f it, nor did be
(VIr. B) me?n lo have Ai> cp m ^ or Ins jutlg-
ment, or the expression of ttto opinion- prr^sted,
(or arra gned b.pre, he thpnuei. n  gemlcman for
ihe word ) so loi   a, he v.as a Rtj, e entative
from the S'n'e of /trwiPia
The gentleman h,id not i"" ted, bi'f had chal-
lenged Pn argitment on this subject He (Mr B)
took the gentlemar at his w"rd—he 'ce°ruei ihe
challen?e, but not at ibis moment Yps ^rday he
!=ad said tha* the t'O.e had J ot yet arrived for it;
tut the lime would come, and v.hen it did, if h 
should be fortunate enough to be in bis place, (for
he was compelled by business which could not re
delayed or pos'pmed, to ijaT,e in a dav < r two for
New York, but he should inakr great efforts to be
here when t*.e second velo can e,) he \'0uId accept
the geatlenun'a cballer-e, and go i i'o the argu-
ment; and he would un^eaake to ^how that if the
gentleman him eli had not changed his opinions,
he at lea1-! \vs n it supporting tho e principles
wmch he (Mr B ) understood the gentleman to
have supported, if he supported Ihe principles
of the veto mes'-age. He (Mr B)uould un-
dertake to *ho« that "Tyler too," on wmch the
gentleman had } esterday laid so much emphasis,
was  not one of those principles.   He (Mr. B.)
