CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
080
found no such appendix to "Cushing's Life of Har-
rison "
Mr. B. had nothing more to say on this subject
at the present time, referir.Eg himself for the se-
cond veto when it came.
He desired, before he took his seat, to correct
the report (ia the Intelligencer) of yesterday'  pro-
ceediügi as far as he was concerned; and he took
pleasure in acquitting the Reporters of ali blame
for the inaccuracy. It is natural that mistakes
should be made, and he had been surprised at the
general correctness of tht-ir reports, running
through the proceedings of a whole day.
Bui he had said nothing yesterday, in reply to the
gentleman trom North Carolina, about scoring—
he had applied no such epithet to the gentleman,
as that he scored others or himself deserved scor-
ing. What he said was, (hat it was the privilege
of little men to scold, and the gentleman from
North Carolina never failed to avail himself of the
opportunity of scolding, and it seemed to matter
little wuh him whether he scolded friend or foe.
When he (Mr. B ) took the floor yesterday, as
must have been observed by the Hcu>e, he was
surrounded ' y his friends, who bes<;:d him not to
say any tiling hats'i or (ffensive "ia reply to the
gratuitous, era, as he though , unkind refeience
that had h m made by his f.ieud from North
Carolina [Mr. £.im\ly] to a puvate letter which
had been purloined (¡a the prets.
He (Mi. B ; retol/ed that he would not permit
any hasiy exp eosion that tell from a friend,   uh
whom (as he TOi absent) he would say, he had
foimed not only an intimate fnendsh'p from ten
mon'bV resuene' m tne same house, but whom he
recognised ai an honorable, high minded, intelli-
gent gentleman, though exceedingly excitable and
waspish, as the House knew—particularly when
he knew thr-t he had no puipo^e to gwe offence.
Bui there was another part of that report Mr
B. desired to coirect. He observed by the morn-
ing paper that the gentleman from Nonh Carolina
was reported as saying what he had not understood
him to tay on yesterday—though he might have
said it._
He says: "He '>as not heard of one solitary
Whi^f, in this House or out of it, who did not con-
demn the whole spirit of tnat letter."
Mr. B. did not know by what authority that
gentle-nan undercook to speak thus bioadly for the
whole party. His tmpies ion was a'different one;
he han heard many express regret tnat the letter
was published, &< h1 shou'd himself reg'et, except
that it was published by Mr. Ty er or ms friends
On the contrary, he knew of no Whig in the House
who dn not concur in tie sentiment therein ex-
pressed about '■heading" the President, m the sense
in which it is use!—toat it to ¡>.ay: to obtain the
signature cf the resident to a bank bilí, m order
to cut off an/ cannecon formed or con emplated
wuh the oppoM e ¡r -it>—°i '- rby h s signature to
the bil1 hat h-d p ^ed tms Houte, or his own bil1,
woich ' e bal , loposvd by wav ot head.tig him.
If lüeie wa-- a inen>'vr oí t'ie party who did not
desire to ob'aiu such a -guature, be hoped he
woriid now rise ai d slate it, and be would £ive
way ior tht puipost'. Thai, as he had said on
yesterrtfv, and ?s <*as known to tre whole party,
was his ¿ior e ot '•hesdin,:"— bough great willing-
ness bat been mamlested to make capital out of it.
Mr B. concluded wnn an app>al to the com-
mittee to pvstp< ne any further debate on political
matters: that tnev would return to the subject-
matter under consideration, aid pass the bill
projipuy. it w w t.ue to the credit of the Govern
mem, as wtil as to in suffering creditors, that this
should be done. Trw bill was a proper one, and
he should viie for it.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky then took the
floor. He mid that, «hen he had ri en to address
tne commit ee yesterday, it was with a view, i!
possible, of cabing back its attention lo the sab-
jpet before it. He had made an effort to do (his
some hours before h~ had obiained the floor, by call-
ing the gentleman frota Massachusetts [Mr.
Cdshing] to order; with what success th<s commit-
tee would not .¡ave forgotten. He trusted that
berealter the attention of the committee would
be confined to the subject under consideration.  So
far he had heard no discussion on ihis bill which
was in order. Tne honor of the Government and
the just claims of those uho had rendered services
toil, for wh ch they were jet unpaid, required
prompt acnon on this bill. Out of a mm cf four
hundred dollars due to one of his constituents lor
the serviceot two years and a half, only seventy-
nine dollars and seventy-six cent  had been paid—
and that a draft on a postmaster who had defaulted
and run away, as the records of the Department
would show. The individual having this claim
was an humble, poor man, who carried the mail
over a mountain county, on a little pony, and
who bad received in return for hi? labors only ihe
draft alluded to on a postmaster, who neither
was himself, or had sureties who were ever, worth
a red cent.
Who owed this- money, Mr. A.cared not. It was
the duty of Congress to provide for the payment of
honest claims upon the Government—and he ap-
pealed to the members of this House, as homst
men, to come forward and do so—wl eiher
they were Loco Focos,Abs,traGtionists, or Wh g . It
was their duty as honest men to pn-vide ihe means
for paymen'. He cared not, on the on.■ hand, by
what subterfuge payniLiit was witbheH. i was
not honest; and, on the cher, ha caivd not by
what mean?, whether bv loan or others is , or
from what department of the G jvernmTit the mo-
ney was paid, ali he wished was, that it shoi'M be
provided m Sotne way or other, and that withou
iurther delay.
Mr. WATTERSON sia'ed that he volel for
electors in 1836, who suprored J fcti T> !< ■ for
Vice Presid nt During the list P,es>d.->r,tial con-
test, not a word had ever falUn f'om his. ups, de o-
eatory to the pergonal or political character of Mr.
Tyler. He regarded bim as a States Rich's Re-
publican in fueling and in printípl , a d w,.s as-
tonished to find him in i'uch co npany as the party
who nominated and supported hid. In Mr. W '5
late canvass for Congress, he had repeatedly read
the opinions of Mr. Tyler from the stump, on all
the great leading questions of the day, such as a
Bank, Internal Improvement;, the Tariff &c. and
declared to his constituents, that if he (Mt. T.)
would stand up to his old prim ip'es, he would sup
port his Admmt.tration wuh great p ea^-ure. Most
happy would he be to have it in his power to do
so. The Democratic motto was 'Vrincip es not
men." If Mr Tyler's Administration should be
Republican, (and ins late veto is a most favorable
indication that it would b°,) he would be su«tam<
ed, gloriously and triumphantly susta.ned, by the
Demccracv of ihe whole Un'on.
Mr ANDREWS ot Kentucky called Mr. W. to
order for irrelevancy in debate.
The CHAIRMAN decided Mr. W. to op in
order.
Mr, ANDREWS appealed ¡ro-a the decision of
the Chair.
And on the question "S'mH the decision of the
Chair stand as toe judging' of ihe comtrt ej?" tV
vote stood—ayes 62, noes 51.
3ut no quorora vo'ed
Mr. ANDREWS asked that 'hat ff. m sht be
repotted 10 the XIous .
And 1hecom111f.ee h".\in? r^en, ihe Cia'rman
reported the faot that 'he cimmtttsc found rselt
without a quorum.
Mr. BOAR.DMAN m >ved % call oe t'^  '~r,¡<°
Some coi versátil n fo lowd; w.en the Speaker
having ascertained th" fact ,l>at a quorum wa- .'re-
sent—
The ChaiimaiiesunW ne -ea 11G mom tee oi
the While on t-s '-'ate if lie Ui'io<-.
Mr WATTERSON resumed i s t'ü'rb, and
continued until cut eff by tr.j arrival 0 the vu
ot twelve.
Ai wuch hour, the rpm. l'tee, in pur ".a ce ot
the order of th  House of th -> dr.v, .Ticeed'd
without further debate to vo e 01 the amendment*
pending or that misht be offered.
And ihe question being 01 ?gieeiig to the «mend-
men 1 of Mr. Gilmer, in the fol'owine words.
"Provided, That the money hereby appropriated snail be
accounted tor by the Post Office Bepartmrut heieafter, when
the condition of its funds sha 1 permr, and be refunded into
the Treasury, or deducted from any sums which the Post
Office Department may heretofore have paid into the Trea-
sury."
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the amendment
cf Mr. Gilmer, by striking out the latter part there 
of, in the following words:
' Or deducted from any sums which the Post O (Tice Depart,
mem may heretofore h ive paid mto tire Treasury."
The question being taken, trie vote stood—Ayes
75, noe."- 75; a tie.
Tne Chairman then voted in the negative ,and
the vote stood—Ayes 75, noes 76.
So the amendment to the amendment was re.
jected.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Gilmer, it was decided in the affirmative—
Ayes 107, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, moved to
amend the bill by ¡educing the amount appropriated
from $497,650 0 the sum of $347,000, and stated
that tnat was the amount that was really due.
Which amendment, by ayes 72, noes 79, was re-
jected.
Mr. McKAV then moved to strike out all after
the enacimg clause of tha bill, and insert the fol-
lowing:
''That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,
amhoiized, in case it is necessary to enable the PoatOiiice De-
partment to meet lis present engagements and pay its debts, to
cause a sum not exceeding three bundled and foriy-eeven thou-
sand dollars 01 the money which may be borrowed in execu-
tion of the act entitled 'An act authorizing atoan not exceed-
in  the sum of twelve millions of dollars,' approved July 21st,
1341, to be applied to the use of such Department for the pur-
pofces aforesaid, and to be reimbursable out of the accruing
lundi of the Deiaument, the said money to be accounted for
in the manner prescribed in the second section of the *act to
change the organization of the Post Ornee Depaitment, and to
provide moie eliectually for the settlement of the accounts
theieo: "passed July 2,1836 "
Wnu-n amendment, by ayes 60, noes 88, was
r<| >;ted.
On motion of Mt. BRIGGS, the committee
then lose, and reported the bill with the amend-
men. to the Bouse.
And the question being on concurring with the
Co '.mittee in us amendment, and ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading,
r r. BitlGGS moved the previous question.
And ihere was a second.
Mr. J. THOMPSON MASON asktd the yeas
and mjson ordering the mam question; which
were refused.
And ihe matn question was ordered to be taken.
And on the mam question (being first on oon-
curnn¿ w 'h the committee in its amendment,)
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina asked the
yeji"! and nav s whieh were ordered.
Mr. C. r^marlted that existing laws required
that an/ surplus m the Post Office Department
sttculd b; pid ¡r. 0 the Treasury, therefore the
amend.r>! nt 1 fiered b> the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [VI-. Gilmek] was unnecessary.
The j eas and nays were oidered, and, being ta-
ken, wer  as- fjllows:
YEAS— Mes*!". Alten, Arnold, Amngton, Atherton, Bab-
cock, Ilakti, Banks, Birtou, ijseson, Uidlack, Boardman,
ii 1- en iiu tt=, ilownj Uey<i, Brings, Hronson, A. V. Brown,
M Ruwi c Ji um, \VilUatn Buuvr, William O Butler, Tho .
J Conoh 1, 1 mij , Cuittemlen, I C. Clark, ¡5. N. Clarke,
Ct lui I, t iii, tvott> Cuwcn. Daniel, Richard 1> Davis,
Do   I"      >>>j r.a-nniin, hgbtrt.Ilveiett, Ferris, Fillmore,
I ih GT ,\ Chale  A Floyd, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry,
G.lmer. tT02£, ¡ P (x Goodt, Giaham, Green, Greig, Custme,
Hall, liamsT W s Hastings John Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Houch., Houston, Howard, Huhard, Hudson, Hunter, Ja .
Irvm, William W hwm, Jack, A Kennedy, Lawrence, Little-
nekl, Abtahdin McCiellan, Robert McCiellan, Maliory, Mar-
ch md,   Mason, T ,J. Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattock ,
Mo„re, Morean, Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne,Owsley,
Paiment-i, "Payne, Powell, Ramsey, Redmg, Rencher, Rey-
nold-- itiilaway, Roosevelt, Russeil, Sanford, Shaw, Shcppeid,
ai >un en, made, Smit 1, tsteenrod, Stofceley, Stratton, A II.
1! -juau. John T Stuart, Summers, Sumter, Sweney, Tom-
lin^oi, Tuni y. TJndenvood, Van Buren, Wallace, Waiterson,
\Vesthrook,T W Williams, Lewis V  llhams, and Christopher
II   Wihumi—121                               ,         „   ,   ,   .
M\S-Jlessis   Adams, L  W   Andrews, S. J  Andrews,
A\cu  , Bamaid, Bird~e>e, Black, John Campbell, Cam-
t r « Crin-.ton, Ciavens Cross, William C Dawson, Deberry,
Ii' n E'wail- A. L los."r, Go,don, Habersham, Halsted,
i ij'er-oil, Jame* Keim, J P Kero ty, King, Lane,Lmri, Max-
wi.ll Mavnaid Plornei, Benjamin -a 11.1,1,saltonstall,Snyder,
la jafeiro, J B TQiompsun, Rid. 1 I W. Thompson, Tilling-
ha- Toiaud. Tupien, Trumbull, Wellington, ED White,
J L White, J L Williams, Winthiop, Yorke, A. Young, and
t dm Young—47                                        ,
So ¡he amendment was concurred in.
And the b'U was o.dered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time, and the
question being "Shall the bill pass?"
Mi. SNYDER having called for the yeas and
nays, ¡t was decided in the affirmative—yeas 127,
nays 48.
