§92
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
session of Congress he shall cauee the names of the members
and the numbers to be drawn alternately, and that each mem
bar shall be"entitled to occupy the desk the number of which is
drawn next after his name, for one session
Mr. MORGAN objected to the resolution. He
had a very good seat, he said, and had no desire to
change it.
Mr. HOPKINS (who has also a very promi-
nent seat) likewise objected.
Item.—-Several other members equally well "situ-
ated."
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rule,
to enable the gentleman from South Carolina to
offer the resolution.
  The SPEAKER said such a motion was not in
order; being especially prohibited, during the
morning hour, by a rule adopted at the present
session.
Mr CAMPBELL then withdrew his resolution,
but with the intention of offering it hereafter when
in order.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
On motion of Mr. DAWSON of Georgia, the
House resolved into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Sheppbrd of North
Carolina in the chair.)
And, on motion of Mr. D. the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following bill-
A BILL making further provision for the supptesoion of Indian
hostilities in FIoi la
Be it enacted, &c That the first second thud, fouith, fifth,
and sixth sections of the act authotizingthe Pitr-idcnt ol tno
United States to accept the eervict of vilunteus, approve 1
May the 23J, 1836, be and the same hereby ai o íevivedand
continued in force for the term of two years fiom the passage
of this act Provided, That not mort. than two thousand five
hundied men shall be received into the service undi r the sjid
revived act, and that their services shall be confined to the
suppression of hostilities in Florida and us neig iboihuod
Mr. DAWSON said th.u tins bill it id oten re-
ported, on leave, by the Delegation (torn Florida,
[Mr. Levy] and that it had been r< ferred to the
Committee on Military Affair*. Tie cocimu'ee
had investigated the subject, and hail been the
great propriety of placing in the hands of the Pre-
sident the power here provided for. It was a pow-
er which the President had possess d It r many
years past, with the exception of me last T„e bu I
merely revived the law of 1836, authonz ng ths
President to accept the service oí volunteers in ca^e
oí emergency, thus preventing the necessity oí the
States calling them oat according to the r judg-
ment, as it was known that a number had heretofore
been called out by thern unnecessarily And great
expense would be saved.
Mr. BRIGGS a^ked for the reading of those
parts of the act of 1836 which the present bill pro-
posed to revive.
And they were read by the C'erk.
Mr. DAWSON then said he had been under the
impression, when he had called this bill up, that
the Delegate from Florida |Mr Levy] vas in his
seat. He (Mr. D) had merely diiclarsed hi 
duty as chairman of the Committee on Mil tary
Affairs in calling it up But m the absence of the
Delegate, he would now Move that ti e bill be laid
aside for the present.
And, by common consent, the bill was lind
aside.
PUBLIC  DEFENCES
On  motion  of Mr. DAWSON, of Georgia, t'-e
committee proceeded to  the consideration oi L.e
following bill.
"A BILL making appropriations^ purchase sue ^ id to make
certain surv ya, and for othei pulp ^ s
"Beitenacted Qc That the following mm s he, aid the
same are hereby, appropriated, to he pail out nfany nnap
propnated money m the Tieasury, foi the f-)H wing puiposov
to wit
"For the purchase of the foits and batters te'ongitg to the
State of New York, on Staten Island Newlork h trbor, an 1
for purchasing from the State me land on whic \ they art, situ
ated, «33 300
"Also, the further sum, for part ally repairing and putting in
condition for immediate service the aíoresa (I forts and batte
nes ofS33,000
"For the purchase of a site at or nearfth" outlet of Lake
OhampUiu, SIS 000
"Forme purchase of a site ator near TMrol' mth-State of
Michigan, for defensive works and baria ks «sit10))
'For the purchase of a sue, and for Iwrraiks ind defensive
works, at or near Buffalo, New York, % 10 000
* _,"For the 8urveys of the delta of the Mississippi, and Sollers's
Flats, on the Patapsco over, $30,000 "
And the bill having been read__
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend it by stnk-
U1S.0UV    followiuS Hems of appropriation:
"For the purchase ol a site at or near Detroit, in the State of
Michigan, for defensive works and barracks, 810,000
1 For the purchase of a site, and for bai racks and defensive
works, at or near Buffalo, New York, ¡810,000 "
Í he motion being agreed to, thi>se items were
stiuck out: Mr. Fillmore having aligned, a«¡ his
reason for the motion, lhat tnese appropriations
wete provided for ,n the bill which had recently
passed both Houses of Congress, and which is
generally known as the Fortification bill.
In reference to thf followins items, to wit:
'Tor the purchase of the forts and batteries belonging to the
State of New \ oik, on ¡Maten Island, New York harbor, and
ioi purchasing from the State the land on which they aie situ
ated «33 300
"Also, the fuither sum, for paitially lepairing and putting m
condition foi immediate service the aloresaid fottsaud batenes,
of $33 000 "
Mr. DAWSON expressed some donb.s which
had arisen in his Bund as the propriety of the ap-
propriation for the purchase of the fortifications,
arising out of certain information which he tound
in a book entitled "Revolutionary Claims." He
there found that in the adjustment of accounts be-
tween the United Slates and the several S ates,
after the Revolutionary war, the Slate of New
York was found indebted to the General Govern-
ment in the sum of upwards of two millions of
dollars; and that thi¡ amount of indebtedness from
the Sia'e to the General Government was to be ex-
pended in the erection of fortifications
Mr. D went into some statement on this head,
which were discussed (in some cmfusion) by
Messrs. FERRIS, McKAY, FILLMORE, EVE-
RETT, and LINN, and a number of documents
were read
Mi. McKAY moved 'o strike out the two items
above slated, [with a view to move, in the Home,
u. i commitment of the bill, 'hat the point raised
by Mr Dawson might be further examined ]
Mr. FILL tiORE was prcpated to show, he said,
from abundant evidence, that not < ne cent of ihe
sum here intended lo be appropriated was for for-
tifications—it «as simply consideration money for
the land its If.
On motion ot Mr TILLINGHAST, the bill,
without any action being had upon it beyond that
above stated, was laid aside
[Whilst ihe last-mentioned bill was under eonsi-
deiation, the Speikeb resumed the Chair informal-
ly, for the purpose of receiving a message from the
Senate, through A. Dickens, esq. Secre ary, i i-
f >rming this House—
M That the Senate had passed the bill to ap-
propriate for a limited trne the proceed, ot the
s„ks, i f the public lands, and to grant preemption
ii ! ts, with certain, a nendments, m which the con-
currence of this H use was asked
2dly Thot the Senate had 'oncurrcd in the joint
lesolution of theHous°, providing for the disin-
outoii  ot thi" printed returns of the s tth tensus,
id.. n . merd'nent, m vhich the concurrence of
ti> s Ko i „ "i is as ,<.d
3tn/ Trial ihe President of ihe Um'ed S ates
had ">ío.meií ti e S n.te that he had < np oved and
'igii^d the loi'owirg-
A bill to revive andtx'end for a 1 united time
the cnarter.. of ceita n banks in the District oí Co-
in nbia
A joint resolution in relation to the light-boats
on BartteU'a ictf &c]
LAND BILL.
The! ies--age hiving been received, Mr BRIGG3
Mov-dlh.it 'he Land bill, with the amendraeMs,
be referre' to the Conmuiee^n Puthc Land--, and
that ti e amendmeois be prm ed.
-Vr. BERNARD suggested whether it was ne-
cessary to r^fcr the bill at all?
Mr. BRIGGS moJ fkd his motion so &s to con-
fin  it to ihe printing at ne
Mr. ROOSEVELV and Mr TURNEY called
for trie reading ot  trie aaiendmen's
Mr. GORDON moved that tr-e bi.l he mads the
order of ihe t ay for Monuay.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of the Speaker if this
proceeding was resillar?
The SPEAKER said it was not; it was only en-
tertained under general acquiescence.
Mr. ATHERTON desired to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. FILLMORE thought the House bad better
proceed tegular!}; and he suggested that there was
"  no necessity for the motion to print, as the amend-
]  ments had already been printed by order of the Se-
nate, and laid on tae tables of the members of the
Hou«e.
The amendments were then read
Mr AARON V BROWN moved to make the
bill the special order ot the day for Monday. That
would allow time to the members to compare the
bill with the amendments.
The SPEAKER said ihe motion would require a
vote of two-lhirds
Mr. BROWN was in hopes, he said, that such a
votemiKht be obtained.
Mr BRIGGS said that this was a House bill,
that it would be first in the order of business, and
tha'the House might take it up at any moment.
He thought, however, it would be better that the
bill should be referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
And Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland made that
motion.
Mr. ATHERON desired to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said it ivas only by the acqui-
escence of the House th t the subject was enter 
tailed at all this time.
Mr. ATHERTON objected, he said, unless he
was permitted to offer an amendment.
Mr. BRIGGS submitted that it it was too late to
make the objection. And Mr. B said that, as
there seemed to be some opposition to his motion to
print, he was willing to withdraw it.
Mr. ATHERTON persisting in his objection, the
conversation dropped
And Mr SHEPPERD resume 1 the chair in
Committee of ihe Whale on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr TILLINGHAST, the commit-
te  proceeded to the consideration of tne following
joint resolution:
JOIST EESOI ÜTION for the distribution of seven hundred
copies of the Digest ol Patents
Resolved, tyc Tim the Commissioner ol Patents he direUed
to send to the aectetary of Slate of each of the Stales of this
Union, and of the Tt intones of Florida, Wi&consm, and Iowa,
the Digest of Patents, punted by the Commissioner of Patents,
under the act ol Con_,rejs dated March thud, one thousand
eighthundted -nd tinny nine to be disposed of as the Legisla
lutes ol each fc a eand Territory may direct, viz
To the sta'esol —
Mame                          20 copies  s*outh Carolina     - 24 coplea
N      Hampihl e     - 10     do     Georgia      -           - 28    do
Massachusetts             30    do    Kentucky                  31     do
Knode Island            •   4     do     Tennessee  -           - 33     do
(onnecticut                 li     do     Ohio                          61     do
Vermont                   - ] l    do    Lo usiana                  14    do
New York                   98     do     Indiana       -              23     do
'sew lert,"y                 15     do     Mis i=s.ppi             - 15     do
Pennsylvania           - 69     do     Illinois        -              21     do
Delaware                      4     do    Alabama                   24    do
Maryland                    19     do     Mi souu                  - lb     do
Vngnna]                      CO     do     Arkansas                    5     do
North Caiohna           39    do    Michigan                -   9    do
lothe lerntoiier-of—
rior da                         3 copies  Iowa           -           -   3 copies
Wisconsin                     2     t o
Bt nig, m the \\ hele seven him h ed copies and that the remain-
ing t\\ o hundí ed cot ie^ ot said Digest be leit with the Libran
ait oft <m le s for futuie dispo ition
liesolvrd That the onm ol the hundred and twelve dollars
an J tuny eight cents be paid horn the Patent fund to reimbuise
rfhat is sl 11 due tor publishing ^aid Di£esl
The bill, and a le.ter iroot the Commissioner of
th  Patent Offi  , havirs; been read—
Mr TiLLINGFASr made a brief explana-
tion
When, no imend.iiert being o"' red, the reso-
lution was laid aside, to be repor ed to the House.
FOREIGN MISSIONS
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee pro-
ceed to ih  consideiauonuf House bill No 17, en-
titled 'A till makirg sppronriütiops for outfits and
salines of diplomatic agents."
On which mo'ioii the vote stood—ayes 60, noes
48
No quorum voimg.
O i motion of Mr LEWIS WILLIAM3, the
committee rose, and the chairman reported the fact
to the House.
¡V'r FILLMORE moved a call of the House.
Mr. Sl'EENROD a-ked the yeas and nays;
which were oidered, and be,ng taken, were—yeas
102, nays 57.
So a call of the House was ordered
But, on motion oí Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky,
a quorum being now present, no proceedings on
the call were had.
The Chairman then resumed his seat in Com 
mittee of tne Whole on the slats of the Union,
