CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           39?
, if the selection were left to the President, it would
be left to a Secretary, who in turn would leave it
to a head of a bureau, when, in a matter so
important, Congress should re am control. Be-
sides, $75,000 for the purchase of a *ite wa« a most
enormous price, and looked like a job to somebody
who had property to sell at ten times its value;
and then all that money was only for a commence-
ment.
Mr. BENTON would «ay, in reply to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, that, unless Congre-;  gave the
power to ihe Executive, it would be impossible for
any selection to be made. An armory to supply
ihe great West will arms was much needed, and
he did not expect to find it opposed by any West-
ern Senate-
Mr. BUCHANAN thought that, in a body hke
the House of Representa ives, (composed as it was
of «o mat y members, all naturally desirous to
have the location where it would be most desirable
to their eoastituents,) it wo"ld be ¡ erfecily ridicu-
lous to suppose t'iat a Ucition could be made
He was m Savor 01 msis mg on the an>r>drrunt,
leaving the «election to Executive discretion.
Mr. CLA.Y «aid that the West hal been narped
upon, as ihoii£b-ih<s was a gr it boon to the West, I
when every Whig Reprtsenutive excevt two ivd
voted agairst it. He had no par'ieular ohj°c ion
to Pittsburg, but m case of a crtam horrible
event, which he did not apprehtnd, but "hth
sometimes forced itself on the íiuagma ion, where
would be the armor)? At Pittsburg, an eastern
city at the head of a river which had been saiáÉ>y
Mr. Randolph to be dried up all summer and
froz-n up all winter. He was opposed to it trom
the state of the Treasury—he was opposed to it
from the enormity of the pne-—he was opposed
to it because, mst ad of dec Ung by Congress
where tne location should be, it would, tí 1-ft to
the Executive, be left to the head of a bureau.
Mr. BUCHANAN sa d, somehow or other, it
was alwayt. his fate to be d'aun inti an argument
with ihe Set ator from Kentucky, when h  did not
anticípale it. With regard to the Whigs vonng
against the measure, it might be a very good argu-
ment for his political friends, but a very bad one
for his, (Mr. B's,) but if they went in opposition to
the Whigs,, they could not be far wrong. Why
had the Senator assailed Put barg? He (Mr. B.)
said no'hmg about Pi'tsburg.
Mr CLAY No; but you were thm'nng about it.
Mr. BUCHANAN No, lias not; but Í was
thinking of a great Whig «"e^t r>g « hi-h was re-
cently called there, f >r ihe purpo-  of c'ennmeinz
their representative in the o h-r end ot th  Capital
for voting against a certain FVseali y, anl msiead
of censuring, tw -thirds of the meet ng anproved of
that vote, thus sustaining the veto of President Ty-
ler m advance. Was Pittsburg to be denounced
because the Senator from Ken'u ky feared that the
Executive might, in his dis ration, select it for a
si'e for a Western armo 1? He had never be^n in
favor of trusting too mccli to Even \vc d scretion;
but surely the Senator could p ace this mucti con-
fidence in his own President.
Mr MOREHE\D spoie against insisting on
the amendment It th" amendment was intended
for the benefit of the West, Pittsburg would not an-
swer for tha* púnese.
Mr. HENDERSON thorght if the vi°ws of the
President <n git be ex ended l,f 00 m i s b yond
Pittsburg, and still find eligible locations, the,?
could be no object in having one at Pmshurg for
the benefit of the West, when tha' at Harper's
Ferry was so near
Mr. ALLEN said he be! eved the e never had
been a diversity of opinion on the question of the
ptoprie y of having an srmory estabhshr ' Th'
difficulty in the way had been ia selecting a prope'-
spot at which it should b  established, and bat ori-
ginated from two circum lances- first, b°e?use
there was such a number of proper ?md eligible
spits, and, secondly, becsuse the Western coun ly
was so very extensive. Now, n th s aigumTt, t
seamed to be assumed thai ihis work was to be es-
tablished a' Pmtbur . What was meant bv the
Western country ? "When they spoke of the Wes'-
ern coumry, they meant that body of earth ext=ud-
tng from the Alleghany to the Rocky Mountains,
and from the Lake of the Woods to the Gulf of
Mexico, and on which vast empire there were in-
numerable eligib'e sites for a work of this descrip-
tion. It was estimated that the President would
select the particular point of Pittsburg; and, there-
fore, Pittsburg not beine a proper point, this bill
ought not to be pasted Why hould not Pittsbnip,
in the judgment of the Senate, b" selected? Be
cause it was too high up the r.,7er, as had been
said; because it was on a river which had been de-
scribed very unjustly, as beirg unnavigable the
most of the year. The argument of the too Se-
nators from Ken'ucky insisted that Pittsburg
was not a proper pl?ce, and that the Piesident
will select it m preference to the oth r places;
which amounted to 'his, that the President would
do the very 'hmg wh ch is wron  Now, whether
that were \eiy c mrt ous to the Pieside t, it was
net for him to sav, whether it were proper for them
to dechre, as one branch i f th-1 Government that
they world not al'ow the President to use his dis
crelion m this matter, because hewi'l ab íse it, and
that in a moit shameful manner, was a question
rot for him to decide; but the very argument
sgainst Pittsburg, instead of amounting to a reason
aga n t th s appropriation, and in this form, is a
rosoli for it Toey saw that no two Senators here
could aoree as to the particular pom1, «ome of
them indicated Pd'sbiirt* as a proper place, and tf
other p'ac-s we e brought in revie-v, there would
be, perhaps, as rnuen variety cf opinion h^re as
. there were representat ves of the S ates beyond the
mountains Th s was the reason w v th s work
iiaj not prev ously been commenc d—because
there are so many points, ar d ihe Western coup ry
is so large; 'h s was the ntcessary reason why ihe
se ection ougKt to be conmitied to th° Piesiden —
b'cause he rcpresenls eqaally all parts of the R -
public, and because he 11 in i p si'ion to give
more impirtia'i y to the measure thin Congress
can. The argument afaifl lea-ting it to the Pre-
s dent was ?n argument against establishing it. be
cause it was manliest thit, without leaving it to
him, they never could have the armory. Pittsburg
had reiouices, and noble resources, wmch would
mak it a proper place in this particular; yet Us
locality, in K> judgment, was not the be*t; ihere
weie points on the O do river, far from Pi tsburg,
more elegib'e He would name the mouih of ihe
Sciota, at the mouth of the Ohio canal, wmch was
the centre of one of the nch st iron ranges in the
cncntr>; .vd this; Govenimen', hav.ng agreed wnh
the Oh o C nal Company for the tran portation of
all us armaments, u would enable them to send
their arms fro 11 the mouth of the cara' i"to Lake
Erie, and spread them a'l over the Noithwest, free
of charge. Resile, 11 is m the midst of ore of the
finest gram growing countries on the face of the
earth, where provisions are cheap, and v here the
labor required can be ob'amed cheap as else-
where.
He mentioned this to show the impracticability .
of Sena'ors agreeng on this poi it Every Sena-
tor, if the point of locati n were to be fixed in the
bil', vioa'd vote for some particular spot, which
would bp confined to tne limits of bis Staie, and tn
th  gcner-1 ¡,uu<" lc, the prono1- tion would fad.
He named these leasons, not mil a v> w ofir-
fiuenung the Preside't, n thislil >houl 1 be pa->-d,
but to shoi" the utt r ¡mpraci c btlilj of P'pators
agreeing on any point, Mid tbnt 'ore, tha the vote
a'ain t b-aving it iO Exec u ive deletion «as a
vole against the e tabh bment cf the v ork, and
rer.ee ajatnst (he unanmous sense of Congress,
for he believed at no time had there Been a vote
w'i ch g<ive ind rations of opposition to an appro-
priation for a Western armorv «om ^n h"=re or oiher,
bat, <n the on'rarv, Congress had loog b--en
agreed on the utility of an armory, and 1 s location
alone had de eircd them from making it
B t suppose the wrk were esiallr-hid a Pitts-
burgh, at the mou h ot the Scioto, o- at Cincinrai ,
would that preclud  me establishment -it similar
work lower down tne Val'e" of the Missssipp"
> nd ou"bt ihey to be told that whilst m 11 iris were
sqjandeied for the benelt of British b nk rs, it
ka, a matter of too giest importance to appio-
priate for the defence of th country, in
this form?   This matter w as treated as though it
were a boon to the Western country; it was no
inch ih ng; because, in a queétion of war, this
country bad no parts—it was an mhteity. We
knew no North, or East, or South, or West; we
are one for the defence of our country aga nst fo-
reign aggressions; and this armory ought to be
looked en as a national measure, created for the
defence of the Republic. Establish an armory at
the lower end of the valley, and another at the
other end, and what was the reason against five,
ten, or fifty more, if necessary to manufacture
arm ? A question might be mad« about the ex-
pense, but they now had to transport their arms so
great a distance that the expense of it amounted to
tne first cost of the armo, themselves Every por-
tion of the country should be able to furnish its own
aims, and had a right to have withm Uiown boun-
daries tht  means of its own defence. By the Ccn-
stitu ion, all the parts of the Union were compelled
to rally aiound the endangered point, in case of an
inoUirecaon, but an insurrection might be tnsti-
ga'el, snd thousands might be murdered before
help could be invoked from any quarter. It
seemed to (vm that they were Heating this subjret
&« though we were as little & Republic as Athens,
or as one of the counties in his Siate, instead of
remembering the (act, thit if a line were ex'ended
around ihe States and Territories of this Republic,
that line would be eight thousand miles in length;
and yet i>ey wer° quibbling about ti e locality of ihe
thing They wt re erecting a national armory ! and
mikn s the small point, the difficulty #f l's location,
an e>ci e as a question cf preparing 10 defend the
honor anf rights of the Union, and to defy those
who were searching and scraping the very bottom
of their Treasury, to get money with which to
corrupt, demoialize, and subsidz' this country.
He did notexpeel this opposition would come from
beyond tie mountains Not that he viewed this
as a mere local measure; because in a question of
national defence, he knew no parts in this country
__no r ne part as being distinct from another; he
viewpd the country as an enlireity, as a whole,
containing parts for local purposes, but no parts
for defence against an armed world without. It
seemed to him, the 1, there could be no propriety
m defeating this measure.
As foi the vote from the West wh ch had been
referred to, he had nothing to *ay about it; he pre-
sumed that all the Representatives from the West
did not vote aga>nst th.s appropriation. He had
noi examined the jonrna1; it had been said that a
1 portion oí those Representatives did vote against
it, and thii portion had been characterized by its
p'rty color, thus making a question of national
defence turn on the yellow or green livery of party,
and that the Whigs of the House, of the Senate,
or of the Union, had arrayed themselves against
an effort to put their country in a state of defence
in a case of threatened danger
He presumed the gentlemen who  voted against
it had their reasons for 1*; but he protested against
a party vote bnng mtroduc-d  any where as a rea-
son why this country chould not be prepared for a
state of peril  to which they  are exposed; and he
did not dis'rust the Pres dent o   the United States
in t'ns mat'e'.    He would cot suppose  ihat the
Chief   Executive  of 'bis   country   would be  m-
fljenc-d by any low rnd pa'try considerations in
tne estibl sb.nent of this public  work, intended to
ma~u.'aaore arms for the defence of the coaniry.
Seo4tors on the other side hnd reposed a  good
deal „f confidence 1.1 a P esident not elected  by
themselves    H- «nw once a bill to place the en-
tire pbys cal force of th's country at the call of the
P,portent of the United Sta'es—to place fifty thou-
sand volunteers, an Í millions of money, and a
power to invoke all   the enrolled mditia of  the
Ui.cn tinder his control, an J no check or restraint
I   vv a'ever was plased on him    H  al uded to (he
' ■ 1 pi s<-d ru'ng Mr. Van Buren', term of ser-
*ic\   Tn le was sn muñere di cussion on 1'.   It
was 11 "onter on him the power which me Roman
Sc i?te conferred on the Consul, wh<eh provided that
t'i Cons'il,for the tinv named,"ouU "ta¿e care that
Ihe Republic receive no detriment." Tt,u placea the
physical    power    of    th    Republic—the   trea-
su'e     and    muscle     of    all    Rome—it     the
disposal of his will.   We passed ¡ust saca a law
