#ég                                         CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a* this some time ago, when there was no de-
mWd made for the release of McLeod. Yes, be-
fore the British Government took the fearful step
of&.demánd for the surrender of a British culprit,
wiih a threat of the consequences, in case of a
failure ón our part to comply with their demand,
and before other aggressions, which have since
taken place on the part of the British Government,
were known to the country, the Senate and House
of Representatives deemed pface so precarious,
and the prospect of warsoimminent,that (he Whin
party united with the Democratic party, and placed
th;3 power of ihe Government in the band-s of the
Demotratic Pie;idem; and, by that vote, contra-
dicted every chargefdiat was made of a wantof con-
fidence in the man; and they expelled that man
from office on the charge of having conducted the
Government with a view totheaggrandiseasent and
establishment of his own honor, after having put
the sword, burni-hed and sharpened, and a'so the
purse, in his hands, putiirig jour bodies and your
capital in bis hands, leaving him the sole auihod
ty to defend the Government against its enemies.
He remembered the passage of that bill, and felt a
sudden tremor pass over him, when it wss pas-
sed; yet when he saw the voles of gentleme: ,
who were opposed to Mr. Van Buren, wh-n he
saw them come up, and for the defence of the
country, consent to put ihe power of the sword
and purse in the hands of Mr. Van Buren, he said
to his friends around him, "that this is the great-
est compliment this Government ever conferred on
mortal man, since ihe days of Washington " '
Having done ihw, would the gentlemen, who
were yet,wet with the perspiration from the cm-
test by which the present Executive was placed in
power, would they now at the expiration of this
extraotdmary session, say to this country,
that you who have thus conferred this honor
on the Executive, so much distrust the propriely
of your own act, and ¡he judgment of the Eiecu-
cutive, who vas your candidate, and that a Whig
Congress cannot, though ihey Iwve armed a D>-
mocraticFre-ident with all the power of the Re-
public, yet a Whig Congress casmot trust a Whig
President with the seleciion of a site for a Nation-
al armory? No; he hoped not. He did not dis-
trust him. He would distrust no President of any
party with the exercise of discretion like this, be-
cause he believed,whatever might have been the
man before his elevation, that very elevation wou'd
render him wholly unable to stoop to a work so
base as to be ii.fluenced by any sectional motives
in its selec'ion. No, he would not distrust the
President of the Uniied S'ates in this mailer.
MHe believed, therefore, that ihe reason given
against this appi'opriat.ot! was unsound, and
its effect wouid be to defeat tlic propo-
sition altegeiher; and then they would
continue to pay for ihe transportation of
arms, more than one half ih'ir oii inal cost, in-
stead of letting the West manufacture them for
themselves, if thry wanted to strengthen the
bonds of the Union, they must not resort to local
measures on a question of national defence. Let
them take the map of the republic, examin,? it
carefully, see where prudence and economy in re-
ference to the wants of the whole country, require
this work to be located; if at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, or P.t the mouth of the Missouri, of the
Ohio, or of the Scio'o, let it be placed there; if it
ought to be placed on ¡he ^hore of Lake Erie, put
it there; but he protested against any person vot-
ing against this appropriation from a want of con-
fidence in the Execuive discretion, or in the mat-
ter of its location.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Cut] has ci.'ed the vole cf the Western
"Whig members ia ths House of Representatives
against this armory, and relies upon that vote as
an argument against it here. Tnis is irregular.
The votes of member': in 3ne Hou-e cannot bz
quoted in another. Iti<forbilby our rule , and
that for the sake of harmony and fair leeiM :<v n,
and to prevent crimination and reerimmviin be-
tween the two Hou es. The gentleman quotes the
Western Whig vole of the House of Representa
lives, and presents it as an argument against this
armory: it I reply to this argument, and say a
ward in answer to those gentlemen,and their vote,
it would be a breach of order, for which I should
be called to order. I shall, ¡bereforp, make no re-
ply whatever to t'.is qu >tution of v >o:s from the
Western Whig members of the other House. I
proceed to the merits of the question.
The t.vo Senators from Kentucky, [\ies«rs.
Clay and Morbhead] treat this as a Pittsburg
ques ion, and speak against the appropriation be-
eau.-s they assume that Pittsburg is to have the
armory. This is assumption, not only without
evidence but against it. The anDropriau'on re-
quires ¡he armory to be in ihe West, the Nortb-
wes', or Sou''jwest. This opens ths whole valley
oí Mississippi, and r:o more touches Pittsburg
than any other point. Pittsburg is not named, nor
alluded to. She can only take her ch?.nce among
all the rest. She w 11 be only  ne site to be sub-
jected to examination and seleciion wiih the rest.
And how will that stand? We hav2 a doeumentupon
'his subject—a roo.t masiejy wotk, which I have
oft-*n quoted before—-vvch shows ¡ha' ihe eminent
feoar^! of engineers, [Col. McRee, C;l. Talco't, and
Major Lee] who reported up:m Weptcn sites fif-
teen yeais ago, reported favorably on no
less than five either within, or adjoining
Kentucky; so t'.iat it is, upon the record,
far more a Kentucky question thsn a Pittsbu'g
question. I have this document before me, and
will show you that, out oí eleven sites which it
reports upon, five are eiiher within the limits of '
Kentucky, or immediately on its line, and practi-
cally the same as if within it. These site  ar-1: one
below Sbippingpor1; one above, that plac—both
bein; at ibe Falls pf the Ohio, and on ihe Ken-
tucky side; a third is on L'cking river, within ¡lis
limits of Kentucky; the fourth i^ below Jefler*on-
vilie, at ihe Fails of the Ohio, on the Indiana sid-,
on the Kentucky line—for the line of Kentucky
goes to low water mark on the Indiana si 'e; the
fifih site is at the North Bend, the home of the la'e
Gener-il Hatrtso , or> the Ohio river, and o<\ the
KiV'tufky ¡in , which, be:ng the ea^ie with that of
Virginia, rrachps lo low water mark on ths left
bank of the ¡ivc-r. Thus Kentucky has five sites
reported upon, and Pittsburg but one; so that, up-
on ihe record, this is five times more a Kentucky
question than a question of Pittsburg. It is not a
local question; but it is a question of the whole
West; and in that point of view alone, should a
statesman look at it. The report which I hold in
my hand embraces elev.n sites; it was made some
fit tern }ears ago, and did not include Missouri, or
the States on tin Missis up pi river, within its scope,
because their iron and coal resources were then
unknown. Before a selection s hall be mad.", these
S'ates will of course be sxsmired, tlie'r grea' re-
sources hem,' no?/known. Among the siles re-
ported upon, in addri 'n to tho'e mentioned, are
ibe narrow,' of Harcufh, in Tennessee; Cvpress
'Creek, ia Ai.ib^ni; Zinesviüe, ja Ohio; and Big
Beaver, and the Y-ughiosheny, in Pen'isyh. arda.
Thus stands ths tepnrt; eleven Western sites re-
ported upen, and ihe banks of the Mississippi, and
the regions <f ihe Metrimac, the Gasconade, and
the Osage, and others stream* yet to b.' examined,
The amount cf the appropriation, $75,000 , has
been objected to a>. f'o large by the Senators from
Kentucky; hut on exammii g 'hp document which
5 have before me, it will b' s;en to be a very pro-
per ftim, and such as ought lo be inserted, because
it might be nc-es'ary to purchase ?n improved
sue, wrrre the improvements would deduct so
much fn m ¡h; c«t of future buildings. Toe re-
port made by 'h* B v.rd of Engineers shows that'a
sre mi^ht he purchased as low as §1.200, while
ano'her would cost above $100 000, according to
locality an i impr-vecicn's. Tais is t'-.elr report,
bdh upon the cost of sues, and the expense of the
sut eouent elections:
LkciHU'h.                          Ctftofnle.    Cost of Armories
Cypress Creek. Alabama,             $15,00.)                s'-íUiüó
Hai,ieth Nal rows, Tennessee,        10000                 357.940
Below Sluppinaporc, K-ntucfcy,     12 500                 397.S13
Above           <!o                 do            105,001                   505 067
Licking river,                 du               fj.400                 313.535
North Bend, Ohio,                           1 > Soil                 374,572
Zwesvitle,      do                              s.'COO                  at-\9'3
Big Beaver. Pennsylvania.              43 000                 279,849
YouKliiogfny,      ;*>                         1.2S0                 201.699
Pittsburg,              do                                                  225,979
Such is their report upon the cost of sites, and
the costof the erections upon them. At several of
the fites there are dams, buildings, fixtures, steam-
engines, &c. which would be available in ihe con-
struction of the armory. The sum of $75,000 is o
seasonable limit to meet such cases; but a mere
risked site, it is seen, wou'd cost but a small p*rt
of the sum. In the State of Missouri a site, unless
an improved one should be selected, would cost but
little; and reserves oí public land would supply
wood.
Ths proposition, Mr. President, of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] to make, the selection
in Congress, is a proposition, whatever the institu-
tion may be, to defeat the measure. The effect of
it is death to the measure. Teat we all know per-
fectly well—twenty five years of experience has
proved that. The mom-nt you attempt to fix it in
Congress, every nnnber votes for a place in his
own S.'a'e. No one will support a bill to take it
any where but in his own State. This has been
proved to us by the sad experience of twenty-five
years. For a quarter of a century, we have r-plit
upon that ro?k; and the friends of the measure do
not mean to split upon it again. The friends of
the Western armory are now united upon the plan,
a¡ d the only plan, which can ever accompli h ths
gecat Western object; and tn,\t is, to leave the se-
lec'ion of the site to the President of the United
Slates. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
says this would be to leave it to sorre bur<-au
offi-.er at this place.—that the selection would be
m4fe by some subaltern here. Not ío the fact.
Espeiience, a knowledge of the course of business,
and a decent regard (or ihe character of the Presi-
dent, foibid the belief. Our experience is, that a
board of engineers—men of skill and charactei—
will be sent to the West to examine sites, and to
report upon their respective merits, both pestively
and comparatively. This is the way it has been
done heretofore—this is the way the reports were
made by Colonel McRee, Colonel Talcott, ar.d
Major Lee. They went to the country, were em-
ployed t«-o yea'S/in ihe work, itid mal<" repcris
which show the highest and most laborious degieg
of research, and evince the utmost impartiality.
This is our experience. The course of business,
we know, requires the men to be employed who
are acquainted with the subject—whose studies an 1
pursuits make them master of it. This is a mili-
tary subject—it connects itself wiih the army.
Officers of the army will be taken for it—the
engineers proper, or the topographical engineers,
or the ordnance, would be the officers employed.
We all know this and that a board would be
constituted, aid sent out to examine Ihe country,
and decide (rom actual examination*. We :J!
kn w this: then why tii. a.Tec'ed aWm abjura
bureau officer io Wasiiington? A decent regar ' for
ths President'.- character forbids the btlief that he
woold vioiae precedent, depart from the course
of business, act blindly, recklessly, and commit
'hi* business to a subaltern in Washing'rn We
hadas well suppose he would decide the srlecion
by lot—draw straws for i'—the lor.gest straw t.>
take it—or, throw up, crots and pile.
Sir, I cannot reply to the argument derived from
the vote of the Whig members of ihe other House.
It was unparliamentary to mention that vote here.
Oar roles iorb'.d me to remark upon it; and jou,
Mr. President, would call me to order if I did.
Bat I can lemark upon the character of such an
argume.t'—an irgument which makes a party
question oí a measure of national defence—and
which exhibits Whigery on ihe wrong side of that
question, Party ought to be kept out of such a
subjeci ! Party ought to hush its selfKh voice on
such a subject ! Party should sdll i!s ore s d-.'d
pa^ions on s,ach a subjec ! What! Western
Wh.gery opposed to a Wes.ern armory.' and
this opposition to be gravely quoted m the Ame-
rican Senate, a* an rrgumenl against, ihe measure.
Well, and j,i-,tly, Ins the Seaator from Ohio, [Mr.
Alldn] rebuk-d and chasii-*d the monstrositj!
of such -in argument, and shown its ami national,
unpatriotic, and ieifhh character.
Are wo iiev.-r to be done with opposition toa
Western armory? Is it to spring forth incessant-
ly, and to assume every variety of shape and
form?   For twenty-five years we have had oppo-
