CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      m*
sition—vigilant, relentless, deadly opposition—
and all from the same quarter—and varying its
form from time to time. It was opposed when
Col. Johnson conducted the measure; opposed
again when I conducted it; and always on some
old and worn out argument, or on some new and
desperate conception. No state of the Treasury—
no epoch of time—no state of the country—so
state of the Presidency—will permit a Western
armory to be built. Full Treasury, or empty
Treasury, there is no money for the Western ar
mory! The time present, is always the wrong
time for the Western armory! War is no time
for the Western armory! Peace is no time for
the Western armory! Madison, Monro?, Adams,
Jackson, Van Buren, were no Presiden'  to be en-
trusted with the selecticn of a Western armory;
and now, the objection extends to ''Tyler too."
Thus it has been for five and twenty years; and
are we to be put off any longer by the old worn
out, thread bare, rickety objections to this great
measure? Are we to be served for twenty-five
years to come as we have been for twenty-five
years past? Three weeks ago v e canied this m a
sure by a great majority on full debate. The Se-
nate was decidedly for ¡t three weeks ago. What
new argument is pressed into the service since?
Why only two, first, that Western Whigery is
against it; and, next, that President Tyler cannot
betrustei with the selection. These are the only
new argument*, and I protest against them both;
the first, as being invalid, if trae; the latter, its be-
ing untrue.
The bill to which we have added this amend-
ment, originated in the House of Representatives,
and came to this chamb. r without any thing in it
for the great West. It was a national defence bill;
but confined its view to the northern rrnl ea:icrn
sides of the nation It contained neaily two ml-
lions for the North and East; nothing for the
West and Southwest. We succeeded in amend-
ing it in this chamber, and in-crtiu? atvuit
$140,000 (of which this armory made §75,000)
for the South and West. ltwentdo.-;n to ¡he
House of Representatives with these amendments,
and returns to us with the §140,000 for the South
and West, struck out, and about $150,000 new ap-
propriations for the North and East, inserted!
This is what Western Whigery has done for us—
that Whigery which is quoted for our guide and
example here! Well. We have agreed to the
new appropriations for the North and East; and
now the question is, shall we agree to give up all
for the West? or shall we insist upon our amend-
ment, and hold on to this armory? I hrpe we
shall insivt—shall hold on—-shall demand the ar-
mory now—and not be shuffled off again, as we
have been for twenty-five years past. I demand
the yeas and nays, that I may have my recorded
vote on the Journal.
Mr. MOREHEAD repelled the assertion that
any Senttor on this side had attempted to made a
party question of the subject; nor had they
ever said they could not trust the Presi-
dent. He would as soon tru^t to the discretion of
President Tyler as to any other man, but he did
not conceive this was a subject of Executive dis-
cretion.
Mr. WOODBR1DSE spoke in favor of ínsiít-
ing on the amendment. The West was difficult
to defiae, suci had been its vast growth ?nd
increase wí;h n a few short years. Tnere had
been We.t, the Far West, and in a Utile
while he presumed there would oe the ultra Far
West.
Aftir some further debate, the qurs'ion was
taken on insisting on the amendment, and decided
in the affirmative:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fultoc,
Henderson, King, Linn, McRcbertr, Montón,
Nicholson, Preston, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
S'urgeon, Tip pan, Walker, White, Woodbridge,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Berrien, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, E.'ans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Ker, Mangara, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana—19.
The bill from the Hau-e making appropriations
for the repair of the Po'omac Bridge was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The b.ll to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty with Mexico was returned with amendments
from the Pious-, and, on motion of Mr. PRES-
TON, referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. RIVES soon after reported the bill back to
the Senate, recommending that the amendments
be concurred in; which was agreed to, and the bill
finrily parsed.
The revenue bill was then taken up.
The first question was on concurring with the
com-mttee in exempting palm leaf from duty.
Mr. CLAY said this was an article of but little
value, and was used by the girls of the  nation in
making bonnets and hits.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion «f Mr. EVANS, boracic scid was in-
serted among the artie'es to be exemp ed.
Another amendment was to insert sumach atnong
the exceptions, as not liable to duty.
Mr. WOODBURY objected to the exemption of
foreign sumach from duly. It is an article of na-
tive growth in this country, and Ihe cultivation of
it for domestic manufacturing purposes ought to be
encouraged. He thought (he farming interest as
much entitled to proteeiion as other interest?, when
it could be appropriately afforded.              •
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said it was very true it
was an article of home growih; but he understood
it was abundant where it was not wanted, ana
where those manufactures cxis'ed which would re-
quire ir, there was nose to be found. Under these
circumstances, it hsd not as yet teen cultivated for
minufactarius purpo-es, -ind probably would not,
ai long as agricultural labor could be mure profita-
bly emplojed. imp tl-.I sumach came from coun-
tries where labor was muta cheaper than in tin 
country, and he thought it was for the m'eests cf
out* ma-u-faetarerr' to ob'a'n it upon the ch«apist
terror they can. Our agricultural labr.r can be
much beiter employed in other channels of indus-
try.
Mr. CALHOUN was very glad to hear the Se-
nator from Kentucky at last coming round in sup-
port of this sound doctrine. It was just what be
(Mr. Calhoun) had long expected he [Mr. Clay]
would be forced to confotm to, that those artieler
ought to be imported which can bp obtained upon
cheaper terms than their can be pro iuced at home.
Tne Senator was perfectly right in his position that
our manufacturers ought to import the raw mate-
rials which they use, whenev-r they can obtain
them wiih advantage from countries where labor is
cheaper than at home. But the Senator's argu-
ment did not apply to this amendment onlj; it ap-
plied to the bill, and to the protective system, which
the Senator has urged with so much zeal, the whole
tendency of which is to force labor and enterprise
from their natural channels into artificial ones, by
the btAtowal of premiums, in the shape of protec-
tion.
Mr. CL1Y of Kentucky thought the Senator
frumSiUthCarolir.il was not entitled to his inter-
pretation of what he (Mr. Clay) had s?id. The
Senator converts a f- w w. rus expressed in favor of
continuing the free imperial.os of sumac.H, under
presan! circumstances, into a general r, p probation
of free trade—a thing wholly cm < f view in his
(Mr. Clay's) mind at the lime he" nude his íe-
inarks. It was certainly owfrg to the peculiar ba-
bu of mind ii. which the Genitor from South Caro-
lina was so fond of indulging, that he was thus al-
ways ryrig to reduce evc-iy thing to his ?ystem of
abstrac'ions. Now, what he (Mr. Clay) did fay
was, merely that sumach had not \et drawn the at-
tention of our farmers to its cultivation for manu
factoring pupuse?, and therefore they co.;ld suffer
no injury 'by the importation of ih? foreign article
free of du'y, from a country where labor w. s
che?per ihan in this country. That wat the whole
amount of a hat he ¡¡ad said, and let the Senator
ni'kc th<! most of it.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that ihs Senator ri- m
Kentucky had evidently very strong prejudices
against what he calls abstraction.   This would be
easily understood when we take into considera-
tion wbat ihe Senator and his friends characterise^
as abstractions. What he and they called abstrae- '
tions, was thw principle of scrutiny" and opposition'
so powerfully evinced by this side of tbe Senate,
against the loose estimates, ruinous projects, and
extravagant expenditures which consulate the
leading ireasures of the present Administration;
This opposition is what the gentlemen vmder&tancf
by th" term "abstraction;" and no wonder rihejr
hated it, and sought to cover it with oeiium. But,
if he (Mr. Calhoun) was too much of an abstrac-
tionist, certain he was fh*t the Senator from Ken-
tucky was too much disposed to the opposite: he
was too much in favor of pushing measures on
account of their popularity, without regard to their
abstract justice, or iheir ultimate tendency. If a
paced regard for the letter ?nd spirit of the Consti-
tutijn, ¡>nd a determination to protect the rights
of the mass in oppoiition to moneyed and manu-
facturing corporations, were abstractions, he was
content to be an abstractionist. As regards the
principles oí free trade, if these were abstractions,
he wss happy to know that he was in company
with some of the ablest statesman of Great Bri-
tain. Mr. C. referred to the report recently made
in Parliament on this subject, which he characte-
rised as a document of eminent ability.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky observed that tbe Se-
nator from South Carolina based his abstractions
on the theories of books—on English authorities,
and on the arguments urged in favor of free trade
by a certain party in the British Parliament. Now
he (Mr. Clay) and hi-, friends would not admit of
these authorities being entitled to as much weight as
ihe universal practice of nation*, which in all parts
of the world was found to be in favor of protecting
borne manufactures to an extent sufficient to keep
them in a flouri-:hm; condition. This was the
whole difl* lence. Tee Senator was in favor of
book throiy and abstractions: be (Mr. Clay) and
his friends wire-in favor of the universal practice
of ninon-i, and the wholes ,to and necesjary pro-
tection of domes'is manulactuns. And what bet-
ter proof could be given of national decision on
this point than thst furnished by the recent elec-
tions in Great Britain. A report on the subject of
ftee trade, written by that astute and ingenious
Sc tchman, Mr. Hume, had ob'ained pretty gene-
ral circulation in this country. On the principlesset
forth in that report the British Ministry went before
the people of England at a general election, and tbe
result proved that they were repudiated. . The
question mat fully submitted to the British people,
and they put their seal of condemnatu n upon it.
Mr. Hume's own constituents repudiated him and
hisprinciples. On that very que-tion- he lost his
eleetion. The Briti&h Ministry has been defeated
mo.-1 signally on that very qu s:ion. The British
people have decided in favor of U e practice of na-
nons, and agai.-st men, theories, and abstractions.
They have "decided that Ihe first duty of their
Mini-try is to protect the British nation, and
"British interes's, m preference to running wildly
into abstract principles.
Mr. CALHOUN had supposed ¡he Senator from
Kentucky was possessed of more tact than to al-
lude at ail (o the recent elections in England, and
cLiij! them as a triuwij h of his principles, much
less to cxprcis himself in -such s'rong terms of ap-
probation'at ihe result. The Senator was, how-
ever, elated or thf favorable result ot the late elec-
to-^to'bc J>y pany m England. That was
not much >o h  wondered at; for the interests, ob-
jects, and aim* of the Tory parly there, and of the
Whig par'y here, are identical. The identity of
tbcttopait.ee i> remarkable. The Tory party
are the 'oatrris of corporate monopolies; and are
not vol.? They are advocates of a high tariff; and
are "not vou? They are the supporters of a Na-
borí 1 Batik; and are not 5ou?    They are for corn
laws__laws opweesive to ¡he ma-s of the people,
and fat cable'to their own power; and are not
you? Witness this bill. The Tory party in Eng-
land are not supported by the British people. That
party is the representative of the mere aristocracy
of tne country, which, though ihe most odious and
oppressive system of coercion exercissd over the
tenantry of the country, has obtained the power of
