400
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
starving the mass of the people, by the continuation
of laws exclusively protecting the landed interests,
that is, the rent rolls of the aristocracy These laws
that party will uphold, rather than surfer the peo-
ple to obtain cheap bread The Administration
party in England wished to dissipate this odious
system of exclusive legislation, and to give the mas-s
of the people cheap bread. This the Senator from
Kentucky characterizes as ridiculous abstraction.
And who are these Tories of England? Do not the
Abolitionists constitute a large portion of that par-
ty? Those very Abolttiomsis, who have more
sympathy for the negroes of the West India
islands, than for the starving and oppressed white
laborers of England. And why? Because it is the
interest of the Tory party to have high rents at
home, and high tariff duties against the sugar of
tmscountiy, tor the protection of the owners, of
estates in the West India islands. This is the par-
ty, the success of which, at the recent elections m
Great Britain, has so elated the Senator from
Kentucky! The success of that party in
England, and of the Whig party here,
is the success of the great money power, which
concentrates the interests of the two pames, and
identifies their principles. The struggle of both is
a struggle for the ascendency of this great money
power. When the whole subject is nairowly
looked into, it is seen that the whole question at
issue is lhat of the ascend°ncy of this enormous
and dangerous power, or that of popular lights.
And this is a struggle which the Opposition m this
Capitol, to whom alone tne people of ihis eountry
can now look for protection against the measures
threatened to be consummated here, will maintain
to the last, regardless of the success of the Tories
abroad or their allies, at home.
Mr. CLAY denied that he had made any boast
of the success of the Tories in the English elec-
tions. He had expressed no sympathy with that
party. He cared nothing about their success,
though he did hope lhat the Tones would n >t coiie
into power in this country He had only advened
to their triumph in England as an evidence of the
sense of the English nation on the subject of
free trade. His argument was, that -no
matter what contending politicians said abmt
abstract principle  when it came to the prac-
tical action of thelwhole nation on these prin-
ciples, that action wis found deceive against theo-
ries and in favor of ihs practice of nation? all over
the globe Now, the facts of the case with regard
to himself, (Mr. Clay,) and the Senator from South
Carolina, were these: The honorable Senator allu-
ded to Mr. Hume's report m favor of free tra^e.
Hé, (Mr. Clay,) m refutation of lhat authority,
showed how the English nation had repudiated the
principles of lhat report The Senator, on th1 , gets
up and endeavors to d^aw from ihis an inference
that he (Mr^CLAY) and his friends were identified
with the Tones of England, that their syrnpa hies
were identical. As to the success of the Tones in
England, he had frequently made the remark that
this Government had more to expect from the jus-
tice of a Tory ministry than a Whig ministry,
either in England or France, as the latter were
afraid of being accused of being swayed by their
liberal sentiments. He had made a s mi'ar re-
mark once at a dinner party at the White House,
while the very worthy and amiable gentleman pre
sided, who is now a citizea of the State of New
York, and it was generally concurred in by those
present who had been abrotd. Wi h this concur-
rence m sentiment, he hai asked of the President
the privilege of proposing a toast, who replied,
Most cer amly, Mr. Clay He then propose 1 the
accession to power of a Tory ministry in England,
a Tory ministry m Prance, and a Whig ministry
in the United States.
Mr CALHOUN said when there was a qnes'ion
at issue belween the Senator from Kentucky and
himself, that Senator was not the juige of its ac
curacy, nor was he; but he weuld leave it to the
Senate, and to all present who had heard the a>gu-
ment,if he had not met it fairly. Did he not quote,
in tones of exultation, the triumph of the Tory
party in Englandas the triumph of his principles
over the principles of iree trade? And when he (Mr.
Calhoun) had noticed the points of identity in
principle between the Tory party of England and
and the Whig party of this country, had the Sena-
tor attempted to reply? Nay more, he had alluded
to the striking coincidence between the party af-
finities in Great Britain and this country, and
showed that this victory was not a Tory victory
on y, but an Abolitionist victory—the advocates
of high taxes on sugar joining the advocates
of high taxes on bread, and now the Sena-
tor wishes to produce the impression that
he had not fairly met the question, and tries to
make a new issue. There was one trait m the Se-
nator's character which he had often noticed. He
makes his onslaughts with great impetuosity, not
always thinking where they will carry h'to; and
when he finds himself in difficulty, all his great in-
genuity is taxed to make a skilful retreat Like
the French general, Moreau, he is more celebrated
for the dexterity of his retreats than the fame of
his battles.
Mr. WALKER was greatly surprised when he
heard the reference of the Senator from Kentucky
to the success of the Tories m England in support
of his pnncipl >s of high tariff and protective du.ies.
Did not the Senator know how the late elections of
Great Britain had been carried? They were carried
by the coercion of the landed interest over the ten-
antry of the country. In Scotland and Ireland,
where the power of the landed interest over the
tenantry was not so absolute as in English coun-
ties, there was a large majority against the Tories.
But the ans'ocratic interests in the English coun-
ties were predominant, and there alone the Tories
received the overwhelming vote which gave them
the ascendency The success of that party was a
th ng with which the people cf England had no-
il ing to do; the mass ef the people were excluded
f iOm having any voice in the matter at all It was
the result of the power of the landlords, ovei ¡he r
tenantry. The voters at the election through-
out the British nation did not exceed four millions,
being only one seventh of the pop jlation. The ma-
jority of this four millions was entirely under the
control of the aristocracy, and hence the favorable
result 'o the Tory party, upon an occasion of life
and death, which called forth all the energies of the
aristocracy. If the vote could be honestly taken
by ballot, and there were free suffrage in Great Bri-
tain, as there is here, can any man doubt that there
would hace been an overwhelming majority in ia-
vor of the liberal Ministry of England, and against
the Tory interests? The voie-> of Great Bri-
tain is pgamst Tory principles It is impos-
sible it can be otherwise. No nation could
vote against the inteiests of four fifths of its
population, for the sake of supporting the
remain ne one-fifth m exclusive and oppres-
sive privileges. How long will the Tory party
continue in power in England' Just as long as
the Whig party in this The seeds of dissolution are
sown in their very assumption of power. They
would not have even a reign of ninety days. They
wilt be scattered to the four winds of Heaven,
as the Whigs are now being scattered in this coun-
try.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky was not going into a
dissertation on the political institutions of the
Britiih nation. He would merely recapitulate the
facts with relation to the question at issue between
the Administration party in England and the Tory
party How Mr. Clat re-stated the position of
b-th parties at the recent election, and the result;
and concluded by declaring, that, after all, it was
not a question now before the Senate, ¡whether it
was a Tory victory in England and a Whig
victory here, but whether sumach was or was not
to be additted free of duty. He thonght it would
be just as well to revert to that question and let
it b.t deeded For his part, he cared very little
whe'her it was or was not. He would leave it to
the Senate to decide the question just as it
pleased.
Mr WOODBURY contended that the protection
against the foreign sumach would, in the first
instance, probably raise the price sufficient-
ly to induce farmers to turn their attention to
the home culture. That would insure an abundant
supply, which would lead to a reduction of price,
and, in the end, notwithstanding the duiy, the
manufacturer would have as good an article of
home growth furnished, and upon as cheap terms,
as the foreign article is now furnished free of duty.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky hoped the Senator from
New Hampshire did not believe there was a single
Senator opposed to giving encouragement to the
home growth of the article. All that was proposed
was, for the present, to let the foreign article come
in duty free.
Mr. SEVIER asked how much was the duty
expected from it?
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky could not say—very
little, he should suppose.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the words "oil
of" was stricken out, and cloves only admitted,
on the ground that the oil was a manufactured
article.
On motion of Mr. CLAY the bill was furthe
amended so as to insert bleaching powder and earn
cf tartar in the bill, and of course exempting them
from duty.
Mr.WOODBURY would submit an amendment,
which he did not desire to have considered then,
but to lay over until Monday. It was to insert
among the list of free articles tea and coffee, and
that the duty on salt and molasses be reduced one
half horn the year 1842 to 1845, after which to be
entirely exempted.
Mr. BENTON sent an amendment to the Chair
to the effect that coarse blankets should be admitted
free of duty
Mr BUCHANAN said he was induced to offer
an amendment Wuhin the limits of the com-
promise act, he would protect the manufactures
of the country It was well known that there
was iron in Pennsylvania equal to the best
English iron for railroads, .enough indeed to sup-
i v the whole world. The amendment he would
offer he (-"■red to come m at the 5th section of the
bill
The effect of this amendment was to repeal all
the laws which admitted iron for railroads free of
duty.
Mr. CLAY said be did not know that he should
have any objection to this amendment. The po-
licy was,'when there was a large amount of reve-
nue on hand, to admit this article free of duty for
the encouragement of railroads. But as there
was a large quantity of iron in this country, and
extensive manufactures, he thought he should sup-
port the proposition, particularly as it would add
very considerably to ihe revenue.
Mr. BUCHANAN would support it if there was
no iron m the country. Was there any reason
why corporations should have this article tree of
duty, while the tarmer was subjected to a tax on
the iron used in his ploughs? In Pennsylvania
there were immense beds of this iron ore, besides
the coal, and he hoped that a duty would be placed
on lailroad as well as on any other iron
Mr. KING made some remarks, understood to
be in opposition to the amendment The question
was not whether there was iron in Pennsylvania,
but was it manufactured so as create a proper sup-
ply for the purpose of facilitating these roads?
Mr. HUNTINGTON would suggest whether it
would not be better 10 let the subject lie over antil
the first of ¡he week; which suggestion was acqui-
esced in, and the bill passed over informally.
Mr. SEVIER asked the Senate to indulge him
in taking up the bill in which one of his Choctaw
constituents was deeply interested—he had been
wait'ng here for a long time in expectation of hav-
ing it acted on.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill to
provide for the satisfaction of the outstanding
Choctaw reservations, under the nineteenth article
of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, of Septem-
ber, 1830. '
Mr. SEVIER explained the objects of the bill,
and advocated it with great zeal.
Mr HENDERSON spoke m opposition, and
Messrs. BENTON and WALKER in its favor;
but the Senate adjourned without taking any ques-
tion.
