CONGRESSIONAL. CHLOBfi.
■' * T..... '"-
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27m Coi«g.........1st Sess.
MONDAY,   SEPTEMBER 6, 1841.
Volume 10_____.No. 26.
HOUSE OP REPRESEN TAriVüS.
SATuaour, Au¿u t 28, 1841
The journal  of  jtsterday was read and   ap
proved.
PENN3YLVANÍA AVENUE.
The uu.fi iistied  business 01 yesterday was the
bill fjr reraung aid repairing a poryjn of Penn-
sylvania avenue
The pending question b°ing on the passage
thereof—
Mr YORKE (the House, he said, being very
thm) mo red that there ba a call of the House.
Mr HOPKINS a=ked the yeas and nays on that
rro 10a, but withdrew the motion.
And the call bavirg been ordered—
Th" C erk called the roll, and 132 members an-
swered to their names.
And the names of the ab entees having been
called, 171 members appealed to be present.
And tb^n all further proceedings on the csll were
Suspended
"ihe question then recurring on the passage of
the bill, i' was rejected—yeas 69, nays 102
Ttie House look up the bul on the Speaker's
table providing for the distribution of the printed
returns ot tne sixth census, and concurred in the
amendment of the Senate (m relation to the number
of coo rs) made thereto
CONVENTION WITH MEXICO
On motion of Mr. CUoHlNG, the House  pro-
ceeded to the c )übidt ratii n of tht   following bi'l
f'om ihe S -ute
AN AC Í to amend an act entitled An act to c irr> into effect a
corventmb ween the United states and ttie Mexkan He
pibhc '
Be it t tat ed §c th t the resident of the Lm ed States
be a d he is I eieby aulhoi ¿^! to cans the dteielons and
atvir Is n w made in pursuance ot tie comention with the Re
p lb tc of H'x co co-icluledat Washington, th  lltli April,
lb3J ir fdv > of ci I7^ns o& the 11 lted í> ates, to be prisented
to hóM \i ai'-. ivemmentfji payi wo , according to thestii u
1 1 is ot diciiueniu ard all ither awarlsaiie' decisions
] r lav n < f sue i clal mants as the same may 1 ereafiei be made,
from fim° t  t me, un lei the sud commit i in
"•ce ¿ i id be it fu fiiet enacted That the Secretary of
the liei uy be, and he is h ieby authorized, upon the presen
tatioi o¡ celt ti dopi => o) such awards, to issue cei ti ficatcs to
iticpu*! s-5 uhuizedc t receive theaums so avvudod then le
■ al r nrestli at ye  an insistí *, i i the m imi-r directed by the
7ih sec nil fÜieaCtsíC n_r"«s entitled \u act u ciny l ito
e*i taco von ion between t íe Ui ttel ~*u es an 1 the Ittpjhhc
01 Wejcicr ' bin 11 cei hi*, es to I e ill such íni n and for such
pontons of the sums awtrded <■ n ay bo convemet t foi the
< !ai iMnts an 1 to b mi' eel to the deductions piovultd lor 1;
the lGYh section of said act
1'ae (jjin uitlee n FVeigi Affur> pf ih s Hous.
t>> \ hon the s ¡1 b 1! had bten referred, h<d re-
commended that the enacting clause thereof be
■•iniki.n out.
And the q «es i i bung o" eoncdrrng wi h the
committee in iba1 rece pi Herniation—
Mr CUSHIKQ said he wishrd, in the fewest
worl-po sibl , to present to the co mrultee the
bvb e and si ua 101 if tms bill Tne bill consist-
ed of two section , by the first i provided that upon
r-ach several at aid delivered und-r thp pending
comm «on, application shall be made by the
Un t dSaies Government to the Government of
fie v co lo i payment ot the amount awarded.
The 21 s=cüOu irovided that the S cietary of the
Tie- ury ".yb 1 ut t > the mdi idual claimarts
c<" 'ficatca sta'iag <<>cu 0mount 5 1 aliped b¡ the
Co in* iii"i>, The i«o p«is of 'he bid were
enti'e y >f net aiu1 neependent of each otjer.
Thefir tsci u^n woviitdfuraforeign governmental
aci, v z of mer osiioi imm d a.eiy lioebalfoi
< n c Zeis vuii lie Gon.riH>eut of Mexico to
00 p.yme to u i'aio >' iciai->s We e-
co' ! M v ded f«r a do Ltsuc act, by ai orfic " of
otro n Govcrnm t' mprtl>> in evi i-nce af thj
- c'iivcof an ais ' in tir rof cur o "-n u izrui.
i,v c iwih ion iai no v in «es 101, and aociiJ-
m« to ihe termo of the Concesión be wien ihe
U 11 td S s>'^ an I Mexico, vh'ch pio./ ded th«t it
m a 't cit du mg eighteen month ! from ihe Is1 if
July la t, 1' had yet some five or ^ix months to sit.
It was n> v in the prosecu 101 of its busme^o, ana
hid sire.' v mad- -jndiy aaard-, duplica'e copies
oi each or which dcr sions were hied, one 'a the
JXnartKunt of State of our own Government, and
one wrh the ptoper tfficers of the Government of
Mexico Under these circumstances, the parties in-
terested in thise decisions came and a^ksd the United
States Government to interpose in their behalf with
the Government of Mexico, pending the sitting of
the commission and beloie its duties were com-
pleted
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, on Irokmg
into the terms of the convention with that Govern-
ment, were of opinion now, as they had been a
year s nee, when the act for its execution was
named, that it was not the duty of the United
States so to interpose until the duties of the com-
mission hai neen completed and their session
brought to its close, an 1 a report of all its doings
made to the Government Such interposition
would, in their opinion,be a violation of the trta
ty, and might be productive of injurious effect*.
It would be the adoption of a new construction of
the treaty, and of a construction which the com-
mittee deemed to be contrary to its, true intent and
meaning. A* they understand the convention, it
directs that a general and final report shall be
made, and 'hat the aggregate amount of all the
awards, when completed, shall be demanded in
rne gross sum of the Mexicsn Goveri rneut, which
is to be at liberty to mak- its elirctun between
payins; the amount in cash or in Treasury notis,
tht whi le in one or in the other, or part in cash or
part  s   ueh n< te*.
The committee had accordingly passed a vo'e
recommending the s nkmg out of the enaclirg
cUineof the bill
Since thit vote, ho levpr, wh le ihe bill yet re-
ma ned mp =sebsionof the chairman to be reported,
at the earliest prac icable day, according to the
committee's older, to the Hi use wth such recom-
mendation, tr-e paraes interested had appbed once
more to the committee, «ta ir>g that if the commi -
tee d emed thp first se"t on 01 the bill wholly m
adrm<sib'e, they would be content vith ¡he pas-
sage of oily the second section While the crm-
mittee were about ocon lltrthis suggestion, tbey
were arrested m hmme b) the qiestion wlelhi r it
would be order d t > rec nsider their vo'e. after th"
bill had beenorderel to be reported. Tney had
foi.nd, by lecurnng to .he journal 1 f tre Hou-e of
the last Congreit, tint af er fulldi-cussion, and on
the c-ll for ill? yeas "an ' na>s, it had been deeded
that the cjmmn e?, n luch oueumvtancfs, cou'd
not reconsider. Te.e two esses were pree^e y ana-
logous in evrv poiot And on further irquir> in-
to the prrceedmgs of a very mino t-nt couimittee
0' the Hon-e, (viz   the  Committee  on the  Cur-
renr-y)__Mr   C   pre Lmed iheie  wxs no  impro
puety or irregtlar-t) in reeriing to the fact—it
was as ascertained that fe same pnncip'e had
been recigmssd and acied en in tnat comm t ee
Hence the Committee on Pireitn Affairs had fe't
themselves brand to acquiesce, and they had con-
consequently leftistd to reconsider their vote. In
(on= quence ot this, th"y had not entered on ihe
consider? lion of the men's of the second sec'ion of
*e bill.                                   ,      ,     ,    . .        ,
M'. C s 1 i, in conclusion, that he had deemed
it proper that he should stite ^ es  he's tor the jr>-  |
forma'ion of t'ie comm 'tee     He was still  of opi   j
111011 thit the fi st s-efon of the bill ought to be íe- |
jrc ed, but m reg?rd to the «ecoid section, he was
ir hfF-rert, and subm.ttea thai question to the judg
ment of the House  upon wi c nsidera'ions a?
oth !- gertlemen m ph' p^es-nt
Mr WISE sari that >t had b en at his ms'auce
that the decís on oí the Commit ee on Fore gn Af-
fairs had been su^p-tided Tne clatman's on Mei
ico would be fully satisfied with the second «ect'on
of the bill pro ded it «hould be modifi-d in 'he
mannei Mr W wcu d ptopove, m an araendmect
which he shoul 1 cfTer to the bill
Tne treaty which bad been concluded wrh Mex-
ico m 1839 pionded for the s tting of a Board of
Comm ss oners w 10 should adjudicate and decule
ur on'he claims of our t H'zens on the Mexican
Government.   Mr W. here quoted the words of
the treaty, and insisted that, according to its ten !,
the claimants were not required to wait till the
board should have completed its lalors before (hey ,
could apply for and receive their respective duesc?
according to the awards of the board. There was
a difference between this and other treaties ap-
pointing similar commissions: by the treaties for-
merly entered into, a gro%s sura was to be allowed
the claimants were obliged to wait till the" whole in
satisfaction of all the claims of «ittzem of one coun-
try upon the Government of the ether; and hence
of the claims were adjudicated, so that this gross
sum might be divided pro rata among tbem. No
man could tell whit his share would be, ot what
propoition of his demand he should get, untiJ he
knew how many others were to share with huB.
But this treaty with Mexico went on a ¿lif-
erent principle: it provided no gross sum,
but directed that, the cjmm'tsioners should
examine each individual claim, and make
up and certify their award upon it to the two
Governments; and when payment was made, m-
tetest was to be allowed to the claimant from the
da'e of the award 10 his favor. It was, therefore,
the intere«tof the Mexican Government to pay a 
promptly as possible, to avoid tbe accumu'ation of
interest The United States Government under-
took to present these awards to the Mexican Go«
vernment for payment, and, if need be, to en-
f rce th"* pay-Bent according to to treaty And
why hal .t d ne this? Not meiely betause it was
ihe do 1 oi a G iven ment to pro'ect and enforce*
he rii>h s of is a iz ns as lop'cted a foreipni
cojnt y, bat b«vau e, m this case, ihe GovernmenS
hid raceived a bona fide consideration for this 111-
terfererce, viz the power, granted by the law of
12 n May, 1840, to deduct from the amount due
under the award of the commi'sioners any sum
that might be due and outstanding from the claim-
ant to the United States. This was a difectconsi- •
deration for the exercise of the national agency m
obtaining for such claimants the amount of their
awards
The law further J rovided that, when the com-
mission-is hid comp'eted their task, a hit should
be ¡nAd" out by them, and furni htd to the Secre-
taty of S a'e, of all the chims allowed aod re-
j cted, and p^e ei.t d '0 ihe Mexican Government
ior payment     He e Mr W quoted tbe law:
fai,c b And lie itfiather niacced, That so soon as said
commisiion shall be execut d and completed according to the
piovisions of «ail convention the commissioners aforesaid
shall report to tin. Sücieiary of Stale a list of all the several
aw uds made by them and the records, documents, and all
othei par era in pofcession of the commission or 11s officers, or
cetiifief copies or duplicates thereof, shall be deposited in the
office of the Secretary ol State
it w as to remedy the effect of this statute that the
claimants desned the second section of the present
bill to be passed, so tha', instead ci being subject-
ed to the deUy of waiting till the whole of the
claims should have been adjudicated, ard tbe gross
amount of all ihe good claims ascertained, each
man misht be able to obtam the amount awarded
to himself by the commissioners.
in vindicam n of this biü, Mr W. referred to a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in which
that officer expressed himself decidedly in favor of
the view now given by Mr W as the true sente
of the trea*>, but stated his only doubt to rest on
the act of 1840. The act looked only to the close
of the commission, when the aggregate of all the
go d claims was to demanded from the Mexican
Goveramen , the treaty itself looked to the satisfy-
ing of eaca claim as soon as it had passsd the or-
deal ot the board
Mr GUSHING here reminded Mr W, that the
Seeretaiy of the Treasury had himself nothing to
do wi a demanding the amount of tbe awards fro 
Mexico.
¡Mr. WISE admitted this, all th  Secretary's
duty in the mat'er was she issuing of his certi-
fica es as evidence of the allowance of the claim«;
tut be said the act would not alio  him to do so
till the whole of the elaims h&d been passed upon:
' The only doubt I have had as to my power of i urag the
