law, bat against a limitation oa the amendment;
and he would much p-efer that the law be re-
pealed, excepting sotar a> it soplad to the iron
for railroads, whose contraction had row been cox-
aenced, i'-.is ought to b? ¡>ft tree of ditty.
Mr. KING hoped the ft n 'or from South
Carolina, [ VTr. Prkstoy,! wooJd put hi-; vie •■' of
8om« equitable srnngemt-nt in the stupe of an
ampndftf'it.
Mr. CUTH3ERT m-.de the same re quest.
Mr. BUCHANAN coiiside'id his amendment
sported by the modification. It would allow cor-
porations just now comsnencins operation to go on
for any number of years they p'eased (o keep 'heir
works in su pense, imnoning'iron free of duty.
Tne intention of hits original amendment was al-
together frustrated by the rnod.fication.
Mr. SEVIER thought the whole proposition of
now f-uhjec'ing railroad i.on tod.fly, one of the
most setfidi propositions he had ever heard. It
w u'td ;m"Uiitto this: that the nilroad companies
who had been for several years receiving their iron
duty f>e might iron complete th ir works on the
same t rva--; b-it companies in fuch new States is
Arkpfisa-, no' yet read-,- to begin, should, encounter
the diss .ragc-.ivni --.rid disa.iya>H!i«c of hevirg to
pay iwen y per cc,¡it. mure for th;ir iron than the
older com pun es p.-id.
Mr. PK55STON lemarked that it was not in h:s    j
conter-ipla'i n tin'co-iipsniis ready to cmnmenre    I
operation;, or v-hich b.-.J be-n foro cd on the faith    j
ot hivire the same,  advantages   of  other compa-
nies, should be ¡ilac d  in  a-iy   ".rifaii   porv'.tion.
He thought thai by pos.ponm;; 'heopev-.tira of the
amendment one or t.vo year , ¡I e object (f the Se-
nator w '.ti-! lv attained.                                          I
Mr BERRIEN suggested a change of laneu;ge
in the ¡im- nd.-en!, whijh wott'd e.T-'C' the o'oj■•.'■        I
Mr- TA?PAN si;;;aes:ed co'-v  further  -4 eta- \
tion, wlvcr, "t"r. Berrien approv. d n'.                     jl
Mr. MERR OcC ic.-wd a r.-eoe:.d-r:i,:'ns oí the j|
vote by w.i-e'n'h-.it-;dni-'t to t'-.o a-iV-ndm ->; l|
had been ad", ird The o^j-ot w.v t~ rojee,', h :t ¡|
amendm^n', "'.id hen f,ar.e the r.m-n Irr,°- t so as ;;
to apply 10 rad;-a'.«, ih; eon.-truct on of wLie'i j
W2i now commerced.
Mr SIMMON3 should vote for the amend- j
men', on the ground that the ¿uty was required for
rev. nae, and would be drawn, not from the pock-
ets of t-e people of this country, but from foreign
iron masters, and give the preference to manufac-
tures of oar own country.
Af'er so>:-ie remarks from Mr. TAPPAN against
ihe amendment which had been adop'c-d, Ihe qttfs-
tion was taken, and the motion to reconsider was
c>rr ed, as folio vs:
YE kS—'Messri. Aden, Aich- r, Barrow, Benton.,
Berrien, Calhoun, day of Alibama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Grah.i.i, ftcrr, K'ng, Linn, McRoberts,
Manaurn. M"i'"ck, ¡'.Iciem-ai, Nicholson, Pres
to-i. Rives, Sevier, Suibh o'' Co>-uect,ooi, Tappan,
White, Wondhriuge, and Y.>on-i—36
NAY'S__Mes-.-.!.-. Bates, Buchanan. Ob ate, C ay
ci-Kriduo'sy, C-av.oo, D.xon, E.-sss. Uenduson,
Hnntiog'on, Mtder, Pr.^i-s, Pierce, Pone-, Sim-
mons, Sm-ih of Í ..Pan--, S>"t'oa I, n'tu ;;eoi¡, Tall-
n-st'xe. W.iiiier, and Wright—20
Tae que.'ion now lec-tirm? on Vt; Bccaínan's
amendorert,
Mi. BE íXiíuN submitted an ameiv'.."- u' to the
amendment, the object of whicn tvs' V exempt
fiomdi'y ft'" n-v inid io*i oa rad.oad.-, iron
already i ,tpo:,ci t\ f tl.f-t inurose. au.' iron o-eer-
cd, bat i..i. \et ror.eiye'!.
Mr. BUCHANAN (.ujeit d (■ :l ;• '-t  vouid en-
tirely d ) ova*' '.''' b. ihs obt'-ct of i. s ^;r.ea 'irent
Mr. Br..?.aifcN loouyoti! v;s   i..-   ¡JO'wI   to
di-cos^ ^nc nit li'tt.
The CU - ÍR 'it.l.r:i¡=-d the p .:p.i of Jcf.
Mr. V. iTS-J i-.-.ut.nd'-d ihst L e i..' e. ■. t a pro-
t-?ettní d':'y wiveJu he it raa'í' vat.v-" i ■ o v^'-V'
rx eaitv !v nuM'jiao.uied, •'.nd it would iwurrate.y
b .;.,o '.' •o^ep-r ¡'.idii eiiht r fi'toian if u upe ot
duty now is o v ioe I by rai'iv.?0 com.iar.ie--, or na-
tive iron c-t. now t>' l'um^h-d.
il-o-e a in .-s.-tr-' Irom ih- Hon erf Re rrsctU-
tives was receive :. ,hat they n&i encatred n the
a- e-dtnen'sof the Senate lo the Distniiuiioti bill,
except the second, third, and sixth amendments.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
DISTRIBUTION AND PRE EMPTION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the re.
venue till was laid on the table, and the distribu-
t.on t-sken up, for the consideration of its amend-
ments.                                 J
The amend<nents disagreed to by the Hou.-e were
read, and are those which provide that the distri-
bution shall be mads to ihe Siates accordirjg to their
respective Federal representation in the two
Houses of Congress.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana mo-.-ed that the Senate
recede from these amendments
Mr. KING moved that ih? Senate insist on its
amendments.
Some discussion ensued as to the priority of the
mo1 ion to recede
The CHAIR decided that the motion to recede
being first made, was ihe first in order.
Mr. FULTON hoped the Senate would not con-
sent to recede from its amendment. It was an
amendment necessary to do justice to the small
State; He contended that in no other way could
any thing like justice be done tl-em. He went into
details to show this, and sustained ths amendment
with many authorities. •
Mr. CLAY oí Kentucky hoped tha Senate
would recede from the amendment. He insisted
that the opposition ti the motion was made solely
wi'h a view of defeating the bill. He called upon
the friends of the measure to rally ¡in its support
snd prevent thai obj.-ct.
Mr. CALHOON dii not ?oe any ocasión for
such warmth. On the contrary, this was an occa-
sion lhal called for eool comidera'ion, and ?ei>tlo-
roen should delil-erate well before they save op
the p-inciflc of protection gna< anhed by the Oon^ti-
tmion tithe small Sutes, by eqna'itvof representa-
tion as to their sovereignties. He showed lije
d.fpTity of eflVe.'s between the fractional Pe-
(¡.■•al population of the small States and ¡h" large
S'a'es.
Mr. SCVlERshowei the 'hrTerenc b.-tween the
rfiict of a fraction of 40.000 ia Arkamas and in
one of the latpe S a'es.
Mr. BENTON went at large into dosumen'ary
and hi^torical evidence to show that the principle
of this amendment was the true constitutional
principle intended by the founders of the Union.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana had no objection to
every Senator holding himself responsible to his
constituents for his vote on this question.
Mr. WOODBURY said he had before supported
the rule adopted by the Senate, not merely because
he came from one of the smaller States, but be-
cause he deemed it the most just rule. Tne ratio
selected by the House of Representatives did not,
as some had suppposed, conform to the original
deeds of cession in any respect whatever.
If we look to those deeds as creating a trust in
bchUf of ihe States separately, then each Slate was
entitled to an equal f-hsre. Each, then, was a
, member of the confederacy, in Us equal and sove-
| reign capacity. But if you depart fiom that, and
¡ go to their power in 'hp Government as now eon-
! Mitu'ed, and the elec'oral ''o'!> is th> true guide.
1 That is the compourd exponen1 of both branches.
| I'is'he comproma-  of the pra-.en¡ Constitutiin —
ij on shieh alone it coul í hace d -on adopted, and on
j| which alone it can he perpetuated.
|: If gentl-men rfsort to another exp'e.ssion in one
y or two of the d«ds of cession, bm not at sli in a
ij v.-st majority of them—that expression relating to
jl the propo'tion of ¡he burdens of ihe S'aie* under
!j the old Confederation, as being the index cf tbfir
it interests in the bndp—-ven that pro^nrtiun is not
i, the gotd  established by the o'herHon-e in this
jl bill. That proportion was :h  quan'i y ef surveyed
:. or taxed and mliiva'ed Und in each Siste; and
i: no! their population or Federal numbers, or any
i;   thi'g'fthe lind.
i;      This tatio, which we are now asked  to jancsion,
>':  is, thetefo'e, not ccuntenaneed by the character of
j|  the old Conifderation -nor the power of the Stars,
I  as represented m it—nor their ¡iabili'ii?. u-idfr it to
,  Taxaticn     What is it then sel^ctid for?    Why,
1  except under naked   power ra her thaa righi?    It
j  if   also, a departure from the power of the Sta es
! and the people, as beautifully and happily com-
bined under the present   Constitution.   It merely
405
professes to conform to a rule of direct taxation,
under it, and to the representation in the other
House, when that rule and that representaron
have nothing-to do witb he matter of this distri-
bution except arbitrarily.
The money now t- be distributed was not de-
rived fivm dnect taxation—not a dollar of it.
We never, in our history, had witnessed but t*Q di-
rect taxes, and might never behold another.
Th'S money came from the public lands and- the
tariff; and if looking to iis origin, the. ratio of di-
rect taxation had nothing to do wits it. So the
representaron in the other House had nothing to
do with it, mora than the Federal representation in
this Hcusp; nor, indeed, as betoie sbpwn, so
much. We, therefore, had selected ¡n 1836, for
dividing Ihe deposites, as we should now, a jutt
rule—a compromise rule—a constitutional rule,
looking to both Houses.
In 1836, almost every dollar of the surplus dis-
tributed, came really from the proceeds of the
lands, and not, as some had misapprehended, from
duti-s. The revenue from the lands in 1835, ex-
ceeded fourteen milLons; in 183S, twenty-four
million?; and these th rty-cisht millions constituted
the means and the basis of that distribution. -Why
then should not this distribution of the land?, liki
that one of lands, b* regulated according to the
mixed and compromise representation in both
if oBse«? And why should not that be deemed a
controlling precedent in pom1?
This was far from an idle or tl-.eoreiieal <ju°s-
lion. With the smallest S'ates it made r difFe-
j rence of near two hundred per cent, in what they
j would receive; and w'lh Ne«r Hampshire it made
| a difference of several tboutands of dollars.
While, then, it was of so gicat piacical impor-
tance to that class of íáoves, the lo-s-ly the large
States in taking ihe electoral vote, as a guide, in-
stead r-f the Fediial popularen, was Vfry trifling
i to each of the.n. It was to New Yoik, for io-
sttner, only the difference b-utveen one-forty and
one-forty two, puts, msead of ¡he difference be-
tween one pait snd three parts, as in the e s« of
Delaware or Arkansas. Go back, then, to the
strict equality ef the Scat's under ihe confedera-
ti>n,orto the rule i-f taxation under it, nr take
the just and compromi-e rule under the present
Constitution, which the Senate has proposed. No
intermediate arbitrary ratio is legal or equitable.
None such has the sanction of precedent or of
reason, or of a liberal harmonizing spirit anion 
the different members tf the Union. Nonesuch
is consistent with that fraternal feeling which
framed the Constitution as it is. None suets can
be tolerated by tbis body, representing the States
as equal sovereignties. None such is just either
to us, who represent such sovereignties, or to our
constituents, who sent us here to project them in ail
their just claims a; equal and independent States..
The rule we are now asked to function is an en-
tire innovation in our sys-tem. It never has been a
gu-de in any thing for the whole Government.
If carried out in other things, it would dissolve
the Union and abolish the pre. eo.t Constitution.
Let us th°n adhere to our own equitable ad
porportionate standard, looking to the whole Go-
vernment; and i.et in a spini not only becoming
our stations as the ambassalors of States, but as
ready to recognise, at the same time, the righ's of
the pe< pie in th>dr m iHidual capacity, as delegated
to their Representatives in ihe other House.
Both can thus be harmonized—State rights and
popular rights—both can be thus defended—and
Í that resp;et and attachment of both secured, wnicti
j fnrnud and wii ch alone can preserve both the
j Con.i itit'ton and the Union.
j Mr. DiXON ma'e a few remarks ia favor of
| the principle cf the «tr.emimetr; but considering the
j| fateott.be whole bi!l dc,'e>;ded on ¡he Senate re-
ij ceding from its amendment, ha .should vote for the
ij  mo.ion to recede.
j! The vote was then taken on receding from the
i I amendments, and carried, as fo'iows:
¡I YEAS—Messrs. Arth. r, Barrow, Bates, Bér-
¡I risa, Buchanan, Choa'e, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Mangum,  Merrick,  Miller,  Morehead, Porter,
