408                                        CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■                     J        '             I'lUfi"                                                  '                       'i.....                                               -----————————^_^_—™—^
that this site wast especially recommended by Colonel McRee
and the Other commissioners under the act oí 1823 os being m
all respects eligible, inasmuch as steam power could be very
properly employed m the armory, that the commissioners also
mentioned nine other sues in their report where water power
could be employed viz m Western Pennsylvau a, Ohio, Ten
nessee Alabama &c and this left the whole question open to
the disereuo i of the Executive in making his selection Eviry
member from the Western, Northwestern, and Southwestern
States, was thus interested in the success of the amendment
proposed by the Senate He trusted, therefore, that no mo
uves of jealousy, or pique or hostility to Pittsburg, would mflu
enca-any Western member to vote against the amendnfent of
the Senate, for, in so doing, he would close the door to the hope
of getting a national armory located any wherein he West
IN SENATE,
Tdesdat, August 31, 1841.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
from the House making appropriation for defraying
the expenses of the funeral of the late President
of the tinned States, reported the same without
amendment.
The bill was then considered, and read a third
time and passed
Mr HENDERSON, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported ti e bill
from the Honse making appropriations for the u*e
of the Post Office Department with an amend-
ment.
Mr. H. hoped the bill would be now consüered,
and the amendment
Mr. CALHOUN would rather the Senau r would
let it lie over; it wai an important bill, and required
to bs looked into
Mr. HENDERSON explained the amendment
It was simply that $15,000 of the money should be
appropriated to enable the Auditor to purchase
books,and bring up the business which is m arrear-
age, by the employment of additional clerk 
Mr WOODBURY desired that it might lie over.
It was the first timein half a century that half a mil-
ium had been a*ke d from ti e Treasury to make upa
deficisncy. He thought it better that the bnl should
he over.
Mr. HENDERSON would not contení He
asked that the amendment, at least, hould be en-
grossed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that the amount
due to contractors was but little over $300 000, as
demonstrated by the report of the Chief Ceib of
the Post Office Department, now on their de^ks
the remainder, amounting to $150,000, was to be
a contingent fund to be placed at the disposal of
the Postmaster General, whom he could not be
willing to trust with one-tenth or one hundiedth
part of that «urn.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the criers of the day
would not be passed over Thr\ bill involved cnn-
sideiaiions of fie highest importance, and worthy
the most attintive consideration oí the Sena'e
The dslay asked for was not unreasonable, ,nd
he hoped that it might be permitted to lay over
until to-morrow
Mr WALKER hoped the bill would b  taUn
up. Some of his constituyas had money due for
some lime, which ought to be paid There was
some danger, if the bill was not acted on at once,
that it would not be acted on all during the preseat
session.
Mr. BUCHANAN was in favor of taking up
the bill, but wa-. utierly opposed to the appropia
Hon for a contingent fund.
Mr. KING said the principal objection to taking
up the bill at present was, that it would mtetfere
with the business already before the Senate. He
considered the case of the c ntractors to whom
the Government owed this money, an i who vere
suffering from the want of it,a very hard one, and
that justice required* the passage of the bill as
promptly as possible As to tne providing a con-
tingent fund for h- use of the Department, he
was utterly opposed to it, and pro ested solemmy
against all such legi lanon He was willing to
pay thejust debts of the Gjvernment, but nothing
more.
The question was then taken on postponing the
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill, and it
was earned.
The bill was then taken up, and Mr Hender
so  explained at some length the reasons for the
amendment appropriaung $13,000 of the money as
hire for thuteen additional clerks
Mr SEVIER asked how many e'erks were at
pnsent erppioved
Mr HENDERSON could not inform the Se-
nator.
Mr SEVIER said he would rather vote for a
diminution than an increase of olerirs, but if (hey
could not be reduced, he hoped they would at
least remain stationary
Mr. BUCHANAN opposed the amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN said as this bill was forced on
them without giving time for any examination, he
would vote against the amendment and also
against (he bill
Mr. BENTON said the rule of the Senator
from South Carolina was the rule on which he
acted. The course heretofore bad always been to
give time for the examination of important mea-
sures, but at the present session the most important
mea<ures are rushed through on the plea that
theie is no time to consider them He went
a^anst pvery thing that was attempted to be rushed
thioush in this manner
Mr SEVIERquned the Blue Book, and showed
that there were fifty three clerks al-eady attached
to the bureau «here they proposed giving these
ihirteen additional cleiks. He hoped that a limi-
tation of their services to one year would at least
Le consented to
Mr CLAY of Kentucky cmturredin this sug-
gestion, and the amendrrent was «o modified that
noihmg therein contained should be so con tru d
that ¡he clerks were to be continued be) ond one
year.
Mr HENDERSON ma'e some further remarks
in favor of the amendment.
Mr BEN TON give üs ¡he reason for this call
for additional clerks, that the Posimaster General
was employed all his time in removing office's of
one set of polmcal opinions, and sub muting others
of different sen intents in their pbces, in pint ng
t u' Ik o d cluk , who «eie faithful írd efficient,
aid putting m iheir plates those who were lgno-
r?nt and incompetent. He inferred that it would
lobe a long time 10 bring up arrearages v/i h such
means, and Ihat there would be probably a call for
a much larger number of clerks to bring up ai-
rearages it the next seSal0n The Postmaster
General was making removals at the rate of one
hundred and thirty a week, and putting one hun-
dred and thirty in iheir places It was not diffi-
cult to make the removals, out it was rather hard
to make t e selection amorg the applicants for
their places involving, as it did, the conflicting
c aim* of so many who were clamoring for reward
for (he dirty work performed during the recent
Presidential canviss
Mr EVANS said the new clerks were not want-
ed in the Post Office Department, but m ihe Audi-
tor' office, which was a branch of the Trca a y
Department
Mr. BENTON was aw?re of that, and he was
aware ihat t!i<> amount of their labor depended
upon the Post Office Depanm-nt There had been
upwards of sixteen hundred Postmasters dismissed
during the past th'ee months and sixteen hundred
others m their p'aces Here is a job of work to
beg n wuh th° settling up of ihe accounts of those
removed, and the opening of new accounts with
those apt) mted. The policy of this Government
had heretofore been to make the Post Office De-
partment pay us own way it was establish-
ed for the convenience of the people in transrri -
tug their intelligence and to the ext rt that they
were willing to sunpirt it, tl e\ should have it
but it was mt lobe quartered on ibe Treasury
This is tht first attem t of that kind, and asks for
half a million fr >m the Treasury ps a
commf ncen eat This is, m fact, so much of a
tax thrown on the exportable prrdue i ns of the
country The produc s of the publ c lands a'-e to
be squandered, and the whole burden of support-
ing (he Government is to be ihrown on the cottt n,
the tobacco, the flour, and the pork of the St uth
and West.
After some further remarks by Messrs. EVANS
and HUNTINGTON m favor of the amendment,
and Mr. YOUNG in opposition to it, the question
was taken on the amendment, and it w¿s carried™
ayes 89, noes 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bur-
ner, Choale, Clay of Kentucky, Clayti n, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hunurgti n Ker
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Merehead, Ph Irs,
Prentiss, Pre ton, Rives, Simauns, &.u ih ef Indi-
ana, Southard StU'geon,Tallmadge, Wnite, Wood-
brid e   and Young—29
NAYS—Messrs Allen Benton, Buchanin, Cú~
houn Clay of Alabama Cutnbert, Pulton King,
Linn, McRtberts, Montón, Nicholson, Pierce,
Smith of Connecticut Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bury, an! Wnghi—18
Mr CLAY of Alabama moved to amen I th<*
bill by strikirg out §497,657—the amount pro
posed to be appropriated—and inserting in p'are
thereof $347,657 25— he amount  hei the!
Department really stood indebted to contractors
and others.
Mr. C said he was as ready as any other Sena-
tor to do justice to the comraaors for the tr n por-
tattnn cf the mail". He was ready to nay ihem,
and, ipd->ed, all other fair and honest creditors oi
the Govétna ent, every cent we m ght one them
L°t rot gentlemen thnkor say to the contrary on
account of the motion he had submitted Mr C.
sa d his amendmert was predicated on the official
evidence furnished by the Department itself, in a
report made from it about a fortnight ago, and now
Oil ihe ""e ks of Genitor  The part of the report
to which Mr C íe erried, vasa statement of sums
duely contiact, and unpaid to creditors of ihe
Post Office Departs nt, in the several States and
Territories, on the 30 h June last, wh ch Materrent
was made and signed by the ch ei rlerk of 'hi*
Department What did that sistemfnt '■bov.'i
Wh} that the aggregate of balances agamst \t,e
Department, in all the Stales ard Terr ices, nx-
ty days ago, amounted to but $287,657 25—a> i>r
a« thai fecuralely a^c ría ned Tne c erk how-
ever, adds wh«u he cafs ' ihe uroi ptited claims
outstard ng ard in process ot settlerreut for
s i vices, rendeicd puor to the 1st of Aoril,
1841, and estimated to atrount to no le«s
than 80,000 dollars." Now, ih s corj-clural
amount jdded 'o the ascertained sjm before slated,
makes $367,657 25, frcm which Heduct the availa-
ble funds in hand 30th June, 1841, estima ed at
$20,000, and it reduces ihe amount ot ihe indebt-
edness of .he Department to $347 657 25, ih *um
which he proposed to substitute for that now in the
bill This is Ihe "deficit," as stated by the chief
clerk of the Department himse f And (Mr C
asked if that was not suffici-nt? The appropria-
tion of money from the Treasury to nay the deb s
of the Post Offic1 Department w s wi bout prece-
dent—yet he admitted that the honor and good (ai h
of ihe Gotenirnert demanded ihe eppiopii-uon,
when tha' D partment was confessedly unable to'
pay its debK, but why go beyond the amount if
owes? Why appropriate so large a sum above
the aggregate of its debts—even írcludmg the con-
jecti ral sum of $80 000 before mentioned'!
Mr C. said, as ihe bill s ood, it proposed to ap-
propnate no ¡ess than $150 000 above the amount
of the Oepartment's debt, wh ch. seemed to be a
sort of contingent fund, for the discretionary use of
us chief Nov , Mi C, said, he was noi di po ed
to grant a contingent fund of (his amount, to b°
uced in the discretion of any head of D pi tmen__
much less was he disposed to plate so 'arge a sum
at the d screticnsry disposal of Frar,k Gr, pger, the
present Posima ter General Hoiv, and or '"-at
purposes might rot this sumle i^ed1 I'was .-a
indisputable lact ihat Mr. &r3rter w>s an \boli
turn t, p'ac d «.t the he.d oí ire D< arfm.n*
througi wh ch the dnbol cal p w t' s of trat
gang rf tsnitics mi&,ht be brou,ht imo rr>o« dan-
gerous confuct wi h th- safety o  tfe Soj'n, nd
even tie existence of tn  Umcn i seip What
assurance was tl ere ihat thi-, co i l^ent ft tid, ap-
propriated wuhsut any den ed or specific obj ct,
might not be vsed m a d of the Abuhtiui cause'
Mr C said, jadgmg from net, paper inteh ge ice,
Abolition postmasters bad beei appointed arid
substituted tor h nest men woo w< ri. opposed to
such principles, and, no doubt, such appointments
were still being made, and,  through their agency,
