CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
BY BLAIB AND RIVES.
--------WEEKLY---------
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1841.
Volume 10---3STO. 27".
Contvnwd frim No   26
prisoners, and is a dangerous example, which ought
to be reproved,  and m'erdided from  being "re-
corded for a precedent.''
15. Reiolved, That having observed the blunder-
ing incompe ency of sonjp of the Heads of De-
partment, <-.nd ihe intolerant and prescriptive spirit
which has characterized their conduct towards
some competent and virtuous public officers, the
reckless partisan sp nt which must have prompted
the appointment oí unwonhy and incompetent per-
sons to important station1;, having viewed and con-
sidered ihe senes of measures constituting the
system of pol cy to be pursued by the domi-
nant parlyj regarding them as leading to extrava-
gant and wasteful expenditures, in palpable viola-
tion of the Constitution, destructive of the rights of
theStatesand subversive of the liberties of thepeople,
Ihs me nbers of this meeting concur in opinion, that
the dearest mteiests of the country require the im-
mediate or{,in_zahon of foirnal Opposition, and
that the slu>nbermg Democracy of the land ought
to be forthwith aroused to a contemplation of the
dangers wbu-h menace them, and ought to be in-
voked, by an ardent appf al to their jeoparded re-
publican pnnc ple=, to exchange the feelings ef
cold indifference and mild f abearance, for the spi-
rit of fierce, manly, bu' d'gmfied and honorable re-
sistance
] 6 Resolved, That, to make resistance success-^
ful, timely orgar- zation, concerted action, d.sinter-
ested co-operation, are essentia1; and that, in ad-
vancement of fus object, this meeting respedfudy
recommend  a peneral convention to be ho'den for
the State of Vnginia, dunrg the next winter or
spring, 2t <;uch time and place as shall hereafter be
fixed b> coire-pondence « nd agreement.
17   Rt>olvt¿ Thar, m the opinion of this meet-
ing, such con 'ention ought to effect, pnd establish
on a solid basis, the le uniou of all S?t  Rihts
Republicans, ard ?11 advocate'of a strict construc-
tion of the Constitution; ought to secute 'he cordial
and harmonious co-opeia'ion with them of all th< 
faends of rgid economy and strict accountability,
and, "i -tich event, w, 1 most certainly ensure a
briluant triumph of o vc pr nciples in ' this Arcient
Cjoimon*ealth," and throughout a happily pre-
served Union
18   R'solved, That, in reference to a State con-
vention, lor the d'ffusion of political information—
for the speedy and effectual correction of mistakes
and m.s'-epresentatioiis—for the refutation of the
false doctrines of arch adversaries—for the better
propagation of sound Democratic principles, there
be appointed by the Chais a genera) comm'ttee of
corresponi "net ?nd vigilance, for the county of
Brunswick,and that the chanman aud secreta.y be
members of s?id commit f
And the f iregoing pie.tmb'e and resolutions hav-
uf been unanimously adopted, it was, upon mo-
tion, furthur
Rewlvtd, That ihe proceedings of this meeting
be signed by the chwman and Secretary, and that
one copy be trar«mtt'ed lo our Rep e ent&tive in
Con-r^s, William O Goode, Esq ?nd one copy
to Silas Wihght jr Esi a Senator t>< m the State
of N-v Yo «., «ho are heieby resper fully request-
ed to presei * the .a>ne to the Houses ot Congress
oí which lh y are jespective'y members, fu their
inform t on of the opinions and feelings of a por-
tion of the people of the Un ted S ale , and that a
copy be seat to the editors of the G'nbe, Richmo d
Enquirer, and Amer can Statesman, who are re-
queued t> publish the same m their several news-
papers
And upon motion, it sa' further
Resolved, That, in declining to r°que<a either of
the Senators from this Sta's to become Ihe organ
of communication, the meeting are not influenced
by unkind or disrespectful feeling* towards 'hose
gentlemen, or by any supposition that either would
refuse to present these oroceedings; but, under the
ci eumslariKS of an e'ecuon to tneS'nateby a Le
gislature polilically adter«t to this meeting, srand
ir>g, ai they do, in polit.cal oppasition, they could
not, and ought not, reasonably to be expected lo
sympathize in our cause, or defend our proceedings
from assaults; therefore, it is deemed an act oí de-
licacy towards them, and of fidelity on our part, to
our cause, to select, as the org*' of communic mon
one 'iho, we be'ieve, mainly encurs with us in
opinions, feelings, and objects—oiie wh^m we es-
teem is a man, and apure ve as a statesman
It having been suggested that m  chairman
should, a' his convenience, s  ec1 and arnounee the
committee rrquirect by the 18 h íesolution, and up-
on motion, a unanimous vote of thanks having leen
(endeied to the Cha'rmar and S ce'ary for the
satisfactory manner in vhich they had disih-irged
their duties—then, upon mttiou, Ihe u.eeting ad-
journed.
JOHN JONES, Chairman.
Geokoe Stone, Secreiary.
The bill to provide for ihe satisfaction of the
outstanding Chocaw rett-rvai ons under the 19 h
article of the   ue ty of Danei.ig Rah Jit  Cr tlr, of
September, 1830  was put on Hsr>assa>e
Mi HENDERSON movid n recrmmit tr-e bill
with certain mstiuctioas, "vhic'i  m >'ion gave rise
to «-orne  rcmsrko fiom Mr.  SEVIER an 1  Mr.
LINN m suioort of the bill, an 1  og-unst th<* <n >
tion to recommi ; which moiitn «a  n t s r   do.
Th° bill wsí then passed 1 y the foilo virg vott •
YEAS—Messrs    Allen,   Ar.hrr,  Berto-i,   Bu-
chanan, Choatr, Clay of A'abama, Faltoo, Kim?,
Lmn, McRob iis, Mo'rel.ptd   Mi    n   Vinloi,
Phelps Pieice,  h vipm S t) genn, ¿"    -n, V u e,
Wot l nlpp,Woji'i<it  Wr f>M " .   Y<   n —?A
NAYS—Messrs   Bat   , B rr n, C av ot Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Evan=,Giab?m, H- d..- oo, Hun-
tings n, Mangi n, Mernc'r, "al'er, j?r nt ss Pres-
ton, Smith of Irdiana, and Southard— 15.
Tne pet establishing duties and drawbacks com-
ing up ar the unhm^ncd bu ines —
Mr. BSRR1EN, pursuant to nonce givt n yester-
day, moved that u be ia<d on the ub'e, v nh a v ei'
to take up the consideiation of tne bt 1 to esuolish
a Fiscal Corporation
Mr RIVEs asked the Sen?tor to withdr?',, for
a moment, his motion
Mr. BERRIEN complied with the request.
Mr. RLV^S hoped the Sen-te would go on with-
tbe Revenue bill to dpy, ana that the othn iabject
would be taken up, a er the bill b fote f em had
been disposed of.    When the  pop r?Ve S ia'or
gave notice  that h3 wouM call no the bil> to-day,
although the Sena'or did  not expressl>   tiate it,
(Mr. R ) toought it wjis gener lly j   1c -foi that
t>>e notice had bee i giv a under ihe imprest *i
tkv by to-day we should have di^po'ed of th  «■' 3
j ct with   which  w=  were  cccuoifd     It ssf-rifd,
frim tii  progres   of bus irsb   t at t ere was no
probability of exposing of   b   Seven' e b  i by to
daj, and bo uad not   turn d hi    a ttn  on 'o th s
Fiscal C >rporation ' ill     Ktdilrot' ^, >, p^ie^,
force  to t«ke i* ip ti-aay.   He1'    id  tortore
tt-at thtv wou'l  go on wuh i t rw nue b ]i "id
c^deivor to dispose ot ítas'-jie'i     °    ro ■.n' ,
whic1-might be  to-J^t,  o-   c-"-oi   t«   ^ h pel,
awl then  t) t 1 e up      e  oto        F                Jd to
the SI n i o' i it   11 <t sr ( n h s i <i
Mr '"'LAY'ad thi b° \ p-, f " se ready
to ubmi to .ry arr«> e-ne-n v.nch l Peía e
n„ht p-eter; n't u CF-tmo|y hal b-nl tit %'n r \
undors'«ndmg ft the ?ciou/n^eiii >e=t n'a/ 'luí
Hi  B-ink d .1 was to be taken p to d<«. Undet
t^at nndersta lin/, Mr C hal himself cot to
toeSe ate to day It tne R-vf.ue l ' ' " io U
take" up, he si ou'd like to eter to so-ne st> -ttc¡>l
tables which h° had not no i ' i h biv, h° wou' 1
nots.u.,howe'rr, iha'be was uip >=>td t - ¡ ro-
ceed with that oil! if such were th- p t a vtt of 'ne
Senate In tegard to the Bank bill, he nould
merely say that it came to   the Senate  from  the
Committee on Finance precisely m the foritt in
which it had been sent from the House of Repre-
sentative--, it was a bill to establish a Bank af E£-
change; it v as just 'he ha'f of that whole, which,
as he under teod, the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Rives] had been prepared to advocate; thottgh but
halt d e loaf it still was better than ro bread; and,
although! n was for a Bank not exactly such as
Mr. C couhl desire, he was nevertheless prepateá
to vote for it It wit not without relucíanos that
he h id brought up his mind to that point, but, hav-
ing don- so, he had now cure to ihe Senate to
give lh.it vo e He should, however, abide the
command ot the Señale; if they chose to proceed
w in ihe Revenue b II, he was -eady.
Mr ARCHER said that, personally, he was in-
diflt lent which bill was taken up, but as his col-
kagui had expre sed a Wish for furihrr delay, it
woud be inconsistent with that courtesy he had
ever found exercised to« ard himself to refuse the
request.    He had made up his mind as to the vote
he should give on the Bank bill.
MI.CL4Y.   "Which way?"
Mr. ARCHER replied that in some of the con-
sultations which the Whi;?8 had held among tbem-
eUes <s to this bill, the Senator from Kentucky
hal dedarel his purpose to hold himself in re-
seive as to >■ s vole, and Mr A. claimed for him-
self the «imc right, and in  present circumstances
ms vo e mi"ht count for «omething; but, inasmuch
as the feiia'or had a 'ored his determination, Mr.
A should d i the same.   He should vote far the
b l1.   Tut he could not sec it consistent with par-
lia neiu. \ e n  e y to insist on his colleague being
filled up ti f,ive h s vote now.    A.s Mr.  A., was
v r / desirous tint his < Jleague's vote should  ac-
c r   with his own, (and as he was   not wnhout
. one hop  that such mi?nt be he result,) he hoped
ihe Senate nould grant him  trie indulgence of a
lit le tunh'r time to consider the subject.
Mr. CALHOUN was reluctant to show any
want of courtesy, but he really was very desirous
the Senate «hoi Id go on with the Bank bill, as had
yesterday been proposed Many gentlemen were
very desrousto leave the city, bewg pte'sed by
vny urgent private business, yet he must say that
until tnis Ba i1 b 11 should have been either passed
or defeat d un' until the requisite time had been
afforded the Presid nt to act upon it, there was not
th  si ghtett bop  of an adjournment He there-
fore desired that that wh ch had to be despatched
ft'-t sh mid now be tskei up first Thesubject had
been long before every gentleman, and he really
could not think of granting tae indulgence asked
by the Senator from Virginia
Mr RIVES said that gentlemen had entíiely
i     taken Ihe whole soir t and  purpos"  of his  re-
m-rks    II    asked no favo-    He felt Vraself as
ue 1 pre( ar d to go on with the Bank b'll as other
? r-tlemen, aad he h,d a=ked that the Reveeue bill
houll be proceeded wiih rnly on ne general piltt-
c pie  whi" i he  thought  had been  agreed to  at
the o t >t, tha v íen unce a subject was taken up,
i  * 'ou ' rot b' abandoned or suspendfd till it was
fin iH' d spoilt    As to the Dill, he nadno tur-
n   * i   no - o-^mittal * In die 'bape t^ebill • ow
1   "f"    he con d t>o a^sd should nV vote in its fa-
vo      H     '   «TXio s tt v ie io' i', and, if m   <<i-
fie!, ii.   ^     uviui'UÜ so.    Tie Se,aorfo a
St     Cam ui had spoken „f the nece   lly of a 1-
1  - ri trv Pies den   a goou deal of t.metomate
up    s mi d.
"1<    J4LH0TJN, mterpostdg    No; not at all
I>rea"-rnly to say that the bill should be dis-
t c e    or, <>,ie way ot the otier, before we can ad-
j air, «iid we must, 't .lecessiry, allow the Prest-
o-ut h s ten days,  as required in the Cons'it i-
'i°B                                                 .    *■
Mr. BEKRIEN explained. As far as his per-
sonal fee i gs and wi hes were c rocerned, he
should destre to accommodate the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] but he acted under mstruc-
