dent, and the bill now under consideration. In
support of this exposition, he referred to his
speeches on the iate Bank bill and those on the veto
message. His opinions being thus on record, he
would leave them to speak for themselves.
Mr BENTON fully concurred with the Sena-
tor from Virgins, [Mr. Rives,] that cashing bills
of exchange was jun a« much a discounting ope-
ration as discounting promissory notes; it was, in
fact, infinite y worse. It was the greatest
absurdity m the world, to suppose that
the flimsy humbug of calling the discounting
of bills of exchange—gamblers' kites, and race-
horse bills of exchange—a "dealing in exchanges'
in exchanges" within the meaning ot the terms
used in the President's veto message. As it the
President could be bamboozled by such a shallow
humbug. Only look at the operation under this
bill A needy adventurer goes to one of these
agencie , and offers his promissory note with secu-
rities in the old fashioned way, but is told it can-
not be discounted—the law is against it. The law,
however, may be evaded if he put hi  note luto
another shade, making one of his sureties the
drawer, and making the other, who lives beyond
the State line, his drawee, m favor of himself, as
endorser; and in that shape the kite will be cashed,
deducting the interest and a percentage besides in
the shape of exchange. Here is discount added to
usury; and is not that worse than discounting pro-
missory notes' Why, sir, in Kentucky, a man
need but take a skiff and cross the river to obtain
an acceptor of another State for his kite, and then
return and get it discounted under the pretence of
selling this bank agency a "bill of exchange."
Mr. Benton here went into lengthened historical
details of foreign exchanges, and showed that in all
parts of the world, both bills or notes for the pay-
ment of money at a future day, when cashed be-
fore maturity, were called discounts
Having shown all tms, he (Mr. Benton) said
he would now go on wi'h his amendments. After
the word ' coiporations," in the ninth line of the
first section, he would move to insert the words:
'•The corporators in said corporation being citizens
of the United States " He had no notion of put-
ting the Treasury of the United States into the
hands of foreigners; let those who had, show their
hands, he would ¡cqmre the yeas and nays.
Mr. BERRIEN considered the amendment un-
necessary. There was already a^ provision that
none but citizens of the United S^atea should take
the original stock. The only effect of the amenj-
ment would be to lessen the -value of the s*ock.
Mr. BENTON replied, showing the fallacy of
the security on which the Senator from Georgia re-
lied
The question was then taken on the amendment,
which was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthhert, Pulton, King, Linn, McRo-
berts, Mouion, Nicholson, Pierce, S vier, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—19
NAYS —Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Clay of Ke'ituciiy, Claytcn, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Man-
gum, Memoir, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Rtve^, Simmons, Smith of In-
diana, Tallmadge White, and Woodondge—26
Mr. BENTON had snother amendment to offer
It was in the eleventh fundamental rale of the
eleventh section of this Fiseality cnarter, wherein
liberty is given to transfer stock. That rule
wa«:
"The stock of the said corporation shall be ass enable and
transíerable accirding to such rules as shall be instituted in
that behalf by the bye laws and ordinances of the same '
He (Mr Benton) was not for leaving it in the
power of these corporators, by the bye-laws, to au-
thorize the transfer of this stock to foreigners, and
thereby giving them the control of the Tteasury of
this Union. He moved to irisen after the word
"transferable," the words "to citizens of the United
States, and none oihers "
Mr. BEaRIENT hoped the amendment would
not prevail. Tne original subscribers would be
citizens of the United States. To debar them from
transferring their stock, would be to lessen the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
value of the stcck, which they rendered valuable
by becoming the purchasers of it.
Mr BENTON observed that it was a stranse
argument that the paltry difference of value m the
private shares of this Corporation should ou weigh
the danger ot confiding the United States Treasury
to the hands of foreigner*'
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and decided m the negative—yeas 20, nays 27.
Mr. WALKER moved an amendment, requir-
ing that the bills in which the Bank should deal
should be drawn at short dates, and on goods al-
ready actually shipped
It wai negatived by yeas and nays, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Rives,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Woodbury, Wright and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—
27.
Mr ALLEN moved an amendment to make the
directors, in case of suspension, personally liable
for the debts of ihe Bank.
This was negatived as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbtrf, Pulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, rfmith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Banow, Bates, Berien,
Choate, Clay of Kentuek), Clayton, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pnelps, Poiter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
S <uthard, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—
23.
Mr. PRESTON (it now being about 5 o'clock)
moved to adjourn.
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas, and the mo-
tion  was negatived—yeas 16 nays 32
Mr. BENTON offerei another amendment, to
strike out 10 and insert 50 per cent, as the pro-
portion of the stock to be paid down by other sub-
scribers than the Government.
It was voted down as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton,
King, Lmn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connection, S urgeon,
Tappan, Walker, WoodbMy, Wright, and
Young—21
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, B r-
nen, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, PhHp ,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smuh
ot Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Wh te, ond
Woodbndge—23
The question beirg now oi ordeimj the b H to
its third reading—
Mr ARCHER expressed a desne to aadr<i>s the
Senate, and moved an adiomnmeit
Which motion prevailing, jeas 28, aajS 18—
Tne Senate, a uitle before sundown, adjourr.ed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, September 1, 1841
Tne journal oí jesterday was iead «nd ap-
proved
Mr. STUART of 111 n is introduced to the
House his colnague, the Hon Zadoiv Casey, mem-
ber elect from that State, vho was qualified and
took his seat
Mr. ADAMS askei the House at this uie
to take up an 1 act upon the following resolu-
tions:
1   Resolved That the investment in the stock-- of the scveial
States of this Union of funds held bv ü f Government ot the
Unite 1 States in tn s , is to the amonitot he m m~ «o ¡ we<? ed,
and of the interest thereon, an assumption u\ ¡he 1 niteii Estates
01 the debts ot the = ud several ¡states, in he tv not their failure
punctually to pav the same
2   Resolved, That the purchase, bv authom\ ot an> Exeeu
UV8 Department oí the Government of the Unite 1 states, of the
bonds of any of the States of this Umor. at their nominal value,
419
or with a premium thereon, and the subsequent rat  of the same
bonds at a discount, ts an unwarrantable and wasteful diiatu Ja-
tion of the public funds
3   Resolved, That it is the duty of the Executive Govern-
ment of the United States to require of'he Government of each
and eveiy State of this Union, m whose stocks investment* of
the public monevs held in trust by the Government of th  uni-
ted states, have been made, punctual paymetit(i n specie or its
equivalent, of the mieiest stipulated m the said stocks, and re-
payment of the pi mcipals as soon as possible, by the term* of
the contracts upon which such stocks have severally been
issued
4  Resolved, That the further investment of any pubho funds
of the United otatesin stocks of theseveral Statesough «forth-
with to be prohibited by law, and that the Coram tted of
Ways and Means be instructed to report a bdl io r that
purpose
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that the first reso-
lution of the series asserted a principle which he
was not willing io sanction.
After some conversation, the House took up,
and, without debate, adopied the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the further investment of any public funds
of the United States tn stocks of the several States ought forth-
with to be prohibited by law, and that the Commute of Ways
and Means be instructed to report a bill for that purpose.
Tne other three resolutions lie over.
Mr. RANDOLPH, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found correct, the act appropriating
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant pre-emption rights.
Also, the act making an appropriation for the
funeral expenses of William Henry Harrison,
deceased, late President of the United States.
Which said bills severally received the signature
of the Speaker.
A message was received from the Senate,
through A Dickens, esq. Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the bill making
appropriations for the Post Office Department,
with an ameadment, and asking the concurrence
ot the Hou>e therein.
Mr. WOOD ofNew York, asked leave to offer
tietollowuis resolution.
Resolved, That the fcecretarvofthe Treasury be requested
to niloim tins House at as eaily a day as practicable, whether
thelatenanslerof the public moneys from the Merchants'
Bank of New \ork to the Bank of Commerce of New York,
was caused by want of cenndence in the stability and sound-
ness of the foimer institution, and whethei the one million of
the twelve mill'on loan, said to have bien taken by the Bank
of Commerce, was negotiated m consequence of any agree-
ment veibal oi in writing, implied or direct, that the said
Bank should become the Government depository at New
\ork
Objection being made, the resolution was no
received.
THE CASE OP McLEOD.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, herttofoie offered by Mr. J.
G Floyd of New York:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re.
quested to lnfoim this House if not incompatible with the
public interest whether any officer of the Army or the Attor-
ney General of the Umted atat.es has, since tne 4th of March
las', been directed to visit the State of New York for anypur
pose connected with the imprisonment or trial of Alexander
MuLe< d and, if so, !e communicate to this House copies of
the instructions to, and repoit if, such offker, and whether, by
any Lxecuuve inea-^uies oi coirespoodence, the British Go
vornment has \ieen given to understand that Mr McLeod will
be released or sunenler<-d
Mr.   BUTLER of Kentucky said that the ex-
traordmary course of ihe remprks of some gentle-
men who  had pr ceded him m the discussion of
this subject, had created m him a desire to say
something m reply to them; and although that de-
sire had in a great measure passed away with the
fee log that occasioned it, he would avail himself
of the   present most unexpec.ed opportunity   to
make a brief reply.   Tnot'gh he differed with the
Secretary of State, in rll that he has written and
said in relation io tne burning of the Caroline—and
r-15 purpose m rising was to express some of his
views in re-Ution to invt matter—yet he had another  ,
ooject in view, and that was to reply to some of the
wanton and bi'ler attacks that have been make on
the Democra ic party and President Van Buren, by
those gentlemen who have defended Mr. Webster's
cot.duc , under the circumstances which form the
occasion of the present discussion.   We have been
charged, said he, with stimulating this nation into
a   war for   ba«e and unworth)  purposes.    The
gentlemen  isho maae these charge> of a  criminal
nature, against a  whole party, would be the last
persons  t«  insinuate them asamst any  individual
member ot t>at party.    He looked upon that man
who would attempt to stimulate the nation «¡to a
