CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
blunders occurred in his calculations, and however ,
manifest it is lhat more than half of this amount of
debt has been produced by the appropriations of
this very session, and the omission of ihe Secretary
to collect seasonably th<" balances due from banks,
and to advertise the public lands for sale as usual,
and clear as it is that little or none rf this sum
would, without this extra session, have been re-
quired till Another year, only twelve millions is
all the Secretary could devise as needed for both
this and the next year, to meet actual obligations
Indeed, sir, after three months' more of research,
and atter the extravagant appropriations made and
to be made at the present session, of near si* mil-
lions in the aggregate, (a schedule ot which I hold
in my hand, for any gentleman's perusal,) the
chairnnn, alter the most liberal enmates, can
only augment ihe sua to i ear six*een millions.
But he is in some log, by mixng up Treasury
notes wuh oilier expenses, and makes no allow-
ance for onf or two nil ion-, mat may yet be ob-
tained, by a-hettumg dnd oti'irg new lands before
the ye?i c o es.
'XI e twelve million loan authorized already,
will then, pr< bauly, cover the whole. Ii ouiht to
coyer more than the whole, and roust do it, unless
a system of wasteful advances, and of precipitant y
in both voiinj  and spending public money is p r-
sisted in, which has scarcely any parallel in our
history, Tais twelve millions must constitute all
the charge, beside expenditures for the current ser-
vice. If svvol en to fif e> n or sixteen, the rf<ult to
next year would be sim'lar, because none woj d
be due (he next year, and its payment could be
apportioned among tht ensuing iour or five year .
It should not be all postponed to the last moment,
as seem to be the calculations ot the Treasury or-
gan in the other House, nor s'l of it bi, before a
dollar is due, flung on tin next year alone, as is
done by the chair  an here It is by this last ex-
traordinary, unprecedented cou""?, ihat !e ar-
rives at ano her marvellous conclusion, that
only four mi'lions of revenue tne next year
will be left applicable to deiray the cur-
rent expenditures! What, sir! Only four
millions, when none of ihe new debt will then fall
due; and when, in truth, by another part of his
statement, he estima es the revenu  from customs
alone next year at twenty-three millions of do lar-?
Strange conclusion of only four millions t > be ¡eft,
when again he ad iits, that, by ihs Secretary's
views, they will, under the home valuation, reach
over twenty-five millions, ad of which can be ap-
plied to current expen-.es, a^ the loan is not due.
The revenue of next year will then, on either cal-
culate n, be amply sufficient—lo ^pate, not merely
four millions—but all, wh.ch should berequred
for current expense?, as weil as ant upa'e beiote it
is due, three millions of the debt—and these with-
out imposing any tax whatever on tea or coffee.
For if yoa add that tnree ¡mill ins, to eighteen for
tne ordinary service, (which I wul soo* pinve to
be enough by hr  own admissions as -ae'l a> b>
couclusive ficts,) you have but twemv-one
millions of exp-n hture in the aggregate. WVile,
on tne other ban 1, you have, at the lowest, twent>-
three mi lion.5 of revenue from duties alone to dis
charge it. Tne tax on tea and offee, then, whicn
will average not over two milhons, can be remit-
ted with tase, and evuy propel liability of next
year discharged promptly.
But consider the revenue from customs to be
twenty-five mil ions, as the Secretary does, and
vou can effec' this desirable object,a id have two mil-
lions left. Consider that, too, and add the land?,
4 which never sho ud be parted with, and yon can
I exempt tea and coffee, and have a surplus ot five
millions left—either to cover a larger expeudiiuie—
pay more ot the pub' c debí beiore it is due, or
guard against fluctuation? ana contmgenc es.
Thus, sir, you see the whole ca^e in a nut-
shell It is not necessary to wade through
any confusion m the chairman's caictila-
t ons, or to unnddle some of h>s conjectures
Nor'is it necessary, as an illustiation that both
' the Senator and the ¡Sectary are liable to over-
estimate the expenses and deficiencies of this year,
to go minutely into the ut er failuie already ap-
pearing by recorded events of one official predic-
tion at the beginning  of tais session, and which
seemed to constitute the founda1 ion stone for it
All will remember that the expenses by the 1st
of September, were to exceed the whole means of
Treasury notes and other receipts, by the great
amount of six millions. Now, m truth, it hjs
turned out lhat the important era has ar-
rived before our adjournment And what do we
see? Not s'x millions; but by all pres* of sail in
expenditure, and by additional appropriations of
several millions beyond what was expected—the de-
mands have, as I understand, pot gone beyond
those in ans ereo one fourth of that amount
Had no new appropriations been made, not in the
estimates, and the clues from banks been collected,
and lands been adveitised as usual for sale, I am
satisfied tint not one «pillion d< Beit would have
ar^n. Even tins single million deflv't wou'd never
have happ"t.ed, wi ho>tt the cost of th,s extraordi-
nary ses ion, and withou  th  pressure of the ex-
penditures, f ister, and m larger amounts than is
custo3i?ry or proper and conducive to the public
interests
The pr/pd etion or estima'e wis an enormous
i'eficit of r ore >han s x millions by the first of
September 1 I pass by, however, further details on
this
But, as the geneial data, showing the prop r
amo int of ou canent exp n^es next yaar, may
n<*ed lllustrat on, and as the chairman has invited
specifications cf items in -\h ch reluc'ions cin be
trade from ihe pre cnt twenty-eight or thirty mil-
lien^ coniemp!atpd unler this new, econom oal
Administration—I shall throw myseK on the indul-
gence of the Senate a few moments l< nger, in re-
spect to that point The current expenses of 1842
are placed at only eighteen millions, because, in
1839, t'ipy were only about twerty-fu'i  millions:
in 1840, only tvienty-tbteeand a half, and, in 1841,
should hve been, and wou'd have, b^en, but fo"
this extraordinary ses ion, not over taenty millions.
They were intended to be reduced, m 1842, to only
eighteen mil ions—were in progress stead )y to that
result, and tha items for reduction can now be rea-
dily de^ignited.
Thus, in puolio b"'ldins;-., the appropriations may
be less than ihe expenditures in 1840 and 184!,
bvat iea.t  -           -           -           -    $¿50,000
The Treasury bud mg and the Patent
Office, the new cus'om-hou«e at New
York, the I ranch mints, and theligbt-
I oases, are virtually all finished.
Next, tne Cherokee treaty, at first over
five milli' ¡is, and ihen increased one
to two millions m ire, will be all ful-
filled, and fhe Treasury relieied
yearly, by that and other treaties
complied witi, at lea^t        -           -    1,000,000
Thi Florida war, if not closed, wdl re-
quire a less expenditure, by quite   -    1,000,000
The pensions, by death, inevtable and
more rapid among the aged, as more
a ivanced m life, wiH fall off          -      500,000
The conting nt expenses of Congiess,
including public printing;, can be pro-
perly reduced, from 1840 and former
years           ....      250,000
We ourselves can and should fear-
kssly march up to th s imperative
djty
The drawbacks of vaneus kinds need
correction, so as to draw from the
revenue less by at least       -           -      200,000
The remiss on of the duty on railroad
iron has taken ovr half a milUon
5 early from the Treasury, and if
stopped, as is proposed, would stop a
dram hereafter of quae      -          -      250 000
[Mr Buchanan here ob'erfed th?t
the drawback only th- Uot year ex-
ceeded hah a million ]
Well, sir, we ¡ray insn safely caku
lat-, even uidc some indulgence to t e
unfinished rai'roads in the Scu'h, that
the gam will be a quarter of a mil'ion,
or a-5 mueh, if not more than I havo
compu'ed
Next: the reduced  aies cf th° puMia
lands will lessen the five per cent, to
some as well as the three percent to
other States, to be paid over, by at
Isast            ....
50,060
The aggregate of only these reduc-
tions is                                               #3,509,000
Thus, sir, without going mto the army t>r tfie
navy, or the civil estabiishmentss except «iarewn
contingencies—without going to the foreign eofps,
or, as proposed by the chairman, to the csstorn-
houies and the Judiciary—we have at once a re-
duction of three and a half millions of dol-
lars. If followed out through other ramifica-
tions of the public service, it will equal more than
five millions cf dollars that fan be dispensed wiio,
below th3 expenses of 1840. This would leave
not ovor (lghteen millions, or eighteen and a frac-
tion These reductions, now enumerated, require
little exertion or sacrifice. They are such as the
p ogiess of events force on us, if watchful. We
can hardly escape them, if true to ourselves atid
the country. They impair no great establishment;
they weak-n no branci of public administration}
they would ?nd should occar almost spontaneously
under any party in power. How, then, can gen-
tlemen on the other tile, professing economy,
gravely insist, in ihe face of these exhibits, that the
current expenses next year mnst he twenty-five,
twenty-eight, or thirty rmll.ons? Thele is no pre-
tence for it, sir, but the fallacious statement irrat
tne average expppses of the la«.t four years reached
neir iwemy-eight millions. But can Ssnators be
bind to the fact, that tne expenses of those years
were mciea'-ed near thuty-six millions by appro-
priations heaped on the.n beyond the annual esti-
rante , and beyond, in most case , what the past
Administraron desired? This has b'en so fully
ejplcired on a former occasion as not to requite
r-petmoi, an'', if deduced, would leave an ave-
rage expenditure of only nineteen or twenty mil-
1 oís Do my hearers forget, abo, the expensive
In-iian removals extinguishment of Indian titles,
the India  war°, as well as costly erection of pub>
lie buildings, which were flung on those four years,
and which need not be renewed hereafter?
When taking an average of past years for a
gil de, we might likewise as well go to the last
taelve year as to th" last four. It will then be
found m the document before me, that the expenses
ol ho je twelve years, swollen as some of tbem ne-
cessarily were, by various causes enumerated in
former debates, and which are not likely to recur,
were only about twenty one millions yearly, inde-
pendent of the public debt; and the first four years
of the time, before those extraordinary causes be-
gan to operate much, were only fourteen millions
on an average.
Here are the tabic, from a report by Mr, Ewin°",
No 31, House of Representatives, present wes-
son.
No   1.
\ ears                        Aggregate annual expenditures
13 1                                              $.2651 4~>7 22
lSJU                               .                  13,2-29 533 33
lb3t                                                  11,863,786 14
1832          -                                       11)514,134 09
Total,
Average,
6b2689It 38
«14 064 727 84
No.  2
First four years, 1829, 1830,1831,1832      «66 258,911 38
1833           -          -                            22,060312 31
Itat                                   -          •       18420,167 12
1H35                   -         -                  17,006 pB 15
18%           -           •                     ■       29,666 241 46
1837           -                                       31,610 003 09
iQ3S                   •                             31,544 396 19
1839                       -          -                 25,443 716 94
1840          -                                   22,38<),356 31
Total,
Average,
251379,020 98
21'93251 74
From these data, then, as well as the specific
items of ¡eduction before named, the future cur-
ientexpe*«B should not exceed eighteen millions
yearly But, on this point, we have h'gher autho-
rity than even frese figures and fact-, 'o gemlemen
on the other side. We havj the opinion of the
chairman himself, not only years ago, but at this
very session.
In February, 1832, h/j said on this floor, in a
