428
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
labors; till there is no possibility of bestowing that
pa'ient investigation and deliberation upon it which
its vast importance and the magnitude of it? con-
sequence,: d.mand. is the strongest evidence that
can be addnct d ot its own s S!-eondemna'ion, and
of the iniquitous designs it it> intended to consuni- [
Edite.
Anxious as he (Mr. Calhcun) was to lay bare
all the iniquitous tendencies rf this measure, at d
to scrutinize its details for 'hat purpose, he could
not consent to take the responsibility of asking for
one day's delay: let the gentlemen have all the re-
sponsibility of the bill, in all itsstages, themselves.
They have called lis here to delibera'e on their
measures but have rendered all denoeration nu-
gatory; tney have created a vacuum in the ¡ ublic
Treasury, by giving away one of its r<'_'u'jr
sources of income-, and making imprudent appro-
priation ; and now they come ror«ard to create a
necessity foi violating a solemn and sacred nt-
tional compact, m order to fill up that vpcuuin.
They have leit no resource but commerce tor e/ery
burden of Government; they have even saddled it
with the Post Office D'pjrtmtnt. Bat the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, in his speech of
this day, has thown ihe ba^w on which his parly
Stands. It is consistent with the interest's of thee
whom that par y represents. It is the proper bi'is
for the support of the bankers, fore gn stockjob-
bers, speculators, and Wall street gamblers, who
constitute the great money power. Tins revenue
bill is the proper aliment of that consolidating m )-
ney power.
[Here a message from the House of Representa-
tive  was received, statin? that the President hid
returned the Distribution bill wrn his signature,
and that it had become a law; also, one of the ap-
ptopriation bills ]
There, sir, said Mr C. that is the act that gives
away that portion ot the resources oí the Treasury
which should have been retained to htlp, with eco
nomy, to meet the crisis which the chairman of the
Finance Committee, m h.s expo uion, sta es the
Government is m. It is accompanied by another
act, givirg away two million,, more m appell-
ations.
The Senator from Kentucky wiainMins ihat it is
impossible to avoid tdxmg articles of general c n-
sumpUCD, so as to avoid any portion fall.ng on the
poor. That is veiy twip, but he proportion fa'lwg
on the laborer ought to be accr moimed with that
falling on the wealthy, in the ratio of sheir means.
By the system here resorted to, the ¡«mount of con-
sumption regulates ths tax, and the laborer's fami-
ly pays mo-e, m proportioi to his means, a hun-
dred fold, than thn of 'i". i,e'i ne'ghbor, b^cau c
there is not a pioper diitumination ot the articles,
of taxation.
We have hesrd nothing from the Senator about
economy and retrenchment, but a few expressio, s,
reoommenmng the minority to take the mat cr up.
There was no occasion f <t lh.it ad -nee; the mino-
rity woui i never cease us vigilance. Whut d'S-
po ition bn" tVw Senator's party shown to econo-
mize and retrench? Mow has ihe time of this ses-
sion of Congress been consumed? In Bank mea-
sures, m distribution of revenue, in making ex-
travagant appropriation;-, and m devi-ing wasteful
and enormous expenditures, in oiiW to create a
necessity ior enormous taxa'ion. Ina* i* ihe rort
of economy and seirenchment which tie Senator's
friends appiove and practise. Bat this line of po-
licy prove more fa'al to iha* party, and the me i-
sures ot this sesuon wi'l prove more disastrous to
them than they now dream of. The condemna-
tion of tae couitry will not hs dif only efket. '
The gentleman of New England, who have lent
their aid to tb>rn, will find the faial eff cts m tht r
blighted commerce; the gentleman of the Sou h.
wid experience it in ihe violation of ihe hi herto-
con^ukred mviohb'e compróme act; bo A have
acted a suicidal pir', and they will'peedily feel
that they !>ave
Mr. CLAY o* Ken ucity rej inel.
Mr  CALHOUN follow/J; when  th" qie'ton
was taken on the a'necdment, and d aided in ihe
affiirmative, as folio ?:
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,   Bi' s   Ben'on,   Bj-
chanan, Calhoun,   Choate,   Clay   of   Alabama, I
Clay'on, Cuthbert, Dixon, Evans, Fulton, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Kinc, Lpnn, McRoberts, Man
gum, Miller, Morehead, Mouton, Nicholson,
Pnelps, Pierce, Potter, Prentiss, Sevier, Simmons
Smith of Coinf circuí, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
T-Ulmadge, Tappan, Walker, White, Woodbndge,
Woodbury, Wright andYoun —39.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Clay
of Kentucky, Henderson, Kerr, Merrick, Preston,
Rives, S uthard—10.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to amend the till by
exempting the article of salt from duty.
¡Mr. BENTON rpotte for s^me timo m supp trt
of iLe am. ndment He said that the tax on s°ilt
ac ed on the poor rpc,t oppressively, that the
ban'ier, with his millions, did not us' a  rniiei salt
m a year as a formero cow would lick up in halt a
season.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding gunn/ bass.
Mr. BENfOiV cbjjctsd to mixing up any thing
so incongruous r>s gunny begs- with «alt.
Mr. BATES Moved that ihe Senate adjourn.
Mr SEVIER demanded tie yeas and my*;
which having been ordered, the vote stood as fol-
lows
Y CAS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, B°rrien, Choate,
Clay rf Ken'uckv. Clayton, Dixon, Evans,
Huntington, K-r, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Mouton, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, S m-
mons, Sju hard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodb> ldge—24
NAY8—Mevsr-. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Cla/ of Alab^nw, Cuthbert, Graham,
Ele^der'-on, King, Lmn, McRoberts, Nichilsm,
Pierce, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Sm th of C i,n.
Smith of Indiana, Walker, Woodbury, Wngh',
and Young—22
And the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OP  REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, September 4 1SU
The Touinalol y esleíd, y was lead and approved
Mr JOIINC Cf AKK rose and sa d it would be lecolleeted
tb it in the early pau of ilie u^sion a res lution had been
adopt d by the House m relation to furnishing ¡stationery, and
llie suoject had been reiened to a committee, of which the g<n
tltman from Virginia, [Mr Summers,] not lowin ins sea', was
Chan man
It was understood that the committee wou,d not b oble to ie
por at this session—that they hail not come to any delante con
e'usionas towhat would be the pioper modt of furiosliing sta
tionerv In that view of the suljccl, ho hoped he would be
allowed, by the unanimous consent of the Uotibt, to eff r the
followi giesoluuon
Jifitlved Iliat no pinchase of sfationety lie in tdo for the
use of this House untii the committee heietotore appointed on
mat snb¡ict lcpoit to the House
3Ii IÍ1ÍIC&S was tmdeisiooti to say he did not see the ncces
Slty foi the adoption of such a lesolution
Mr CLARK was understood to s«y that theie wat stitioneiy
now on hand to serve ¡he purposes of the Hoi'st during the
hist four weeks of the next session Unless suth a resolutio i
were adopted n v stationeiy would he procmed, and tint pio
brb'yaveiy m< rioi qu tiny Why, then, object to rheieso!u
Uon'
Mr liRIGOS obieetod
Mr CI \RK said that lie mi«ht tike the respi nsibility of per
mi tn j: the contingent inn I'o be^ lunleredth^n
Mi   ÜRIf.Rí-saitl he mi u ilibD
And (he ieso niion bein^ ih]eete 1 to was not received
The SPEAKER laid befóle the House the fallowing crrimu.
runations
A leaei fiom the Secretaiy of War, transmitt nc a contract
entered into by his pieuYi ess r, Mr Poinsett, vwth the aceut of
Jt.an 11 and Peiau rerribauH, ior the purchase of the isl ind or
J) lint of ltndat hopincuon ol tile te P~let s and ¡Mississippi
livers, asa paií of Ule nilhíary ies"t ve a' Fu' SoeNmc to
gether wit! v mous papers m relation to the subject P e erred
to the Commit ee on Military Allans
Also, a letter fro n the Heir taif of War, trao mitiinti a re
port of Lieut VV If fsmory, n leiiiot to the slttnt tm and
imptovemev of iheharbor of Newcastle on the river Dela
w tie     La' 1   n be tib'e
Oileavi iven, Mr CROS^ offered the f)TIiwm ' resolution,
which wis a laptetl
llcsohrd, Tuat the Piesident of the United States be leiuest
e'ticaifae o be communicate 1 to tbla House whether anv,
and, if any, what regulations eM^t, bv treaty sii,iulafnn ot
otherwise, betweenthls Goveinmentanl th3 Republic oiTex
as on the ubjeaot the collection of debN, retrammij the pos
session of ptopprty, in I enforcing legal Slab ilttes and lights
by citizens of one Oovtinment against those of the other
And, iikewi e such lawt, and treaty stipulations as have dl
rect relation to the commercial intercouue between the said
Civerimt rts
Mr fiOODC of Virginia presn^tel proceedings of meetings
ofcit'iens ol Suiry an! BtUnswick, pmtesimg agai tst the
measures ofthepYtr i sPs^¡ n sen-iallv, and approving of the
( whin of ilessrs VVi^Ej íTu\"eu, Mallory, a-id Gu-iek
I oil on the table
On leave given, 3Ir STEEMIOD submittela notion that
certain papets on the files of he Ifou=( I avmgieference to the
^e'ection of sites upon the Western waters for in trine hospi
fa's, Cand not heretofore printed,) be pnr ted for the use of tne
House, which motion was agree I to
CONTESTED I LECTION  TROM FLORIDA
Mr HaLSTED,  chairman of the Committee on Elections,
reported from that committee the following resolution
Resolved, Tuat the case of David Levy, claiming a seat m
this Hoube as Delegates from Pbuda, be posipontd until Mon-
day next, at 10 o'clock, and that he be heard at the bar of thia
House upon his ca e, il he ohall so desire
Mr   BRIGG3 suggesledlo M,   h     o to modify the ressolu
tion as lo provide that Mr  L vy should be heard "in person or
,   by council " This w^sthe usuai mode
J      Mr  HaLSTED modified the resolution to read accord
ingly
And, as modified the resolution was adopted
Mr   CAVE JOHNSON rose   and expressed the Hope that
some specific day would be designated Or the adjournment
of Congress
[fries of "No no,''"Not quite ready yet "]
Mr   LEWPb WILLIAMS said, iftheicwts noother bus!
I   ness before -he Hou^e to d..y, he woud move art adjourn
menf
|      [Cues of "Waitloi the 1 ink P'H," .Í.C
[50 Mr   W   did not pes sist mhis motion
1                                 IHE CaiE OE McLLOD
The SPEWER annoui<"ed the urihnished business of the
i morning bou' to b^ the following re.Ojution, heretofoie offered
I    by Mr   I C   Floyd  ofNew\ork
RpiOlvfd, That the Pr> sidentof Lie Unite 1 States be request
1 ed to .nform this House, if not incompatiole with the public
i inteiest, whether any officer of iRe Aimy or the Attorney Ge
'   i eral of the United Mates has, since '1 e 4th of March last, been
I    direc ed to visit the ata'e of New York foi any perposecon
II    nected with the impugnment or trial of Alexander MoLeod,
and, if so, to communicate to tlrs House copies of the mstruc
I   no is to, and report of, such ofnter, anu ^viicthe,, by any Exocu-
1   tive mcasmes or cone pon lence, th11 R.iti i Government has
i   bLen given to undcistaiitl that Mi   McLeod will be released or
surrendered
The immediately ponding notion beny that of Mr Boake
-han to lav the resolution on the table
I      Mi    LINN   morcd a calf of the II use,  w neh  was  or
dertd
I      The roll was call d, and IGj membets having been ascertain-
ed to he preseat, all  lurth^r ptoeeejing on th^ call were dis-
pensed with
Ami the question lecumng on laying the resolution on the
table—
!      Mr  BO VRDMAN, at the request of Mr Adams, withdrew
,   the motion
1      Mr ADAMS then addressed ihe House at some length in op
po-itiun to the .esolutlon     All the gen lernen, he caiJ, who had
spoken on tl is resolution, prolessed to be actuated by the most
,   patuotic motives, and not to he af alfiniluerced by party consi
derations, but, without questioning their patriotiam, he must
be peimitted to say that the resolution was one of the rankest
1  party measures    Mr A in the course ol his remarks, magm
lied thedanger ofa calhsienwith GieatEntail—lderredto her
vast militaiy and naval power, and showed that of hei army,
i   even on otu very boideis, there was a laiger and better appoint
ed force than the wholt  army of the United ¡states    With
such power in the hands of otu opponents, and in out defence
les3 condition, the Ian fie 's < f New \ irk might be deluged in
i   blood, hertowns ,df    cKed, ar d dltnagcs tloiethat woildbe
niLpaiable heloie we could he pie¡ trctl to delend ourselves
I   Tn the coid tltiinwlucli we wete with Gieat Britain, he was
not willing to go to wat upon an l&sue in wmch we weie deci
dedfy mthe wiong—jn ís^ut, he sai , which we would notdaie
to submit to foreign natiors for arbitrament    He did not sub
scribe to tbe very learned ol lmon of lulgeCowen and he be
lieved tuat the Caiohne had c imnu.ted tcts ol hostility against
the Btltish before she was destroyed, and theiefoto we had
s ruck the fir=t blow    Speaking 11 the man who was killed on
I   thewharlat f-ch!ossct, he hiunoiou«!y applie! to ihe case a
quotation Irom Mol eie, which, being r ns a ed mean^ 'What
tne devil ha 1 you to do v llh ihe s camboati'   He had heaid a
gentleman <=av, some da *   go   that so long as we had Drniel
Webs ct lor -cue aiy of ^tai°, theie was   10 danger of a war
w itti I ngl tod, and the "t t'emait seemetl to lamei t it    Now
he believtd ltto Letiue, and tcjoicej thatit wa«   o     rlethank-
1   eti Gol that we halamrn at the heal of ail us wht woull pre
j   serve the p ace tl thena ion    O te gieat ibiectV I ad inrising
was to do justice, is lar as he could, to that eminent statesman
I   Great ¡njusiioe had, m  his opinion, been done to him tn the
,   couisoot this dl&cu   ion    Theie was not one wcid in ihat
correspondence   whith   had   been   'o   severely   centured,
l   that    1 c    [Mi      Ada-iis]     (lid   not    erdorse       If    it     had
Ind   the ellect  of   conciliating   the    British    Government
J   anil softening then feelings to \ards us, so much tne better
|   \\ hy, what d d we htar (titer tin  report I isl session, made by
I   the g' ntleman fro n Sou h t arohna [Mi Pickets!]    V\ hy, it
i   laiseda commotion in ijngland, tnu   o trighie letl our Mlri-
tet iheie, tl at he advise 1 oui ingafes to run ?w ,y     ¡hisict
ofMi   Stevens tn h 11 done more  tod   giucc  out  nation than
I   any tl m^'hat had happened since the dtya of the Chesappjke
What would the d fierent mt ins ol Euiope st), but that our
navy had shown the vvhne ft ttb ii   rV*r A ecpsiired rli   Ste
veObOO severelv foi not oemg 1 etter irfortt e 1 of the intentions
of the British Government    lie ventuted to a sert tint there
waanota Charge d'Aflanes at the Cturtol &t  James thattiid
uttknow what pa -c 1 in ih   llutioh Cabinet CouncPs on thib
suhject thouThMr Stevenson was ignoiant orit    Mi   A  then
wmton toexaminethe'em s mdobiecsof here, lution   and
aig led foi some ¡me against tne pt licyofaiop mg k       '
(       When Mr Ada-m^ had cone tided, V i o\e 1 to 1 tt tbo re^o
fu ton on the table
i      Mr  WIcE wished some one to lef-nd Mr S evenson, wlál
had notsjiokeo on the quesnon ba.iinooiK wis r adyat íííe
I   n omtnt, he wou'ddo       ! 1 e House, however,ren  ed to per
¡   mit Mr  W isr to procce 1
The question was th. n u 't n and denied in the affirmative,
as fo'low
YEA*—Mc slS Adams, Allen, Land iTW Andiews Shei.
lock I Andrews Arnold, Avcngg J _„er, Uun-tnl, U" ton
liidseye ¡la ,, P air, licaidnii, P >. «t, lit iggo, Brock,vay'
lit msun >!iIl i En n 1 ru l 'l I>, wn, Bun ell, \V lain
ISut'tr Cx lioun \V lb m !1 Campbtli, Ihoma-sJ Camr oeij
Carutliers Casey John ' dark, ( uwen, Cranston, Cuteis'
Í uslnng Gariett Dtvu, Wm C Dawson, Debt rry, iohn Ed-
wards Evert tt, Fll'moie, Gamble, Gentiy, Goegin, P Q
Co ide, Gi ihni, Cieen Greig Habersham, Hall, IfaVed
\V.   Hastings, Heriy, II iward, Hods in, IIui t, JaiiKa
Irv n, William W   Irwtn,  .lames, ICi lg, Lane, Linn, T  F
