CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
=2áS±
Marshall, Samson Mísoo, Maihtot, Mattocks, Maxwell, May
naid, Mooie, Moma, Moirow,  O&horne, Owsley, Pendleton,
Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ramsey,  I!   Randall, Alexander Ran
eUll, Randolph, Rayner, Renchei, Ridgway, Russell, Saltón
stall, Sergeant, Sheppeid,   Simonton, Sladc, Smith, btanly,
Stokely, Stiatton, Alex H   II   Stuart   John T  Stuart, Ta
liafeiro, J   B    Ihompson,   R W   Thompson,   llliinghast,
Tola % Tnplett, Tiumbull, Undpiwnud,  Wallace, Warren,
EdvfailD  White, Thomas  W  Willi im*, Lewis Williams,
Josei h L Williams, Winthrop, Yoritt., and A   Young—109
NAYb—M ssrs Arrmgton, Atheiton   Banks, Beeson, Bid
lack, Howne, Bjytl, Aaioi V Brown, Charles Blown, Burke,
Chapman, Chiton, Coles, Cross, Dame) R   D   Davi , Dean,
Doan, Üoiír, Eastman, J   C   Eelw rds, Ferns, J   G   Floyd,
C A  Floyd, Fomance, Geiry  William  O   Goode  Goidon,
Harris, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Houck, Houston, Hu
bard, Ingersjll  Jack Cave Johnson, John W   Tones, Kein,
A BlcCjellan, RoheitMcCIellan, McKay, McK^on, M rchand,
Alfred Maisnall   John Thompson Mason,  Mathews   Mediil,
Miller Morgan, Newhard, Pai menter, Partnclfie Payne, Plu
mer, Rey 10 ds, Risr£=s fohaw, Snvder, S t eauod, Sweney, T ont
linson, Tjirey, Vi,n ííuien, Wird   Wa terson,  Westbrook,
lames W \vill am*, Wise, and W >od—70
bo the resolution was laid on the table
A message was íeceired fiom tht- toe late, by the hands of
A   D ciclas esq   fcecietat), informing tht  Iljuse that the
Pie=identul the United :3 ates did, on Ihe 1st of -rptembei in
stant, approve ant1 sigi the till to piuvide k i taking the sixth
census, ot enumeration of mhahit i ,ts of the United states
Also, the lull entitled 'An act n ilhtioi to an act entitled
an actto carry into effect a conven ion hetsveei the United
States and the Mexican Republ c  '
Also the joint resolution to ptoviue ''or the distribution of
thepnr elle urn  of ü e sixth a n-u
A'so, thai the Senate ha 1 pa   ed tie following bills
An act to piovide ui the bettei collectwa, ^aie keeping   and
disbuiseme it of he publicievei ue. hy m  i s of a col potation
to he styled the Fl call oipoi tuoi ol the United fetales
An act a ithoiiztng tnc tra lsim sion of letteis i ul niel ets to
and fiom Mrs Uanlson tree oí ¡ < vtage
An act to provide fsi placing Uiecnough't, Statue of \\ ash
ingtonin the Rotundo ot the Capítol, and foi expenses theicin
mentioned
An act to p-o?Ue for repaning the Potomac Bridge, with an
amendment
Also, th u the Senate had agiepl to the amendment ot this
Housetothe /uwji/iamcndirent tothebi I I\o 8  entitled "Ai
act maiins appr pi atitms tor various lomfl at ons, lot ord
nance, u tin ] i eventing and snptr °smg Indian hostilities '
Mi RAND01PII  fiom the C mnmtei. on Enroled Bihs,
reported that the commute   had examm d the act 'to ptoviie
foi the better collection, safe IceepiiiK and disbursement of th
public revenueby means of a rm,oiation to be styled The
Fiscal* orpoianon of the Untied Slate ," and hid found the
sam   cor-ect    Wheieupon the bill leceived the signatuie of
theSjeakei
A me s-ice ¡v siecuvcl ftom the President of the ITnit(d
States by the hand  of John Iyllr jr e q his private becre
tary, nc tifym« the líou^e iba ihePiesuent had approved an 1
signed the bill ' to appiopnate the piocetdbof the sales of the
public lands and to grant pie empti ui tights "
Oi motion of Vr JOHN C CLARK it was
Resohed, 1 hat no purch se of paj ti J i the u i> of the
House be ma le until the committee appointed on thatsubject re
port to the House at the next session
Mr WI E Cleave having been denied) moved that the rules
of the House be suspended, to enable him to Oder the following
resolution                                          ^                            ,    „
Resohed, ThattheSecietary of State funMi to thisllouse
a copy of any coi ressonelence between Andrew Stevenson,
Minister ot the tinned  tat sat the Coiutot Grea'Britain, and
Isaac Hull, commander ot the fleet ot the United state in the
Mediterranean, m re ation to the dq aituie >f =aid fleet from
that sea in ptospectof a war with Gitat Blitair Anl al  i
copies of any proceedings ha 1 m council of the officers of said
fleet in relation heie o, andalso co| les of any ci ie^pondence
between the said minister and the repartmento, State, and
between an} officer or ofñcets of said fleet and said kepartmer t
in i elation theieto, a id any and a I other papers in possession
of the Department on the subject which it may not be incotr
natible with the mteie=t to rsmmun cate
On which mo ton Mr W asked he yeas and nays, which
were ordered and being taken weie—veas lOd, najsS*
So (two thuds not noting in tut. affi mative) the ru'eswere
not suspended
FORTIFICATION BILL
Mr FILLMORE rose and said that the repoit of the Com
mitue ot Conference (heietofore appointed) on the bill making
appropna ions i. various fortiflcatio is i r o dnance, end for
nreventing and   11 pie  . ígIndian 1 ostilmes had b-en delayed
to this time in consequence of .ul accidental oinsslonon the
cart of the Senate to act upon one of the imendments since
that time, the cénate had concurred m the amendment of thts
House to their amendment and the orly remaining quest™
now that prevented the bill bung finally disponed of, was th
disa^reein  vote of th two Houses m relatu n to the appiopua
tlonofS 0MO foi suiveyofir miliary aefences
Th Committee ont oi erenre hid had a meeting, and n  had
been instruct, d to 11 ike the fo I iwmg i eport
The Committee ot Co. fererce «pp mted by this House and
the ¡Senate on tie hsa leemen <t the two iijjses on these
condal ndaientoftiewiute o " < Billmakmg rapio n
lions for utnous fo locations J r m In mm an I fo, rre
venting and,upi Lsmg Indian o*ti it.es," im, had a cor,
feíenee° m 1 u, in m ra , l cm l°rd t' u he I ouse rcc-ele
non?«a disagreement o  aid ar etijmeut, and coi cur villi the
Senate in th  same
The reptrt having been read—
¡,   no \rO,(E move i th t the House co-icur therein
A commumea ion horn the Tipjgi^plucal Bureau, on the
suhjec of lhe=es irv^ys, wisr-'
it, WvRUi   juie
ieai
lot  he spei e v,ha* woull become of
&. ¿ii'L'to •'-*.'.:■ :.^d,„^:!or,,3"'iorl'
Th  «Pf «KjjII «aid t      hill v JU dbe 1  t
T        i few remarks  bom  Messrs    riLLMORE    DAW
ROWN   of Pennsylvania, W
HVST-
aoTrBM^k   of Pennsy'lvaniarwiSE,   and TILLING
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS moved the previous question
itnd here was a second
a£i A« m*m qwatton vti*ma «a wucaeww  in At rtpPrt
of the Committee of Conference) was ordered to be now
taken
Mr CAVE IOHNSON asked the yeas and nays on the main
question, which were ordeied, and, being taken, resulted as foi
lows
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, L W Andrews, S J An
drews, Arnold, Aycn 2, Baker, Barnard, Barton Bldlack,
Birdseye, Black, Blair, Boardman, Borden, BriBgs, Brockway,
Bronson, C Blown, Jeremiah Iiiown, Burned, Wilham Butler,
Cadioun, Oamtheis, Casey, lohn C Claik, Cowen, Cranston,
Cravens, Ginett Davta, William C Diwson, John Edwards,
Everett, Terns, Fillmore, A L roster, Gamble, P G Goode,
Greig, Habersham, Hall, Halsted, Wm S Hastings, Henry,
Howard, Hunt, Ineexaoll, Jas Irvin, William W Irwin James,
IsiacD Jones, King Lane, Linn, Malloiy, Alfred Marshall,
S Mason, Matiuot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Mooie, Mor
gan, Moriisv Morrow, Osborne, Parmentei, Patridge, Pen
dleton Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Ran
dall, Randolph, Ridgway, Russell Saltonstall, «eigeant, Simon
ton, elade, smith, Sollei , Stanly, Stokeley, Stiatton, JohnT
Stunt, Summers, J B Thompson, Till nshast, Toland, Tom
linson Ti plett, Tmmbull, Van Buren, Wallace Wild, War
ten Westbiook, T I) Wl ite 'in W Williams, Lewis Wil
hams Wirtl lop, Yorke  and A \oung—104
NAYS—Mee„ts Arrmetou Athemn, Banks, B esnn, Bowne,
Boyd, A V Brown M Btown Burke, Willi un B Campbell,
Ihos J Campbell, C lapman, Clinton, Coles Cross, Uamel,
Richard I> Datis, D<.„n Deheny, I)oan Doig Eastman, I
O I'dwaidp, I'gbert John G Tloyd Charles A Flovd, Gcuy,
Goggin William O Goode, Gordon, Gieui. loli Hastings,
Hay  Hopkins Houck, Houston, Iluhird Cave Johnst n I
W Iones Keim Lewis Abrah tm MrClellan Robelt McC el
Ian McKiy McKeon, Muchind, John 1 Mason, Maine  s,
Mediil, Isewhaid Ptyne, Pope Rajnei, Bencher, Reynolds,
RHett Rigtts Shaw S icppc id, Snyder, Stcemod, «v eney,
Tali feuo, Turner, Undetwood, Witteison James W Wil
lutn   lo  I    Williams Wist aid Wood—71
bo the House concur! ed in the l poit of tht Committee of
Confeience and thus the bill after many throes and agonies,
awntsonly thesignatuieof thePiesidetit to becomealaw.
And   on motion of Mi YORKE,
I he House adjoui ned
IN SENATE
Monday, ^eptpmber 6 1841
Mr BENTCN pn^enttd ti e woeeetiinss and
ipitlnnons of a meeting of citizens oí Surry conn
ty, Virgim?, cmticpinirg the raeabure:  of the
ex*ra session, and approving the veto of the
Pic-ideni on ihe Bank bill, which, without de-
bite, «ete laid on t^e lib'e, and trdered lo be
printed
M- PEBRI1<N, from the Committee on the Ju-
c aty, repo- ed die bill from fie House making it
the dutv of Ihe attorney General to nqane into
the v, lilitf of th"  titles to sites on which fortifica
ttons; nr oiher fiibltc v.ork> are erected.
The bill rm kttiE appropr ations for the expenses
of lb.  eutfils of th'- diplomatic agents of the Go
yEmment, w, s t?keri «p.
Mr. BUCHANAN had a remark to make on
one or twi of the p-ovisjons ot this bill; but as the
chairman wt hot in the Senate, he wou'd rather it
would he passed over for tne prpfent
'i h joint resolution for the purchase of water
ir fd hemn, was in«n taken up
K* CALHOUN thought it bet'er to let it he for
the present. Tney vere no* within a few days of
the close ot the session, and he thought it, therefore,
mfimíeiy be'ser tha* i* should lie over.
The resolution was laid on ihe tab'e for the pre-
sent
Mr BENTON submitted a rcsolation directing
the Secretan of the Senat  to send to the President
a copy of document 104, relating to th* quatHit es,
of land «urveved and withheld from sale
Mr. B said it apneprec1 irom thts d( enmert ti at
ther" fere eight mh'icns fi?e hundred tnot^aid
scres of ls>nd prepared (or «aV, ^nd rou et brought
laonntket We t ert itifon ! bv i^e S"n^'or
lr mi Kentucky on fan'rt'ay, that the Treasury wa-
gr al'y 'n debt, and on that dav we mcregs d the
debt some mill ons- more, and ve have bad treati's
referre4 'o u? which will lake o™.e millics mor
In this distre«sed condttti u of tie Tr<a««ry, it re
ouried lo lute, if 'he Presiden sr a"irre of thp
gteat annul" of lend* lead/ for «a'e, he would
Older st iieof thf-T  to b- brcujht n o nnrhet, s>rd
thus relie< th  Tre"si rv from a portion of i's i m-
batrao meot If i'-ey .^re now oiderfd for sale,
thej could be se Id in Deeemb r nex* and th" p*o
ceet's derived flora tbein roieht p"tnsr" "vert lie
i ec sMty of the loans wh ch it was sad would be
nece'«irv . bin* th't p^r'o^1
BAr SMITH of IndiP'a 'hnngh* the motiru i
mo'-t remarkab'e one It w?s re'iher r"spi ctlu!
nor proper He would move to lay it on ihe
table.
Mi. CLAY of Alabama asked the Sena'or to
withdraw the motion for araoisent
Mr. S withdrew the motion.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he saw nothing
disrespectful in Ihe motion, nor was it unusaal to
make such a motion. He hoped, with the Senator
from Mtssovtii, that ihe tWenUon of the President
•Aould be turn d to wit. subject Within the last-
year there had been offered for fa'e bat 584,000
acres of land, where there has been usually, m the
S'me time, five oi six millions offcied for sale.
What is the objeci of withholding these landst from
sale'? Is it that the States may clutch a greater
quantity under the Distribution law? Now, white
increased taxation is proposed; when a public debt
of twelve milhrn of dollars has been contracted;
and when vte have been informed that sixteen,
millions more will b* wanted in December next,,
why not sell some of these lands, which would
bring money into the Treasury, where it tsso much
wanted
Mr CLAY of Ky asked what the Senator from
Alabama scught by such a movement? The docu-
ment was communicated by the Secretary of the
Tieasurv, who was under the immediate eye aad
control of tbe Piesident, and supposed to do Bo-
th n« without his assent. The document virtually
came from the President; and, besides, there wete
four or five copies of all the public documents laid
berore the Piesident. Where, then, was the ne-
cessity of sending this? The other day only gen-
ilemen manifested ¿teat respect for the Executive.
H<id they lost their new-born zeal, and so much of
their respect as to send such a document to him,
by way of hint1 Thtre were various reasons why
these land* had b^en withheld, but the principal
one \j as to favor those vi y pre emptions of whieh
s f i,tlemen on th' other sid„ had talked ¡eo much.
Tney were afraid that if the lands were put up the
speculators wou d buy up their improvement .
Now, althoueh'he bad never said so much in favor
of the pre-e-nptive puncip c, still he had ever b^en
fiom first to Ifbt ¿gainst tbe speculators No such
motive as increasing the amount to be distributed
to the States e?er enteied into the head of any
body connected 'vith the Executive or legislative
branch of the Government. The motion was so
unusual, so contrary to all propriety, that Se-
nators must see at a glance that it ought not to be
adopted
Mr 8ENTON meant no disrespect to the Presi-
dent, but he thought it veiy desirab e for iiim to
possess this document Documents sent to the
President m ma^e-, aj they were from the two
Houses of Congress, were seldom looked into.
The President might well bo supposed to be igno-
rant of the details of his office, f r no one man
could examine all the masses of papers brought be-
fore tin-, body. As money was wanted in the
TreasBiy, it would be seen how it m ght be ob-
tained, by bringing those land  into market. With
respect to reasons for keep ng out these lands, he
could ouly say that ihe lea'ons designed by the
Commissioner ot tbe General Land Office are at
least ?s authentic as snv taa  may be íwagmed by
any Senator oi this d oi, and that t nicer, in all
the reasons he te~ sv-ipned for witrholdmg these
lat.d> fiom sale, has not said, m any ense, they
uere withheld in accordance with a request from
prc-empters
Mr WALKER wis opposed to having the lands
m Mrs ssippi brtuah* into market at this juncture,
h 'hey were no  ofiered for 'ae in that S'ate, be-
fore ^he had selected her 5 000 acres under the
l.md law, the best lands we uld be purchased up by
spectators H" de ired that tbe President might
kno./ ih'it he, lew cne, pr0trst°d against such a
me. sur' until the St le bad made her selection
M- CLAY of A'abami made some further re-
m^ks .n lavor ot f-e motion.
Mr SVHTHof Ind ana said ih'suasa stranee
motion indeed. What is it' Nothing nore nor
le .- iban to s-md to the President a copy of a docu-
mnt wh ch te airea'\ his before him. The mo-
tion was pred ca'ed on the presumpnon that tbe
Pus dent required 'he aid of the Senate to bring to
, s notice the documents fuim bed Confretó by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Mr S would not pre-
sume that the Prendent required any such aid; and,
if he did, the Senate should not be used for any
such purpose,   It wottld be degrading to tha oaes
