CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
stsm
50 CTS. PER EXTRA SESSION.
27m Co>g..........1st Se«s.
Conhnved from .¡Vo 27
that they wiuldtal e i deposition m i\ew York on the 13th, m
relation to that veiy q vstion of fact which occurred twentv
J ears ago in t lernory moie than one thousand miles off
IN ow he w uld ir quire wnether any authority had been given
to the magistrates Coote and Tallmadge, to take these deposi
Hon 7 Was thure any commission given to take testimony?
Was then, any ordei or íesolve ef the committee authorizing
these dep si ions to be taken*
Mr 11A1 <VFU wis understood to say that there was not, but
that it 1 ^d b"et c tomary f r parties to take testimony m that
way lulieusedb fore he Committee of Flections These de
posiuoi = w te taken before the densionol the committee
Mr V\ 1-5E ^.aid he tha iked the gentleman for the statement
Soitapreaiel hat the question of estoppel was suspended the
couit wUJ tdHmir testimony—while the silting Delegate was un
certain whether it would be nece=saiy to go into an investiga
Hon of tl e i-ict the court was giing on to take testimony
against hi n Mr Wise here read the notice from the lemon
stran sto Mr I ev\ thattl ey would take depositions before Mr
Co te, in Was mnon on the Uth and before Mr Tallmadge,
mNewYork oniheUh Who was tins notice sent by? Peter
Smith wh ) was n it on \j one of the remonstrants butoneofthe
witnesses also The Delegate goes to the committee, and asks
if authotity had been g wen to these persons to take depositions,
and i answere 1 in t te negative Now he is to attend at the
coui t here on the J \ th the testimony before Mr Coote is taken
en the same day, and in New York testimony is to be taken on
the 13lh      lr this is too rapid strides for courts of lustice
It the seat of Mr Levy had been contested by an opposing
cin i la e he would have been obliged to conform to ail the
Sornih e3 requned by the laws of Florida in cases of contest
ed elpctious 1 ut by this mode of proceeding by a íemonstrance
lustead oi a contesting candidate all the wholesome restraints
and formalities of the law have been unfairly evaded Mr
W then slightly glanced at tl e mentsof the case, stating the
pointa a id the evidence on which the sitting Delegate relied,
and t-aid that urderthe circumstances he would not now go
behind the certifícate o! Governor Worthmgton, and the deci
Bions of the couiis which he looked apon as prima facie evi
d nee at 1 he did not know but he might consider it as conclu
sre Ihi^cae effected not Mr Levy alone, but thousands
and tens of tftousind of others whose rights to citizenship rest
ed ontheriench an 1 Spanish treaties bj which Louisiana and
Flori la f ecime patts of the United States
\fters j nr= t r hci lemail s ¡n explanation, by Messrs GAM
BIE an 11 ZV\
Mi POPE ( ) give time for consideration) moved that the
House a ljo it     wh en motion prevailing—
The Í1 use adjourned
IN SENATE,
Tuesday-, September 7, 1841.
Mr TALLMADGE preseated a memorial from
sundry brush makeis, asking that no additional
duty may be imposed upon bristles. Laid on the
table
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a preamble
and resolutions of a meeting of the citizens of
Pike, Jackson, and HocWng counties, Ohio, ex-
pressive of iheir satisfaction with the course of
the Whigs at the precent session, and condemning
the ve o
Mr C would only add, that more intelligent
and patriotic men did not exist than those of the
valley of Scioto who had done him the honor of
making htm the organ of presentation of their
views,     Read and laid on the table.
On motion of Mr  BENTON,
Rrsolved Th it the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Sen ite whether all the noney due to the United Slates fiom
the Pet nsylvaniailank of the united ¡states has been paid into
thelieasury aid if not the amounts and interest not paid,
and the reasons wl y not paid and the actual stale and condi
tlon  f the moneys &c
lug bill making appropriation for the ouifit
and arrtaragev of the diplomatic agents of the
G ive nmtnt was taken up in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr MANGUti moved to amend the bill by
striking out the appropriation for the salary of a
Ciatge at Naples.
On ihu motion a debate ensued which lasted
urn 1 the nornns; hour had expired, Messrs.
R1VE3, BUCHANAN, KING, and others
participating, when, on motion of Mr. CLAY, the
Senate proceeded to tV discussion of
THE REVENUE BILL
Mr CHOATE moved to amend the biH by
adding 'o the 1st section 19 h line, after th  wed
sa'tpptre, 'Hallow," in the 61st and 62i lines, the
woids "raoba r, marrow and other soap slocks, and
palm c '," so as to make them free articles
Mr C then exp'amed the object he had in
view by the amendment, and advocated it in some
brief remarks.
Mr. CLAY opposed the insertion of tallow at
the present time.
MONDAY,  SEPTEMBER 13, 1841.
Volume 10...........No. 28.
The question having been taken on the amend-
ment, it was decided in the negative.
Tne que*tion was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment, and decided id the af
urinative.
Mr. BATES then moved to amend the bill by
inserting m the 45 h line of the 1st section, after
the word berries, "smalts," and after the word
dying, "pmnelle."
Mr B explained the object of the amendment
The first was a delicate dye u ed in the manufac-
ture of paper and earthenware. It was a small
affair, and not calculated to interfere with the re-
venue The second article was used in the manu-
facture of buttons and shoes, of which ihere were
several establishments in his own immediate
neighborhood.
The question was then taken on the adop ion of
the amendment, ana decided in the affirmative.
Mr CALHOUN then moved to amend the bill
by adding to the end the 1st section the following
proviso:
"Prtn ided, That any change made by thliuict which accord
lrg to the provisions of the act of 2d March 1833, commonly
called the compiomi^e act, cannot take efiect prior to the 1st
July, 1832 shall be postponed until that time
Mr CLAY said he could not consent to any
such amendment. The whole effect would be to
refer this subject to the Judiciary, instead of carry-
ing out the measure by their own legislation. It
would be creating revenue in a very different way
The object of the bill was to raise money. Suppose
there was revenue wanted and coull only be ob-
tained by going beyond the compromise, they
would have to do it He was desirous to preserve
the compromise act inviolate, and his hope and
belief was that they misht by ecomomy be able to
do so, but, with all they were doing with this bill,
there would still be a deficit of some ten or twelve
millions of dollars if the loan was to be met.
Mr CALHOUN said all professed to be going
on the ground that the compromise act was to be
respected, but he had his fears that it would end in
a violation of every principle of that act. The
land bill had produced a deficit, which they were
called on to replace, and that would go to violate
the spirit of the compromise.
Mr. CLAY said the next year there would be a
deficit of eight millions. Well, the land bill un-
der the most prosperous state of things would be
only three millions which, deducted from the eight
millions, would still leave a deficit of five to be
provided for The vote of the Stnator and his
friend* in exempimg tea and coffee, had helped to
swell the deficiency. He thought tea and coffee
the most desirable articles on which to raire reve-
nue, for reasons which he had given on another
occasion. There was an opposition to a land bill,
which the S-nator thinks wong, and because he
does so, he will not vote for this bill, although the
supplies be wanted, because that bill had been
passed. Now what is the principle of such a step?
Why, that any Senator might refuse to vote sup-
plies to carry on the Government, because a mea-
sure to which he was unfriendly sht uld have passed
the Senate The great principle that governed Re
publics was that the majority should decide.
The debate was further continued onthf amend-
ment by Mr. CALHOUN, in its favor, and Mr.
HUNTINGTON against the same; when the ques-
tion having been taken, by yeas and nays, was de-
cided in the negative, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Mc-
Roberts  Sevier, and Young—11
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber
lien, Buchanan, Choa'e, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Mangum Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter,
Prentiss, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallmadge, andWLite—24
Mr WRIGHT then moved to amend the bill by
in<ertinz, at 88 of the 1st section, after the word
" wood," the following " But this proviso shall
not be so construed as to increase the duty now by
law imposed upon the woods mentioned in it, and
imported from any port or place within the pro-
vinces of Upper or Lower Canada."
After a tew remarks from Mr. EVANS, the
question was taken on the adoption of the amend-
ment, and df cided m the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Cuthbert, King, Linn, Nicholson, Sevier,
Tanpan, Walker, Woodbndge, Wnghtand Young
—13
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallmadfje, and White—24
Mr f ULLER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting, in the 56th line of the first section, after the
word "/«site," " ground flint," which motion was
adopted.
Mr. BENTON then tnoved to amend the bill by
inserting, in the 22d line of the 1st section, after the
words to wit, the following- " Blankets costing not
above 75 rents each, from and after the 30th day
of June, 1842"
Mr. B said the rates of duty on these blankets
during the administrations of Jackson and Van Bu-
rén were comparatively small, not over 5 per cent.
—quite a low rate of duty. He desired to have
the article exempted, because it was used generally
by poor people
Mr. CLAY opposed the amendment, on the
ground that the revenue derived from this source
was considerable, and that every dollar of it would
be wanted, and read a letter from Buffalo, which,
he said, was written by a highly respectable gentle-
man, «ho stated that the effect of this amendment
would be to destroy the manufacture in this coun-
try of blankets for the Indian trade, and throw it
altogether into the hands of the British manufac-
turer.
Mr. BENTON, in reply, said that the amend-
ment did not touch blankets used by the Indians 
They must have a blanket which will answer as a
substitute for the buffalo hide, and they cost much
higher than seventy-five cents. He then read from,
an omcial document the following list of prices for
Indian blankets:
Siirhng cost of Indian blanket! in England, from tn 
vottes of the ytar 1832.
Points
Len
gth
Width.
Weight.
Cost per
pair.

ft.
in
ft.   in.
pounds
s.   d.
4
7
6
6
6
24    8
3Í
6
8
5     6
54
16  11
3
6

5
a
13    6
24
5

4
3i

2
4
3
3     6
24
6    9
li
3
6
3
11
S
The question was taken on the amendment, and
decided in the negative, as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Benton, Berrien,
Buchanan, Caloun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nichol-
son, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—20
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Moiehead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss,Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, and While—25
Mr BENTON said, if revenue was the object
of ihe bill, he could devise a plan to put a million
of dolíais m the Treasury at least. He would
move to strike out from the first section the article
of raw hides
On this motion quite an animated discussion
took place, the amendment having been warmly
