4áá
supported by Mr BENTON and as warmly op-
posed by Mr EVANS.
Mr. WALKER said he was not prepared to
vote for the propos'tioa of bis friend from Missou-
ri. Raw hides were an article which entered
largely into the commerce of Mississippi in a ma-
nufactured state, and he would not agree to lay
any additional burdens upon the people of that
State.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and decided in the negative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Fulton, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton, Ni-
cholson, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana,
Tappan, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Bernen, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Phelps,,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Walker, White and Wood-
bridge—28.
Mr. BENTON said the Senate would recollect
that, at the last session, he had asked leave to bring
in a bill to tax the circulation of banks and bank-
ers, which leave had been refused, chiefly on the
ground that the bill involved the origination of a
revenue measure, which could only constitutionally
originate in the House of Representatives. Ac
quisecing in that decision, he had withdrawn his
bill, and given notice that he would take advan-
tage of the first appearance of a revenue bill in
this chamber, to offer it as an amendment to such
mil, which all admitted could be done, and thus
avoid the objection to originating revenue bills in
this chamber. That opportunity had now arrived-
a revenue bill has come into this chamber frsm the
House of Representatives—the bill now before the
Senate for laying duties on the comfort-, and neces-
saries of life- and to this bill I offer my bill of the
last session, as an amendment, to come in as a new
section at the end of the bill
The amendment was sent to the table, and was
read as follows
Be it further enacted, That fiom ami alter the tail day of
December, one thousand eight hundud and foityone, there
shall be laid and collected throughout the United States, its
Territories, and the District of Columbia, a tax on bank notes
and all other paper put into circulation as money, by corpora
tions, individuals, or companies, as follows
On note , and other paper lor circulation, of the denomina
«on of twenty dollars and upwards, one pel centum per annum
on the amount of the circulation thereof
On notes, and other paper lor circulation of the denomina
lion of five dolíais and under twenty dollars two per centum
per annum on the amount of the circulation thereof wuh one
per centum per annum m addition their  until the said tax
amounts to twelve per centum pci annum
On notes, and other citculating pat ei of les denomination
than five dollars, four pel centum p i mnunun t! e imount of
the circulation thereof, with two \ rr re uum pci innuin in a I
ditlon thereto, until the said tai. am umts o twelve pet centum
per annum
Ssc 2 And be it furthei enacted, Tint eveiy dcscnption
of paper put into cnculation hy coipnaiieri, companies, or
individuals, which eh til be tiansferab e lydelivciy indwilh
out the endorsement of each passer there of and without being
subject to the laws which ap( 1> to inland bills of exchin«e
•hall be held and deemed to be tcn filiating paper within the
meaning of this act, and shall be subject to the tax hereby im
pond
Sso 3 And be %t further enacted That every corpoiation
company, onndividual, who shall issue noics of pipei 01 the
foregoing descriptions, shall be sub), ct to ti e tix afórela d and
■within thirty days after the last d ly of •si ptembei in each and
every year, shall make out and traismitto the Secretary oí the
Treasuiy and the marshal of thed strict m which thesaul issue
¡« made, a statement vended bv ufti I ivit showing the average
quarterly amount ol the circulation of their notes or paper for
jhe three first quauers of the ycai an I ih mini ted iveiajre
circulation for the remaining quartei the average of which
four quaters shall be held and taken to bi the annual circula
tion, the said statement tobe madp out iccoi ling to a form 10
be obtained from the Secretary of the Treasmy through the
marshal of the district on failuie to make which return the
said corporation, company 01 individual shall be liable to a dou
ble tax and to afine of fifty thousand doll ,!•*
Sbc 4 And be it further enacted That mimed ately on
receiving said returns the ¡secret íy of the lieasury
«hall cause the tax accruing tlieieupon to be collected by the
marshal, and dulv accounted for and ¡ aid ovei by him
Seo 5   And be it further enacted That            per cen
turn shall be allowed to each marshal foi his compensation in
collecting and paying overeaul money*
Sbc 6 And be it further enae'ed That aihtiona] and se
párate security shall be required U\ m ich marshal for the
faithful discharge of his duties nuclei this act
Seo 7 And be it further enacted, Hat all doulle taxes
incurred under this act for a defa lit in not making leturns
of the circulation, shall be computed by the mn'hal of the dis
tnct and the Secretary of the Treasuiy ace i h g lothe leputed
capital employed, or circulation i«i e I hy tie deln
«tient party and all fines under this art i,hilt be lecoveia
J* b/ ¡action of debt, and shall be divided between the in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
formers and the law officers of the United States prosecuting
the same
The amendment having been read, Mr. B. said:
This is a very proper time, Mr. President, to bring
in a proposition of this character—a proposition
to bring bank notes into the catalogue of taxable
articles m the United States. The time is very
appropriate for this proposition; font happens to
be a time when taxation is the order of the day—
when borrowing and squandering—debts, loans,
and taxes—are the daily work of Congress; and
when the necessaries and comforts of life, so long
either free from tax, or in the course of reduction,
and intended by the Democracy to be made free,
are seized upon by the now dominant party, and
subjected to new and heavy tax. During the wise,
prudent, and patriotic administrations of Jackson
and Van Buren, the articles of tea, coffee, spices,
fruits of foreign origin, with silks, linens and
worsted goods, and many other articles, to the an-
nual value of seventy-six millions of dollars, weie
made free of tax, to the great relief of the ci-
tizen, and the great encouragement of com-
merce. Other articles, to the annual value of
fourteen millions of dollars, among which
were common blankets, were reduced to small du-
ties, paying from five to fifteen per centum on the
foreign cost Other articles, among which 1 spe-
cify the pre-eminent one of salt, was in a course of
reduction of duty, and intended by the Democracy
to be entirely free in a short time. All these are
now seized upon—I should rather siy, were seized
upon (for we have snatched tea and coffee from
their grasp) by the party now in power, and sub
jected to a tax, nominally of twenty per centum on
the value, but in reality above fifty, when the
costs of importation, the home valuation, the cash
duties, the wholesale merchant's profit, and the
retailer's profit, are taken into account. We are
now engaged in this new and truly federal work
of taxation—universal taxation—extending to all
that comes from abroad and which enters into the
consumption of Ihe country. At such a time, it
must certainly be a proper time to bring forward
bank notes as a fit and suitable item to be brought
within the grasp of the taxing power.
The time is proper, and the article more to. The
article is the paper money, issued by banks and
banker', and which, to them, is not only property,
but the means by which they acquire property, and
the instrument by which they govern the price of
property, putting up and putting down the price of
all property as it sun? the daily calculations of
their own interest Nothing can be more reasoable
than to require the banking interest, which is em-
ployed jn that branch of domestic manufactures
which consists in convening the cheap and vile
material of lampblack and rags into ihe va'uab'e
commodity of money; nothing can be more rea-
sonable than to require this interest to contribute
something, in common wuh the rest of the comrru-
nitr, to the support of the Government under
wh'ch we live. It is a larg  interest, very
able to pay taxes, most proper to them, and
which pays nothing on us peculiar wealth.
It is an inteiest which holds the pur e of
the nation, and should put something into the na-
tional purse. Itis an interest which possesses many
privileges over the rest of the community, many
privileges granted to it by law, many oihers
usurped m defiance of law, and wh ch, in fact, is
above all law, and all governm*nt, and conducts
itself with tyranny or lenity, with good faith or bad
faith, precisely as it suits its own interest. In ad-
dition to all the privileges and advantage , granted
io (his interest, or usurped by it, is the great privi-
lege of exemption from Federal taxation While the
producing and laboring classes, with their small
incomes, are all taxed, or to be taxed, in ¡heir com-
forts and necessaries—in their iron, salt, coffee,
tea, sp ces, sugar, molasses, coarse blankets, and
so many other article*—the banking interest,
which wallows >  wealth, riots in luxury, ana deals
and gambles in hundreds and thousands of mil-
lions of dollars per annum, is to be untaxed m
the ¡article wh ch con«titutes it, wealth, and
makes it master of the wealth of the country This
is wrong—radica ly, fundamentally, wrong, wrong
in itself, and unjnst, injurious, and iniquitous to
the rest of the community.   It has long been my
11      '     -I '/"«■ ' --                       '                           ■                          —i-^:
purpose to endeavor to terminate this injustice.
This is the proper time to make the attempt, and
the more so as the banks in three-foiuihs of the
Union are now in an open state of revo't against
all law, and against all Government, refusing to
pay their notes, while the foreign exchanges, the
abundance of gold and silver, the peacelul state
of the world, and the universal regularity of com-
merce, deprive them of every pretext to continue
their unjust and tyrannical suspension.
In other countries, the moneyed interest, em-
ployed in banking, is subject to taxation. I know
of no country in which banking is to'erated, except
our own, in which this interest is not taxed In
Great Britain*—that country from which we bor-
row the bankm  system—the banking interest pays
its full proportion of the public taxe«, it pay near
four mi lions of dollars per annum. It paid, m
1836, the sura of §3,725,400, in 1337, it ra<d the
sum of §3,594,300 These are the last years for
wfaich I have seen the details of British taxation,
and Ihe amounts I have stated comprehend the
bank tax upon the whole United S ingdom, upon
Scotland and Ireland, as well as upon England and
Wales. It is a handsome item in the budget of
British taxation It is an amount worth collecting,
and was levied on two branches alone of the bank-
ing business- on the circulation and the bills of ex-
change. The discounts were not taxed In the
amendment which I ha/e proposed, the Circulation
alone is proposed to be taxed—one br?nch only
out of the three branches of the banking business-—
and thus the paper system will'till be more favored
m this country than in Great Britain—the country
from which we get it.
In our own coun ry, Mr B said, the banking in-
terest had formerly been taxed, and that in al1 Ks
branches- in ns circulation, its discounts, and l's
bills of exchange Th's was during the la e war
with Great Britain, and though the banking busi-
ness was then small compared to what it is now,
•yet the product of the tax was consideiable, and
well worth the gathering it was about §500,000
per annum. At the end of the war this tax was
abolished, whne most of the war taxes laid at l'ie
same time, for the same purpose, and foi the sime
period, were continued m force; among them the
tax on salt, and other necessaries oí Ufe By a
perversion of every principle of righ eous taxa-
tion, the tax on banks was abolished, and thai on
salt was continued This has remained the case
for twenty-five years, and it is time to revn e the
proceeding. It is time so make the bankj ps-y, and
to H salt go iree.
Mr. 3. ne\t «tated the rrarrer c£ levy ns the
bank tax at present n Great Bi tain, whi i, he
said, was done wuh great fací! ly ard simplicity.
It was a it vy of a fix d s^m on the average circu-
lation of the j ear, whic1) the bank was rpq ired to
gne in for taxation, like anv other property, and
the amount was then rejected by a disfess war-
rant, if rot paid This simjrle and obvionsmethod
ot making the lew, had been adopted m 1815, and
had been followed ever since. Befo-e that time, zt
was effected througb ihe mslrumeriality of a
stamp duty, a stamp be ng required foi each note,
but with the pmilege oí compounding for a gros3
sum In 1815, the option of corapomdmg was
dropped, a gro*s amount was fixed by lav/ ps the
tax upon ev^ry million of the circulation, „nd tms
charg- in the mide of collection las ope-dtea so
beneiically, thai, though temporary at f"st, it has
been made permanent The amount fixed vas at
the rate of =£3 500 for every mi lion 7 ais was
for the circulation onlj a s=pa¡ate ard much hea-
vier tax % as la,d upon bills of exchange, o be col-
lected by a stamp duty, without the puvi'ege of
compos tion.
Mr, B here read, from a recent b slcry ox the
Bank of England, a brpf acou t oí the taxa'ion
of the circulation of that instimtiui for the la^t
fifty years—from 1790 to ihe present time. It was
at that time ber circuWion began to b<> tpxed, be-
cause at that time onl  did she begin to have a cir-
culation which dispUced. the specie of the country.
She then be{,an to i<-sUe note* under ten pounds,
having been iii st cha-tc-red wuh the puviltge of
issuing none oí le-.s denomination than one hun-
dred pounds    It  was a century-—from   1G94 to
