436
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and on any description of bank notes. That power has already
been exercised, (from 1813 to 1817;) and tbeduties may be laid
to such an amount, and in such a manner, as may be necessary
to effect the object intended. ( To establish a nuiform curren-
cy, he enumerates as one of the objf cts to be thus effected )
Theexeici3eef the power for thtumjert is free ofany consti-
tutional objection, provide f thediuiegthus laid shall be uni-
form, and applied to the Batikof ihe Ujimi* States, as well as
to the State banks. The act of 'aying and collecting the du-
ties, which is a power exptessly granted, is alone sufficient to
effect the objret.       *                   Confess may, if it deems
proper, lay a stamp duty on small notes, which will put an end
to their circulation. * * * It may lay surh a duty
on all hank notes, as would conveitall the banbsinto banks
of discount and deposite only, annihilating the paper currency,
and render a Bank  f the United States unnecessary in refe-
rence to that object."
Such, said Mr. B. is Mr. Gallatin's opinion on
this subject. He considers it both constitutional
and expedient to suppress the cnculation of small
notes in this manner, aad so do I. It is constitu-
tional, for it is a power expressly granted. It will
be efficient, for (he tax can be made whatever is
necessary to accomplish the object. And here it is
gratifying to be able to say, that our Constitution
contains two distinct express powers, by which our
banks, and their paper currency, may be regulated:
namely, the power to establish a bankrupt system,
« and the power to lay and collect duties. These two
powers are sufficient to regulata the currency and
the banks; and only require to be exercised by Con-
gress, in order to put an end to all pretext for a
National Bank—a species of remedy far worse
than the disease, bad as the disease may be.
Mr. B. repeated that his amendment presented
two distinct features, one purely and simply finan-
cial, to produce revenue, by a tax on bank notes
generally; the other extending beyond revenue, and
incidentally accomplishing the great object of gra-
dually diminishing the circulation of small bank
notes. If the amendment should be adopted, at
least one million of revenue might be expected
from it in the course of the ensuing year, and in-
creasing with 'he periodical expansions of the pa-
per system. This would be one great object. A
second great object would be to terminate the cir-
culation of all paper money under five dollars in
Ihe period of (our or fife yean. In addition to
this, the amendment can be easily extended so as
to effect the suppression ot all notes under twenty
dollars within the period of time that Congress
should designate. Por biniíelf, Mr. B. said he was
in fttvor of suppressing all paper circulation under
one hundred dollars; but the public mind was not
yet ripe for sostrong a measure. It would require
two or three years more to bring the public mind
up to that point—two or three years more of bank
criminality, bank immorality, bank depredation on
the'eommunity, and public and private loss and
suffering under bank tyranny, to bring the public
mind up to the point of security which the public
safety requires.
The "question having been taken on the adop-
tioi of this amendment, the vote stood as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Linn, McRo-
berts, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker,
and Woodbary—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Choate, Clay of A'abama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Evans, Pulton, Graham,
Huntingion, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head,Porter, Premise, Preston, Ri/es,Sevier,Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge—38.
Mr. BENTON then moved to amend the bill by
striking out from the 1st section, in line 55, the
words "furs undressed of all kinds "
Mr. B. said this amendment, it adopted, would
produce to the Treasury about $2(10,000 per an-
num. In addition to this it would afford conside-
rable relief to the American free trade, which at
present labored under tais disadvantage, that
while foreign furs were admitted free of duty from
eveiy country under the sun, American furs
are taxed with heavy duties by eray fore'ga pow-
er. The amendment was then rejected—ayes 18,
noes 25, as follow*,:
YEAS—-Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, Mou-
ton, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Evans, Henderson, Huntington, Mangum Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prenti&s, Pres-
ton, Rives, Simmons, Smith ef Indiana, Soulhard,
Tallmadge, ¥/hite, and Woodbridge—25.
No other amendments being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the question being
on concurring in the amendments made in com-
mittee, a motion was made to except the amend-
ments respecting; watches, jewellery, &c. and
bleaching powders, and to take the question on the
others collectively; which was agreed to, and the
balance of the amendments concurred in.
The question being then on concurring with the
committee in making watches, parts of watches,
jewellery, &c. liable to a duty of twenty per
cent__
A long discussion ensued, in which Messrs. CAL-
HOUN, CLAY of Kentucky, WRIGHT, KING,
and WALKER, advocated a reduction of the duty,
on the ground that the inly effect of a duty of
twenty per cent, would be to drive the fair trader
from the business, to encourage smuggling, and to
reduce the revenue. At the present time, an insu-
rance could be effected in European ports to smug-
gling goods into this country at seven and a half
per cent. The money that would be paid into
our Treasury in case the duties were moderate,
would thus be given [in premiums for dis-
honest dealings. It would abolish entirely one
branch of regular trade, and put it in the hands of
smugglers. The reduction was opposed by Messrs.
CLAY of Alabama, BATES, BUCHANAN, and
WOODBURY, on the ground that these articles
were most proper objects of taxation; that the argu-
ment of smuggling could be brought against the
imposition of any duty; and that, while the com-
mon necessaries of life were taxed at the rate of 20
per cent, it was wrong that articles of mere luxury-
should be placed at a greatly reduced rate.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the committee in the duty of 20 per cent, on
watches, jewellery, &c. and decided m the affirma-
tive—ayes 30, noes 12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Bates, Benton,
Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Linn, McRo-
berts, Mangum, Miller, Mouton, Nicholson, Por-
ter, Prenti's, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, White,
Woodbury, and Young—30
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Cuthbert, Henderson, King, Merrick, More-
head, Sevier, Soulhard, Walker, and Wright—12.
Mr. SIMMONS said it was at his suggestion that
bleaching powder had been inserted in Ihe bill,
since which he had bren fully satisfied that the ar-
ticle could be manufactured in this country to any
adequate extent, and he should therefore move that
the Senate do not concur in the amendment.
This motion having prevailed, bleaching powder
is now liable to a duty of 20 per cent.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to amend the bill by
exempting salt from duty, after the 30h June,
1842, and on that motion he desired the yeas and
nays.
The question having been taken, the vote Mood
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King, Linn, Mo
Roberts, Mouton, Niehobon, Preston, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, White,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20
NAYS—Messrs. Archer,Bairow, Bate?, Bayard,
Berrien, Calhoun, Choate,Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, HuntingtOD.Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon,
and Tallmadge—24
An amendment was offered by Mr. CHOATE,
in relation to an allowance of drawback on all
spirits manufacturned from foreign molasses ac-
cording to the quantity of molasses used; and
Mr. CHOATE sent a memorial to the Chair,
which was read in explanation.
This amendment was opposed by Mr. CLAY
and Mr. BENTON, and on the question being taken
it was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY then proposed to so amend ihe bill
as that it should be made to take effect trom and
after the 30th of September. He w?s aware ihrre
was a great diversity ot opinion tn relati n u> ihe
subject; but on the whole there was a gr- at ma.
jonty who cincorri-d on some short day Every
discerning m> rchan! must have seen that th" ses-
sion vtould not terminate without some such law,
and the only regret was that the bill shuud have
been so long before Congress—long enough, in
fact, to have a'lowed orders to have been sent, and
returns received, or other orders countermanded.
Mr. WRIGHT ¡-aid he felt it bis duty to move
an amendment to the amendment, by moving to
insert the words '-thnty days from aDd after the
passage of this act"—a time, in his op n'on, too
short, but would allow of any orders being coun-
termanded. He left it to the sense of the Senate,
and should ccntent him-elf with asking the yeas
and nays on the question.
Mr. CLAY &anl the bill had s-tood frcm tbe first
September, ever since it was first introduced, and
all had had time during the discussion lo have
taken what steps they might have ¿ecmed most
conducive to their interests.
Mr. WOODBURY was in favor of tne time
fixed by the Senator from Kentucky, ai well from,
the advantages ¡hat would result as the conveni-
ences to the Department. It was the time the com-
mercial year commenced, and from which the ac-
counts were made up.
The question having been take  on the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was decided in the ne-
gative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Choate, Cuthbert Mouton, Smith of Conn. Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, and Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Arctier, Barrow, Bales,
Bayard, Berrien, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, King, McRibert*, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Nicholsi n, Porter,
Preston, Rtv„s, Sevier, Summon?, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Tallmadge, White, Woodbury,
and Young—32.
Mr. CALHOUN then said he felt it his duty to
move to ame.id the amendment by rosTting the
words "from the 1st November next." He thought
a shorter time than this would be an act of the
grossest injustice that ever people were guilty of.
He instanced the case of merchants in Charleston,
who generally did not receive iheir fall sup-
ply of goods from abroad until ihe mo'.th of
October, and onn.anyoi these aftic es the duty
was raised byth's bill fren nothing to ¡weniy per
cent You almos' (said Mr. C ) con.mit a robbp-
ry, when you allew one nurchtint to avail himself
of the pnvi|<ge of ihis b II, while another might
sacrifice thousands from ignorance of it. All re-
venue bills should go into operation at a distant
period of time.
M>\ BENTON had voted forth"; pioposition of
the Senator from New York, and should ¡ole with
still more satisfaction for the amendment of the Se-
nator from South Carolina, because it extendi d
still further the tm>e. All revenue bills appeared
to him to be drafted with reference to New York,
while New Orleans, an important though du ar.t
port, was nfver thought of. The whole cointntica
of New OrW --*¡ woul i be caught by this- b II, fs ¡t
were, in a trap, and the commetce wt uld Le con-
vulsed, as lis pubhca'ion, and th" tim« f r its
goiug into effect tvouli be almost Mmnit.n-ou«.
Mr. CLAY thought vast ímponatio.,-, ba I al-
ready been maje. Since this bill had been
under considera non, there bad been a npie tt-r-e to
have gone to England and France pnd re am with
cargoes; and, if it 'vere put off un* I -h  l-,t No-
vember, order  wojI,' b  srnt  rd ?11 iln- ware-
houses in Earope veuld be made to ('■ g'irg  their
contents, to the ¡rreaí >rjnry of ihe rrf>n<\". To
fix a short day v.oj'd, ,n hs cpimon, be belter
for commerce, for the country, and f^r the re-
venue.
Mr. CHOATE said: While on this side of the
Cape it would do very well. Tea was nothing
now, but he referred to the Manilla trade. The
difficulties of Cuma had driven a large number of
our vessels into the Manilla trade, and not to make
