488                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rabie Senator that he could and should meet them
and was impatient to do so, and that they knew
¿hat, m obedience to their will, constitutionally ex-
pressed, upon this or any other question, and when-
ever they should choose so to express their will,, he
would not simply meet them, but promptly and
cheerfully, permanently return to them.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that this bill was far,
very far from being what he could desire. Ik
provisions had been greatly improved on its passage
through the Senate. Its most exceptionable features
had been stricken out. Coffee and tea would con-
tinue to be free articles, and an approach, to justice
had been made in regard to railroad iron Be-
sides, it subjected silks and wines to a duty of 20
per cent, which he entirely approved, and he had
no doubt would be sanctioned by a large majority of
the people of Pennsylvania. The finances of the
country wereina mostdeplorab!econdition,andthe
bill would contribute to relieve the Treasury. But,
above all,fee was instructed onthesubject Tbe lan-
guage of these instructions required him "to vote
for such re-modification or adjustment of the tariff
as may increase the revenue derived from imports
equal to the wants of the National Government, so
that at no time hereafter ,under any pretext whatever,
shall any money arising from the sales of the pub-
lic lands be used by the General Government."
This instruction was certainly very vague, and the
bill would not accomplish the object which the Le
gislature had in view, but still it went some dis-
tance towards that ebjee' Under all thíse cir-
cumstances,!^ had determmdto vo e tor the bill
Tvtr. CALHOUN was of opinion that the bill vio-
lated the compromise m ever) particular He was
very anxious to give his views, but the anxiety
that prevailed to bring the subject to a close, coti-
llee ed with the long and exhausting session which
they had just gone through, would induce him to
forbear
Mr WALKER said he would vote against the
bill, not from any unwillingness to grant supplies,
but he was dissatufied that certain artic es had
been left out of the bill, and among others gun-
ny bags.
After some remarks from Messrs. CLAY and
PRESTON,
Mr. ALLEN Jaid • I rise only to say, that in
this, as in all other instances, I shall vote in refe-
rence to what I deem the welfare of tbe country,
regardless of any effort on the other side of the
Senate to assimilate this to votes given by the
Federal party against supplies during the late war.
We are told ot the necessities of the Treasts ry.
Well, nr, by whom and in what manner have
those necessities been created? Not by the Demo-
cracy of the Senate, but by the Federalists here, m
opposition £o all our reasoning and vo'es. We
were called here in extraordinary session, agauut
our will, and at the expense of a million of do'krs
imposed upon the people by the very fact of tbe
call. We came, however, as was our duty,
and having come, what hav? we witnessed?
Havs we seen measures of relief for the ra
tton consummated, or even proposed? Not
oil, save the Bankrupt law, which, for every
one man it relieve*, must rum two But, 01 the
contrary, burden aftei burden has been heaped
upon the people, as if the sole ohj<>ct was to see
bow much they could bear without t-eing crashed
You commenced with the announcement of an
empty Treasury, and y t y ou proceeded to anp 0
pnate millions on millions to objects m-ny of
which were unnecessary, and many more of which
might have been postponed un'il the regular -,<v
Mon, when the incoming revenue would have been
sufficient, without fur her taxes, to meet them In
the next place you have withdrawn from the Trea-
sury, for the present, and for all time to come, 'he
three or four millions annually derived from the
public lands, and apnlied it to the the of British
bankers m the form of a distribution to tbe Sta'es
for the payment of their bonds due thee bankers
And then, sir, having thus exhausted the public
coffers for the present, and as far as you could
for the future, by appropriations and distribution*,
jou then proceeded to borrow twelve million  of
dollars upon the credit of the people, mortgaging
tbeir farms and workshops for its payment.
But not content with this, you passed a Bank
charter, which, but for the President's vto, would
hare become a 'aw, and by which another loan of
ten or fifteen millions was to have been made upon
the same pledges of payment And now, to com-
plete this system of reform and reiie/rneasures, you
come forward with a bill to levy an additional tax
of five or s¡x millions of dollars upon the people,
and grossly a«k us to vote for this addit onal lax
Bat, sir, you ask in vam. We have vo ed against
these measures—some of the appropriations ex-
cepted—and can we be expected to vote an increase
of taxes to supply necessities created by distnbu
tions which, to a man, we opposed! No. Let
those who have run their hands up to the armpits
into the Treasury, that foreign bankers might be en-
riched by distributions—let them take upon them-
selves the responsibility of taxing tbe p°ople to
supply the Treasury thus exhausted. If you want
money, quit these distributions, recall the income
from the land , apply it to the defences of the coun-
try, or other real necessities, and cease squandering
that which you have, in order to make an excuse
for taking more from the people
But it has been said that thr distribution to the
States is made to aid them in their improvements.
Admit it, and where, I ask, do we find in the Con-
stitution, the right of this Government to tax the
people oí the several States for State objects? Por
such is the principle embraced in th s assertion—
a principle which I denounced two sessions ago, at
the last session, and again denounce, a& utterly de-
structive of the State Governments. But I mil
not now enler an<>w upon ihis argument
A word, sir, as to the votes of tbe Federal party
during the la e wai Condemned those vutes have
been, and condemned, Í trus', they ever will be
But of those votes, and of those who gave ihem,
who in this body has the fiiea'eot n«ht to com-
plain? We, or Senators on the other s>de? Who
at this moment r at the head of the State Depart-
ment Who is your prime minister, and how
came he such? The man who, in his place on ihe
floor of the other House, not only spoke and voted
against all supplies 10 troops fighting and falling
in Ike defence of this nation, but voted also against
the rebuilding of this, the Capitol of his native
country, when consumed by hostile fires And how
came such a man ¡o bold such a post? By your
own votes, givenm the Senate
Mr. KING obs rved that the day coold not be
far distant, when the gentlemen on the opposite
side would find themselves obliged to come forward
and acknowledge to the country that they had done
w^ong in passing the Distribution bill. They will
be forced, in «elf defence, to rehace tbeir steps, or
they will be driven to it by the unanimous sense of
the country Bui, for the present, that bill was
passed, and it mast be regarded as a law, not af-
fected directly by any thing now said in this body.
The question at pr-sent is, shall th" bill now
under cons dention, pa's? It is, in effect, a ques-
tton v aether the Senate will or will not give its
sancnon to a bill from Ihe co-ordinate branch of
Congress, f.om wmth measures for raising "uppbes
for the Government properly eminate, and whe-
her the Government shall be enabled to meet the
engagements of the currert year, aid provide the
means of meeting the o dinaiy expenditures of suc-
ceeding years. He (IVR Kino) \>a>not, on uch
an oc( anon, for going back upon the measures
wh ch have led to this nrc^sntv. That is
pa.<t, and tne qu^uon «nich he felt no'v b^und
to coistler wi-. s.mpl> th <■ will tbe Govemmeii!,
without t'.n bill become? a law, luve enough to
carry it through the cunent yea ? He had consi-
dered this ques ion and hal come to the conclusion
that it would not With tbio conviction, although
he thought there weie many prov s ons of tbe bill
which were very objec ¡onable, bo would act
upon the principle by which he had always here-
tofore been actuated, an4 vote for the needful Eup.
plies for die Treasury, leaving the responsibility
for their necessity with those who brought forward
the measure. He did so without hesitation, be-
cause he believed that according to lh  expositi n
of tbe chairman of the Coirmittesof Finance, the
Government eould not be carried on without this
supply.
On the question of its passage, the vote stood as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates,Bayard,
Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clay of Ala Clay
of Ky. Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Fulton, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington, King, Mangum, M rnck,
Miller, Morehead, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, and Young—33
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Beaton, Calhoun, Cuta-
bert, Linn, Montón, Nicholson, Tappan, Walkei,
Woodbury, and Wright—11
And then tbe Senate adjou-ned, after being in
session from 10 m the rrorniDg until 5 in the
evening.
HOUSE or REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, September 7, 1841
Mi HARRIS asked leave to present the proceedings of a
large meeting of the Democratic party, recently held in Claike
county in the State of Virginia If ihe lutes of order, adopted
by this House for its government, would permit, he would like
to characterize these proceedings in the strong terms of appro
bation, which he so cordially felt fot them He would barely go
the length of the rule, however, in stating their puipose The
preamble, which 19 a long and ably drawn article is stiongly
disapprobatory of the general course of the Whig party, in
veighs against the necessity or propriety of this extra session,
and is condemnatory of most of the measures which have been
the result of its labors Such 1  the preamble The resolutions
are merely conclusions fiom the reasoning adonted by it with
one, also, expressing their joy and giatificationm the honest and
intrepid course of the President m vetóme the Bank Lili and
according to him their respect and confidence, for pitseivmg
the Constitution inviolate and m saving- the couniiy from ti e
disastrous consequences of such a measure And they conclude
by a request addressed lointly to his colleague [Mr Goode ]
and himself, to present them to this Hon e which he had grea
pleasure m d ling And since the House had detcimmed nei
thei to hear lead noi to oidei the printing of proceed rigs of
this hind, he would mote that they be received, ami la d upot
the table
Ml OWSLEY asked leave to oriel tlie fo lowing ¡oin le 0
lution
Resolied, by the Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the United Slates of Amencum Congress assemb ed (two
thuds of both Houses concuirmg ) That the following amend
ments to the Constitution of tine United States be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several ¡states, which, when ratified bv
the ¡Legisla ures of three fourths of the States shall be valid to
all in en s and purpose  as part of said Constitution to wi
First That no person shall have been elected Pieaidentot
the United States shall he again eligible to that office
Second  Every bill which shall have passed the Hou e of
Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law
be presented to the President of the United States  if he a¡
prove he shall sii,nit,but if not heshaliieturn it, with his 00
jections, to that House in which it shall have originated  wl o
shall enter the objections at large on their Journal and pi ceed
to reconsider it    If, after reconsideration, a majority of all the
members elected to that House shall agree to pass the bill   u
shall be sent togethei with the objections, to the other XIou c
by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved ! v
amajollty of all the members elected to that Hoube  it shall
become a law     But in all such ca es the votes of both Houae
shall be deternmedby yeas and nays an I the names ol tho
persons voting foi and against the bill shall hi, en tied 01   <*
Journal of each House iespectively
Mr IK5PKINS rose and objected
So the resolution could not be leceived
On leave given, Mr RUS ELL presented the procer hiTs o¡
a meotmg of one bundled and fifty delegates from tie conn
ties of Ross, Pike, Jackson, and Hocking, in the tetatc of Ohio
That meeting ha\e adopted a number of resolutions appro\
mg 01 all the leading measures of the Whigs m the piesenf
Congress   and repiehendmg in strong terms the exercise of
that kmgly power called the veto
Mr R said he presented these resolutions with great plea
sine because he was convinced that in doing so he presented
the wishes of alaige majority of the people ot that district
Ihe resolutions weie laid on the table
On leave yven, Mi CAI HOUN offered the 'bllowin  re olu
non winch was adop ed
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings make 11
q llry as to the practicability of ventiiatir g the Hall of tl e R c
preventatives upon a plan recently adopted for tf-u House vf
Parliament m England aid if deemed piactic b c to re; 1.1
how the same may be ad iptetl to ihi* Hal!
Onleate given, Mi   TALIAFERRO offered lie 'bllov.ir
res   iutlnn
Resolved, That the Clerk of thb House lo p->y ti Wil 1 m
Striththesimecompensationter lieman  mleagct <i    ^ o
ed to members of Coi gres= computing the 1 ei dlcm    low arce
fiom the 9th day of July last that being tin. (crioiwicr the
said Smith appeared beioie the Committee on F e   o b (o coi
est the right of Linn Bar ivs to a seat ml^cIJou e   f Repi-c
sentatives, to the 4th of fceptembel   licit sve   ti   t   tin0, the
day when   at the instance of Lin 1 Eanks the sm r" member
thecontest was postponed to the nexi tt-3 n 1 of Co <>t ^ n or
der to enable the said Bankst  proctie all      tal evidence to
sustain a n^ht to the seat he occupies  and hat aftei he com
mittee had progressed ab far m the contest as uom the evidence
before them, as fai as it has been exami ed and jmss ed upon
to ascertain a majonyoi the legal \o es cast in the election o
have been given to the said Smith
Mi EVERET1 inquired of the gertleman 'íom Virginia
whether the committee had madeaieport m this case, and
whether this allowance of pay to the contesting memhei had
been recommended by (hem He wished furthei to 1 now
whether there was any precedent where two members claim
mg the same seat had both been allowed compensation befóle
the question was settled He was aware that there had beer
instances m which both the contestor and the simn" membei
had been allowed compensation, after eettJing the question or
