440
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fication for their sever'ty against those of our citizens who had
aided the Insurrection, have now ceased, and we may now ven
ture to predict that a magnanimous forbearance from Anther
{miHahraent—a generous forgiveness of past offences—would be
tus most wise, as well as the most humane policy she could pui
Büe, to prevent secret organized assou itions, within the Amen
fcan borders, foi the purpose of aiding in any future msurrec
tion in the Brit sh Provinces It would tend to allay the irrita-
tion and hostility which must exist m the mmds and hearts of
the relatives and friends of those who are held in bon lage in
distant lands These angiy feelings would give place to more
kindly and generous sentiments If they would not feel attach
ment to the British Crown, they would feel grateful for this act
of clemency and mercy 1 am happy to say that this resolution
found a noble and generous response m the breasts of every
member of the committee, and they unanimously agreed to re
commend to the Representatives of the people to make thisef
lort on behalf of their suffering fellow citizens, by the adoption
of this resolution, requesting the Executive to solicit from Great
Britain, in the manner therein proposed, the restoration lo
their country and friends oí these emng, though nou unwoithy
children of tho Republic
Mr ADAMS observed that the gentleman from New York
{Mr Fsimrs] had discussed very feelingly about the sublime
patriotism of those persons who were engaged in a glorious
struggle for liberty These nameless persons who were cm
Bens of the United ¡states, and who thought proper to take part
in an insurrection in Canada, against the direct proclamation of
theirown President, who warned them not to give way to their
feelings of sublime patriotism, against the laws of their own
country, against the laws of the country which they had in
vaded, and against the laws of God and man,—these persons
Were to have the country involved m new difficulties on their
behalf Now that we were involved in a civil war between
the Government of the United States and the Government of
one of the most powerful States of this Union , because in the
pursuit of that very same sort of sublime patriotism, they
committed acts in retaliation for which the transaction took
place Hi, consequence of which we are now nearly in a state of
conflict with the most powerful nation on the earth, we are
called upon to add to the difficulties of our situa
tion, by interposing the power of this Government
in behaif of these patriots At this very time, if we be
lief ed.'the rumor w the English papers, tint we were threatened
with having fifteen ships of the line sent on oui coast, now
wh ri the real question wis whether the Government of the
  nited States, and the Government of the State of New
York, can save McLeod from popular patriotism, this
is the very time of all others, that we are called upon to
negotiate with the British Government in behalf of persons
who have invaded their soil against the laws of this country,
and against all laws,human and divine, but all justified by that
sublime patriotism which liberated Poland, Greece, and I don't
know how many nations It does to me, aid Mr A that there
should hesomesortof consistency on the partof this House,
and if weareto ask the Government of Great Britain to foiget
all these httleltrespasses upon their laws, if they are to forget the
crime of treason for which these men have been tried and
iound guilty, and mercifully transponed, instead of being
hanged, drawn, and quartered, which they had subjected them
«elves to by their patriotism, if they are to be released again to
Commence their career of patriotism, as there was some íeason
to suppose they would, fiom the fact of thirty five kegs of gun
powder having been blown up some wheie on the lines which
were destined for the same sublime puiposcs, it would be as
well to be able to tell the British Government, at the same tune
that we make the application, what we are going todo with
McLeod
There are two sides to the question, and befoie we undertake
to interfere with the British Government, in order to counte
nance insurtection, it would be as well for us to ascertain, m
the firet place, who these men are, what number of them, and
the circumstances under which they are now in Van Dieman s
Land There was a resolution passed this House, calling upon
the President for information on the subject, ami the leply of
the Secretary of State was, that there was none m his posses
Bion. This was on the I6th of July, and what information had
the House since that time? Did the House know vhi these
men were, how they came lo be in Van Dieman's Land, what
their trial was, and what was proved against themi Ihen, as
to [the situation in which the President of the United States
would be placed, if the resolution should be adopted Suppose
the case was reversed. I would, said Mr A suppose an insur
rection of the slaves in the South, and that it was suppressed,
and that a portion of the insurgent slaves, after having been
tried and found guilty, had been transported to some foreign
country, and what, then, would the gentlemen of the South say,
if Queen Victoria should send her minister here to ask
yon to pardon these slaves, and íestore them to their
homes? I ask every Southern gentleman here to sup.
pose that a foreign Government was to interpose
between your laws and yotirinsuigent slaves and say what he
would do Would you restore them to all the lights they had for
felted! Now it appears to me that ihe Bntish Government
might, with just as much piopiety interpose its offices in be
half of insurgent slaves as for this Government to interpose
in behalf of these patriots, for mostassuieUly lfthe^e people
m Canada were fighting for libeit} ind the liberties of man
kind, much more would slaves be huhtini lor liberty and the
liberties of mankind, and wou'd be much moie entitled to com
pussion and sympathy What would Si uthern gentlemen
think if interposition in such a case was offered by the British
Government?
Mr A saidthathecould not view this resolution m any other
light than as an upwirrantable interference with the Butish
Government, intended to exasperate, instead of conciliating
them, as we ought to do He hoped that it would not be adoj t
ed.and, indeed, the subject ought not to be touched at all until
information was obtained that there weie cncumsfancct, of a
mitigating nature connected with the cmr of the^e persons, suf
ficient to induce us to make their quarir our own We had
already too many causes of difference w li the British Govern
ment to seek unnecessarily to raise new ones
Mr HOLMES agreed with the gentleman from Massachu
setts that the resolution ought not to pass prov idea it involved
all the consequences he supposes, but the resolution only con
template  getting the merciful interposition of this Govern
ment to release certain unfortunate American citizens from
the penaltiesof the laws they had violated Mr H likened
•och ao interposition aa the resolution contemplated lo the one
made by Genera! Washington with the Au&tnan Government,
m fator of Lafay tie, when confined in the dungeon of Olmutz
The gentleman from New York, [Mr Fbrhis) in introducing
this resolution did not propose to bring the lights oí this Go
vernment in conflict with those of Great Butam But the gen
tleman from Massachusetts said that these unfortunate men
had committed treason this was a most extraordinary doctrine
to be advanced by a gentleman whose knowledge of law
should have taught him bettei
Mr ADAMS explained that he did not say that these men
had commute J treason against this Government, butagainst the
British Government
Mr HOLMES Butthegemlemanhasthoughtpropertoliken
the case of these men to another case—that of insurgent slaves
It did seem that,letany subject whatever be brought up before
the House, the gentleman from Massachusetts would seize upon
it, m ordei to bring up his ultra opini ns on the subject of sla
verv The gentleman said that Queen Victoria might, with just
as much propnet), interfere m behaif of insurgent slaves, as oui
Government could interfere with her m behalf of these men
Now, was there any analogy between the two cases? Ifwe had
been asked to interfere in behalf of the sublets of Great Britain,
who had been transported, the gentleman might have shown
some sort of analogy, but, unless he could show that Great Bri
tain claimed any allegiance from our slaves he could show no
similarity between the two cases But the gentleman had gone
further, and said that there would be a stronger case for the ap
plication of Great Britain in behalf of our msurgentslaves, than
there wouldbeforourapplicationtothemm behalfofthese un
fortunate American citizens, and he (Mr II) would leave it to
the House to say whethei that was a proper argument The
gentleman asked what the ¡southern members would say if the
Minister of Queen Victoria should make an application of this
nature? He would tell the gentleman The interference of
Queen Victoria msuch a case would be moie c< nsonant with
her views and feelings, elevated as she is, and with the views and
feelings of hersubjects, than the position taken by thegentleman
some time ago was consonant with what ought to be the views
and feelings of an American statesman—viz that whenever
there should be an insui rection of slaves, and the South should
need ihe assistance of the North which he thanked God they
never would that then they might, by the use of the treaty
making power, deprive the South of their property, by liberat
ing their slaves    Af er some further remarks from Mr H
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, September 8,1841.
Mr. PRESTON, from iht  Commitlee on the
Mihlia, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the House making appropriation's for the re-
pair of forts at Staten Island, New York.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported, with an amendment, (he bill from ihe
House to repeal the 6th section of the act for the
support of the military academy at West Point,
for 1838, and lo prohibit the investment of trust
funds of the United States in the stocks of the se-
veral States.
The joint resolution authorizing the purchase by
the Secretary of the Treasury of American water-
rotted hemp, for the use of the navy, and to extend
in ¡orce for seven years, was taken up, wuh an
amendment from the Naval Committee, that such
purchase ¡shall ba made with regard to Ihe pnce
and quality of the article.
Mr. MANGUVI had learned irom the Secreta-
ry of ihe Navy that it had been the practice of the
Department for some years to contract for and give
higher pnces for domestic hemp than for ihe fo-
reign article, when ibe quality was equal. The
committee did not think, in reporting the amend-
ment, that it wao proper to give a great premium
to domestic hemp. The amendment regulating the
purchase according to ihe price and quality would
make very little difference with the practise of
the D.partment, and he thought it ought to be
adopted
Mr CALHOUN moved to lay the resolution on
the table nil next session.
Mr BENTON desiring to have ihe re«olut<cn
as amended, read by the S.cretary, Mr Calhcun
withdrew his motion to law on ihe table.
The resolution, as amended, was then read.
Mr MANGUM thought theresolution,asamend-
ed, could do no harm, and might stimulate to the
purchase of domestic heme
The«amendment was then adopted
Mr. BENTON thougnt the íesolution ought
to be adopted, as it would give a general «ti-
mulus to the production of hemp throughout the
country.
Mr. KING trougr-t it was best to leave th s
matter to the sound discretion of the Secretary.
If domest c hemp could be as advantageously pro'
cured as other, the Secretary would feel bound to
pui chase it. He preferred to leave the matter as
it stood.
Mr. WOODBURY considered the resolution, as
amended, sufficiently guarded. It would operate
as some encouragement to the home growth of
hemp, and a stimulant to the best mode ot prepa-
ration and manufacture, whilst, at the «ame ume,
it could not operate as an excuse lor the employ-
ment of an inferior arlicle in the navy.
Mr CALHOUN took a different view of the
subject. He conceived it would now go al road
throughout the whole country that a pr ftreuce
was to be given to water-ro tti hemp of home
growth, and consequently a great stimulation
would be given to that branch oí busme «¡. This
would induce speculators to etrbark m the frade
of providing it lor the navy, and it wab not in the
art of man to prevent those tprcutetors from be-
setting the Navy Department and urging upon it
an obligation imposed by this resolution, to give a
preference, under any circumsiarces, 'o the home
production. There was no necessity for this
haste about it. Let it be laid over till next ses-
sion¡ he would renew his motion to lay ihe resolu-
tion on the table
The question was then put on this motion, and
negatived.
The resolution was then ordered to be engross-
ed, and read a third time.
The bill from the House making an appropria-
tion of $33300 for repairs of fortifications t/n Sta-
ten Island, New York, was taken up.
Mr. KING hoped they would have some expla-
nation on the subject. Did that island belong to
the General Government?
Mr. PRESTON said some doubt had exi.ted,
but it bad been ascertained satisfactorily m the
other House that it was the property cf the United
Stales. The sum of money \t as the result of esti-
mates of the proper Department, for the repair of
forts which were our property.
Mr. WRIGHT explained that the matter had
been fully investigated by a comoM^sion on the
part of the General Government and of the State
of New Yoik, and the latter had agreed to cede
the property on being repaid ihe purchase of tie
site snd interest on the money, making something
like $33 000. The bill had been reputed to ihe
House in conformity with this agreement, butthen
it was alleged the General Governm-m had ac-
quired a right to the site by a former agreement, in
which it was supposed it was assigned by tha
Staff- of New York in part payment of her debt to
the General Government. In consequence of this
view of the subject, the House had struck out from
the bill the appropriation for the purchase of the
site, but left in those for repairs, assuming the right
to be now in the General Government 1 his was
entirely a mistake. The site was not purchased oy
the State of New Yoik 'or two years afttr the time
of the alleged transfer to the Genera! Government,
so that it was impossible the State could transier
what it did not own
Mr HUNTINGTON thought, as a doubt exist-
ed with regard to the title, the bill ought to be laid
on the table till next session, with a view of having
the matter set to rights, before Congress acted up-
on the subj' ct. He would therefore move to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. SEVIER asked the Senator to withdraw his
morion for a moment.
Mr HUNTINGTON yielded to Mr. Sevier's
request.
Mr SEVÍER said it was the only opportuni'y
he should have, and he must move to amend -tha
bill by add ng the following:
' Tor rebuilding Fort Gib=on, at the o d •¡¡¡e or n it« vie mty,
under the direction of the secretary of Wai, twenty five thou
sand dolíais "
No appropriation could be mere jti^t or urgent
than this It had been left out if 'ne bul in ¡ha
House, under the -supposition that it would be in-
cluded m another here. It was strorpl" recom-
mended by the Secretary of War, ¡?nd there cou d
be no rational objection to its bt i g now introduced
m the only opportunity that womj occur th>s ses-
sion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON a-Ved if it wa  m order lo
move to lav the bill and an-endti.ent on the table?
The CHAIR said it was.
Mr. LINN observed that he had but a word or
two to say He rose simply to remark, tha' it was
a singular fact, that almost all the appropnations
made this session for repairs of forts, new fortifi-
cations, naval and military purposes, &c amount-
