446                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question then coming up on the engross-
ment of the resolution, and ordering it to a third
readme, it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 28,
noes 11—as follows:
YE iS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Bu-
chanan, Choate, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Cutbbert, Duon, Evans, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Morehead, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rives, Sevier, Sim-
mons, Tappan, Walker, Woodbndge, Woidbury,
and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Clayton, Henderson,
Huntington, Miller, Mouton, Smiih of Connecti
cut, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, and
Tallmadge—11.
A message was received from the House of Re-
psesentative, stating that they had passed a reso-
lution fixing the day of adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress for Monday tne 13 h mst at
12 o'clock, m.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the Senate eoreur in
the reso'ution.
Mr. FRESTON said he would propose the tol-
lowing as an amendment to the resolution oi tne
House:
* "Resolved,That the act of'S9 to establish a Treasury De
partment, and the resolution of 1810, do not proviue sufficient
regulations for the custody and disbursement of the public
treasure, and that Congress ought not to adjourn until others are
provided
"Resolved, That it is expedient to piovide by law for the de
poatte of the public funds in specie paying banks of the fetalis
under such terms and resti ictions as 'nay best secure then safe
custody, and ameliorate the currency and exchanges of the
country
"Resolved, That a Select Committee be raised to report a
billoccordingly "
Mr. P. said it was perfectly clear, from the
late veto message of the President of the United
States, that during the present Administration no
Bank of the United States could be established
and it wM necessary for the proper security of the
public revenues that their custody should be regu-
lated by law. Mr. P. spoke at considerable
length in support of his amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was mo-t happy to
concur in opinion with the Senator irom South
Carolina [Mr Preston] in one particular. Whilst
the late veto message was mild and conciliatory m
its terms, it was firm and" determined m its spirit
It precluded all hope of the establishment of any
National Bank, or corporation, with private stock-
holders, as long as John Tyler shall continue to be
the President of these United States, He con-
gratulated the country upon this auspicious- event.
He believed that it would be hailed wuh pleasure
by a majority of the peop'e of the United States.
Business would now üjw m the regulai cbinne's
of trade, without being disturbed by political >dila-
tions respecting ihe currency and the establishment
of a National Bank.
He also agreed with the Senaior in another par-
ticular. It was vjry clear that the mode of collect-
ing, keeping, and disburs.ng the public revenue,
ought to be prescribed by law. On this subject,
above all others, there ought to be as little left to
Executive discretion as possible. But nccessny
had no law, and it was ím possible, before the close
of the present session, to mature any such financial
plan. The majority m Cc ngrcs-, had passed two
bills to effect this purpose, both of which had re-
ceivsd the decided negative of the President. In
his late message, he had stated that from the press-
ing nature of ihe public busmen throughout the
present session, it had been impossible tor h m io
mature any system for regulating ihe (inane al
operations of ih« Goverrment, but he h?d pro-
mised to preoaie and suggest sue1  a plan for tht
consideration of Congrtss at their next meeting
It was both his right and his duty to make such a
recommendation, and tor ms (Mr B'a) own part,
he was disposed to aff rl the President the oppor-
tunity which he desired
The two pUns adopted by Congress had been
vetoed by Ihe President, npun such principles as
rendered it ¡mpo «lble to resort to a Bank of the
United Siates On the ot'^r hind, the Irdepen-
dent Treasury,which he preferred to any t ther sys-
tem which had ever been suggested, had been con-
demned by a decided majority of both Houses of
Congress. It was evident, then, that some course,
distinct from the one or the other, must be adopted,
or the public money must be left Without the regu-
lation of law.    Under these circumstances, he
was disposed, for one, to adopt any reasonable mid-
dle course which might be suggested, provided that
it kept entirely clear of the establishment by Con-
gress of any banking corporation, of any descrip-
tion whatever. He would«av, however, that of all
plans which human ingenuity could suggest, he be-
lieved that of the Independent Treasury was ihe
best; and he felt an abiding confidence that the
people of the United States would )et sdopt and
sanction it.
Mr. WALKER said, when the proposition was
made at the cornmenceraeit of the session, upon
the repeal of Ihe Sub-Treasury, lo re-enact the pet
bank system, he had voted against it, us he always
had done, heretofore, as well when that system
was m the climax of apparent success, as after its
explosion. In 1836, he lud voted in a small mi-
nority and against much the laiger number of his
political friend", against the establishment of the
vystera, and he had voted m the «ame way against
a majority of h's friends at the beginning of this
session. Then, when tr-e Senator from South
Carolina asked him it, the Sub-Treasury being re-
pealed, he, Mr. Walker, would vote for a Na-
tional Bink m preference to the State Bank sys-
tem, he, Mr. W had promptly answered no; that
in no event would he vote for a National Bank,
nor for the pet bank system. Most of our friends
then seemed to "think there was no alternative,and
therefore voted to re-establish the pet bank system,
fearing, that if not re-established, it would ensure
the charter of a National Bank. He, Mr W.
thought otherwise, and so declared his opinion at
the time, that the fiscal agency alluded to by Pre-
sident Tyler, m his opening messag , was not a
Bank of any kind, and, although he, Mr. W pre-
ferred the Independent Treasury to any othei sys-
tem, yet he might prefer such a fiscal pgency as
the President had in vtew, to the eonupt and mise-
rable pet bank system. And now he appealed
to his fuends who 1 ad voted against him on this
question to establish the pet bank system at
the beginning oí the se sion, through the ap-
prehension that, if not done, it would lead
to the chartering of the National Bank, were
they not now satisfied that their apprehension^
were unfounded, and that no Bank could be es-
tablished during the administration of John Tyler?
This danger then being now cleaily out of the
way, why now re-establish the pet bank system?
In kss lhan thri-e mon'n Congrpss would leas-
semble, v hen ilia President had piomised, in his
Ifst veto message, to propose a Fiscal Agency,
not a B ¡nk, for ibe coisidciation of C< ngress, and
as «e know, n>iler the act ot 1836 it would 'ake
at least sixty days to put mto operation the £fate
bank system, why not wait until the next sesuon?
Mr W feared if the State bank sysiem were once
r\? established, it wou'J either be permanent, or
jisid only to ihe crea ion of <> National Bisk, and,
iberetoie, he would wait and see the Fiscal Agen-
cy proposed by the President, and in no event
would be vo*c e 'her íor a Na wnal Bank, or the
pet bank system
After some remarks by Mr BAYARD, in which
he ccpies ed his dr-sent to the proposed amend-
ment of Mr. PRESTON
On motion by Mr. ÍALLMADQE, the resolu-
tion Wuis laid on tabic ti'l to-morrow.
M ( L\y, f'om the Cummuteeci Conrereice,
on th< disagre ment Letween the two Houseo in
rehtion to the Revenue bill, reported that the com-
mittee bad 3¡;terd to recommend, as a substitute
for the pro/ise if t<-e H use, the following
Pioitded Tnat if m viitue of this sec ion, any duty ex
oee ling the riteof 20 ptr centum ad \aloiem shall be levied
pnor to tut* uJih oí lun", lt^t-i the same shallnot, in any wise,
auYcttnc dis¡ usition oltho procc>*dsof ihe public lando as pro
vid>-d foi bjí ir act pibsedat the piesent session of Congress,
and provided Jaithtr,ú\n.t no duty higher than 20 per cent
dlvatoiem shall be levied and paid on any unmanufactuied
amele
The repot of die comía ttee was concurred in
Tt">Ou, ite then proceeded to the consideraron
of Executive bu^iLess.
HOUhC OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Septembfr 10,1041
The journal of yesterday was re? d and approved
BREACH Or PRIVILEGE
Ihe SPEAKER announced   the names  of the following
membeis as the select Committee oideied to be appointed
yesterday oa the breach of privilege which had taken place in
the House
Mr Inbersoll of Pennsylvania, Mr Morrow of Ohio, Mi
Everett of Vermont, Mr CAKUTHERSof Tennessee, Mr Sal
tonstall of Mabsachusetts, Mr Holmes of South Carolina,
and Mr Ferris of New York
Mr EVERETT rose and asked to be excused from service
on the said committee, on the ground, he said, that he had ex
pressed an opinion yesterday, during the sitting He had forro
ed an opinion, and would therefore prefer not bervmg
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky hoped the gentleman would
not be excused He supposed that there was probably no mem
ber of the House who had not formed an opinion
Mr ARNOLD said the same excuse would hold good for
every member of the Hou'e He hoped the House would not
excuse the gentleman fiom Vermont
And the question being taken, the House lefused to excuse
Mi Everett
REVENDE  BUL
A message was leceived fiom the Senate by Asbury Dici.
in , Esq Secretary, informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the 2Lst amendmen
of the teenate
And also, that the Senate had disa°ieed to the amendment of
the House to the 17th amendment oí the Senate, and asked a
conference on the disagi eeing votes of the two Houses, ¿iid had
appointed Messrs Ciav, Woodbury, and Miller, a commit
tee on the part of the Senate
On motion of Mr DAWfeON of Georgia, the House piocee 1
ed to the consideration of the said amendment
1 his amendment is as follows
The Senate had inserted in the second section of the bill a
proviso, declaring that no duties levied by virtue of that sec
tío n should exceed 20 per cent ad valorem
This amendment had been amended in the House, on motion
of Mr Fillmore, by striking out all after the word "Pro
vided," and inserting in lieu thereof a provision that nothing m
the said second section contained should interfere with the bill
of this session providing foi the distribution of the pi oceeus oi
the public lands
And in this an endment the Senate had refused to concur
Mr FILLMORE expressed the hope that the House woul 1
insist on its amendment, foi the purpose ot having a commit
tee of conference appointed to meet that appointed on the put
ot the Senate    And he made that motion
Mi HOPKINS moved that the House lecede from us
amendment, and asked the yeas and nays
Mi LEWIS WILLIAMS hoped the Hoifce would not le
cede
Mr FILLMORE was satisfied, he said, that neither of the
amendments proposed would effect precisely the object ir
tended, and this could only be effected by the conference   1 he
Senate had asked it    He hoped the [louse would insist on the
amendment, and appoint a committee on its part
Mi \\ \RRLN was understood to inquire what the object
referred to was9
Mi SHILLDS inquired ol the Speaker if the motion to re
cede was m order?
The SPrAKER said, \es but the othei motion (to insist)
was equivalent to it, and came up most propeily, since it
would bring up the question of the appointment of a commit
te  nfconfeience
Mr SHJELDS hoped he said that the question would be
taken on the motion ol the gentleman from Vngmia, [Mi Hop
iaNS,] as the question might as well bo decided m that way a=i
in any other He believed the House acted unadvisedly in
adopting the amendment of the gentleman from New York
fMt TiLLiioHK,] and that if it had been propeily undeistood It
would not have been agreed to
Mr ni I INGHAbT said the Senate had proposed a confer
ence He hoped the House would at once agree to it When
one branch of a legislature invited a conference, it was vet v
unusual f< r the otber to íefuse or avoid K It was ditiii ult t j
frame an amendment, m the midst of aiunrmg debate wn ch,
in a subjtil Ii\e that c mlauied in the piovie>o, would expiess
the real intention and remore of eubei House but tin* eon t
be done lna veiy shorttimeby a committee, knowing aid con
lerimg on themten ion of each, and compaung their respec ive
views m writ ng
Altei afewiemarksfiomMess HLLMORE and DA WSON,
Mi ARNOLD moved the piev ous question
And th*ne was a second
And the main question was ordered to betaken
Mr HOPKIN  asked the yeas and nays, which weie or
dered
And aftei some conversation, the question was taken in the
foun, "Shall the House insist on its amendment to the amend
ment of the ¡senate^1' and it was decided m the affirmative, a°
follows
YÍ AS—MebSls Adams Allen, I W Andrews, Sherlock
! Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Baker, Batraid, Baiton,
llndseye, Black, Blair, Boatdman, Borden, Milton Brown
loremiah Brown, Calhoun, Thomas J Cimtbell, Ca~ y,
lohn C Claik, Cowen Cianston, Cravens Cushmir Gauett
Davis, ilcbeiry, Joht Edwards, Eveiett, Fillmore A Law
rence Foster, Gentry Patiick G Goode, Green, Greig, Ha!
Halscel tlud on, ilnnl Wm \\ Iiwm, James Isaac D
loiKs, Lane, Inn, i bomas F Marshall, Sanson Ma*on,
"Ylatluot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mavnaid, Morsan, Morris, Mor
row Osborne, Owsley, Pendleton, Pope Powell Pvamaey,
fWijamin Randall Ate^andei RandaH Randolph, Ridgway,
Itoiney, Rus-.ell, Saltonstall, Sheppeid, Snnonton, Slade,
¡smith, Stukely, Stratton, Ale* II H iStjart, T T Stuart,
Tab feiro Tibn B TnompbOn, Richard W Thompson 111
hnghast, Toland, Tomlmaon Triplet!, ! rumbull, Undei
wood, Wallace Edwaid D White, Lewis Williams, Joseph
L   Williams, Wlnthrop, \ oike and Augustus Young—69
NAYS—Messrs Auington Atherton Bujks Bee«op, B d
lack, Botts Boyd Brews ei, Charles Brown Wm O Bu ei,
PatuckC Caldwell, lo in Canf boll, Clupman, CI iiton C les,
trObS Rirbard I) !>a\is William C Dawson Dean D ig
Eastman, John ( Edward  Fein" I G Floyd, Challes A
Flovd, Foruante Tnoma i Foster, Gamhle, Geny Gilmer,
William O Goode, Giahim Habelbham, Harris, J Hastn ¡rfc,
Hays dork i , Houck, Hou ton, Hubaid, Hunter, In^er&ol!,
lack, Cave Johnson lohn W Jone , Keim, Andrew Kennedy,
King, Abraham McClellan, Ruben McClellan, McKay, 3V,c
Kpnn Mallory Maichand, Totin Thompson Mason Mathews,
Mnler, Newhard, Parmenter, Payne, Renchet, Reynolds,
Rhett, Riggs, Shaw, Shields,bteenrod,Sweney,! urney, Ward
Warren, Watterbon, Welter, James W Williams, Wise, and
•   Wood—76
