June, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________                   s
27th Cong. •• 1st Sbss.                                Report of the Secretary of the Treasury                                 Senate and H. of Rep8.
regardless of the objects held in vit-w by them m ihe
creation of this Gbvemmeri' n w rould bemdiffer-
ent to their goid   The happy eflVu? oí sa< ha mea-
sure upon all the Stales wou d irnmedia>e ly be mam-
fssted.    With the debtor States it would efftct the
relief to a great extent of the cit z^ns from a heavy
burd-n of dnect taxation wntca presses, wt a se-
venty on the laboring classes, and eminently assist
in restoring the general prosperity    An immediate
advance would take place in the pnce of the State
securities, and the altitude of the States would be-
come once more, as it should ever be, lofty and
erect.   With States laboring under no extreme
pressure from debt, the fund wh ch they wouid de-
rive from this source would enable them to improve
their condition in an eminent degiee   Sofa as th.15
Government is concerned, appropnations to domes-
tic objects, approaching in  amount the revenue
derived from the land sales, m'ght be abandoned,
and thus a sys em of unequal and therefore urjnst
legHa'ion would be sub tuated by one d s-p-nsrng
equality to all the members cf this Confederacy
Whether   such   distribution   should    be    m ule
directly to tho States in the proceeds of the sa'es,
or in, the form ot  profits by virtue of  the cp~-
rations of any fiscal agency having those proceeds
as lti basis, should such measure be contemplated
by Congress, wou'd well dc-serve its consideration.
Nor would such disposition of the proceeds of the
sales in any manner prevent Congress from time to
time from passing all  necessary pre emotion laws
for the benefit oí actual SPtilers, or from  making
any new a raerement as to trie price of the public
lands which mii-ht in future be esteemed desnable
I beg leave pameu'arly to call your attention to
the accompanying report from the Secreta^ of
War Besides he pr-sent sta e of the war >vh ch
has so long afflicted the TVrniory of F o Ja vid
the various oiher «nauet  of m erest there 'i referred
to, you will learn ''rom it tl at trie Seer-  ary han in.
sti'tuted an inquiry into i iuses, which promi es to
develope >- ross enormities in connection  i h Indiau
treaties wmch have been negotiated, a« *ell as m
the expendttu es for the removal and submit nee ot
the Indians He represents, also, other irregulari-
ties of a serious nature lhal have grown up in the
practice of the Indian Department, which will re-
quire the appiopnation ot upward' of $200,000 to
comet, and which claim the immediate attention
of Congress
In reflecting on the pic per mean* of defending
the country, we cannot shut our eyes to die conse-
quences which the intrt duction and use of the
power of steam upon the c eeau are likely to pro-
duce m wars between man time States We ran
nit yet see the extent to which this power may be
applied in bclhaerant opeiatons, connecting itself
as U does «Uh recent mprovemenis in thf sciet ce
of guinery and piojeciile , but we need have no
fear of being lett, m regard to th°se things, bthmd
the most active and sk Itul of other nation , if the
genius and enterprise of our fe 1 jw-c tizens - -
ceive proper encouragement and direction from Go-
ve"nment
Ti ue wis-on would, neve theirss <-eem to dic-
tate the nee ss.it/ ot p acing > perfect condition
thos.e iortiff? uip-s which aie designed for the p o-
tectionofouf principal cities and roadsteads For
the defence o' our extend d maritime coast, our
chief reliance shou'a be tiaced ot our na/y, aided
by those nvenmns v htch «re destined to rec m-
mend themseives to public adoption But no time
should be lost m placing oji rnncipa' cities on tb"
seaooard and the lakes m a s'ate of en ire security
from foreign assault. Separated as we are from
the countries of the old wond, and in much un-
affected by their policy, we ate happily íelieved
from the necessity of maintaining large s'andirg
armies m time oí peace The po icy which was
adopted bj Mr. Monroe, shortly after the conclu-
sion of 'he late war with Great Britain, of preserv-
ing a regularly organized staff sufficieit fui the
command of a large militaiy force, stieuld a neces-
sity for ohe an - is founded a3 wen in economy
asm true wisdom. Provision is thus "lie, . pon
filling up the rank and fi e, which can readily be
done on any emergency, fot the mtroduc ion oi a
system of discipline both promptly and efficiently.
All that is required in time of peace is to maintain
a sufficient numb-r of men to guard our foriifi i
tons io m e nisulj-n- nt geney, and t > en-
our-'er tne hr-«t *b >cs. r f v ar Our chief rel aice
must be plate) on he mi it a Thty const tute
the great body of national guards, and, inspired by
an ardent love of coantrv, wiM be fsund read> at
all Unios and at all seasons<o rspair with alacrity
to its defence It will be regarded by Congress, I
doubt not, at a «unable time, as one ot its highest
duties to attend to their complete organization and
discipline
The state of the navy pension fund requires the
immedia'9 attention of Congrc-s By the opera-
t on of the a-t of the 3 1 of M rch, 1837, entitled
"An act Ar ih"1 more tquiable adrrinis ration of
the na/y pels on fund," that fun 1 has bee ex-
hausted It wi ' be =een from ihe pccompinymg
report of the Com nissi ner oí Pensions thit there
will be rpqmred Í >r the payment of navy pension
ers, on the firs of July n-xr, §34,006 06J and on
tne first o January, 1842 the sum ot J60 000
In aduunn to these stm , ab at $6 000 will be re-
quired to piy arre us of pensions wh ch will pro-
bably le allowed bfisieen the fi'St o! Jul", arid the
fir-,t of Jmuary, 1S42, rnnkng <n the wnole
$150,000 06J To meet llest ) ajments ihere is
w thin tne control ot tie r -i,nuni-rit the sum of
$28 040, "cavm a deficit oí $1121,966 G6J The
piblc fnth rtquireo that immediate provision
should be m«d  f i the payment of these sum
In order to intr time in o the navy n des rabie
efficiency a new system of acm itability may be
found to be indis HBSably necessary To mature a
plan havirg for i s object the accomplishment of
an end o nnpor aat, aid to meet ^e jus' expecta-
ti ins of the countiy, reqaire mo-e time than has
ytt bfen al iwed to the hecraarv it he head of
the Department Tie hip is ndnlg d ihat by 'he
time of jour n ft regalar ' ision, «n asu-es of im-
p rti nee neo miction with t i Ma'ch of the
rui )Ue -"ervtce, mi) b1 mattr d io your considera-
tion.
AÜhough the aws'rgul' m he Post Office De-
partment only requrc 'rom t>e officei ch¿rg<d with
itsdi>-ction  o r p irt p   tb   v nil ->pnt a' session cf
Congrrs , ih" Postmaster Ge ier 1 h«< pie ented to
me s¡ me tacts c nneel d w h n> flea ic a! con 1-
tion of the  Depirtnent  rich i e i eemea woithj
the atten ion tí Congiess     B>  t e accompinjmg
repoif of that officer, i   appea-s  that   he exi tmg
liabilities of that Dup^i tmentb yond the means- of
payment at i s comma id > annot be less than five
hnni'reu thousand dollai'     As the law   o gamzmg
that branch of h   public  enrice confine the expen-
diture to  t  o\ n lev tut', defi   i   cif s ih"re,n can-
not be pr sentcd under t c  u-usl es  tía rs for the
expenses of Govcrnmen       It rr   st   th"reforc be
left to Congress to   determine    h"thc the moneys
now due to contractor 'hall 1 e pa d fr ><n the pub-
be treasury, or wh Ih r in  t department sh?ll ool-
t rue under its pre ent embatiissment      If will be  I
set-n by the report  o  tl. >  Posim i ter General th't
the recent le'ii'?-.  ot  ronltacts n several of tie  [
States hi a  icen nvice „t such  mined ntes of
coTip ns it i n a   if'ioi   '  t'e be'ie'thn if the
dcoartmert w^s r n \ i   Aom e\ s i ij; rlilficulties
its fu me op=ra oi   an    it be <oti ictei w  hcut
any iurtl e   ca 1 upon trie "eueial Trea*un
The powii of x ip íntina; o office > one of a
character tee in< s' del cate and re i ns^b e The
appointing power is cv rmtic expo&rd'o be led
into eiroi With arxou  o 'Citude to «e ect the
most trustviHV ícr ffic a\ s a ir n, I cannot be
suppo ei to p >p ■> a per onal knowledge ot t"e
Quililici ions <ff riy applicant I d"em ' there-
fore proper, m thi most pnolic manner, to invite,
on the fart ot the Ser-ate, a us'scrmny into the
chara-er and pret nsion  of ever) p ison whom I
m y bring to heir nc ce it t>e re?a «r form of a
nomnatioe for office Unle   pti ons cve-y *ay
trustvonhy are employed n tie public ser'ice,
corruption and irregularity w 11 mevilab y follow.
I shall, with the pt r' st cheenul c s, acquit ce m
the decisioa oí tbit body, and, reg^din,* it ps wise
ly constituted to aid the Execut ve d parnnent in
the performante of this de'ieate dutv, I shall look
to its "conse-i and adv ce" a^, giveii only in fur-
therance of the best interests of the country I
shall also, at the earliest proper occasion, invite the
attention of Congress tu such measures as in my
judgment «.ill be best calculated tofe%ttlste and
control the Executive power m reference {& this vi-
tally important subjPC.
I 'hall, a'so, at the proper sea«on, invite yont
at ution to the statutory enactments for the sup-
pres tn <f the slave trade, which may require IQ
be reí ered more efficient m their provisions.
Therein leason to believe that the traffic is on the
increase Whether s.ach increase is to be ascribed
to the abolil on of slave labor in the British pos-
sessions in oui vicinity, and an attendant diminu-
tion in the supply of those articles which enter into
the general consumption of the world, thereby aug-
menting the demand from other quarters, asd thus
calling for additional labor, it were needless to in-
quire. The highest considera lions of public ho-
nor, as well as the strongest promptings of huma-
nity, require a resort to the most vigorous efforts to
suppre s the trade.
In c mcluMon, I beg to invite your particular at-
tention to the interests of this District. Nor do I
doubt that, ih a liberal spirit of legislation, you will
seek to advance its commercial as well as its local
interests. Should Congress deem it to be its duty
to repeal the existing Sub Treasury law, the neces-
sity of providing a suitable place ot deposite for the
public moneys whuh may be required within the
District must be apparent to all.
I have tell it to be due to the country to present
I the foregoing topics to your consideration and re-
flection Oth rs, wnh which it might not seem
proper to troublf you at an extraordinary session,
will be laid before you at a future day. lam hap-
py in committing the important affairs of the country
into your nands The tenlency of public sentiment,
I am pleasiff to b°heve is towards Ihe adoption, in
a spirit ot union and harmony, of such measures a 
will fortify tne public interests To cheruh such a
tendency of public opinion is the task of an elevated
patnotim. That differences of opinion as to the
means of accomplishing these desirable objects
should exist, is reasonably to be expected. Nor
can all be made satisfied with any system of mea-
sures. But I flatter myself with the hope that the
gi eat body of the people will readily unite m support
oí those wbo«e efforts spring from a disinterested de-
tre to promote their happiness; to preserve the Fe-
deral and State Governments witbia their respective
orbits, to cultivate peace with all the nations of the
earth, on just and honrrable ground ; to exact
obedience to the law, to entrench liberty and pro-
perty in full security, and consulting ihe most rigid
economy, to abolish all uóekss. expenses.
JOHN TYLER.
W.ASHINGTO , June 1,1841.
REPORT  OF  THE SECRETARY  OF THE
1REASURY ON THE FINANCES, «fee.
In obed ence to the directions of the act of Con-
i   gress of &e 10th cf May, 1800, supplementary to
I   the "Act to e-itabli h the Treasury Department, the
i   Secretary of the Treasury respectfully submits the
following report-
1    OP THE POELIC IWV£N"E AND EXPENDITURES.
The receipts and expenditures for the year 1840
were as follows.
The avatlab « balance m tne Trea-
sury on the 1st of January, 1840,
(exclusive of amount deposited
with the States, trust funds, and in-
demnities, and the amount due
I from banks which failed in 1837,)
was, as appears by the books of
the R -gister of the Treasury         p, 663,083 60
The receipt" into the Treasury dur-
ng the year 1840 were, from
Customs         -         #13,499 502 17
Lands-           -            3,292,285 58
Bond of the Bank of
the United States   - 1,774,513 80
Miscellaneous and in-
cidental sources     -    283,258 23
Banks which failed m
1837          -           -    748 629 55
Treasury notes issued 5,589,547 51
------------------25,187,736 84
Making        -            .        $88,850,890.4*
