June, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________________________
27th Cons""1st Sess.                              Beport of the. Secretary of the Treasury.________________Senate and H. of Reps.
books of the Register of the Treasury do not al-
ways show the true dates of the receipts and ex-
penditures An item involved in the atrve state-
ment (table D) will serve to ¡frustrate this fact
The sum of §512 136 47 w?s, on the 2d and 31st
of October, 1840, pa d by the Bank of the United
States on its last bond to William Armstrong, su-
perintendent ai Fort Gibson, by order of the Se-
cretary of War. Though this sum was m fact
received and expended on those days, it did not find
its way into the office of the Register until the 4th
of March, 1841, on which day it appears on his
books both as a receipt and as an expenditure.
Thus, and to this extent, within ihe last four
years, were the expenditures pushed beyond the
amount of the revenue. They were made to ab-
sorb the surplus in the Treasury and the outstand-
ing debts due to the United States, so that the
Treasury was, on the 4th of March, 1841, exhaust-
ed of its means and subject to heavy and imme-
diate liabilities It was already burdened with a
debt incurred m time of peace, and without any
adequate resources except the authonty granted by
law to augment that debt.
As 5 et no provision has been made to reduce this
debt or to check Us constant and rapid increase
We find it, therefore, as far as past legislation and
financial arrangements characterize it, a permanent
and increasing nationsl debt. The temporary ex
pedients by which it has been sustained do not at
all vary its essentia! character.
The attention of Gongres-s is respec'fully invited
to the necessity of early and effectual measures le
prevent its further augmentation. The oovious
remedy is to increase the revenue as far as may b«
without unreasonably burdening commerce, and to
reduce the expenditures within the limns of strict
economy
But as it may not comport wi'b, the views of
Congress to go into a revision and adjustment of
the customs so long before the act of March 2,
183^ comes to h*ve its final and permanent opera-
tion, the undersigned would respectfully recom-
mend, as a temporary measure, the levy of a duty
of 20 per cent, ad valorem on all articles which are
now free of duty, or which pay a less duty than
20 per cent, except gold and silver, and the arti-
cles specifically enumerated in the 5th section of
the act of Mtrch 2, 1833.
If this measure be adopted, it is estimated that
there will be received into the Treasury from cus
toms-, in the last quarter of the present year, about
#5 300,000, in all of the year 1842, about
$22,500 000 and in the year 1843, after the final
reduction under the act of March 2, 1833, about
|20,800 000. The details of this estimate will be
found in the accompanying paper, marked E, and
enclosures.
It is believed tint, after the heavy expenditures
required for the public service m the present year
shall have been provided for, the revenues which
will accrue from that, or a nearly proximate rate
of duty, will be sufficient to defray the expenses of
Government, and leave a surplus to be annually
applied to the gradual payment of the national
debt, leaving the proceeds of the public lands to be
disposed of as Congress shall think fit.
The general principles on wh eh the final revi-
sion of the tariff is to rest are perhaps s> triple and
easy to be apprehended, but ihe work of revision
itself, in its adaptation and detail, must be a work
ef time. It should be done on calm reflection and
careful deliberation, with a view to reconcile, as
far as possible, the conflicting opinions, and to pro-
mote all the various interests of the whole people
of these United States And it may be important,
in that adjustment, not only to reciprocate on fair
and equal principle , and in a liberal spirit, the
concessions which may be accorded to our com-
merce by forsign nations, but also to do justice to
our own citizens by meeting in a like equal spirit
any heavy exactions or prohibitions which foreign
nanoos may think fit to impose upon the importa-
tion of our staple productions.
Some legal provisions are also required to cor-
rect inequalities between the duties upon sugar
and melasses, and the drawbacks upon refined su-
gar and rum, manufactured or distilled from fo-
reign materials.   The relation between the duty
and the drawback was adjusted by the acts of Ja-
nuary 21st, 1829, and May 29th, 1830, since which
time the duties have bem diminished, while tbe
drawbacks remain tht same. AM a provision of
law declaring that all non-enumerated articles
which bear a similitude to any enumerated article
chargeable with diuy shall pay the same rate of
duty with the article which it most resembles,
would save a large sum annually to the revenue,
and prevent much annoyance and litigation be-
tween the importer and the officers charged with
the collection of the castoms.
OP THE PUBLIC DEBT.
But it is not expected that any modification oi
the revenue laws will b" operative to supply the
immediate wants of the Ireasuty, ?nd to pa> the
debts wh ch fall due in the present and m the en
suing year. A further loan is nece sary to effect
these objects, ?nd the only questions that cap arise
are as to tbe mode of procuring the loan, the cha-
racter of the securities, and the assumed duration
of the debt.
It would, in the opinion of the undersigned, be
unwise to charge upon the commerce or the re-
sources of the country, in any form, the burden
of paying at once, or at all hastily, the national
debt. Before that is done, measures of restoration
and relief are required. The eurieney oí the
country should be restored, and commerce and in- |
dustry relieved from their present state of embar- ,
rass-ment and depression, and a ben gn and liberal
policy oh the part of the General Government
should call forth once mo e the hardy industry and
active enterprise of our people, and the vast resour-
ces of our country
If we assume the period of from five to eight
years as that m which this debt can be paid witn-
out inconvenience and embarrassment—and lhe
time appears to be short enough—we nave one of
the moat essential elements on which to form our
judgment as to the best and most convenient mode
m which the loan can be kept up, and the credit
of the Government sustained
In ths inception and during the progressive in-
crease of a national debt, the issues of Treasury
notes, though dangerous and delusive, have yet
their advantages. They need not be issued fas'er
tnan the actual wants of the Treasury require,
and the power to issue any given sam lfe, for all
effective purposes of immediate expenditure, a
fund in the Treasury available to that amount
But, when the debt has acquued i s maximum and
ceases to accumu a e, or when it becomes larger
than the amount necessary to be kept on hand to
meet the current wants of the Treasury, thi-se ad-
vantages disappear This mode of loan then be-
comes to the Goveirment what the sale in market
of new promissory notes, for the purpose of raising
money to take up old prorms«ory notes, is to an
individual. It is the issue of Treasury no'es to
take up other Treasury notes year after year in
succession, and, under thoss circumstances, it is
inconvenient and expensive
But the raising of money by the issue of Trea-
sury notes is objectionable, because it is deceptive,
by this means a heavy debt may be raised ana
fastened permarenfly upon the country, the amount
of new issues being involved with the payment of
the old, while the people, and even those who ad-
minister the finances, may not be impressed with
the important fact that a notional debt is created
or in the process of creation.
Therefore, in the opinion of the underlined,
when a national debt does exist, and must continue
for a time, it is better that it ihould be made & funded
debt, according to our ancient financial usage. Ii
ts then sheltered by no cover, and is the subject ot
no delusion. It is open, palpable, true, tne eyes of
the country will be upon it, and wjjl be ab'e at a
glance to mark its reduc'ioa or its increase, and it
is believed that a loan for the requisite amount, hav-
ing eight years to run, but redeemable at the wi 1
of the Government en six months' notice, could
be negotiated at a much less rate of interest than
Treasury notes. Much expeu e would also be
saved in dispensing with the machinery of the issue
and payment and cancelling of Treasury notes
It is therefore respectfully recommended that a
sum sufficient to pay the debt at present existing,
and such as will necessarily accrue m this and the
I ensuing year, be raised on loan for the time, and.
on the condition above suggested.
|     ON KEEPING AND DISBURSING THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
The uncterugned would abo lespectfuily invite
the attention of Congress to the present mode of
keeping and disbursing the public moneys, and also
to the subject ot the creation or employment of a
fiscal agent so be charged with the performance of
these and other duties. The subject is one of great
importance, both to the Government and to the
community, Such agent or depository ought to
unite, m the highest practicable degree, the safety
of the public funds, and convenience and economy
in their administration, and it should, if possible,
be so selected or framed as to exert a salutary in-
fluence over ihe business and currency of the coun-
try.
The mode of keeping and d'sbursjng the public
money, provided by the act of July 4, 1840, will be
found, on comparison with that heretofore chiefly
used by tne Government, eminently deficient in all
these essential requisites The financial history
of tne United States, especially for the last twelve
years, furnishes abundant prooi that the public
money is unsafe m the custody of individuals, and
that their official bonds are no sufficient security for
its safe keeping and faithful application. Within
the period abave named many receiving officers
connected with the Treasury Department have be-
come defaulters to the Government. The aggre-
gate lo«s from that cause within that period, as
"<hown by the books of the Department, amounts
to §2,620 100 but a smMl part of which will pro-
bably be recovered from their bonds. It is true
that, in any system which can be adopted, some
part of the public money must, in the process of
collection, pass through the hands of individuals,
arm b-* subject to their defalcations, but the act
of July 4, 1840, extends and continues the risk
beyond the period of collection, and it subjects
large masses which, in the fluctuations of com.
merce, sometimes accumulate, to the same dange-
rous custody.
Not only is the public money in the hands of
individuals more exposed to loss from ordinary de-
falcations than when deported in a well regu-
lated bank, but the Government is aho liable
to the n^ks of fire, robbery, and other casual-
tie , occurring either in deposite or transmis-
sion, from which it is entirely protected when a
well regulated bank is the depository and the fiscaV
agent.
The present system is also, in many respects,
cumbrous and inconvenient. Its tendency is to
centre the disbursements of the public moneys at
some of the Eastern cities, chiefly at New York.
That being the great commercial emporium of the
United States, is the point at which funds are the
moft valuable, and, therefoie, the most sought,
hence those who are entitle! to payments out of the
public Treasury claim them there. It istrue there is
a general discretion in the head of the Department
to refuse or grant the favor of such payments; ac-
cording to us convenience, but when the currency
is deranged, and the premium on exchanges is
high, this discretion involves discrimination to a
large amount among creditors equal'y entitled. It
then becames a dangerous discretion, and one that
ought not to exist. But, under tne present system,
it cannot be avoided, save in a few cases, without
discharging every public liability at the most fa-
vored point This would ai osee centre all the
disbursements at a few of the Eastern citieSj and
involve the Treasury in the risk and expense of
t ansportmg the public funds from the various
points of collection to the places of disbursement.
An item of less importance, "but still Worthy of
cons deration, in settling on a permanent and eco.
nomieal arrangement, is the direct expense of the
present system, including the cost-of ihe buildings
tor the deposite of the public toon"', and the «ala
ríes of the officers and their clerks who rereive and
disburse it No portion of this risk, inconvenience
er expense, need toJie incurred where a well re
gulated bank is made the fi cal agent.
But the present system is a!so; in tjie opinion oi
the undersigned, injurious to the business and cur
rency of the country.   Instead ot pefnn|iipg ths
