10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th CosG"--1st Sess.
Report from the D>partment of Stale.
Senate and H. of Reps
and papers of the office is a bouree of constant
anxiety.
All which is respectfully submitted.
FRANCIS GRANGER.
To the Pbbsident of the United States.
KEPORT PROM THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE
Mr. Fox to Mr   Wefoter
Washington, March 12, 1841
The undersigned, her Bntannic Majesty's En-
voy Extraordinary and Minuter Pienipoientia-y, is
instructed by his Government to make the follow-
ing official communication to fie Government of
the United Sta'es
Her Majeetj's Government have had under their
consideration the correspondence which took place
at Washington in December la t, between the
United States Secretary of State, Mr Forsyth, and
the undesigned, comprising twioffi tal letters from
the undersigned ts Mr F irsyth, dated the 13 h and
29th of December, and two effi ial letters from Mr
Farsyth to the undersigned, dated the 26ih and
30th of the'same month, Bpon the subject of the
arrest and imprisonment of Mr. Alexander Mc-
Leod, of Upper Canada, by the authorities tf the
State of New York, upon a pretended charge of
arson and murder as having been engaged tn the
capture and des ruction of the steamboat "Caro-
line" on the 29 h ot December, 1837
The undersigned is directed in the first place to
make known to the Government of the United
States that her Majesty's Government entirely ap-
prove of the course pursued by the undersigned m
that correspondence, and ot the language adopted
by him in the official letters above mentioned.
And the undersigned is now instructed again to
demand from the Government of ihe United States,
formally, in the name of the British Government,
the immediate release of Mr. Alexander Mc)>od
The grounds upon which the British Govern
ment make this demand upon the Government of
the United States are these That ttte transaction
on account of which Mr McLcod has been ar-
rested and is to be put upon his trial was a tran ac
Hon of a publ'C characti>, planned and executed
by persons duly empowered by her Majesty'-, Co-
lonial authones to take any steps and to do any
acts which might be necessary for the defence of
her Majesty's territories, and for the protection of
her Majesty's suljects, and that consequently
those subjects of her Majesty who engaged m thn
transaction were performing an act of public duty
for which they cannot be made personally and in-
dividually answerable to the laws and tribunals of
any foreign country.
The transaction in question may have been, as
Her Majestv's Government are of opinion tnat it
was, a justifiable empbvment of force for the pur-
pose of defending the Brmsh territory from the un-
provoked attack of d band of British rebe's ard
American pirates, who, having been permitted to
arm and organize themselves within the territory
of the United States, had actually invaded and oc-
cupied a portion of the territory of 1 er Majesty,
or it may have been, as al'eged by Mr. Forsvth in
his note to the undersigned of the 26 h of Decem-
ber, "a most unjustifiable invasion in line of
peace ot Ihe teintory ot the United States " But
this is a question essentially of apolitical and in-
ternational kind, which can be discussed and settled
only between the two Government, and sh ch the
the cour s of justice ot the. Siatt ot New Yoik
cannot by possibility have any means of judging
or any right of deciding.
It would be contrary to the universal prac'ice of
civili¿°d nations to fix individual responsibility
'upon persons who, w.ih the sanction or by the
orders of the constituted authorities of a State, en-
gaged m military or naval enterprises in their
country's cause, and it m obvious that the intro-
duction of such a principle wuU aggravate be
yond measure the miseries, and would frigo'iully
increase the demoril zing effects of war, by mixing
up with national exasperation the feroc ty of pei-
sonal passion , and the cruelty and bitterness ot in-
dividual revenge.
Her Majesty's Government cannot believe that
the Government of the United Statss can jeally
intend 'o set an example so fraugb' wi u evil to th°
commmii'y of nation , and the direct tendency of
which must be to brng back into the practice of
modem war atrocities which civilization and Chris-
tianity have long since banished.
Neither can her Majesty's Government admit
for a rnrment the validity of the doctrine advanced
by Mr Forsyth, that the Federal Government of
the United States has no power to interfere in the
ma'ter m question, and that the decision thereof
must rest solely and entirely with t.'.e State of Niw
York.
With the particulars of the internal compaet
«•Inch may exist between the several States that
empose the Union, foreign powers have nothing
to do. the relations of fore gn powers are wuh the
aggregate Union that Union 13 to them represent
ed bv the Federal Government; anl of that Union
the Federal Government is to them the only organ
Therefore, when a foreign power has redress to
demand for a wrone done to it by any S a'e of the
Union, U is to the Federal Government, and rot
to the separate Stpte, that sech power ¡rus' look
for rediess for that wrong And such foreign
power cannot adrrit the plea that the separate S'ate
is an independent bjdy over which the Federal
Government has no control. It is obvious that
íuch a doctrine, if admitted, would at once go to a
dissolute n of the Union as far as i s relations
with foreign powers are concerned, and that fo-
reign powers, in such case, instead of accrediting
diplomatic agents to the Federal Government,
would send such agents not to that Government,
but to th" Government of each sepaiate State, and
would make their relations of peace and war with
each State depend upon the result of ttseir si párate
íntercour e with such State, without reference to
the relations they might have with the rest.
Her Majes'y's Government apprehend that the
above is not the conclusion at which the Govern-
ment of the United States intend to arrive; \et
such it the conclusion to which the arguments
that have been advanced by Mr. Forsyth neces a-
nly lead
But be tha' as it may, her Majesty's Govern-
ment formally demand, upon the grounds already
stated, the immediate release of Mr. McL ed, and
her Majesiy's Government entreat the Presidí nt
of the United Sta es to tak  into his most delibe-
rate consideration the serious nature of the conse-
quences which must ensue from a rejection of this
demand
The Uni'ed States Government will perceive
that, in dsmanding Mr. MeLeod's release, her
Majesty's Government argue upon the assumption
thit he was one of the persons engaged in thf c?p-
turp of the steamboat "Caroline," but her Mnj°s
ty's Givcnment have the strongest reasons for be-
ing convinced that Mr Mct>od was not ra fact
eng'gei in that transaction aad the undersigned is
hereupon instructed to say that although the cir-
cumstance itself makes no difference m the poli
tieal ard in ernational question at issue and al-
though her Majesty's Government do not demand
Mr MeLeod's release upon the ground that he was
not concerned in tha capture of the "Caiohne "
but upon the ground thit the capture of the ' Ca-
robne" was a transaction of a public character for
which the persons engaged m it cannot incur pri-
vate aid personal responsibility; yet the Govern-
ment of the United Slates must not disguise from
themselv-s that the fact that Mr. McLeod was not
engaged in the transaction must necessarily t nd
greatly to inflame thit national resentment which
any harm tha' shall be suffered by Mr. McLeod at the
hands of the authorities of the S ate of New York
will mfa'libly excite througnout the whole of the
Bri'ish Empire.
The undersigned, in add-etsmg the present offi-
cial communication, by order of his Government,
to Mr Webster, Secretary of State of the United
States, has the honor to offer to htm the assurance
of his distinguished consideration
H. S   FOX.
The Hon Daniel Wfb'ter.&c &c. &c.
The
Mr. Websler to Mr Fox
Department of State, April 24, 1841.
undersigned, Secretary   of  State   of the
Umt.d S ates, ha^ the h ror to íiiíor-m Mr Fox,
Envoy Extraordinary and M nister Plenipotentiary
oí her Br'tannic Majesty, that his note of the 12ih
rf March was íeceived and laid betue the Presi-
dent.
Circumstances well known to Mr. Fox have ne-
ccsvanly dMayed, for some day«, the consideration
of ihat note.
Ts e undersigned has the honor now to say that
it has b en fully considered, and that he has been
directed by the Presid-nt to addreis to Mr. Fox
the tollowirg lcpiy
Mr Fox informs the Government of the United
States that he is mst uc ed to make known to it
that the Goternmint ot her Maje* y entirely ap-
prove the course pursued by him in h s correspond-
ence wita Mr Forsyth in Dtceaiber last, and the
language adopted by firm on that occasion, and that
that Government have instructed him "again to
demand ¡rom the Government ot the United States,
formaUy, in the name of the British Government
the immediate release of Mr Alexander McLeod,"
that "the grounds upon which the British Govern-
ment make this demand upon the Government of
the United States a'e these: That the transaction
op account of which Mr McLeod has been arrest-
ed, and is to be put upon his trial was a transac-
tion of a pubhc character, planned and executed
by persons duly empowered by her Majesty's Co-
lonial authorities to take any steps, and to do any
acts which might be necessary for the defence of
her Majesty's territories, and for the pr tection of
her Majesty's subjects, and that consequently
ti>ose subjects of her Majesty who engaged m
that transaction «ere performing an act of public
duty, for wh ch they cannot be made personally
and mdiv dually answerable to the laws and tribu-
nals of anj foreign country "
The President is not ceitam that he understands
precisely the meaning mtenaed by her Maje-ty's
Government to be conveyed by the foregoing in-
struction.
This doubt has occasioned with the President
some hesitation, but he mel nes to take it for
granted that the main purpose of the instruction
was to cause it to be signified to the Government
of the United States that ihe act on the steam-
boat "Caroline" was an act of public force,
done by the British ci lonial authorities, and fully
recognis-d by the dueen's Government at home,
and tnat consequently no individual concerned m
that transaction can, according to the just principle
of the laws of nations, he held personally answerable
in the ordinary courts of law as for a private of-
fence, and that upon this avowal of her Majesty's
Govtrnment, Alexander McLeod, now imprisoned
on an indie ment for murder a'leged to have been
committed in that attack, ought to be released by
s eh proceedings as are usual and are suitable to
the case
The President adopts the conclusion that nothing
more than this could have been intended to be ex-
pressed, from the cons deration that her Majesty's
Government must be fully aware that in the Uni-
ted S'ate«, asm England, pel sons confined under
judicial process can be released from ihat confine-
ment only by judicial piocess. In neither country,
as the undersigned supposes, can the arm of the
Executive power mtcrlere, directly or fore bly, to
release or deliver the prisoner His discharge
must be sought in a manner conformab!e to the
principles of law and the proce'ings of courts of
judfgture. If ?ny indictment, like tnat which has
been found against Alex. McLeod, and under cir-
cumstances like those wmch belong to his case,
were pending against an individual in one of the
courts of England, there is no doubt that the law
officer of the Cn wn might enter a nolle prosequi, or
that the prisoner m ght cause himsell to be brought
up on habeas corpus and discharged, if his ground
ot discharge shou d be adjudged sufficient, or that
he misht prove the same facts, and insist 0n the
same defence or exemption on his trial.
All these are legal m >de  oí procet dings, well
known to the laws and practice of both countries.
But the unders gned does not suppose that, if such
a case were to arise m England, the power of the
Executive Government could be exerted in any
more direct manner.   Even in the case of Ambas-
