14
'*r*#
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841-
27th Cong.-'.Ist Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate
of the nation By way of illustration, he wished
the House to apply the Constilution to ihe facts as
they pre.ented themselves The journals ot the
last Congress snow that William Henry Harrison,
ot Ohio, was elected President, and John Tyler, oí
Virginia, was elected Vice President, of the United
Slates. We all know that within one briet month
after his inauguration, William Henry Harrison
died. What occurs under such a contingency?
Examine the Constitution. You find that in the
section be had ju$t read, it is clearly stated that in
case of the inability of the President to discharge
the duties of his office, or of the President's death,
the powers and dunes of the office devolve upon,
or, if he might so express it, rull down upon—
whom? On the Vice President In this case, on
John Tyler. In no case does it provide that he
(the Vice President) shall ascend to the Presidency.
Having some doubts whether the word 'Same"
referred to the word "office," or to "the powers
and duties," of the President, he (Mr. McK ) had
examined the history of the debates on the forma-
tion of our Consumtion. He found some re-
ferences bearing on this question, m ihe Madison
Papers, to which he wished to call the attention of
the House, as explanatory, in some respects, of the
meaning of the passage in the Constitution which
he was now discussing In thp Conventun various
propositions were made, providing for the execu-
tion of the duties and powers ot ihe fir<4 officer of
the Government, in case of his death or removal
Not one of these propositions alluded to making
the inferior officer assume the title of the superior,
m case of his death or removal Mr. Pink
ney submitted his plan of a Federal Consti-
tution. In the article relating to the President's
duties there is this provision "In ca e oí his
(the President's) removal, death, legation, op
disability, the President of the Senate shill exercise
tfce duties of his office until another President be
chosen. And in case oí the death of the Pre ! lent
of the Senate, tht Speaker of the House of Delegates
¡Hall do so " Another piop ^uion tame from Mr.
Ruil dge In his prep ised Oral t of a Constitution, ap-
pears the following "In case ot his (the Pie idem' )
removal, d«atb, resignaton, oí d sability to dis-
charge the duties and poweis of Ihe office, ihe Presi-
dent of the Senate shall exercise thuoe powers and
duties until another President of the United States
be chosen, or until the disability oí the Speaker he
removed."
In neither of these propositions do we find an>
other intention manifested but that of providing,
in the case of the death of the Prtsident, lor the
exercise of his powers- and dutu s In the convei -
tion, on the debate on the last proposition reiwed
to, Mr Gonverneor Moirik obiec ed lo the Pre l-
dentrf tie Senate being provisional succes or to
the President, and suggested the designation t f ihe
Chief Justici. Mr Madison ad led, as a ground
of objection, that the Senate mght retard the ap-
pointment of a President, in order to carry points,
whilst the reversionary power was m thePr sident
of their own body; but suggested that the Exe^u
Uve powers, duting a vacancy, be administered by
the persons composing the council ot the Presi-
dent.
From In s remark of Mr. Yl.idis.on it is evident
that he was anxious io piovide for the exercise of
the Ex cutive powers (which had already been
vested m ih« President) during a vacancy in that
oÉS e Mr Madison did not propose that any
other officer should be President in case ot such
vacancy Anoiher member of the convention,
Mr. Williamson, suggested that t.,e L .; slatt,re
ought to have pov er to piovide for occasional
succf ssors, and moved that the clause relating to a
provisional successor to th Present, be post-
poned. Mr. Die'.enson seconded the postpone-
ment, remarking it was to > vague, as far ao it re-
lated to th  extant of the term di abj i y, and who
was to be the judge of         It  wj    si postponed
On the 3tstdayof Au_u t, 17*7, the postponed
partof the propo'eJ Constuution /as referred to a
committee, appointed by b?l ot On ih> Gh Sep-
tember, Mr Biearly, from mat committee, le-
ported the section relating to the Pres dent m the
following words.
"In case of his (the President's) removal  as
aforesaid, death, absence, resignation, or inability
to discharge the powers and dunes of his office, the
Vict President shall exercise those powers ar d duties
until another President be chosen, or until the ina-
bility of the President be etrtoved "
On the 7th September, 1787, Mr. Randolph
moved to insert the following: "The Legislature
may declare by law what officer of the Uni ed
States shall act as President in case of the death,
resignation, or disability of the President and Vice
President, and such officer shall act accordingly
until the time of electing a President shall ar-
rive." Mr. Madison observed that this, as word-
ed, would prevent the supply of a vacancy bv an
intermediate election of the President, and moved
to substi'ute "until such disability be removed, or
a President be elected," and this amendment was
agreed to.
The House would discover from these refer-
ences that the object of the mpmb rs of the con-
vention was to declare whj should, in certain con-
tingencies, act as President, who should dischargei
the powers and duties of the President in case of
a vacancy in the Presidential office If either of the
sections, a* read, had regained in the Constitution,
there could be no doubt that the second offieei in
the Government did not become the first by the
death of the President The doubt now arises on
the article as it stands But the intention of the
article is not different now from that propo.ed to
be carried out by the various other proposi-
tions. The whole Constitution, after these va-
rious suggestions were made, was referred to
a committee ot revision, to revise the style of, and to
arrange the articles agreed on. X'he committee c> n-
sisted oí Messrs Jolina n, Hamil on, Gouverneur
Morns, Madison, and K>ag, and the lesun of their
de iberatioiis was reported by Dr Johnson on the
12 h September, 1787. Thai report was the pr -
sent Constitution, and the clau e lelatmg to the
President read as it now stands in the Constitution
as adopted by the United States Tie pr imment
members of this committte nad themse ve, m
then various piorositiors, suggested the exe'cising
the pou,ers and duties of the office of President, by
an inferior officer, in cas' of the President's death,
and when they reported, it is reasonable to suppose
such was their intention in the sectn n ?s reported
In Mr Hamilton'  plan of a Constitution, hMi-
ed to Mr. Mad son, one of the sections real as
follows "The President of th  Senate shall be toe
Vice Pre idem of the Unite i 3 ales on he death, re-
signation, impeachment, removal from office, or ab-
sence fiom the United Slates of t'ie President there-
of, the Tice President shall exercise all the powers
by this Constitution ve ted in the President um 1
anothei shall be appointed, or until he shall
retuin within the United States, if his absence
was with the consent of the Senate and Assemblj."
To his (Mr McK's) mind it was male cleat, by
this txamination ot the deba'es, that' the powers
and duties" oí th1 President devolved on the Vice
President, and were to be by him exercised as sucn
officer
Another ru e by which the true intention of the
Consti utton could be arrive! a', was by placing
such con^tmctton on it as ihit ¿11 parts 0t u«oa J
stand toge her, as the instrument onginallj was
a ¡opted Under me Construí in as trigmally
adopted, the Vice President of the United Safts
might have been a naturalized cm/ n, and less
than thirt -five years of age, because th*re was
no provision to pretent it N >w suppose in oc-
currence like that \ hich has taken place, ha' hap-
pened before ihe amendment ( f the Constitutor, if
the Vi e P esidcnt in such a ca e b. came the Presi-
dent, hov.ou.ld be so j-> spac ot that provision,
¡vhica requires that the Pr sadent be a native citi-
zen and th ny fiv yc?ts of age
But suppose we turn our at ention to the case of
a tempo aiy vacancy Is the "Vice President then
o be Pres dtnt Tne c^use in the Cons t.utioa
draws afier a pemanent vacancy the samr con=r-
quences as a temporary v^-carc). Ths same
words cover the difieicnt contingencies If the
President of the United States weie under impeach-
ment, how would he be described? Certa nly as
Pie* dent If that officer were unable to act be
cause, while absent from the seat of Government,
he had committed an offence not bailable by the
laws of the Stale m which he was arrested, and
was thereby unable to discharge the duties and
powers of President, if the title, with the powers,
devolved on the Vice President, we should have
two Presidents at the same moment of time.
In case of the Presiden'  laboring under disabi-
lity from siekntss—-entirely prostrated, and una-
ble to approach public business—unable for a few
months to discharge his important duties, will
members insist that the Vice President, acting
under this clause of the Constitution, and deciding
that the disability provided for by that instrument
had occurred, may assume *he title, and draw the
salary ot the President. He (Mr McK ) trusted
such aonstruc ion would not be made. If such
was the intent o.i, he couid well forsee th* most
dangerous con >equences to the nation, should the
second officer ot the Government differ in politi-
cal sentiment hoca the first. In his (Mr. McK's)
view, the disability of the President produced
the-e consequences. The President retains his
office, drawing the salary of President. The Vice
President retains his office, but exercises the pow-
ers and duties of President. The President of the
S>nate pro tern then performs the duties of the
Vice President as President of the Senate. In th.s
airangement nothing is disturbed in the machinery
of the Government
Another view ot the question would anse in the
compensation of the Chief Mpgistsate. The
salary of the President was $25 000; and can that
salary be drawn by the Vice Piesident as Presi-
dent of the United States? Some might say he
was entnled to it, and he (Mr McK ) wished it to
b  understood, that he, too, sh uid give his vote
ihatthe Vic* President, under such circumstance',
should have it,but wash- also to draw ihe Vice
President's salary? There was nothing in the C n-
stttution which give him the power to draw
the salan , he waj given only " the power
and the duties" ot the office, but not the sa-
lary. In some of ih° States provision was
made that the Lieutenant Goveraor diauld not
only assume the du íe-, of Governor, in case of
ihe d<-?th of the Goveimr, but 'hat he should have
ihe same compensation, but as no such provision
was fourd h°ie, they should be careful not to have
any fhirg done but wh?t was >n Constitution—a
Constnu ion admitted on all s des to be one of de-
legated powers, and those expiessly enumerated.
vr. IWcK observed that there were other con-
s deratit ns connected with the subject, but which he
w uld not now prt s„nt to the consideration of the
House He sho ild subaiit to the decision of the
House, bai he a¡-k«d that whatever their decision
b-, <t would re b mingled with the political
discussions of the da", and that it would be the set-
tlemtnt of a principie for the guidancs of the
fu.ure.
REMARKS OP MR. BUCHANAN,
Or PENNSYLVAMA,
In Senate, Thursday, June 10, 1841 —Mr Rives
ha/m_ lerewr Í hi motion tha  so much of the
Pies. eitS messa e ?s relates to 0"r fore gn
affais be uf rrcd fo the Committee on Foreign
Ada i s,
Mr. BUCHANAN thereupon rote and addressed
the Senate, obseryns; that when be had first read
Ihe e rrespondence betneen the British Minister,
Mr Fox, and the Amer car Secretary cf State, he
had at once determine 1 to make, upon the first fit
opportunity, «-orne observations upon that corre-
spondence in the face of the Senate and of the coun-
try He regretted that, m finding a fit opportunity,
there had, contrary to his own inclinations, been so
much delay, but hiving at leng'h found it, he
would accompl sh his or einat purpose, and would
do it with as much brevity as po sible, premising,
however, th- t h<? should not have thought of such
a proceeding upon *his mere motion of reference,
had 'lot the eiamnle been set and a precedent es-
tablished at trie last session of Congress by the pre-
sent Set-ietary of S ate.
He must re permitted to make one remark by
way of preface, and bat was, that if he knew him-
self, he was not actuated, m this matter, by any
thing like paity political feeling.   He trusted his
