June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
1$
27th Cong -"1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate*
construction of some portions of the correspond-
ence in que>tion might prove incorrect; for though
he acknowledged himself to be a party man and
strongly influenced by party feeling, it had been
his endeavor never ¡o carry that feeling with him
into the Committee on Foreign Relations, (of which
he had for many years been a member,) and he
trusted that he had given sufficient evidence oí' th s
by his course on that committee. Yet, as he was
firmly convinced that a proper regard for the Ame-
rican character, b.nh at home and abroad, required
that some commentary should be made on these pa-
pers, h-; had, upon reading them, determined, at
once, that that commentary should be made by him
without fear, but with respectful regard to the feel-
ings of all pames.
He had been asked, what objection could be
fnade to the letter of the 24th of April last, lately
published trom Mr. Webster, our Secretary of
State, to Mr. Fox? There was little, indeed:—much,
very much, that it contained, had his cordial ap-
probation; but, unfortunately, that letter had little
or nothing to do with ihe substance of the matter.
It did not make its appearance until nearly six
weeks after the important business between, the
two Governments had been transacted. It was the
letter of the British Minister of the 12th of March,
and the instructions of the Secretary of State to
the Attorney General of the Uuited States, of the
15th of the same month, which contained the true
merits of the case. It was that letter of instruc-
tions, a copy of which had doubtless been commu-
nicated lo tae British Minister, and had been open-
ly referred lo in the British Parliament; it was
these instructions, especially, which lay at the root
of the question. Oa these two papers of the 12th
and 15tn March, public opinion had been formed
and must be formed as well in England as here;
a'id the Secretary's last letter which came ¡imp-
ing along six weeks sfter, however just and how-
ever eloqtient it might be, cojld exert but little cr
no influence either m Europe or  m this country.
To understand the merits of the case a brief re-
capitulation of facts was necessary. A rebellion,
Slid Mr. B. or, if you please, an attempt at revolu-
tion, existed m Canada; during the course of wh.ch
the insurgents took pos-e-sion of Navy island, in
thí Niagara river. Á British militia force of two
thous?nd men was embodied at Chippewa, on the
Canada side of the river. The A m:rican steam-
boat Caroline, alter having carried provisoes to
fie insurgents on Navy island, (for I believe that
was the fact,) together with probaaly a singb can-
non, lay at anchor, after her trip, fastened to the
wharf at Schiosser, a snail village notoriously
within the juris i.ction of the United States, under
. tae sacred as is of our protection. And that coun-
try must be recreant to itseif and to its citizens,
which would not, until the very last, maintain and
vindicate its ownexc usivesovere;¿uty over its own
soil against all foreign ,'iggres-ion.
There lay this ve se! in. American waters, un
der ibe euatdiamhip of oar sovereignly and of the
American flag; but these afforded her tij protection.
What happened on ihe night of the 29th 11 De-
cember, 1837? Colonel AHar, McJN'ab, a name
famous in st'W, was in c minaría of the body of
militia at Clnppnwa. Under his aupices, a Gap-
tain Drew, of the British navy, who, I be-
lieve, has sisee been pensioned for Ins galiaat
exploit, undeitook to raise a body of volun-
teers, and, by way of characterizng the na-
ture of the service they were to perform, de-
clared, that he waited ':t;y or sixty desperate fel-
lows, who would be ready to io'i"w hifu to the
devil. Under tiv* authority of this Colonil Mc-
Nab, now Sir Allan MoKtb, (for I .nider.-'and he
has since been itmshted by Q.u..ea Victoria,) this
body of men, with Captain Drew a' tLeir head,
passed down the Niagira river at the dead
hour of midnight, without previous not.e\ and
while the people on board of tiic Caroline lay
reposine uud'ir the pro'eeprn of Amer can 'aits,
and made an at'aek on unarmed men, '..ho were
private citizn.-, notconne.-.te.l in any way with the
resistance to British authority, and murdered at
least one oí their number wuhui f'-e American ter-
ritory. These barbarians, regardless of the lives
of those who may have remained on board, un-
moored the boat, towed her out into the midd.e of
ihe river, where a swift and irresistible current
soon hurried her down the falls of Niagara, and
to this hour it is not known how many American
citizens perished on that fatal night. This is no
fancy picture.
Now, as to the principle of the law of nations
which applies to such a case, that pure patriot and
eminent jurist, John Marshall, has expressed it
wiih great force and clearness.    He says that
" Thejurisdiction of a nation, within its own territory, is ex-
clusive and absolute. It is susceptible of no limitation not im-
posed by itself. Any restriction, deriving validity from an ex-
terna! source, wouid imply a diminution of its sovereignty to
the extent of that restriction, a:id an investment of that sove-
reignty to the same extent in that power which could impose
3ucii restriction.3'—7 C ranch, 1 to.
And again:
"Every nation has exclusive jurisdiction over the waters ad.
jacent to its shores, to the distance ol a cannon shot, 01 marine
league."—1 Gdltis, C  C. R. 62,
According t« the settled law of nations, if the
Caroline had been a vessel of war, on ihe high
seas, belonging to ihe insurgents, and after an en-
gagement with a British vessel had been pursued
within a marine league of the American shore, our
national sovereignty, as a neutra! power, would im-
mediately have covered her, and a hostile gun could
not haie been fired against her without affording
us grounds for juct complaint. If, for example,
the British and French nations had been at open
war, and a French vessel, in flying before British
pursuit, should have been driven within a marine
league of the Amei ¡can coast, all further acts of
hostility towards her must have instantly ce=.sed,
or we, as the neutral power, would have been
wounded in the most sensitive point, namely, that
of our sovereignty.
I shall not here argue lo prove that in this case
there has been a gross violation of our national so
vereignty, because on that point no gentleman, I
am. sure, does or can entertain a doub'. That be-
ing clear, il.e Amenc;n Government at once re-
monstrated in strong and forcible, and ever, elo-
quent terms, through our Minister abroad. The
letter of Mr. Stevenson on that occasion, does hiru
great honor, indeed Repeat.d attempts were made
to induce the British Government to answer this
remonstrance, but all in v«in. It is true that it
has been stated in the British House of Commons
by one of the British ministers, that the American
Government had finally given up the question, and
did not intend t  insist upoa an answer. The pre-
tence for ranking this statement has most probably
arisen from a custom too common among ua of
publishing diplomatic correspondence, whilst the
negotiation to w'oich it reíales is still pendins. Mr.
S evenson, in his letter to Mr. Forsyth of the 2d
July, 1839, employs this language:
"I regret tosavthatno answer has yet been given to my note
in the case of trie Caroline. I have not deemed it proper, un-
der the circumstances, to press the subject without further in-
structions from your Depanmen'. If it is the wish ol the Go-
vernment that I shouid do so. t pray to be mfoimed of it, and
thcilesreeol urgency that I am to adopt."
To which Mr. Forsyth replns under date of Sep-
tember 11, 1833, a* follows:
"With relertuceto the clo'ini paragraph of your communi.
cation to the Department, dated 2d of duty last, it is proper to
inform von that no mstnictions are at present required for
osaiti b'tireinj forward V.'a question of ihe 'Caroline.' Ihnre
¡{ad frequent"conrtrsi'lwns villi Mr Fox in rrsnril ',i litis
subject, on-: of i-fjiirrcp.nl thi/r-: and ftnm ¡Is lonr. the Pre-
sident experts the British Gocernment willanswer your ap-
plication mthe case, without miahjvrlhet delay "
Toe Seiidtt v, ,li thus peiceive that Were is no
foundation in this cirre'posdence for (be pretext
that the American Government had abandoned the
pursjit of thtí quest or, unless it may be by srr-
blms trie note of Í3r For.-) di and -upprcss n¿ the
sent, nee which I have just re.-.d
Whether the admin st>-ation r.C P,es:dcnt Vf)n
1 uren pursued its remonstrance with sufficient
energy i^. not tor me to *ay, although I hel'eve they
did, but thjt forms r.o part of the question now be-
fore the Sena'e. It seem  thai, from the eonveisa-
tion of Mr. Fox, Mr. Foisym was induce i ¡o be-
lieve that a speed v answer w^nld be given
Oa the__of ^Covmber,   1840, ihrs iii.ionuss'c
man, Alexander HcL^.tl, came vol.irüsrüv within
the juii-üiCtioa of the United States. I am i .dined
io be neve that the vain boasting of this man, as to
hisp'tsenceand participation ¡n the. attack on :he
Caroline, has occasioned all the difficulty which
now exists.   I rather think he was not present at the
capture of that vessel, and this fact, if ¡t had been
wisely used, would have afforded the means of ad-
justing the difficulty to the satisfaction of both par-
ties.    But he came upon the American soil, and, in
the company of American citizens, openly boasted
that he had belonged to Drew's capturing squad-
ron.   In consequence sf these assertions, he was
atrested by the local authorities, and indicted for
murder.    This state of things gave rise to a cor-
respondence  between  Mr. Fox and  Mr. Forsyih,
from which I intend lo read a brief extract.   The
correspondence resulted in this: that Mr.Forsyth ex-
pressed it as his opinion, and that of the President of
the U.States,that under the law of nations the avowal
by the British Government of the capture of the
Caroline, should such an avowal be made, would
not free McLeod from prosecution in the criminal
courts of the State of New York.   It effect was
merely cumulative.     It did not take away the of-
fence of McLeod, but added thereto, and made it
a national as well as an individual offence.   The
legal prosecution of McLeod, and the application
to the British Government for satisfaction, were
independent of each other, and might be separate-
ly and simultaneously pursued.    But whether this
were the  true principle of national law or not,
Mr. Forsyth very properly said that the question
must be decided by ihe judiciary of New York,
and that,  if the position of Mr. Fox were well
founded, McLeod would have the full protection
of that doctrine before the court.   He could plead
that his act had been recognised by the British Go-
vernment, and if the plea were allowed, he would
be set at liberty.    That was the position of the
business at the close of Mr. Van Buren's adminis-
tration; and a happier, safer,   and more secare
position of the question for American rights and
evtn for  the honor of England, also, could not
not have been desired.     When ihe trial came on,
McL-od would have two giounds of defence: first,
that he had not bean present at the capture of the
vessel; and, next, that Ihis capture had been re-
cognised by the British Government as a' publicad
done under its authority.    If, in this state of things,
ihere had been a little prurient delay, (he question
would probably soon  have settled itself to the sa-
t sfaetion oí both parties     But inquiries had been
addressed, in Parliament, to the  British ministers
on this subject, and a  high  excitement  had been
produced throughout the British nation     Tbis can
always be done in that country on every contro-
veisy with America, biciuse our side of the question
never appears in thetr public journals. I have been
for years in the habit of reading some of the Eng-
lish journals, and, so far as I have observed, our
side of the question, even in relation to the north-
east boundary, had never to this day been presented
to the British public.    No Englishman can obtain
from any of ih'se journals which I have seen, any
distinct idea whatever as to   the ground insisted
upon by u" in that controversy,
*An   excrement had been raised  on the   Mc-
Leod question, and loud defiances had been ut-
tered on the  flcor of the  House of Commons.
Threats had been made, in case the American Go-
vernment should d-ire to retain McLeod in custo-
dy.    An attempt had been made on both  sides of
the water, to produce the belie/ that war was Im-
pend n ; and so far with success, that the Ameri-
can fleet in the Mediterranean, or at least a por-
tion < f it. has acually  returned home, while all
our vessel.  in that sea had passed  the straits and
gon" into the Atlantic.    Snne people here  even,
other thin the iadies, beca-ni afraid that the British
fleets would be up"n our coast and lay our cities
in ashes.    A marvel'ous panic prevailed for a time
?no -¡r th "e who had weak nerves, and  then, to
crown" sil, ome the letter of Mr. Fox to Mr. Web-
ster.    The British nation has, I freely admit, much
lo rvcom-rK:.d it, but we all know that their diplo-
matic pobev. utbke tba'   of ether European   na-
tion--, h-s b"?in of a character bold, arrostant,  and
o'verbeari .-'.   John. Bull has ever preferred to ac-
compli* that by m-in for: e  which other  nations
would have attempted by diplomacy.    I come now
to the letter of Mr. Fox, at. I so eh a letter!   This
letter is the more imposing f torn the fact that it was
not Mr. Fox's own composition, but is an official
communication  from   the   BntUh   Government,
