16_________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________June, 1841.
2Fth Cong......1st Sess.                              Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.________________                           Senate.
This fact appears from its first sentence, which is
as follows
"The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordi
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary, is instructed by his Govern
Tastittoruake trie following official communication to the Go
vernment of the United States "
It is then an ofhoial communication from the
British Government themselves. It is not my de-
sire oa this occasion to excite either here or else-
where any feelings which should not be excited I
merely state facts To what is this letter an an-
swer? If to any thing, it is to the letter of Mr For-
syth addressed to Mr. Fox on the 26th December,
1840 I will not trouble the Si nale to read that
paper, they may find it in document 33, page 4
And what is the character of the letter of Mr
Fox? It commences with a peremptory and con-
clusive settlement of the whole matter so far as the
British Government is concerned It is not suffi
cient for that Government to say that they take the
responsibility of the act of McLeod upon them-
selves, but they even justify in the strongest terms
the capture of the Caroline itself Yet here is
Mr. Webster, on the 24ih of April, arguing a
question which the British mimstiy had settled six
weeks before. They do not say surrender McLeod
and the question of the Caroline shall be left open
That would not be according to the manner o¡
John Bull when he puts himself fairly in motion
He (Joes not stop to argue, but at once cuts the
knot without the trouble of giving any reason
Mr. Stevenson had remonstrated in the most ur-
gent manner, and had submitted to the British Go-
vernment at London a mass of testimony, but no
notice whatever was taken of his communication,
and no reasons given for their determination Mr.
Fox, or rather that Government, m half a sentence
settles the question
"The transaction in question, (says the letter ) may have
been as her Majesty's Government are of opinion that it
toas, a justifiable employment of force for the-purpose of de
fending the Bi uish lerntui y    4"c
Our reinuns ranee, when this haughty reply was
written, had been pending for ihree years
Mr. Forsyth, in his letter of 26th December,
1840, had argumentatively stated the whole
case, setting fonh ihat the avo val of McLeod'
act, should it be assumed by the Briti h Go
vernment, so far from doing away with out
ground of complaint, went only to increase
it. It was cumulative, not exculpatory. Whilst
it would not relieve McLeod /rom pet'onal
responsibility, it would seruusly implicate the
British Government in his guilt And how is that
argument answered? In this haughty imperious sen-
tence:
"Her Majesty s Government c tnnot behove that the Govei n
ment of the United states cm r ally n ten It *ct an o\ mpl
so fraught with t*vil to the con mu i y I i ations and t! c h
rect tendency of which must be to bung into the piictice of
modern war atocines- which civilisation and Chn tiannuy
have long since banished
Here is no argument attempted, no authority
cited, but a simple declaration put forth jn the
strongest terms as to the "atrocity" of the principle
for which the American Government had been «e
rtously contending But the crowning point of
this insulting letter is yet to come, and I undertake
to say that it contains a direct threat from the
British Government I am not extensively ac-
quainted with the language of diplomacy, bat I
certainly have not seen any thing like ihi  thteat
in any offtnal communication between civilized and
friendly nations tor ihe last fifty years I hope I may
be mistaken in my view of the language, but here
it is-
1 But be that as it may her vlaiesty s Government formally
demand uptm the gl un is airea ly stated tie immediate íe
leaseofMi Mcleod andhei Majesty s G vernment enti eat the
Presi lent of the United States to take into lis most deliberate
consideration Vie serious mUuie of tie consejuen es wJ co
must ensue from a rejection of 11 s de lay d
What consequence^ What consequences? Af
ter the denunc ations we had heard in th  British
Parliament, and all that hid oecurre i 11 the c< urse
of the previous corrept rid nce,coul I any thing have
been intended but "the prions djijf  of the tonse
quences which mus e 5ue' f> i m war with Enjr-
la^d? And here let me put a case I am so in
fortnnate as to have a difference w th a friend of
mine. I will suppose it to be my fnend from
South?Carolina, [Mr Prest n ] I know, if you
please, even that I am in the wrong My fnend
comes to me and demands an explanation, adding,
at the same time, these words If you do not grant
the reparation demanded, I entreat you to consider
the serious consequences which must ensue from
your refusal. Certain I am there is not a single
member of this Senate, I might say net an intelli-
gent man in the civilized world, who would not con-
sider such language as a menace, which must be
withdrawn or explained before any reparation could
be made. It was the moment afier I read this sen-
tence that I determined to bring the subject before
the Senate A thought then struck me which per-
haps I should do better now to repress, but it was
this. I imagined I saw that man whom Ml Jef-
ferson truly denominated the old Roman, as Presi-
dent, sitting in his apartment and reading this letter
for the first time When he came to this sentence,
what would be his feelings* What indignant emo-
tions would it arouse in his breast* Of him it
may be justly said,
"A kind true h art   a spirit high,
That could not fear ard would not bow,
Is written in his manly eye
And on his manly brow "
Would he not have re«olved never to make any
explanation under such a threat?   Would he not
have required it to be withdrawn or explained be-
fore any answer whatever to Mr Fox's demand?
In this possibly he might have gone too far.   Our
Secretary,  however, has passed over this threat
without adverting to it m any manner whatever.
And now we come to the case immediately be-
fore the Senate Although I think the Secretary
of State decidedly wrong in his view of the law of
nations, that to me is comparatively a very small
matter I have not, in this thing, any personal or
private feeling to gratify. Towards the Secretary
of State I chen h no unkindly feeling', and I sin-
cerely hope that he may discharge the duties of
high and responsible station in sucha mannerasto
redound more and more to his own honor What
I complain of is this omission, and an omission, I
consider, of great consequence He has not, in
his reply, noticed that threat at all although it
was conveyed in such terms as would have entire-
ly justified him in siying "ihe American Govern-
ment has an answer to give until this, language has
been explam-d " He should at least have said,
"this is a menace such as it is not usual in the di-
plomatic correspondence between civiliz d and in-
dependent nations, and I shall be glad if you
will explain or reconsider the language emplojed "
F r myself, said Mr B I have no desire for war
wi h England «o far am I from desiring it, that I
woul 1 consent to sacrifice all bat ou* honor m order
to avoid it But I t'.nk Mr Webster to blame in
not noticing language which I c insider as contain-
ing a very distinct and intelligible threat But let
th it pass
Even if the Secretary were right in the view he
tares of the law of nations, still I tmnk that
common prudence would have die a cd to him not
to express his opinion so strongly It was then a
judicial question pendng and eventual!/ to be
dec ded, by the highest court in the Slate of New
York, a tribunal which, ot all hand*, and by Mr
Webster himself, is admitted-to be eminently enu
tied to confidence Suppose it should happen (as
it will happen, if m} humble jaagment of the law
should prove correct) that the Sioreme Court of
the Sia e of New York and ihe Secre <.ry of State
c t the United Sta'ea ^houl 1 diff r in opinion as to
the It gal question Suppose an appeal should
tht n be taken (if such an appealmay betaken)
to the Supreme Court of 'ne United Stales, snd it
hoi,ld thtre be decided, ps I feel grea' confidence
hat it should b*>, against the opinion of the Secre-
tary of Stale, what wou'd be heconluoi ofthib
Government?
Trie judicial au'honty will be on one side of tie
qiestion, ail the Executive Governmen on to 
other Wh kt the Jud ciar/ d cide that McLeod
is, responsible in th° enmin i ron sot New-York,
the Secretary decides that*he is not By prejudg-
ing this p ndng judicial qu ston, the Sen tary
has placed himself m an awkward d lemma,
shoud the Sur.r°nu Coi.it of Sew York detei mine
that the recognition and jus location by ne British
Government of the capiure of the Caroline does
not releise McLeod from personal responsibility.
In  common prudence, therefore, Mr.   Webster
ought to have expressed no decided opinion on this
delicate question, but left it to the Judiciary, as Mr.
Van Buren's administration had done
But the Secretary of State thought otherwise.
The imperious tone of Mr. Fox's letter does not
seem to have produced any effect on his mind.
Three short days after its date, on the 15th March,
1841, he issues his instructions to the Attorney Ge-
neral These instructions are the real, substantial
answer to Mr Fox's letter, and have proved en-
tirely satisfactory to the British Government, as
they could not have failed to do. The letter writ-
ten by Mr. Webster, on the 24th of the succeeding
April, will never disturb that Government. Long
before it was written, the Secretary had granted
thtm every thing which they could have desired
He at once, by these instructions, abandoned
the position so ably maintained by Mr. Van Bu-%
ren's administration, that McLeod would still be*
responsible, írdividually, notwithstanding the Bri-
tish Government might recognise the destruction of
the Caroline In condemning this position, he uses
terms almost as strong as Mr Fox had done in de-
nouncing it He says "that an individual forming
part of a public force, and acting under the autho-
rity of his Government, is not to be held answera-
ble as a privatt trespasser or malefactor, is a prin-
ciple of public law sanctioned by the usages of all
civilized nations, and which the Government of
the United States has no inclination to dispute."
As actions speak louder than words, what did
Mr Webster do with this threatening letter staring
him in the face12 With fiery expedition he has
his Attorney General on the way to Lockport, and
I cannrt hut think, from my pergonal knowledge
of that officer, that the mistión on which he was
employed cruld not have been very agreeable to
him He informs ihe British Government at once,
for we ought never to forget that he letter to Mr.
Crittenden is in «ubitance the Secretary'^ answer
to Mr Fox, that if it were in the President's pow-
ti to enter a nolle prosequi against McLeod, it
should be done witnout a moment's delay "If
tuis indictment " says he "were pending in one of
the Courts of the Unued States, I am directed to
say that the President, upon ihe receipt of Mr
Fox's last comm ¡nication, would hate uanediate-
ly direc ed a noííe prosequi to be entered." But as
thi-. was not in Mr Webster's power, the Gover-
nor of New York was in the next place to be as-
sailed, in order to accompli h tne same purpose
Mr Crittenden was informed that he wculd "be
furnished with a copy of this instruction, for the
use of the Execu ive of New York and the At-
torney General of that State" "Whether," says
the Secretary, m this case, "ihe Governor cf New
York hai e th i power, or, if he have, whether he
w< uld fe 1 it his duty t exercise it, ate points upon
which we are not informed "
But the Governor oi New York proved to be a
veiy restive subject He frit no inclination what-
ever to snter a nolle prosequi against McLeod I
have seen, somewhere, a correspondence between
that officer and t^e President, but I cannot now
find it The tone of this, correspondence on the
part of the Governor evinced a spirit of deter-
mined resistance to the suggestion of the Secretary
The Governor complnrntd that tht District Attor-
ney of the United States w¿s acting as th  coun el
of McLeod This, however, aei ordmg to the ex-
plan?tion of 'he President, happened by mere ac-
cident, tne At rney having been retained as coun-
sel some time b=fort h s appointment The corres-
ponde ice, at all events, is sufficient to show that
Govrrnor Seward did not participate in ihe views
and feelings ef the Secretan of Siate towards
McLeod, and we know that 1 e did not approve of
en enng a nolle prostata in h s ca-*e
Bat the Att rney Genfral of the United States
wis armed with m^true ions from the Secretary of
State, to meet every ortngency If McLeod
could no oe d epare^d b/ a nolle pi •¡¡am, if he
must be t iec\ i'ien Mr Cn'terden wa^ U consult
with McLfon'í couns.il, and furnish them the evi-
dence material 'o h s delenc-, and he was even "to
see trat he have skilf il and emnent counsel, if
such 0" no* already retained " It la no wonder
that «appeared very strange to Governor Seward
to find the authorities of tne United States thus, ac-
