June,- I84Í:
APENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
27th Cong-...>1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan,
Senate.
tively and ardently engaged in defending McLeod,
whilst the authorities of New York were enlisted
with equal vigor in his prosecution.
The defence of this man, who had no claim to
peculiar favor, except what arose from an earnest
desire to please and satisfy the British Govern-
ment, became the object of the Secretary's pecu-
liar solicitude, and this, too, in the face of a plain,
palpable menace from that Government.
The next thing we might hear would be a bill of
cost and counsel fees against this Government for
the defence of McLeod; it having been imposed as
a duty on our Attorney General to see that "he had
skilful and eminent counsel."
Now these are features in this transaction any
thing but creditable to our national character. I
think that sufficient decision and firmness have not
been displayed by the American Secretary of
S'a'.e. It will ever prove a miserable policy to
attempt to conciliate the British Government by
concession. It was the maxim of General Jackson
that, ¡a our foreign relations, we should ask only
what was righr, and submit to nothing that was
wrong; and, in my jttdgmen!, the observance of
that maxim is the very best mode of preserving
peace. When a nation submits to one aggression,
another will soon follow. It is with nations as it is
with individual". Manly and prompt íesistance
will secure you from a repetition of insult.
If you yield once, you will be expected to
yield again, and then again, till at length there
is no end to submission. 1 do not pretend
that Mr. Webster has done wrong intention-
ally; all I mean to say is, that, in my judgment, he
has not, in this instance, displayed a proper and
becoming Jlmeikan. spidt. If he had waited a Ut-
ile longer before he prepared his instructions to
the Attorney Genera!; it he had taken time for re-
flection before he despatched that officer crusading
to New York, m-.; conduct would probably have
been different. According to the practice of diplo-
macy, a copy oí ihese instructions was doubtless at
once sent to Mr. Fox. It is certain that they were
known to the British Government before the 6th ot
May, because on that day they were referred lo by
Lord John Russell on the floor of the House of
Commons as a document in possession of the Bri-
tish Cabinet.
I shall now offer a few remarks on the question
of public law involved in this case, and ihen cio^e
what I have to say. I sincerely believe the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren was perfectly cor-
rect on this doctrine, as laid down by Mr. Forsyth.
If I had found any authority to induce me to en-
tertain a doubt on that poinf, I would refer to it
most.freely. I now undertake to s?y that the only
circumstance which has produced confusion and
doubt m the minds of well-informed men on this
subject is, that they do not make the proper dis-
tinction between a stare of national war and na-
tional peace. !f a nation be at \.ar, the command
of the sovereign power to invade trie territory of us
enemy, and do ba'ile tbeie against any hostile
foice, always justifies the troops thus engaged.
When any of the invaders ,,re seized, they are
considered as prisoners of war, asd as having done
nothing but whai the iaws of war jusiiiied them in
doing. In such a cate thej can never be held'to
answer, criminally, in ihe emms of ihe invaded
country. That is clear. The invasion of an en«-
my's territory is one of the rights of war, and, in
all its necessary consequences, is justified by the
Jaws of war. But there are oñ'snccs commuted
even in open war, which the e-.pre s command of
the offender's soverei?ii will i.itshiild from exem-
plary punishment, f will give gentlemen an ex-
ample. A spy wiil be nuns, il caugnt, even though
he acted under the express command of his sove-
reign. We might cite the case of ihe umortunale
Major Andre. He was ;• i r^iej =■■: his warn from
an interview with Arnold, and, his life being in
danger, the British commander (Sir Henry Clmton,
I believe) made an effort to save bid), by taking
upon himself the responsibility of the act. But al-
though he had crossed our Unes whilst the two na-
tions were in a state of open and flagrant war, in
obedience to instructions from his commander-in-
chief, yet Washington, notwithstanding, rightfully
hung him as a spy.
Now, let me tell whoever shall answer me, (if,
indeed,any gentleman will condescend to notice what
I have said—for it seems we on this side of the Houes
are to do all the speaking, and they all the voting,)
that whilst all the modern authorities concur in de-
claring that the law of nations protects individuals
when obeying the'orders of their sovereign, during
a state of open and flagrant war, whether it has been
solemnly declared or not, and whether it be general
or partial, yet these authorities proceed no further.
But, to decide coirectly on the application of ihis
principle in the case before us, we must recollect
that .the two beliigerants here were England on the
one hand and her insurgent subject  on ihe other,
and that the United State  weic a neutral power, ia
perfect peace wan England. Bat what is the rule
m regard to nations at peace wiui each othei? This
is the question. As between such nations, does the
command of an inferior officer of the one, to indi-
viduals, to violate (he sovereignty of the other, and
commit murder and arson, if afterwards recognised
by the supreme authority, prevent the nation whose
laws have been outraged irjm punishing the of-
fenders? Under such circumstances, what is the
kw of lia'iorts? The doc'r'ne is laid down in Vat-
tel, an author admitted to be of the highest authori-
ty on questions of international law; and the very
question, totideai verbis, whu'h. arises in this case,
is in his book: Mated and. dectd'.d. He admits that the
lawful commands of a legitímate Government,
whether to its troops or othei citizen-', protects them
from individual re-.pouaibiniy for hostil;: yets done
in obedence to such commands, whilst in a slate
of open war. in such a ca-e, a prisoner of war is
never to be subjected to the criminal jurisdiction of
the country within which he has been arrested.
Bui what is tlia law of nations m tejard to crimi-
nal oiienees commit'ed by lb.' eit.ze.rs or subjects
ot one power, wuf-.in th- sove.i .¡liny and jurisdic-
tion tf ..noiher. they ben? at peace with each
oiher, even if these cn-r.inal acts LituuM be recog-
nised and justified by thw offender's sovereign?
This is the case of ihe capture a,id destruction of
the Caroline. The subject is tieated of by Vattel,
under the head " of the concern ;; nittion may have
intheaction, of her citizens," bonk ii, chap. G,
p«tge 161.    I 'hall read s-.i-'ions 73, 74, and 75:
''However, as i! is nnpOi-sihlo,'' tays 'lie euthor, ' for die 1'c.H
regulated Stafe, o, for the most vigilant anil absolute sovcioiiiti
tomodel at his ploasuie utllhe actions oí his suleects, and Lo
confine them on eveiy occasion 10 the mo&u-^act obedience, a
would be Uiiiirsc to impute to the nation or die sovereign every
iatiH committed by the citizens. We onidu no!, then, to say,
in neneiah dial we have received an iniüty irom a nalion, be-
cause we have leceived it Ir'.mone of n* inetnbeis.
"Iltlt. if a nation ol its ( \ici approve* and ratifies; the act of
the individual, it then becomes a. public t oncefo, and ihe in-
jured party ¡a thro tocoiiMiloi ihe natiun a;, do real author of
ihe injury, ol winch the citizen \.as perhaps Only the insiru-
ment
"If the oft>,HiPd Stan. ha¿ in ¡it ¡wu i r lhtJ individual who
has done inf. ¿''Jin?/, viie-mat/, without ¿-'/v/,../V, ti.ia^ him to
jniticc, and punish turn if he has escaped, and returned to
Ins own coumiv-, sne ouidu to apply to hts eoveielgn to have
j u aire done in the ca-x."
Can any i>i n<; in :Si? world bo clearer? The
author puis the care distinctly. The nation in-
ja-ed ous'nt not to jnipni.i to the sovereign of a
friendly nation me a.-is of us ,udiv dual Citizens;
bat if such friendly sovereign sd .11 ncognueihe
acts as his own, it then bc-rome-, a ¡lami.'a! con-
cern. But does such n rccos;!ii ion v/Rsb away the
guilt of the cflsnder, and ido^e him from the
punishment due to his oil'.-nee under the jurisdic?
tion of the country whose laws he has violated-
Let Vattel answer this question. He says: "-Jftke
vd'nided State has in iter poice* the individual who has
¿one the injury, ski may, witiivii* sl¡uple, hrhi¡x him
lojuntiiJ mú ■¡M.niJi him.'" ':.'ne:e is the tureC',
plain, aad palpable <iuih>i:ity. Ami here peruit me
to add icsit'l think I can piovx that, accuiding to
sound seaiou, tne principle is correct; ami th-u Me
question would now Le so decided by cur courts,
even ii ihe law ot nations had Deen sileiu on ihe
subject, This ¡.ot only is, but ought to be, the
principie ol public law,
Mr. Webster, in his letter to IVlr. Fox of the 24th
of April, tei.s the Bruish Mimskr that ihe line of
frontier which separates the United ©Taiís from her
Britannic Majesty's iS'c-nh American provinces,
'• is long enougu to umde th~; whoie of Europe into
halves.'*
This is true enough. Now, by admitting the
doctrine of Yattel to be incorrect and unfounded,
on what consequences are we forced? I beg Sena-
tors to consider this question. The line which s&.
parates us from the British possessions is a line
long enough to divide Europe into halves. Hea-
ven knows I have no desire to see a rebellion in.
Canada, or the Canadian provinces annexed to the
united States; but no event in-futurity is more cer-
tain than that those provinces are destined to" be
ultimately separated from the British empire. Let
a civil war come, and let every McNab who shall
then have any command in the British possessions
along this long line be permitted to send a military-
expedition into the territory of the united States,
whenever he shall believe or pretend that it will
aid in defending the royal authority against these
who are resisting it, and war between Great Bri-
tain and the United States becomes inevitable. A
British subject marauding undei the orders of -his
superior officer on this side of the line is seized in
the very act. Well, what is to be done? I «ap-
pose we aie to wait until we can ascertain whether
his Governmer^ chooses to recognise his hostile or
criminal act, before we can inflict upon him the
punishment which he deserves for violating our laws.
If it should recognize his act, the jail door is imme-
diately to be thrown open ; Ihe offender, it may be
murderer, takes his flight to Canada, and we the
must iettle the question with the British Govern^
merit. Such is the doctrine advanced by the Bri-
tish .Government and our own Secretary of State.
This principle would, as I say, lead us inevita-
bly into war with that power. What can be done
in a state ot war? In that case, the laws of war
provide that persons invading our territory who are
captured, shall be consuteted and treated .as pri-
soners of war. But while the two countries con-
tinue at peace, a man taken m the flagrant act of
invasion and violence cannot be made a prisoner
of war. McLeod, however, is not to be treated on
this principe, and punished under our laws if be
be guilty, lest we should offend the majesty of
England. The laws of New York are to be nulli-
fied, and the murderer is to run at large.
But if the principle laid down by Vattel be sound
and true, all difficulty at once vanishes. If such
an offender be caught in thi perpetration of a cri-
minal act, he is then punished for hiscrime. Let him
be tried for it at least, and then, if there are any
mitigating circumstances in his ca?e, for the sake of
good neighborhood let him escupe. There will
then be no danger of war from tnis cause. Let me
suppose a case. Suppose Colonel Allen McNab
should take it into his head that there exists in the
United States a conspiracy against the British Go-
vernment, and should believe that he could unra-
vel the whole plot by seizing on the United States
mail in its passage from New Ywk to Buffalo.
He places himself at the head of a party, comes
over the line, and seizes and robs the mail; but in
the act he is overpowured and arrested, and he is
indicted betoie a criminal court of the United
Siatts. Will it be maintained, ¡t the British
Government should say, we recognise the act o
McNab in robbing your mail as we have already
recognised that of his burning your steamboat
and killing your citizens, that Mr. Webster wonld
be justified in. directing a mile prosequi to be entered
m bis favor, and thus suffer him to go free?
1 tto not say that the British Government would
act m this manner: but I put the case as a fair il-
lustration ot the argument. There was one case in
which something very like this might have hap-
pened, and it was even thought ptooable that it
wuuld happen. It was reported that an expedition
h<4d been planned to seize the person ot McLeod,
and to carry Lira ofl" to Canada; arid I believe that
a very distinguished and gaiknt general in the
United States servic, (Gen. Scoti)—an officer for
whom, in common with his fellow-cilizens, I che-
rish the highest respect and regard—went, in com-
pany wiih the Attorney General, to Lockport; and
it was conjectured that he had received orders to
hold McLeod and defend the Lockport yM against
any ineursion of Sir Allan ¡VicNtb or any other
person.
Suppose now (hat such an expedition had been
set on foot, that it h&d succeeded, and that McLeod
had been seized and carried off m tnumph, the
two nations being still in profound  peace.   The
