lg_______________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________         June, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sbss.                      Jiepeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.__________________________Senate.
rescue of a" prisoner is a high criminal offence.
What would have been done wilh McNab if he
had voluntarily come within oar jurisdiction and
been arrested? If he could be indieied and tried
and punished before the British Government should
have time to recognise his act, very well. But if
not, then, at the moment of such recognition, he
would be no longer responsible, and must forthwith
be set free. The principle of Vane!, rightly under-
stood, absolutely secures the territorial sovere gnty
of nations intime of peace by permuting them to
punish all invasions of it ia their own criminal
courts, and his doctrine is eminently calculated to -
preserve peace among all nations. War has its
own laws, wh ch are never to be extended to the
intercourse between nations at peaee.
The principle assumed in Mr. Fox's letter is well
calculated for the benefit of powerful nations
against their weaker neighbors. (But in say-
ing this I do not mean to admit that we are a
weak nation in comparison with England. We
do not, indeed, wish to go to wai with her, yet I
am confident in the belief that whatever we might
suffer during the early period of such a con'est
would be atpply compensated by our success be-
fore we reached the end of it.) Bat let me present
an example.
Let us suppose that the empire of Russia has
by her fide a coterminous nation, which is compa-
ratively weak. A Russian Colme!, during a sea-
son of profound peace, pastes over ihe boundary,
and commits some criminal act against the citizens
of the weaker nation. They succeed, however, in
seizing his person, and are about to punish him
according to the provisions of their own laws. But
immediaiely the Russian double-headed black
eagle makes its appearance; a Russian ofiicer says
to the authorities of the weaker nation, stop; take
off your hands; you shall not vindicate your laws
and sovereignty. We assume this man's crime as
a national act. Whit is the consequence? The
rule for which Britain contends will in this case
compel the injured nation, though the weaker, to
declare war in the first instance against her stronger
neighbor. But she will not do it; she will not be-
come the actor, from the consciousness of her
weakness and the instinct of self-preservation.
This principle, if established, will enable the
strong to insult the weak with impunity. But
tajie the principle as laid down by "Vattel. The
weaker nation defends the majesty of her own
la s by punishing the Russian subject who had
violated them; and, it' war is to ensue, Russia must
assume the responsibility of dro.larmg it, in the
face of the world, and in an unjust canse, against
the nation whom she has injured, it ¡s said thru
one great purpose of the hws of nations is to pro-
tect the weak against the strong, and never was
this tendency more happily illustrated than by
this very principle of V-iit 1 for which Í am con-
tending.
1 therefore belitve that the Secretary of State
was as far wrong m his view of international ¡aw
as in his haste to appea-e the British Government,
in the face of a direct throat, by his instructions to
Mr. Crittenden. The c immumcation of these in-
structions to that Government, we know, had the
desired effeet. Trey wait out immediately to
England, and no somier were they known on tliat
side of the water, than m a moment all was calm
and tranquil. The storm, portending war, passed
away, and tranquil peace otee mure returned and
smiled over the scene. Sir, the British Govern-
ment must have been hard-hearted indeed, if a pe-
rusal of those instructions did not soften them, and
afford them the most ample sa isfacion. This
amiable temper will never even be ruffled in the
slightest degree by the perusal of Mr, Webster's
letter 10 Mr. Fox, written six weeirs afterwards.
The matter had all been virtualy ended before its date.
In the views I have now expressed I may be
wrong; but, as an American Senator, without any
feeling otFrny part but such as I think every Ame-
rican Senator ought to cherish, I am constrained to
say that I cannot approve of the course pursued
by the Secretary of State in this matter; while, at
the same time, I hope and trust that no other occa-
sion may arise,lo demand from me a similar criti-
cism on the official conduct of that gentleman
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, Wednesday, June 9,1841.—The bill to re-
peal the Independent Treasury having been taken
up, the question being on its passage,
Mr. WOODBURY said: It was my misfortune,
sir, to be in a minority on the committee which re-
ported this bill. I have heard nothing since to
weaken my objections to the repeal of what is called
the Sub-Treasury, but some things to strengthen
them greatly. The die, however, is cast; the Sub-
Treasury must, I presume, be abolished. But I
fell it due to my opinions, expressed in the com-
mittee, as well as to friends, and the importance of
the question to the while country, that the reasons
for my opposition to ihis hasty and extraordinary
change in a great system for managing the finances
for the Government, for the whole Union, should be
publicly givtn. I am aware of the imra'ience fe't
by the majority for a decision, and shall, there-
fore, use all possible brevity.
It is difficult to comprehend the causes of so
much haste in acting on the present subject. Why
repeal what exists till some plan is presentí d instead
of ii? Let us have what you consider the
bane and antidote before us at once. But, on
the contrary, we are in this case asked to de-
stroy an existing sys-cm, ia full and suc-
essful operation, and which would continue to
be so, if fairly administered, without expressly pre-
senting any substitute whatever. We pull down
our present house,'to use the simile of ihe Senator
who originated this measure, without a new one
elsewhere to reside in, or even a shantee. No, sir,
not even a log cabin for shelter till another house is
buiH. We thus depart, alio, from legislativo usage
in all like cases. The act of June, 1836, in regu-
lating the State bank system, did not repeal the for-
mer one till the new regulations could be provided
and duly executed So th« Sub-Treasury act did
not repeal the State bank system till the Sub-Trea-
sury had time to be carried in'o full force. He
challenged gentlemen to cite a precedent for any
such rashness as the present. Even in 1816 ihe
public funds were not forbidden to be kept as be-
fore, till the United States Bank was chartered and
in full operation. We create, then, a sort of dicta-
torship as to the finances in the President or Secre-
tary of the Treasury, till some new system is here-
after established by law. We leave the sacred
funds of the public, in a period of profound peace,
and with no emergency, no urgent necessity im-
pending, to the arbitrary will or caprice of mere
Executive discretion.
There is no e'eape from the conclusion as to
the lawless expediency which wi'l then reign,
unless, by mere construction, some other sy-
tem is revived by thi.i repta!. The repeal would
bf on itv face uncertain, vague, locse. It cubloi.se
fro'o 'he old moiiiing>, and puts to sea with the
whole public revenue, without rudder or compass,
out it is said that much can be íemedied by impli-
cation, by construction, by ditcie'ion. Then m
abolishing the Sub-Treasury, we abolish what is a
system, well considered, and in full foice, and
we do this for one to exist by implication, and that
mav-mean any thing or nothing, to suit those who
administer it—one temporary, not certain in its
character, gone into disuse, obsolete, impractica-
ble, and which, if no belter is devised immediaiely,
may be fas'ened upm us for yeirs as the law of
the ¡and. I know that repealing a repealing sta-
tute, according to an old technical principle, well
settled in Blaekstono, Bacon, and Coke, revives in
force the act existirg before the first repeal We
shall have, then, apparently, the act of Januaiy,
1836; and bad and impracticable in many respects •-•s
that act is admitted by many of them to be, they
would justify their courre in reviving it, by the
apology, that a setter system can and will soon
be substituted for it.
But are thsre not more enemies to the Sub-
Treasury, than friends to any particular successor?
Can all who vote against the former, unite in fa-
vor of a Bank like the last United States Bank? Or
will all take a fiscal agent, not a Bank, and which
so many of them have heretofore denounced?
Again: will all unite in any improvement of the act
of 1836?   Wc know to the contrary; and thus, with
the best intentions soon to have some different sys-
tem, except what will spring up constructively after
a simple repeal of the Sub-Treasury, the country
may never get one. Look at (he experience
en these hopes and good intentions in this very Se-
nate. Last March we were in such haste to get a
Public Printer acceptable to the majerity, that
it was deemed necessary, so as to organize,
to remove Messrs. Blair and Rives, though
fairly chosen, and regular contractors under
bond, without their asuent, and without a
hearing or trial. Yet we are now in the se-
cond week of another session, and no successors to
them have been chosen, or attempted to be chosen.
Did gentlemen at that time dream of such extraor-
dinary delay? The improved officers, the reform
and new organization which was so indispensable
then as not to be delayed scarce a day, strangely
remains yet unaccomplished. Gentlemen may find
troubles, and family schisms and procrastination
as to the rew fiscal agent they intend soon
to create, which may lead to even longer de-
lay than has occurred in the appointment of new
printers.
Ia the mean time this body and the Union may
be subjected to the discretion of the President of
the United States and the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in keeping and disbursing the public money, and
which the t-'enate has been subjected to in i*s chief
officers since last March, in respect fo its public
printing. We have been too oi ¡en of late 3 ears
forced into this condition of mere construction.
"Who has done our printing since, and at what
price? and by whose direct-on, and under whit law?
Nobody, nobody, sir, except under the arbitrary
will of o t President pro tern, and our Secretary.
Exercised that will may hace been discreeily, and
doubtless with'good intention; but under what law,
what Constitution, or what printed rule? Are we
then to be governed by star chamber commissions or
State circulars? Gentlemen felt much more jealous
and sensitive on these subjects of unlimited discre-
tion in 1836, it seems, than now; and the union of
the purse and sword, which was then the burden
of daily denunciation—tbat very union they are,
by this precipitate repeal, as I shall endeavor soon
to demonstrate, they are forewarned, and deliberate-
ly, voting to produce. Yes; to produce it for a time,
they cannot but admit; and for months, if not years,
all will concede is possible, if not probable. To
accomplish this union, what is proposed to be pre-
viously done?
Independent of the unprecedented manner,
whit is the sub iance of our action to be on
this occasion? What kind of a system do we
abolish—and why? And what kind of a system do
we virtually suosiitule for n? E?en for a day,
or an hour, as the gen'leman from Vir-
•gm<a said yesterday, we should not uselessly leave
Ihe public funds to discretion, is it for the mere
whim of change—change—change—and change
also for the worse, thu we must pass the repeal,
and the repeal of a great measure affecting mil-
lions of people, and millions on millions of the pub-
lic treasure?
What are ihe reasons, then, for action upon it?
Why, forsooth, the mover of the measure says no rea-
son need bt given. It is a case a ready decided. The
people have returned a verdict against ti,e Sub-
Treasury, and we have come here merely to enter
up judgment against the Sub-Treasury system
and its friends.
If this be our position in fact, I hope wp shall
have the benefit of that gentleman's expeiier.ee,
as well as sympathy, since ia 18¿'S, cu the same
theory of reasoning, the p;op"!e returned a verdict
against a former Adraimsiwion, of whuh he was
a" distinguished member. Bat vnilhe aumii now,
or did he then admit, that the election setthd all
the points in discussion before trie paoplf, and that
a verdict was returned against htoi a..d mem on all
these points? Fd.r from it. We were sent here to
examine, to reason, and to decide ourselves on rea-
sons and facts, and not on fancied verdicts.
We came heie to do a great public act ou
behalf of seventeen millions of people and
twenty-six States of this Union. Ought they
to do this without duly considering what was
the duty required of them?   And what must be the
