June, 1841.
27th Cong. .. 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
Repeal oj Independent Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
effect ot their act, whether that effect were tempo-
rary or permanent Without this, they could not
act discreetly m abolishing an ímponaaí existing
system. Mr. W.  ouid readily admit, as some
gentlemen had sugges. ed, that there had been much
talk against the Sub Treasury, and some arguments
during the Presidential casvass. Ithad been great-
ly abused and giossly misrepresented, but he was
not prepared to admit that there had teen any ver-
dict ot ¡hepeopie agunstit Was tre repeal or
the continuance or tub Uvr the only issue made
oefoie the people at the late elec ion? Was tne
re-ult of that election a verd ct o i that i sue alone,
ana not on others.' Tne Senator from Kentucky
had, to be & ire, slid that tiny came a re for
judgment—tocatry into execution the verd ct ot
the American peop'e, bat he wou'd ask that Sena-
tor dü¿ a whe h" ,' e íesuii of tha« c lee ion was to
be held as<i e'e lsion bj the people on a 1 the qucs-
t ens win^h iaj been dscuss^d before them? If
so, how did v happen that they were sitt ng here
in taio sp'endul hali, 1 gated by the magnificent and
cosily candelabra pid other splendid decorations
coif tufu'o them? Had it not been deeded that
then, snould be no ex ravasances of this kind, wu i
all its unavoidable expenditure1* That gentlemen
rnii^t not eat oat of gold spoons, bui must use horn' 
That the President must live in a log cabin, and
not ib a palace? rid > ct a pony, and not in a coacn?
That they must net indulge themselves in tneluxu-
ly of cnampdgne, uir m ¡,t dr nk only hard cider?
Did not the verdict of ihe people cover all thai? It
was °asy for gtntlemen to talk about issues, being
dec ded by elections, but be asked, what had been
the is ue m 1828, and what had been the verdict
given then?
Ti.e Son&toi had had some experience in such mat-
ters, then, as before sugges ed D,d he bel eve that
tne people had pibs d a verdict on a'l toe ques-
ttoi s wh ch had oetn mooted ilurina mat elec-
Uoi? No; noi dd Mr. W They had dif-
ferent questions aigaed then, they had the ques-
tion about &oda water lurmaaed at pub ic expense,
about billiard tables paid tor out of the public
money, ana other grave issues of a very different and
high caaraeter as to Panama missions, aad certain
Presidential coalitions. D,d the Senator hold
that the p>opie had delivered their verdict on all
the-e po.nts? Why cut out the Sub-Treasu-
ury from ail the other tuojeets agitated at the
late election, (hen, and say that theverdia of the
people had been given oa taat issue Bat some of
the gentlemen held t ie docirme that they were not
bound evsn by exprcas wu'teii instructions from
their own codstuuenis. Much le s, ihen, wp'e
they bound by a verdict giv-n on five hundred
issues, given at cross-roads, given at grog-shops,
aad on the huntings. There w?s nothirg in this
ar^umviit L answeitd very well to wik about
fen political efieot, but the people decided no is
sues bat such as tney put on record. Tne issue
they decided was, that they elected this man as
th-ji Chief Magistrate, and net that tn?n That
was an issue by w'n h all weie bjund, and which
all mus1 respec' But th„ evidence went no furtier
For tint leason it v as that he addre^ed argu-
ments to gentlemen, and entreated tnem not to
tnrow the nselies on imaginary or unc-rtsun ver
die's He asueo. them wh.it th v were abolishing?
What were th ir iea«ons for abo ishing it, aad
what í era the fac s ot tv e ease?
Yuu prop e ti aniui a -y tea wh ch
fact*, sustain ?nd stund piiiiciples ju ti*},
how  ver muoi it his been a saued fr m
Mame to Lonsuna, by the ^r^ss misieore-
sen atoas an i wanton Loes—<• n atares, coarse
and ooicene to^gs—vua\i sceeeh^s and bg ca-
b n caroasals—all euist'l against it. But
n t ¡ese coder moments of jiuli1 c*1 strife, all
lüu s admit tnit th? Suo-Treasury, ihojgh ret
so fis.no able in its appearance as tie naible
pai.ces ol some bark , is a plain, h< ii  , s rait
iorvsa'd system To tbeaamners of themproved,
refined, polished, boasted credit sy tern of recent
times, ths Sub-Treasury may not seem to deal «o
flippantly m mi'lumson pap r, but what it has i.
its ovva. It do3s no* strut m borrowed plumes, nor
does it cast off its coming if a little old fashioned,
or indeed homespun, for the dandy robes and es-
senced equipments of Us rival—the lovers ot the
improved modein n.odes of growing ncn without
capital—and on the mdustry of others
In its documents and transactions, it may not
use all the classical engravings of the Pennsjlva-
nta United State, Bank or the Galhpohs Bank,
bat it has a'ways ¡edeemej its  promises a little
more promptly, and indulged a little less m tuitu-
thonzed cotton specu'at oils or gambling purchases
of s'ock1, whether in railroads, canals, or litho-
graphic cit es, and whether on the lakes, ,he Atlan-
tic, or the Miss ssippi, or, passing the boundaries of
the Union, dabo'mg in Texan scrip,  or M xicsn
bonds     It may be  somewhat antiqued.    I   the
S b ilea ury be not a new inven m, like seme of
the mo ' rn banking,  in approved modern style, it
has   the  superior   merit   o    being   ju tiled   by
c msiderable experience in t"e worl 1     It  -vas n
existence here long iu   the General  Government,
and in most of the  States,  with  county and town
trea ure s, as v e'l as  with more unooitant ones,
and has, substansiiallv, for cen unes, been in fo'ce
in mo t of the civilized, safe and flourishing Go
vinmems of Europe.    It is merely a si stem .¡o
fee/>, as  the act of 1789  simply  provides to kce¡>
ihe public money, and not to lend it.    To keep i
safely till wanted, and not loosely to be scmandeiei
in speeuUt'ons, and to keep it in  sp^e. o,  or its
equivalent, 'o as to have something on hand useful,
re'iable, and honest, for the piyme it  of debt , in
s ead of being le t in 'he mare rags  or tog     Tn s
is the true substance ot thi* abused sys'em     fleet,
it is asys em compleie m all its parts, and e'e^r in
it   provisions—well argued—well matured—well
guarded—rather than the piebald, uncertain, de-
n unced and arbitrary svstem, which must, in the
pr sent condition of the bankirg institutions, vir-
tually sure "d o it by this unqualified r<p al
Purth"-! noie, it is a system, above all o her ,
enn e it i¡ cois uuhinal It is partly d veiopid m
tnat holy instrument í.íeif, and it w^s one of the
first offspring of ¡egis'ation undei it—impeifect
and 1 mited then, I admi1, but yet essentially the
same as now, except more carefully and explicitly
regulated now, and suited to our increased territo-
ry, numbers, and wealth.
In the next place the Sub Treasury is a system
independent. This has justly been us title, and one
of Us boasts It neittier creeps nor cringes to cor-
porations or bank dtrec ors for aid, but hiswithm
itself officers sates, vauUs, and powers, rendering
i, like the Gjneral Governine it as to Slates, seh-
mivin?, self acting, s lf-el3oiert, and toua ink-
pet den'.
Iti , abo, a sy5tern that can be enfo c l It ha?
provea prac icable, noicvith anding ah prophecies
to th" contrary, and will continue to prove so, it
propeily administered, and if sucn amendments are
made m details, not affecting its vital principles, as
exoenencc m'sy require, ¡'strut's thus have been
s< luta'y, it' officers are amenab e to us, &nd not to
the ba-iks or the £>iate«, and their operations are re-
fulat dbyus, anl not by other , over whom we
have no control
K is a system economical I s whole expenses
yeailv, after us operations be„an, will be «caxe
half wnat the new Secretary of "he Tiea.ury pro-
poses inoirecily to g>ve a B? i,{ of h¿ Uiited
S ifs, hj borrowing four millions on icie.e t, to be
u'el as a surplus in the Treasury, and of cour>e
to be depo ue 1 in his n^w National Emit to be
used there without compensation for loans and ac-
commodations.
It is like .vise a safe system. Wha'ever M-
Ewiu¿: may say as t> loss s m cjnn ction
wuh it, he take special care in his a nount oi
losses, to go o-tck twelve years lis'ead of one jear
since tn s sy tern begun. He thuo sp „k of i "s s
by m'Uioas vvithin twelve years, ail wmch ir>u t
have be a nni"t the Uni ed St tes Ba ik sj iem
and State B^nk system Bathe does not sp „,fy
the io-s of a dollar undei th s system a'one,
[Mr Ci Ay, speaking across, said the accounts
ha/e not been jet sealed ]
¡VIr Woodbury rephed. No los"«s hayc jet
been nade known, and if any existed, or
were believed to exi t, the powers that be
woud not be slow m publishing ihem. The
new   Secretary dwelU  also   on   its   exposure to
robbenesjwhen not one-has ever taken place; while
wiin n the period of its existence, banks withont
number have been robbed in all possible ways and
to almost all possible amounts. It has been almost
a universal wreck in some State . Just on the eve
of our arrival here, and in an adjoining county 
one seems to have been tobbed of more than *he
amount of its whole capital. Neither the President,
nor Secretary, nor the keeper of the money, could
tou h a dollar of it, extent as the law directs, with-
out a robbery and condign pun'shmsnt. The coun-
try has been made to believe wongfully, that any
of these officers could lake th« money at pleasure,
and thus had entire control over the purse.
Nor could the President, Secretary,  or others,
U an a dollar of the public money under the Sub-
Tie isury, wuhout danger of fine ane?   imprison-*
men—without inaeed,  being burglars of thieves
—jnd ihe ¡ enxtenLary reclaiming its fugitives-    This.
was tie t a  yst m where the  lunds can be ap^hfidi
to mam'a n p 11 cal favorites—or to buy up pCil'
tical 11     «t —or to circulate political speeches ant?
pimp ue  — ir to r e c unse1—or to give salaries of
§100 (FJ  to -mule offa-ers    But under the Bank
sy<tpm, its omce s ce a'd and have taken millions
on m II ons uitnout authority or punishment—and
Jnened or speculated with  it to the four quarters
of tne globe    Our ears have b en almost stunned
wnh the crash of banks around us in every quar-
it"    Scarce a wave fljats oy us that does not bear
flagmen^ ot ruin,   indeed, this very bill of le-
p al   contains   a   high   and   deserved   compit-
ió nt to the safety ot the Sub-Treasury system,
however much questioned by Mr. Ewiog, foritie-
enacts ore of its prominent and much abused pfo-
vis ons to punish defaults and embezzlements.
Again, tow much safti is us currency? What
would have been the credit of the General Govern-
mert the last lour jears, with United States Bank
notes on hand for public payments, Red Dog notes,
Brandon Bmk bills—and all the shinplaster lifter?
It would have been as low as that of many of the 
spendthrifts, speculators, and partisan vagabonds,
who have assailed it, instead of being as high a*
any Government in the civilized world. What
would have been the losses alio m its receipt 
and expenditures with such depreciated trash?
In 1816, by taking such paper, the loss
wai computed by Mr. Gallatin, to the Govern 
mont al >. e, at near four millions, and by a com-
mittee ot tne House of Representatives in 1832, if
was computed at the appalling amount of thirty-
four millions.
Another of its excellences i«, its comparative
freedom from Execuhie influence The distortions
of party have, however, charged and blackened it
all over the country with being the reverse in this
respect—with what truth and justice, let an impar-
tial examination of the act demonstrate. Not an
offtor of importance can be appointed under it,
witbou' the control and appioval ot the Senate.
But under the o^her system, the Bank that held
the money was ..elected by the Secretary of the
Treasury alone, or by the President atone, with'
out any interference of the Senate. They wer*
changed at pleasure, too, by them, and it 
office's, by the Bank directors or Bank stockhold-
ers. On the contrary, the officers of the Treasury
could not be change4 without the sanct on of the
Sei.aie Yet the partisan cry has been the Sub-
Trea«i.r)' increased Executive influence! Unfound-
ed.  L las diminished such influence in every way.
If the efficers can be removed now, mthoni
cause—md suca things seem possible, by the sud-
den rew ,ppomtmeat;>, since toe 4th ot March, of
R reivers Gen-ral at Boston, New York, and
Charleston—so the bants cou1-1 have been iefore
fhissys m, or at lea*t then officers could have
been, an 1 by stockholder;,, politicians out of office,
as well as by the Presilent? Whether rea on3 are
jet to begivea, remains yet to be seen. If they
are, or if the Señale doe* its duty, U will \>" known
whether Executive influence is not checked or re-
strained, ins ead of being increased. Nobody had
been disphced before for these receiver , and no
charges whatever ha^'e b en published against
their irreproachable characters.
But more of this power and practice of rtmov !
on some future occasion, «hen we Will see bmr
