«2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841
27th ConG""lsy Sess,
Repeal of Independent Treamry—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
narrowest limits of time consistent with a fair dis-
charge of the duly which impels me to ask to te
heard at all.
It is impossible to discuss the question presented
in the manner in which I propose to discuss it,
without direct reference to some substitute to be
adopted, as a system of finance for the Govern-
ment, in the place of the Independent Treasury
system, now to be repealed. After what has taken
place in the course ot the action of the Senate as in
committee of tbe who'e upon this bill, I feel au-
thorized to assume that that substitute, "f any be
adopted, will be a Bark of the United States of
some character. Such is. the frpnitly avowed opi-
nion and wish of the honorabh Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] and the votes ot the Senate
upon propositions to modify the State bank depo-
site law of 1836, so as to make it again of pract cal
force, seem to indicate that such is the preference
of a majority of the body. I shall, therefore, as-
same that the Independent Treasury law is to be
repealed te gne place to a National Bank, and
shall base my argument upon that assumption As
to the peculiar powers and privileges to be confer-
red upon the Bank to be created, or the p'ace of its
location, I cate nothing, if it be conceded that two
provisions will be incorporated in the chatter,
neither of which, as I suppose, will be surrendered
by the content of any member of tbe Senate who
intends to vote for a Bank at all. The provisions
to which I allude are, first, the right and duty on
the part of the Bank of collecting, keeping,
and disbursiHg the public money; and, second,
the mabiDg the notes of the Batik a legal tender in
all payments to the public Treasury. The first oí
these provisions is g dispensable to constitute the
Bank the fiscal agent of the Treasury, the ostensi-
ble purpose for which it is to be eharteree, and the
second is the only effectual mode in which the cre-
dit of the country can be -o blended with tbe cre-
dit of the Bank as to draw around it the requ site
degree of public confidence to enable it to control
all the local banking institutions. I will fuither
assume, therefore, as a fact universally admitted
by the friends of any form of a bank, that these
two privileges will be conferred upon it, and if it
possess them, it is a matter wholly immaterial to
the argument I propose to offer, what other attri-
butes may be given to the institution.
In the course of the debate, when the bill was
in Committee of tbe Whole House, some reasons
■were assigned for this speedy parage of it, pnd I
propose, in the first place, to examine onecr two
of them, that we may see whether ibey h ive in tact
the force which those who offered them seemed *o
suppose.
The honorable Seraior from Kentucky [Mr
Clay] opened his aigument with a metaphor, to
illustrate the necessity of the passage of lfus b.l1,
as the first step in t! e impcr'att proceee ings ot this
important speeial seas on oí Congress,. Fe toil «b,
in substance, that ihe wi-e archueo' ?lv a¡ s pi 'le-"
dswn the old bunding, and clea'cd ausj ¡re mo-
bish, to make roam ¡or the oc edwe, s' 1 K\>, i
like manner, the Pénate ci>.. i it1 an.i hílate aii ex-
isting fiscal agerci = i ¡cr-1 n«*r co, ant-ncee' to
lay the founda i' ns e f bis pri.pt sed new and more
splendid agencj, a Link of the Urn etl Pa  I
admit that this course is sometimes not onty wise
but necessary in archi ecture, but I ap¡ e<il to ihe
candor of the honorable Senator him-elf to say
whether it is of universal app'.catior. 8 ippc-e
he should see the head of a fam ly m thiscity tarn
his family out upon the pavement, ard vigorou Ij
commence to tear down the rransion which ?as
their only sheber frrm the weather and tic storm,
and, upon inquiry, that head of thm frm ly should
tell htm that the timber for his prophet1 n->w bouse
•was still growing in the forest, that ibe bricks which
were to form its wall* «ere >et rn t ng m the bank
of earth out of which they m ght be formed, and
that the pecuniary means for tl e errc'i' n cf the
new edifice were yet to be cantd by industry,
accumulated by some untried emerpiiw, or ob-
tained by a loan upon cr^Oi, vo-'d he censide-
that man a provident father and busbar d, or be-
lieve that he was following the directions oí a wise
architect? If this destructive operator should tell
{he honorable Senator that there were differences
of opinion between himself and the members of
his family, and between the mdiv dua's who com-
posed the family, m relation to the expediency of
building a new, and more especially in relation to
the size and plan and description of the new build-
ing which they should ereet, and that he had found
it necessary to demo'ish the old house, ^and tarn
them out to the wea her, without shelter from the
heat or protection from the cold, to fo ce them to
unite wi'h him in the erection of his procesad new
edifice, the reasons of the man, for his apparently
rash course, woi'ld be palpabie, and "till the Sena-
tor would be compelled to «ay that his appeal was
to vio'ent arguments to force harmony in his fam<-
ly, and would be forced to admit that hi= coarse
savored more of resolut on than of wisdom, fair-
ness, or justice. Suppose further, the members
ot the family should tell the honorable Sengtjr 'hat
the new house was not, in any event, to occupy the
site of e ola that the near site was not jet either
secured or selected, and that tbe only point deter-
mined about n was that it should be upon a diffe-
rent lot, a different street, and in an entirely dif-
ferent quarter of the town from the o'd. This
would show the ab ence of all necessity for ihe
demolition oí the old buildirte, and would not cer-
tainly relieve the act of the head of the fami'y in
tearing it down, and turning his family houseless
into the public streets, ironi the character i f ra=h-
ne s which it fir-t assumed.
I will apf ly the Senator's metaphor, thus illus-
trated, to th° casa before the 8 nate. H * insists
upen a speedy reieal of the Indedendent Treasury
law, to give1 place, a  he tsys, to a National %ai k,
when he does not knew, ard no man yet knows,
that a National Bank can be passrd by Corgress,
when he does not know, and no man jet knows,
m ca-e a majority of the members of each House
of Congre s «hull be ab'e to agiee open a ch-irter,
that it will be su ,h an one as can receive ihe ap-
probation of the Executive. He dies know, how-
ever, and we all know, that there are differences of
opinion between members of the S-nator'o own
political party, not only as to the description of
Bank to be lrcorpomted, the extent of the powers
and privilegfs to be conferred upon it, and the lo-
cation to be given to it, but upon the question
whether a Nat cnal Bank shall be chartered at all,
or some other fiscal agent for the public treasury
shall be constituted.
Decs he not further know that the Bank or other
fiscal ¡tge-nt proposed to bp conoti «ted by his party,
what ver may be its fenrn, and by wha e.er name
it may be calied, is not to o c jpy at all the site ' f
the oh bu''dirg, the Indtpendent Treasui}'2 Cer-
tain Iv he must know this The Inoependent Trea-
sury is etec ed upon solid cu stituüonaj grtsund
Itsiouiu un walls ire laid stroig and deep in
tbrt " vd " I 1 ibisa point bejona doubt or
qu t oí, «ni Í do not«uppose ¿ny single individual
who") I i 're s, ever h s held, or pretends now ¡o
h ilu a toubt as to the strict and exprc-s const tu-
tiora j of «h Irdepen'ent Trea«u y íjsem asa
ti caí ,p noy for the Treasury JNot so with the
hoi caS e Senator'-, i ropo ett Naticn 1 Bank. I
can only be reared i^on the mars! es of the cor-
s ítuticnal hnd, it mdted it can ociipj so trema
Ions add mntrble a founda ícn w thai the boun-
dar es of <nai cen ecrated terntey. Its con i.tu-
tioi,ai'y is ¡no-e than qaevionab'r, to u5e no
s ro'iscr e\prf>«iir, and u  M'e crnnot ?p,ro"ch
th?' icen Died by h= reasaty cf h? Coi uti'icn
títlf "Wle.ce, <•>!, ihf «i'C smij Ioí r,7 n,'
tlis o i i-e1 pt i ,ii d hsmHy buildii g w ,b sUCl¡
hot rv í , i a jm; a n<-w edifice is to be aUemrJted
indtt t t-r c¡ ?r et1 Thentwelí" e, I doabt no!,
if eitt ted, v> 1 be more sptend d in its a chiíei ture,
moie g.teriP7 and showy m its appearance, but
the fid hous  .•■ net in th> w?j, and n ed not be
df-moi shed to matse aom for the tnarb'e p?lace
which ¡v to ^u^c ed it. Will n"t ?ei lemrn cor-
sent to let this plain and homily building remain,
useless thcugh it may bf, ard un enanted a^ it
si,rely will b„, if a splendid Bank is to beeome t'ae
Ueasiry of the people? Wi'l they a't in this in
staree foil' w ihe worthy ex-imp'e cf many of the
b,>rdy yeon.amy oí our country, who, when in-
dustry, frugality and prosperity have enabled lbem
to do so, erect new dwellings, enlarged and beauti-
fied, but suffer the old log cabin to remain, a me-
mento of humbler ctrcumsiarces, though perhaps
not of less happy days or he nest dealings? Let
the sanie course be pursued as to this Independent
Treasury law, this old building about to be hastily
demolished. It cad do no ha^m, and will be a
memorial of a period wh?n the currency of the
Constitution was the currency of the law, wben
money, and not credit, was col'ec ed into the public
treasury, and paid out to the citizens who labored
in the public service; when reality and intrinsic
value, aid no* paper promises and confie'ence,
were the standard of valus lor all oar property.
This old buiHwg miy indeed be offensive to the
eyes of some < f t! e occupants of the proposed
nevf edifice, bv surely we shall not, m that cir-
cumstance, find a rece^ty for teanng s'do7/n
and obliterating its very foundations, befo¡e even
the plan of isie new building is formed, or Us ite
selected. Let, I entreat gentlemen, the old house
remain until the erection of the new bui'dmg shall
supersede its use, and then let it ^uH remain, a
monument of the wisdom, or the folly, a^ expe-
rience shall decide, of its constructors.
Another reason which has been repeatedly as-
sigmd for the ear y passage of th s bill is the as-
sumption that the decision of the people, at the
hist fall e'ections,  as against the Independent
Treasury, and demands fr«m their repi<-sentatives
the repeal of the law establishing it It is said
that resist nee aganst the repeal is dnect resist-
ance against an express mandate cf the peop'e. Ii
this so' I do not stand here to say tnatitis not so,
but if gen leraen insist that the elections referred
to were a dec sion of the people against the Inde-
pendent Treasn-y, in favor of what sjs-'em of
fin?nce did ihose &ame e ections exnress the opi-
nion of the people of the coun ry? In favor of tne
now proposed substitute, a National Bank? No.
So far as my acquaintance extend^, that result,
from those elections, cannot be established. Tbe
Presidential elections of 1840 were, in the manner
of conducting the canvass, new and sugu'ar to the
country, and it is not easy to determine what was
decided by them, beyond the choice of the success,
ful candidates. It is insisted, however, by the do-
minant party, that a decision of the people against
the Independent Treasury is ore point clearly es-
tablished by those elections. This may be so, but
it does not follow tha' sach decu, on was also in
favor of a National Eank. This, howesrer, is now
assumed, and I w 11 >ake this occa ion to repeat,
what I hive once before e\pre->sed It m nay place
here, t'.at it may as t el! be u^ged, and upon much
st opger evidence, tha" the d'^is on of the peop'e
at those elections reqj red ot the disti"guisned m-
div dual eVcted to fill ihe Presidential chair, and
of fi'm who row fula it, that they should have de-
clined fo occiif} tie sp'er lid m?ns.on at the olh r
end of th'S aven'i , erected by the people for the
u«e of their Pf\m< ent, and should hive ereetcd for
the r ifhciai ace irnir dation a hove! of slabs, or a
leg cabin, upon the beauuful puouc grounds which
surround that proud dwelling cf th" people, or up-
on Up paveraen f of the if>et edjacent, thai these
hi h iu cuonar eb rnd pub'ic cei v?.i' held hive
discarded from the President's Hon ° and table the
rich and go-gecus furniture wHch it ha" p cv.ed
the p<~onU- oprovi'e and supp'y for the u e of
th"ir Chi'f Ma istrate, and should hivesnppl cd >h"
dtfr enciis ihi s produce! by "tooL aul spoons
a"d p'ates of wood Worn' r.iy onj now
eo-i end rhat absurdmcs sues as th "> were de-
e"=io is of tbe patnotte ir i mtsiioeit i "-t°h
of this country at the elf M o is reared ti? Ail
jet the=e very subjects were made m t ers ot g'a 'a
debate m high places, prd th ou. ho it the popular
meetmss of the doiimint pa'ty, dung ihat c?"-
vass, and I might idd a hunr'r d otnei tor íes equal-
ly novel and absurd, to which a leading promi-
nence was "iven ny ti e Whig oratcrs pending tb=t
canvas-. Wo oi   w 'l neu stand up here, or else-
wcere, and contend for t e foiee aid weigh' of
fav rabl  popular decisions upon these irrelevant,
disgust'ng ?nd disgraceful issues All these ex-
travagances of pt lit cal effort are as revoltirg <o
my mind and fe clirgs now as they were when be-
ing used a^metnj of popular delusion; and I do
not refer to them from any pleasure Í lake in bring-
