£4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong...-1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Wright
Senate.
lated by those laws which regulate the trade of the
'world, and these are the laws which must govern
our controlling markets, and the value of our pro-
perty seeking a disposition in commercial chan-
nels.
The currency of a National Bank is the paper
promises of the Bank to pay; manufactured by the
Bank at pleasure; possessing no intrinsic va'ue,
subject to be expanded or contracted, and conse-
quently to be raised in value, or depressed, at the
pleasure of the Bank and its manage; is not ne-
cessarily governed by the laws of trade, eimeras to
its quantity or value, and never can have the uni-
formity which those laws require for a safe an
salutary medium of exchange.
The currency of the Independent Treasury sys-
tem in a standard of money, ot exchangeable value,
as stable as the standard of weights and measure1-,
established by this Government in conformity with
the express requirements of the Constitution, Ike
the standard oí weights and measures, and fur-
nishes a uniform measure of value, as well for the
currency as the property of the peop'e. The power
given to Congress over the threp standards i- the
same, and the gram is contained in the same cla'ise
of the Constitution. It is to be found in the 5th
clause of the 8th section of the first article, and is
in the following words-
"The Congi ess shall have power foroni money lLSiihte the
value thereof, and of ioteign com, and hx the staudaul of weights
and measutes"
And is it less important to every great interest m
a commercial country that the standard of value
should be stable, uniform, and true, than that the
standards of weight and measure should be' The
latter are measures of quantity, and the former is
the measure of value; and why do we wish to be
accurate in measuring the quantity but m rpferesce
to the value of the commoditv measured? Surely,
then, if we measure quantities as a mere step to-
wards valuation, the measure of value snould be,
of all thing's, accurate and true. And can that be
a true measure of value, as an open exchangeab'e
currency, passing from hand to hand by mere deli-
very and without lcferenee to the responsibility
of the payers, which has no value m nself, and
simply purports to be ¡he representative of value
which is not present? Such a currency cannot be
a standard, but requites a true standard for the
measurement of its own value.
How is it, then, with the currency of a National
Bank, m this, aspect of the case'' It n its ow n pa
per, its own promises to pa>; a standard oí raice
entirely artificial and arbitrary, unknown to ih 
Constitution as money, and ceitamly as a Mardaid
of money, wholly des'itute of intrinsic value, held,
controlled, and regulated, not by the Go rtninent
of the people, but by the interested officers rftl c
Bank; can be expanded without comparative cost,
and contracted without comparative loss, is subject
to be raised and depressed in value, not by the la s
of trade alone, but by the whims and interests ci
the managers of the Bank, and by panics and pis-
sions and prejudices m the public mind Such <i/e
some of the din", rences between the currency of the
Independent Treasury system and the cuirene> of
a National Bank of issue and discount.
Again. The natural action at d tenderles of
the Independent T'fTury sys'em are oppo ed to the
contraction and continuance of a public debt of
any character. Its officers < re paid by stipulatH
salaries, and their direct interests arf io 'írnimsh,
as far as may be in their power, t' e,r r* «ponsibdi
ties and duties. Large collect ons of money to be
received and kep' and disbursed by them would
increase both, win e a debt would add to 'he neces-
sary collections and payments .n exact proportion
to its amou-1, It would fmther add to thedutes
and responsibilities of these oncers thrcugh the ne-
cessary process of manazement, such as the mul-
tiplication of accounts, the necessity of transfers,
the complexity of calculations, and the like.
A large debt, too, would increase the necessity
and the danger of accumulations of com in the
public vaults, as the sums tobepa,dfor interest,
or principal, would have to be accumulated against
the day of payment, at the peril of the public ere
dit,and'enou> evils might be visited upon bust-
nessjnen and the local banks by the hoarding thus
rendered imperiously necessary. Such a conse-
quence, and even the apprehension of it, would
array these interests against the contraction or con-
tinuance of a heavy debt, as would every natural
tendency of this syotem.
Not so with a National Bank.   Its natural ten-
dencies would all te in favor of a national debt of
a permanent character.    The management of the
drbt, as the fiscal agent of the T 'easury, woujd
give it a hold upon the Government, and the coun-
try, strongly ealeu'arpd to speur  jts own perpetu1-
ty.    The stock which  should eomposp  the debt
would present  Up moi' concernen  and desirable
investments, upon  occas ons   for j's capita' a"d
surplus r*eans.   A tt?de in  the'tocks wou'd f'p-
qnentty piesent area'er inducements of profi, <b*
the employment of its extensive means, t'^sn ordi-
nary bank loans, wh'le its foiei n  ov> r¡> i ins, m
exchangp and otherwise, would V <* eitly fari'ifa-
ted by  the ability  to command a Govern-n^n' pv
pei, which would answer its  purposes  Cor remit-
tance abroad instead of the precious m^Hs for we
must not d"lu 'e our elves wjrh  th" ldpa th~t we
can give *o a National Bank, by our action, a ere
dit whicn will make its notes current, as mon-y,
in a 'oieignco <n ry.    Another consideration which
overrides, a 1 theiest, and which will ever m™ke a
National Lank m this countrj, if not in all others,
favor the exis'aree of a permanent i atonal debt,
is this: The Bank, ai tne fiscal ag°nt of the T'easu-
ry, must manage th- debt.   Trirouj h that man.-g""-
inpnt, when   th    debt is largp, it can   conttot
the public creditof the coun'ry,and by its command
of thf public ced t i* w>U be ; ole to control the
Qui eminent of ti > pe ; le. and even, the   perp'e
them=tlv. s, a'i 1 m tin    way  renW is  existence
and its power secure and pcrp"tual.    What gives
to the Nitional 1- -<n\  oí England lis streng h and
durability'!   lis prwer to command a recharter at
pleasure, and to die ate tne value of money and the
measure rf credit to «he  British nauon itself*    I s
hold upen toe Government through i^eir ^reat na-
tional d^bt    Th  cap ipl of the B'lit is a part of
tint     drbt,    ind    the     manage rent     of     the
debt, and th*   d> licacy   and importance   of the
credit of the natun, by rea on of us immePs  w-
deb'ecne^, p! ics úVGjvi'n   ent in iIip power of
the B«tnlr, uid corope's it to moie in subsernehcy
to its interest    What is t/ue m I n^'and  wnl be
true heie, m'rr tit   a cam tanges, ?ntt a Naiion-
a) B. nií i i the li ¡ t^d S'o'ts-ni'i he   ust a. much
strength  ied by  ,   -atKial drb', and   b¿ just as
anxious r r ih"p\ s eie« and perm-netry o. ^noh
r (lib   as is the Na  onil S nkof Bn^land. Indeed,
I have 1 >ng open ronvmctd ¡ha' a National   Pank
cannot b" long us'a ^ed in thi  -oniury, and u i-
de/ otrp'c prr insti ur o«s, v   hon the  ad an 1
si i p rt o' a iarse a   o- ■•i ig rat n a! debt.
Tfip Inlepeadent Ti->? rry wih Icjr an rqi a''y
favor? Me c mm ^n * nha ATAt onal Bink as 'o
the n-tural-"it n a*>d t«idene e-, ot ea"h uroa
<ir>"thei point rf "¡-it rub ic mUre^t. Í ref">- *o
the subject > f ta^atiOL. E-sry tendency of the In-
r'ependent Trt ¡sjry system must naturally b"
against excess \etaxiiion of anv description, and
in any form. An} policy or course of rieasjrrs
ct'culated to accu'i il ic a surplus revenue in *1 e
Treasury of (he U'lHtl Sta'es vou'd lender that
sjsiem buidensome aod optire^ i\  upon th- pp< -
pip, aiJ ''non everv bu'me sir 're t rf tli  coun-
try, C CKU   ' it *. Ojld, ÍC 'bo Ci.eiT    f   the <rrr us,
I  withdraw tn' jieeiods meía s if-M i'se, o br hosrd-
el in .i,   pu. ie v,ipit .    Ire sj tem   b  j  pre-
se'ved. h<=ref"e 'ici poij"y aid s ch npa«u e
could no'  "i, it  ii r ei th  a'' nfi n of the busi-
n-"s comm i^ity, ?>■ I to  become «"pop-ici; tne
c'y coii^iqienc > i t i, undei oui f«c rco^esen-
t live ins , ,,[, ns, n'ed f> bn produced'o  'it«i.ie
tr.eir   abandonnip">t ard   repeal.   Tho necssary
and   unavotdaoe   tendency   cf   the Independent
Treasuiy sj stem las ever  ipp^ared to me  one of
I  its greatest merits    If cor tiujcd m  operat.on, it
will b° sur-> to reheve us fore/er ncieafter from ex-
I  tiavagant tariffs, f^cesave taxation, and sjrpHis
revenue-,   evil    under   which   'he   country   has
I suffered    most    severely    within   ti>e    last   ten
i years,   and   which   powerfully   contubuted   to
|  bring on   the exesses in trade, m banking,  m
credit, and m speculations, which immediately pre-
ceded, and necessarily produced, the present revul-
sion, depression, and derangement in our trade,
our commerce, and our currency. A perfect de-
fence and protection against these excesses for the
future, and against the certainly consequent col-
lapse, should bs an object of the first importance
with the statesman; and the fact that the Indepen-
dent Treasury system must, if continued, prove to
bp this defence and protection, ought strongly to
recommend it to evei ' man of property, or busi-
ness, and most e-fe^¡\\ to the great commercial
interests.
No  so the bank ""-^m     Cnargpd with the col-
loption, keepina, a" 1   'isbnr ement of the  whole
public revenue, lo>- w otVr compensan' & than the
pr*'it<-to be made       ii th  use oi  the money  of
tne people    hi e re ruining in deposite that a Na-
tional Bank vill  icvor precisely th-t course of
policy, and tbo--p Ti^asures, whi"h will 1 ring the
greatest amount of money mto its vaul's, and con-
sequently the greatest amount of benefit to its inte-
rests mustbe justas true as that the officers of a
Bank will consult their own interest":, and the imp-
rests of those who employ and pay them,  or that
the stockholders of a bank will prefer large  to
small dividends upon their stock.   A surplus reve-
nue is, to such on institution, a permanent depo-
site, a permanent increase oí  its barking capital;
and the hp^d of Lie  irstitution  c n aU'ajs tell,
quite as accutatfly as the head of the Treasury
Department, what rates  of taxation will simply
meet the appropriations of Congress, and  what
rates will be sure to leav  a beneficial surplus of
revenue for the uses, of tbe Bank.   Can any one
doiibt, then, whtcn ot tiest, rates  the influence of
the Bank will be exerted to produc ?   Tne natural
tendency will be towards the rates which will  pro-
duce die surp'u ; and that will be the practical ten-. _
denoy so long as a money corporation shall b? tbe
agent to exert  the influence.    The conclusion is
unavoidable.  The business of the Bank i<¡ to make
money for its officers, s>nnagers and s'ockholders.
Tne desire to be connectt-d with the  Government,
asi s fiscal <"g"nt, springs so>ety from the expecta-
tion of profit to be ocrivrd from the extended pow-
ers conferred, tne stiong rred t imparted, and from
the use of th" money oí the peop't, deposited; and
u vou'd be atsurd to believe that the influences of
the mstiiu ion are to be «o eierted as to defeat the
very objecls of theconnectior.    Tie Bank, there-
fore, must favor thpt sjstem. of taxition which will
draw the create t amount of money from the pock-
ets of the people cO its vault % under-  the name of
leverue to b° cohtcted, 1 ept, and d>sbu"-el by it.
Otper mdncJ-nenis, ho?cv r, besets tfcat of the
mer-1 j rt fi s of Danlu g, inereas  this eideneyofa
¡National Brf.nL to favor taxation iJtxt to tbe
de-i.e o im'/ipdiate p efts, is the desue for perpe-
tual existence, on t1 e part of these money corpora-
tions, and every thing wh th exienJs th«ir power
oierdebiOs, «heir rneans ¡o accommodate tiore
borrowers and to enlarge too ¡traits of their money
po^er, increases their security, sirengihens their
hold upon ihe people, and add  to iho chances of
ho extersion o'a limited e! ar'er. 1' deed the ex-
pt >,ence of t> e past lies «-nown to us that, when
hesmounisof su'p'us revenje in the vaults of .1
bani ore la^ge, ard its necessities prfssne, other
u«es than ordmaiy bank loans can ' o iiade of the
)>toi>ey of the p op'e to influence 'he ?c um of the
people rnd of thdr k„i latí/e a s mol   . Por-
tions of the pi-ess can be bought up and controlled.
Mad spec ation- can be snt on fcot and simulat-
ed. T. e purity an 1 nte.-rri1} Ai 'he bí'Iot L ' can
be sice ly ba' fatal!> a nilcl. Tre acli n of he
S ate Le"ist£.tures,if rot il p pc'ioi' oi the National
Lesi '3tur,) can 13 expenaient'd apon, if aot suc-
re sf illy jilluT-eed, by s.tch mean  11 si,eh bands.
AndcTta nly tne Setate will no* be aispo^ed thus
hastily to destroy a s0fe anu alutary fiscal system,
to substitute anotf-c, firth", > irp 'bment of ob-
jects like these, n^r v ill Ihey be willing to draw
money again jrom the pockeis of the people for
such uses. I will not ay that a future Bank, now
to be created, wid indulge m ' '^h practices, bu
the daily de\eiopments ot this p;t'ent period are
constantly showing to us that the late Bank of the
United States has indulged m them, and more, that
a mam cause of its present rum and prostration is
