APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Wright.
June, 1841
Senate.
spread and deeply settled hostility. I am sore, if
they reflect, they cannot make themselves believe
that a mere charter upon the statute book, having
the ordinary forms oí law can possess that tahs-
manic power necessary to surmount these almost
insurmountable obstacles, and to draw around it
that broad mantle of public confidence, entirely
indispensable to enable it to regulate the paper
currency of this, country, and sustain us notes as
the standard of value in t he trade of the nation
If any Senator possesses a faith m a bank charter
so strong as this, such a laith is unknown to me.
.Again, we are told that a new National Bank is
to he that great heiling measure, which is to re-
lieve every distress in the pecuniar/ affairs of the
■whole country, to eievate the prices of property
and labor, and to insure money eve.y wh^se cur-
rent and plentj. How is it to f fftet all tins? All
men of all parties now agree that we have ¡n the
country a large excess of banks The complair*t
is that they have b*tn unioitunate, or improvi-
dent, are unable to meet their obligations, and
have lost the public confidence. Can Congress reme-
dy this state of things and restore confidence to
these crippled and pro trate in«ti uuons, by adding
another great Bank to the list* Por we mus' no'
forget that, except in so far as as the national faith
and credit may be eirbraced in the charter, and
the national revenues shall be made cipiul for us
use, such a Bank will be no better than those which
now exist. Thee is no charm m a meie charter
irom Congress supi ¡c>r to mat wduen a State Le-
gislature may impart.
Suppose, however, the experiment must be mad",
aid what must be the practical and immediate re-
still? Say it is to be a Bank with a capital of fifty
millions of dollars, (the la^t amount I rtmember to
have heard named in this chamber asasuitabh'sum
for the object,) and the fust step is to agsregate this
fifty millions from the exiting capital of the coun-
try. The instant effect of this movement, must
be to double the existing pressure upon the
already crippled local banks and their embarrassed
customers. The valuable and mokt stable depo-
sites must be withdrawn from these institutions, in
the shape of gold and silver, or their equivalent,
and their discount lines must be contracted, and ]
their debtors made to pay m a currency equally
valuable, that the crpital of the new Bank may be
realized. The effect of aggregptmg =o vast a capí
tal in. com, or its equivalent, at the present period
of depression in our tr?de, t nd business, an 1 bank-
ing, must be to bring ef ery th'ng to a iliiid siiil,
and fs.r how long a ime'
What time do ?eit'emt n suppose w 11 be re-
quired to collect fifty millions of dolLis of real
money capitil m timos >¡ke the presen? Í ask the
question, becau cl will lift pu simo lhat it is con-
templated, at 'his,, ulv?ncedpe lodinoui etpei erne
in banking, to pn a new Ban'u to operat oi witl -
out the pre;nns pajment of íu enure capital.
That mou" of banking has been long smce tried
and exploded ia my own Sta e, and I tru 11, not
now to'tiattd any where Tilt fira step in th
process, ihete'on, must be to obi. in the entire- cr
pital ef the new Ba"k in munej Here I m<y and
piobab'y slv't, L ■ to) I that ioieign capital wi 1 se<di
the stock, and iln s i m ve our own ban'jj and
business sat n do a me rnssuii. I anticipate*. Tpis
may be -o, but I u t thu k, it we a.e to  , it until
English o "¡Vencii c, p Hi-4s pan vvit'i the r moi.cj
for the stoc: of en >i!,ei Bank of th Tin ted Suus,
we shall be comjcltd to wilt un il th vacuu-a
produced n the r peckels oy investments i i the
stock of the la e B.jnk bac been more filled th^i it
is at present, or Iiheh to be frc m the pioceeds of
their interest mcr* Wheth i 'he s, me coonside-
rations will influence o if ewn ci iz is who hive
money t i.'N, i¡,a mat er worthy o'c ns,dera-
tion by ih se v o rely upor snJi p B«nl for relief
to the coup n an 1 - s c at d p icical f sjjI ajen'
for the Treasn y 3 do not wish ir> ?xp c>-s sm op -
mon upon it Jt h "nou?*! íor i"* purpose th ', i
they do take the stock, th° immidip'e co"ieq lencts
to our banks aid busitess men. wr'Cii I havj de
scribed, must follow, from t! a Kith Ira" al *re i th<*
eurrent business of the country of i leir cap tal íoi
íhe new investment.
This is no imaginary picture.   It must be the
first result of this measure of re'ief Theie is no
man at all acquainted with the subject who does not
know that the location of a new Siate bank in any
of our trading towns, produces an immediate and
temporary pressure upon all the banks and busi-
ness men of the vicini y. The capital «f
the new bank must be accumulated, and
that en only be done by a change of tne amount
of money requerid, fiom old to new channels, from
the customers of the exist.pg bfnks, principally, to
those who shall become the customers of the new
bank. This howr. /er, n the case supposed, is a
a local and limited operation, but the es'abhsh-
ment of a -ew National Bank must affect, in the
same way, to the i xient of it capital, the whole
Unien; and if that cap'tal be fifty millions, the lo-
cal banks of the, Union must cu tad their aceom-
no'itions to abort that extent, unle i the" crce.it of
tin - Government shall be revolted to, and a debt
imposed npi n the whil people, to rois the money,
and thus avoid ibis u plev-ant consequence.
Suppose, howevt r, the eapi'al < f ihe new Bank,
apgre-giied by whatever r eiv, and at whatev r
sacrif c? to t^e bu npss nte't ts of the prop e, or
the credit of the coimfy Then comes th<- second
step in the process Tr e great Wat onal Bank of
fifty million" is ready to comirerpp if op rat ons
of banking, ad wants customers. All the local
b nks are le'tric ed to the utmost of t^e.r power,
from the neces ity ¡f paiting with the capí al for
the new Natitnal Bank, and fiom the fear of its
power when put in opprptmn. They too, thce-
fore, want cu'tomets. The National Bank leads
eft"with fr e i*"ucs and 1 bcnl J' cents. The lo-
cal banks feel the impulse, and follow the evam-
pV. A cfje"'l eípsn0 on of tie pap"' currency
endues Money becomes plenty and cheap, and
property and labor deir, and fo cgn property and
foreign bbor rush in upon Us to reiiorc the equili-
brium, taking from us in exrhinsc for both, not
our expanded and cheapened bank paper, but our
gold and silver, equally cheapened in our markets
by our legal establishment of the paper standard
This slate of things will continue tor a short pe-
riod, delu ling us with the idea of unexampled pros
penty, and the excesses may even reach those of
1835 and 1836, though I sincerely hope not.
Then must come the third «t p in th\, natural ac-
tion of this great credit sjstim The National
Bunk, having go1 out its vis-t pipit ', *nd exUruhcl
sufficient'y its Fsi,e , w.l1 con>i->-n c t1 c ciuuter-
maich, ard, le*n t ™ -pon llefi 'it of t ic nation
.nil 1 e p' lie if ve i i , it m íy sustain the corse-
quenl irvu's n The loeal barks must fe'low
without su"h ?ids, vd the'cci." "Í 1819, of 1835,
oí If 31, ami i f 1837, mu.t Pfiain be v ited ifon
t ii m ?nd their (umihiit , p  -a> s with incre-ised
siventj SLch ¡s tie promise wheh exponenre
ho'ds in1 to us fr m tne <s ibhshnr-it 'i a ivw
Nalion-1 Jjaiilt as arwasii'c of r f t^ the Tr*'-
fcttry (í the rcoj le, i'id to the pt e pie them'eti f,
while lepct tion oi th c il Ttu"'nn is nl1 the un -
ft rmii / to be i ope or f-rm ^ " c em of ct'-n ney
hasel upon a p^D'r s >r 'ard, held and controlled
by th  iiwigeis or a Bank.
Ano.hcr sugge^ion crull not fail to «tnke the
minds ot a'l, wl in vi-Ting hish?sty pe ion 0"e
of the mot const.it and universal cot points
afa«nst ihe tv o así A.dnnisi t i .is) '¡>y ¡b^ir op-
pr-nent^, \vas ihot rf c 'o o-il rana ion-nd coi s'ant
chinden our finaucwl sj ,'em, and u"i'er tint
(ompM nt tho e A minis'r iois suffe el severely,
th U'hlbeluve uriuMlt. lbs cTrpl'i' com
merced wi h ¡lie ' e o u>-on the 1?-1 e ,n 1839. It
v ?s rtjf nblcd ur on tie, clnrg  cf t1 e deposes n
1833 an ' the ■> 'i'it' ns in rpU io-> to th  i lopticn
o! st ire sosten h ¡ w hi h th pi bi c mo* evs rn «¡M
lelro t t ,(>oie it i r h. t-lv w 'h p tl<e c i tcdy cf
th^la\ ,b '\ it ip i lime i 1 the p1  s->; oiihede-
posi'e 1,. y of 1838 ex'eil d and ron"rm" 1 it. That
U w hid ^ot b ei h o-i-i-" ni ' i.pir when the
} t( ii of fii-nee OTga.i z d linde it bro!ie down,
apnareml ly i> own weigl', ?t1 ?g in change
iijd agi'a io" becii'-' ind p n ab'e The Irde-
rcidjnt Trea urj st 'cm Ta> r om'nen'ej by the
P ps dent in-i ih- f' cp i cf i-=r of d c Government,
and, not meeting the apprcba'icn rf tne ¡hen Con-
gres , constituted the sulj-et of continual and
heated dixussion before the country until its adop-
tion m July, 1840. Daring all this period every
obstruction was thrown in the way of any other
settlement of the difficulties than by the recharter
of the old National Bank, or the establishment of
a rew one, by all those who favored the existence
of such a Bank, and yet they were among the
loudest in their complaints of agitation, confusion,
absence of Jaw, and eternal change. What do
these same gentlemen now propose to do? The
Independent Treasury law was passed on the 4th
of July, 1840. It is going into gradual operation
without any particular haidship upon any interest,
but has not yet readied its complete effect, much
le^s been allowed time foi a fair and reasonable
tnal; and already ihe system must be changed by
the action of the very men who have ctmp amed
so much and so lo. g of change, change. Not
op)? =o, but th s law inui,t be instantly repealed,
w theut even .>n at'empt to adopt a srbstitu-te, thus
pgam 'h owing the pub1 c moneys upon Executive
discretion, and opening again the wnole vast field
of national ft mnce for a repctit on of the agita-
tions which prevailed trom 1833 to 1836, an!
agiin from 1837 to 1840.
And why is th s proposed to be done? Gen-
tlemen do not Kv- us m doubt as to ihe an-
swer to this question, 'i'ney show us lhat n
is to force Gon^ri^s and the country back upon
t .at o'd system wp't-h hi= veen most p?tien ly ¿in 1
effectually tried, and mes c^arly and uiequivoci'-
ly condemned by ihe people—a National Bank,
connected with, and resting upon, the credit and
revenues of the country. Th s may be referm,
bui to my mind it sesms veiy much like reform m
a circle. 'Villi gentlemen look back to 1832, ccg
whai was then 'h-* state of the public mind as to a
Bulk oi the Unned S'ates, and caiefully weigh
every manifestation of ptpu'ar ftelmg touching
such an estaolishu < nt, from, lhat day to the pre-
sent? Tney will find at every step a greit and
powerful interest struggling earnestly, but strugglirg
hopelessly, for the attainment of this result; so
hopelessly, that even at the elections of 1840, the
then Opposition, now Administration party, dare
not avow before the people that the establishment
of a Bank was a settled and favorite measure of
their party. Will they turn their mmds to what
have bsea their constant complaints, and the con-
stant comphmts of almost all business men, dur-
ing the long period referred to 1 These complaints
hive um^oimly been ofagitition and change. The
emphatic language of the bu mess community has
been, " G ve es aiij se ¡led system, but let us n< t
be h.uasaed bf t' e'e [ trpe UKl changes, We will
conform oorwiv u ai c' om bu mess to any sjstem
}ou may ('cv s , if you w 11 en'y allow us time to
try i 5 aicnts ?nd un rrs at a t- action " And jet
now, Lciore a rcw >nd untned system has been in
operation a twelve month, the very party which
1 d th s comj nt ef const in i ard eternal change,
111^ upon st 11 a .j n*e change—upon th" instant
r pial Oi th's i ew system—and upon goirg back
to die point of departure m 1833, to start íouLd the
circle again Ii gentlemen c^n f,ee stab hty, um-
iormi y, qi let, upon this path, I confess they can
we vv h it I am not aole even to hope.
A few  ords more, Mr Tiesident, and I will re-
lieve the Sei ate for the presi nt rccas,on. So
much hrfs oeeti already «a.d upon the point I arm
am? bout to touch it ms- b-en so di^tmctlj pre-
sented and a pncd oy the honorabh Senator from
Ii'ino <•, [Vlr McRobfris ] \n his resclu ions for
pcomiinment v ith instiuctions, ?nl the sense of
a majority of the Senrte has been so urequ'vocaily
exprés ed in the vete upon iho e resolutions that,
but f,,r a nirst imperious sense of duty, I should
p iss it over alwge her. T he point is this In what
siM t on vill the repeal of the Independent Trea-
s-iry lav, m tneimtn moposod in ti,is bill, leave
one portpn of thepuole monev, th  ir«iant the
b 11 <dia 1 be appro/ed and siBned by 'he President 
I refer to that por ion oi th  money in the hands,
and to come nto the [ a' ds, of'he Receivers General
at Bo-toa, New York, Charleston, and St. Loui i
I take tnese officers, because I can m&ke the argu-
m nt I v j'-h io preser t, clearer by so doing, as they
hjld no o hci ornees, and are charged with no other
dntr.3 th'n those <f receivers, keepers-, and dis-
burses of the public revenue.   In their cases.
