APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,'1841*
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. McEoberts.
Senate,
matters which must continue without intermission,
and could not slop for a day—without providing
any other Jaw in its place.   By this course t'i=
country was remitted to the law of 1836: yet it had
been shown to be impracticable to revive the State
bank system contemplated in that law, in time to
meet the exigency; and the Secretary would there-
fore, of necessity, be remitted 10 the condition of
things which existed anterior to the passtge of the
law oí 1836, and this whether foi a long or a short
period. But whether it was to be tor a shorier period
or a longer one, was wholly immaterial m the ar-
gument.   He still held that there should be a sub-
stitute provided, before the present law was abo-
lished.   JNay, the very fact (if it were a fact) that
this state of matters was to continue but a short nme,
was the strongest ol all argument-, for postponing the
repeal till that short time should have elapsed.   If
a substitute could be provided in a few weeks, why
not wait those few weeks beiore they put down the
existing   la ?     There   would   have some   ma-
chinery to be piovuled; and during that interval
the public money was to be left m a state unpro-
vided for by law, or under a law which was im-
practicable, which was the same   thing.   Why,
then, put up a scaffold only to pull it down again
and put  up another?   Why this double demoli-
tion?    They would  incur an   infinity of  trouole,
while no good end was to be gained by it.    What
could be  the reason  for all thiol   Why  this hot
haste?   Was it that the feelings of gentlemen were
to be indulged?   Did they  wish to gratify resent-
ment  against the  Sub-Treasury, as if it were
some living enemy?   If gentlemen were capable
acting from mere feelmg,they had had aa opportunity
presented to them yesterday, when he had offered
a resolution to exclude the  bank at Philadelphia
from receiving any portion of the public depositas.
But no; they could not be p rsuaded to adopt a
resolution to keep out of  the confidence of   the
Treasury this pre-eminent culprit.   ~No; ihey cot,Id
indulge no feeling; it  would not  comport   with
the dignity of the Senate.   But how did they act
now?    Was there no feeling?   None against  the
Sub-Treasury, an inanimate thing?   Did they not
seem to say to it, we have got  you in our bands
now, and we   will sttangle   you without  weicj?
Were  these the   Bank  sentiments?    If they   did
not act from resentment, why this has e?   Why
net let   the Sub-Treasury   stand   till   they   had
something to put in its place'   In  which part of
the Union was it not working well?—working ac-
cording to  the w.shes and feelings oí the people'
Where was the petition, where the memoiial.wheie
was the public resolution, asking for its demoli-
tion?   There was not one; no, not on* .    The cla-
mor all came from two descriptions of individuáis.
First, the pohticiaas, who wished (o ob am a poor
triumph, by tearing down and stamping to p.eces
the work of thsj opponents.   And who el*e?   The
millionary plunderer"!, who wanted to borrow the
public money, without giving that security for it
which John Jacob Astor or S ephtn Girard would
have   demanded.     Having  devoured   tmrty-five
millions of the money of tie people,  which, had
not General Jackson saved it, would hive been so
many millions of the money of the Government,
they were still not satisfied.   Yes, President Jack-
son had rescued, had saved  to  the  widows and
orphans and citizens of the United Slate  tiien y-
four millions, of dollars, which would o'hervusc
have been lost in the Philadelphia bank.   Had ho
not removed the deposites, the public wou d have
b*:en plucked to that amount.   Yes; the pubhe—
tie people—which, in the language of that ins itu-
tion, was  «the goose which  was to be plucked!"
¡This clamor against the Sub-Treasury csme rot
[rom the farmers of the country—not from the me-
chanics of the country—not from the laborer-., the
producers of the country. No; but from the mill on-
ary plunderers, who longed for yet larger spoil
What was the argument for the proposed rep aH
It was this: "We have the power, and we will do
it.." That was the argument. "We will sithe'e,
xroder the scorching rays ot a soktial sun, tid we
see it done. There shall be no adjournment; there
sha 1 be no going oat for respiration, gentlemen
shall not go out to get their dinner, we will sit here
till MK done.    Gentlemen, said that foe fate of
tne Sjb-Tieaiuiy had been deeiled by the result of
fie late Piesidenttal election. Tne rkorle had de-
creed its downfall. But on this point he b?d a
queslien to ask Suppose, insttnd of Ihe candi-
date elected at Ilamsbur^, a diffemit individual
had been chosen to ran agamst Mr. Vai1 Buten,
and, through want of popularity, he hid (blamed
but three or lour States, what wou'd these same
gentlemen convidar a-s the i-cNon of the people
11 that ease? By parity of reasoning, he su iposed
that then the people would have beon held as all
in favor of the Sub Treasury ¿cheme. But both con-
cisions would have be n equally- false. The fact
was, that there was no one issue on which alone the
election turned, and there was nothing n which to
found the conclusion thai the peop'e had decided
that the feab-Tieasurv mu>t be repe?Ied All Mr.
B asked, however, was, that gentlemen would let
itstand till the,' had provided a substitute, it was
sufficiently evident what they were aiming at
When they had got down tbe Sub-Treasury, they
would set up anoiher Bank of the United States,
or some finality such as might have its hihuation
wheiever Congress exercised i[s exo Usive, j lristhc
tion—a fiscahw that might be set upmmvy yards,
in forts, in dock y?rds, and m powder macazm*s
In concluir, Sit. B. demanded the^ veas and
nays on the motion he had now mad", in onler that
he might leave uptn the journal the nsn.t authen-
tic recorded evidence so, u his opinion of the pro-
posed mearme.
The question being put, ¡he Repor'e' understood
the yeas and navs lo be ordered by the Stna'e.
Mr YOUNG said that if this bill was to be
passed, as, he supposed it shortly would be, it must,
from its nature, go immediately into effect. What
would be the c ^sequence? Every rece'ver pene-
ral would to imtanh beerine furcins officii What
then would become of those officers? In what
light were they to be viewed? They were salaried
officers, and when were then -alanés, to c^ast*
From the dah" of the passage of the an? Oi, at
some other ¡.me? It was said, indeed, th-u ne
were sborl'y to have a "nbstitu'e fir the Sub-Trea-
sury, but that ¡>e held to be impossiole, even ad-
mitting that the Sena o should, in a few da> magree
to charter a Bank ot the United States, and that
¡he other House should concur. Could the Bank
go lito operation in a few day--? Must not its
stock be subscribed and paid in? Must not the
plaics for its notes be engraved, snd its notes
pnn'ed and signed? Usp what expedition they
would, a eba>m of weeks must intervene Would
it not be more piudpnt m the mean while to 'eave
ihe pic<=L.,i system standing rather than to throw
the cout.iry on a wide ocean without compass or
char!? Could any man tell what banks would b 
needs!, what currency we were to have, who was
to receive and keep the revenues in ihe wean
while7 On all these questions difficulties won'd
ame. Why not avoid ihem by po tpornrg ihe *•<•-
peat till provision was made to meet them?
Mr. BENTON now expressed h,s wh tr amend
t'oe resolution ne had sent to the Char, and on
¡hat ltquest a qu'-s'ion of order arose, vhi'h was
a gnu' by M>> >r-. KINJ, CL\Y of Alabama,
BAYARD, BENTON, an! CLA^of K>rtickt,
wntit resulted in the withdrawal of top or-
c'ei for ¡ue ve-s and nays, and rVTr. Benton'u
c.ianpirg his morí n to postpone the bill r to a.
mot on to recommit it, with instructions as fol-
low  .
"That the billbe lecomroiUelto Ihe Couumtteeon Tmanre
with mstrudions to lepoit, in connection, a substitute fot the
Independent Tteasut v.''
On the motion me jeas and nays were demand-
ed; wh ch being o-dered and laktn, resulted as
tol'ows:
YEA**—Me-'rs. Allen, Bonmn, Ca'hom, Clay
of Ala. Fulton, King, Meitoberls, N'crul-on,
Pierci, Sevier, Smith of Conn S'uvgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright * and
Young—18
NAYS—Mes-sr--. Aicher, Barrow, Bites, Bavard,
B rnen, Caoate, Clay of Kv. Clayton, D'xon,
Evan1-, Onham, HBntingtin, Ke1", "VFangu-n, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps-, Porter, Prentis ,
Preiton, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Ind. Stuth-
ard, Tallmadge, White and Woodbridge— 28.
So Mr. Benton's motion wjs negatived.
Mi McROBVRTS submitted the following mo_
tion in wntws, io wit: That the bill be recommit-
ted to ihe corn.ritiee that leported it, with instruc-
tions io report an amendment—
l< Pf->\i-hn«fist «oir>* "lauKfoi the pectin y and safety of
tSat pnuimot he pulilit money, which will bo lereived by the
tbposttori of the , ubhr i oi ev from the da c of the passage
ot this a I, until a nowledse of iisp-s=age shall be recen ed
bv sa d pevcrald no^ito  is
"2nd That said committto insert a piovlsion providing
some future day that ^iiC irt shall nK • t'tcf, giving to tne
T nqiiv Depaitment -^ínple ttme 'o H' e oitiei holds, con
fhinntle tothi state oí thir^-. oudnced by the lepeai ofthe
ludept ideitTiea^uiy Hwol lul) 4, 1S40, from all depo ito
titianl tcceiveis ol the public levcnue "
Mr McRcbert^ proceeded to say that from what
had alreae.) taken place, it «as very obvious that
oO far as depended upon the Senate ¡he bill now
under consideration would pas-.. A fixed and de-
termin'd majority had settled that question, but
notwithstanding ihis, there were questions connect-
ed wit's the bill that had not been duly considered—
question^-, too. of the highest importance to ihe
count-v, and lo ihe safety of tl e public reve, ue.
I>t us for a lew moments examine them, and I ask
Senators to accompany me while I point out the
f  M onjrcttons which exist to tl e passage of ihe
bn' in  ts mespnl shape
My first proposition is, that ihe bill be recommit-
ted to Ihe commit ee with instructions to provide
some guards for the security and safe'y of the pub-
lic monpy whitb will be received by the deposito-
ries of the same, from the date of ihe passage of
this act, until a knowledge of its passage shall be
received by the depositories. To test th  utility of
this proposition, let us inquire if any guards what-
ever are provided for the public funds to be re-
ceived during fhtt time? Js there any security
whatever for these moneys, oi will the bonds
of ihe depositories taken under the Independent
Treasury law be any iroiee ion to the Goverrment?
So lar Iron it. the fir--t section of the act now un-
der conaider?üon, expressly declares the contrary,
it próvidos for whs'1 Why, <-'r, enly listen toils
language: "All civl rights and liabilities which
have arisen under said act, and the remedies there-
for, sinll remain and continue as il said act had
not b"~en repealed." Th s p'ovii-ion is in the past
ten^e. It applies e-cpressly to the rights and liabi-
lities which have arisen, and not to those which will
anse a/iei the act is repealed. & r, tips provision
ot the bill is amere trap. It has no effect what-
ever, rid is shter nonsense. For all rights and
liabiliiifs which accue before tne law shall be rf-
peal <!, ihe bonds heretofore taken are good, and
the securities are bound. This provision of the
I ill is barely repeating what the law is already.
Tais enactment is therefore mere tautology; ihe
law is so without it and it can have no effect but
to deceive. I need not debate tlm position b=fore
th" Serat , for every member knows ¡he position
to be unanswerable.
Buf, Mr. President, are there not some nghls
ih.?t will accrue cftfrtbatlaw 'hall be repealed, tbntare
rot provided for m any wav v/aatevei"2 The mo-
ment the Prtsidti.t of the United States shall s>gn
this bill, should it unfortunately pass tbe two
Houses of Ci ngress, all the spiral deposiiones,
crea'edb", the In lepend^nt Treasury law, aieoutof
office. From lb.it i-st^nt the Receivers General
at Boston, New York. Caar eston, and St. I onjs,
are pnvaie citizen^. From that moment they have
no right to receive ano'her dollar of the public
moi ey. From thai moment ¡he right of receivers
of all the branc i mmts, to recsive pubi c money,
cea e>. Will any S -nafor doubt this? Wul any
man of intelligence any vhcre doubt it' Sir, these
were ihe general deposit'riei oí the public revenue,
creat d by ¡he Independent Treasury law. They
all gave bonds n laige sum°, with ample secunly,
for the faithful discharge oí their duties while they
should remain in office.
And ihe 16th section of the act declares that
"All marshals.dMriet attorneys, and others havinsr public mo
ney to pay to the United Slates, and all ¡alenteos wi>hmg to
make[ayment for patents to he ibsued, rrny p< y all such mo
m/s to the Treasure! of ihe united Slates to the Treasurer of
t tthei of the mints in Philadelphia or New Oileans, to either of
the receiVets general of public money, or tostichother deposi-
tory constituted by this act, as khall be designated by the Sje
cretary ofthe Treasuiy "
Here, sir, you will perceive, that the act requires
the public money to be paid to these depositories.
It is the law ofthe land which requires and forces
