¿r«i&, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong—1st Sess.
29
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Jallmadge.
Senate,
the payments to be made. And, sir, there is uot
one day in the week, Sunday excepted, but large
•¡urns are paid over to these depositories. There is
not a day but large sums are received and paid out
by these depositories in the discharge or their du-
ties.   Not a day, sir, not a day.
Well, yoa go on in hot haste and repeal the Inde-
pendent Treasury law, without piovidmg any
guards for the large turns that must be caily re-
ceived by the general depositories, between the
date of the repeal arid the period when the repeal
shall be known by the rprrote depositories. It will
require say fifteen days for the most remote deposi-
tories from this cap>tal to know that the law has
been repealed. In fill's period, hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars mu.t and will be paid m to these
depositories They are bound to 'receive i', and
the cohec*ors aie Lound to pay it to them, until they
know that the laWis íepea'ed Have jousmy secu-
rity for this portioii of the pobhc money' You will
have repealed the law creating these ofheers,and frcm
that instant their bonds becoms dead letters Tneir
securities are not liab'efor «hat is received pfter-
wvds Can any ene doub* this? Sn. have not
all of us who dein ¡lie habit of at'en ling cot,,ts
of justice, bava steu this ques ion tested' The
que'Uon is net new, bet has been repeateulv de-
cidí 1. TneSuoreme Comt of the Uni'ed States
in i* e case of Kirktulrich, 9 h "Wheaion, 731 and
732, settled this very question. Indeed the court
in that case have gone vastly furthei than I no 
contend for They did not only limit the ob'iga-
tory ope¡?tion of the bend to the period the
party was in office, but th-y held, in their own
words, "That the liauhty of the securities was
strictly confined to the du(i s and obligations created
by the acts passed antecedent to the da'e of the
bond "
By the pa sage of this bi'l, there"oie, unless you
provide some guard for the funds to be received
after the law shall be repealed, and be/ire a knowledge
of that fad reaches the most distant depository, you
have no seeuutyat all. You are thi owing the pub-
lic revenue to the wind. You are doing wrong
wiih your eyrs open and in th° face of ths world.
The depositaries acd collectors may all be
honest; they may account for the money; but from
th  reckless system of removals lately pursued,
there may be some Swartwouts ?mong them. But
it is the duty of Congress tn previ k guard* for the
safety of the public revenue Tie/ stand inexcu-
sable before the world if they do not
Sir, there is anothei branch of this subjec' to be
considered. And, let me say, it is one of
great importance; it involves principles of me
highest magnitude, and reaches to the foundation
of this whole matter.   My secsnd proposition i«—
"That the said committee insert a provision piovidm^ some
ftituredai/ that said artstia'i Uke effect, £ivm<* to the treasu
ry Department amp c tune to uke otl ei homh conformable to
the state of nines prituced tby the lepedl of the 1 dep n
dent Tieasuryact, fioni all deposit itie& apt leceiveis of the
public revenue
Before the Indepenoent Treasuiy aH of July 4,
1840, wa  passed, bonds were required under the
existing laws from all receivers of land office ,
and collectors e-f the customs. The substance, if
not the form of the bond, was prescribed in the va-
rious acts of Congress. Such, sir, was the stale of
things when that law was p<-s ed But that law
created new, and increased, ana varied responsi-
bilities in the collection and safe keeping of the
public revenue. For example, that aci, andpaiti-
cularly the sixth section, changes ihe dutie  of va-
rious receiving officers. They an  rt quired to act
as depositories of ihe public n venue, as well as
collectors, or receives, and to do otoer dut ei roi
before req «red. They weie to occupy a ct v re-
lation to the Government after that act was passed.
Well, sir, in carrying cut the mten'ion of the act,
we find by one of Is provision  that the Secretary
of the Treasury is required—
!íAt as eaily i dly as pc tble afui tie pa °atfp 0* I k act
toxetuire tiom the seve Idtl sit mes heiehy consttti ted an 1
whose offmal'n lis aie t it bei em before provi led fir tu l<tp
cute bonds npif and su tabl"in then tarns, to nifetthe itai
and mcirased duties impo ed upon them rcspeetvee by
fus act "
Yes, s r, the bonds are to be new and suitci le in
th ir term?, to meet these new and increased duties
And, sir, I may now say that Í know, of my own
knowledge, that these new bonds, to cover these
new dutie , were required by the Secretary of the
Treasury of all the receivers and collectors in the
Government. My position at t! at time as Solici-
tor of the General Land Office, enabled me to
know that these bonds were taken in conformity to
the provisions of the Independent Treasury act.
These bonds are now m force, and no receiver, or
collector, is bound by any other bond. The old
bonds were cancelled by the giving of the new.
And according to the decision already quoted, of
the United States vs. Kirkpatricfr, the securities in
the old bonds could not be made liable under the
new and increased dut.es imposed by that act.
Well, sir, «uppose you repeal the Independent
Treasury law, without making the provision I have
susgested, may nc' a grave question grow out of
it, to wit: whither these new bonds do not also fall
with the repeal of the law that required ihtm5 S.r,
ueh is the general lule, that the unconditional re-
peal of a la >, requiring bonds for the performance
of duties, will, from the date of fherepea' ipso facto,
discharge the securities to such bands. The legal
rea onpir/ is, that the law being repealed, the duties
upoer it ceas , and the s< cunt.es from that time are
rfleas d Sn, let a suit be brought upon one of
t ie«e bonds or mon^vi. received by a collector or
dtpos.torv after the Sub-T^easurv l^ repea'ed, and
re icmber th#t the receivers and collector*, are to
• o on receiving public monev, would not his secu-
ndes conie in'o court, aimed vith the settled and
solemn adjudications o( tv o hundred y.irs- against
}ou'! S r 'he whole doe rines it ire common law,
with all that favor tt at secmiies aliavs ie-
ceive in courts of justice, ax against yoi\ The
rule founded in etern-l jus'ice—a rale ieco<r-
msed by Holt, and Mansfield, and Marshall—
the rale thai yon cannut change the Irihihty of a se
cumy, without his cmsfU, rises up in judgment
a--a'n--tyou And there is sr at reason and ph -
losophy in nat rule. Sir, suppose you lepeal the
ac, without providing the remedy ¡equired by my
motion, the giave questions that I have stated are
cei tatn 10 c ime before your c ¡urts. They will find
teeir way into the halls of justice, and will be de-
cided by men (hat know no political part.es m
judgment And before th  couits will not securi-
ties have the p ver to throw in the eeth of Go-
vernment, and as an answer to the demand, say
that you, the Government, have changad iheir
liabilitiesm the bind without tne r corseai'? They
maytmlysay that they were equal pames to the
contrac , that tney made an agreement, and signed
a b<- nd, under •> la>v requ ring part cular duties of
their principle, t mt i is law you h ive repealed,
and the dutie  of the principle in th  oond, .>nd of
c u's  my liability a< his secun'y, you hive
changed Kithouf my consent I was security un-
der Ihe guard- of ihe Independent Tie? ury law,
but in no other form You have vio aled your part
of the c mir-iCt vvnh^ut i y consent, and I am re-
leased
Su, h  feneral rul , t' e universal rule m fa\or
of secuii'ies is as I have stated it Is-there any
thing in the faiticular subject now befoie hetíi-
na'e o tak  the ra e o Si.cur ¡es under the Inde
pendent Tr-asur) l„w oiu of tnai ru ? Can gen-
tlemen see pny such t;)ourd uoetupi' If rey
do, I should Ulf to see them jmemp 15 eccupv 1'
But ihe pla n E glr h is >he l?w is as 1 have sta-
te! it, and I might bid defiance to ?ny ether eon-
sttuctio >, for none other ¡anlefivcr. Bu  sup-
pose the ques ion were doubtful, even then, piu-
de.ice would lequire that we should provide the
guards I have pointed out.
Mr. McR s3 d, allirf.ng a t asnuable timely
desigoaur? some future da,, so that it maybe
known to distant depos tones and collectors, when
this repealing act is to take effct, «dl obviate he
fattl object on n f< r h n rry first prorost^n
By giv.ng time for ih  ti m° ol new ho>)ds, O01 -
grest will be acting on the safe ide B\ fa cing
this bill tirough, without provijirg guart s for the
safe'y of ihe revenue, vill be sinning against jght
and knowledge.
In conclusion, Mr McR. demar-t'ed the yeas and
"nays upon the proportion
Mi. CALHOUN appealed to «he fn nds of the
bill whether they could still insist upon its passage
ra the face ot such statements as there?
Mr. CLAY said he should net discuss the point.
There was no earthly necessity for any such pro-
vision, and there was nothing at ail in the ob-
jection.
The question being now put on the motion of
Mr. McRobebts, it was rejected by yeas and nays
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, King, McRoberts, Nicholson,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—18
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates," Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head Phelps, Ponei, Preniiss, Etves, Simmons,
Símíi o« Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodb ldge—28.
The question w«s now called for, and was about
to be jiuf, when
Mr. WRIGHT addressed the Senate
[The remarks of Mr. Wkibht were published in,
Ihe Globe of Tuesday laat.]
Mr. TALLMADGE said: I do not rise to debate
this question It has been, heretofore, fully de-
bated in these halls, m the legislative halls of the
several States—before the people in their primary
assemblies—and by the people thaimelves, until the
subjict has become so thoroughly worn out that
even my honoiable colleague cannot advance a
single new idea upon it, and until it has become
perfectly nauseating and disgusting. I rise for the
purpose of express.ng my extreme regret at the pain
which my hoaorab'e colleague tel's us he feels
from the haste and manner m Wmch this question
is pressed to a decision I am the last man in the
world that would, unnecessarily, give pain to any
one, and more especially to one so sensitive as that
gentleKBtt He never inflicts pain, even of this
sort, upon his political opponents, unless from a
high sense of imperative duly. And from what
has fallen from him on this occasion, I am now,
fur the first time, enabled to appreciate the pain he
must have experienced on the original passage of
ill" Sub-Trea'ury law through the Senate, and
which we nov, propose to repeal. It was pressed,
on taat oreas on, with such "hot haste" to a deci-
sion, ihat, toa sensitive mind like his, the honora-
ble gentleman's "sufferings," like those of his illus-
trious predecessor on another occasion, must have
been "intolerable " Nothing but the most ímpera-
Uve duty and the most elevated patriotism could
have compelled him to the course wwch was
tru-n taken The bill was on its passage. It
has been discussed, but not fully discussed.
Thire wer  gentl men waiting to be heard
in opposition to it The day had been ex-
hausted, the session had been protracted to an un-
usual hour. Nigh' bad already b gun to throw
het Sable nan ,  over the Ser-ate chamber, when
an adjournment %.ai a^'r-ed to et able gentlemen to
g've ih jir views on the morrow, nee liom the exhaus-
tion ot that dav's arduous labors. It was refused;
and the rouorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Meíuuck] was to-ced wo 'he debate at a la'e
hour, aiid wttiout some of necessary statistics
which he wished '0 use m t"e course of the very
able argument wmeh he made. Alter he had con-
cluded, ar- aajournrnfut was again asked, to en-
aole an ho or ble Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr Davis] tu give Lu\i' <?i* 011 th^ suoject. This
a'so Wis 'eniert, am! he .v<,s compelled to proceed,
late in tnc uieri,, anJ, under the burning sense
ot me injustice do.ie hi in, made one ot the ablest
spece íes ever de' vertd on >bi« d«or The bill was
1 he' r*s ed, ind-ent to the other House, before I
In d an opportunity 10 reach Washington, and to
leioid my vote against it. I had just been re-
cite >. , rfiid was then on my way mcouipany with
an honorable Senator from Ma«sachu etts, [Mr
Wrj-stbr,] to take my 'eat The State of New
Yor  was thus deprived oi the only vote which
truly represented her interests and her feelings on
this floor, upon this great public measure which
she had already thrice condemned. I repeat, there-
fore, Mr. President, that my colleague, from, his
