30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,   1841 
27th Cong-"-1st Srss.
Repeal of Independent Tieasuiy—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
pam on this occasion, mu^t have teen in a perfect
agony apon that
The honorable gentleman objects that the Sub-
Treasury ought not to oe repealed urtil a substi-
tute is provided, and has. attempted to alaim us by
some imaginary difficulties.   There are no diffi-
culties    The act of 1739, the joint resolution of
1816, and the act of 18d§, wh ch will be revived
by this repeal, have ample provisions for the pur-
poses of the Treasury, until a substitute shall be
provided    And even if ¡here we'e no such provi
sions, I would not hesitate one moment about  the
repeal of this odious and thuce,  nay, four times
condemned measure     I have «aid, on this fl or
and before the people, that I would take any thing
or   nothms;   in   preference to this Sjb-Treasury
scheme, and, before I would hesitate abiutitsn-
peal, I would see onr finance fo one more into
ehao«, as they were when the mighty genius of Ha-
milton was called to preside over tnem, when
' Confusion lieu Urn voice,
And wild uproar stood ruled
Bar, Mr   President, wnat excites my 'Specirl
wonder" is the intimation of my honor<-ble col-
league that the people have not decir'td against
this Sub-Treasury scheme    One would suppo e
that, in reference to his, own State, he eou el en-
tertain no doubt   <n   that   sutiicct      Tne   man
must have been   bind   indeed   who   could  i ot
see   the outbreaking   and  ieel   the  oulpuunngs
of public sentiment for the lust four years in the
"Empire State "   And lecst of all should my   co -
league doubt as to what that  ent meut  was     fie
must have been an a tentive obrerver     He eirl/
made up the   issue tor the p oplc     I   rem ruber
perfectly well, when I fir t exme scd heiv my eus-
sent from the e destructisc  m asures   o* the 1 te
Administration, taat my co le?t.ae dtpiecated any
collision of optnion between uso i this<io r, a*-d,wi h
charactens c *e f coup . tei>cy,and «ith a seeming
confiderce of antic ¡xt  1 tnu ij/h, prtposel tosub
mit all our differences to our common constituents
and to abide their decision    I accepted the í'-sue
We went down to   Ihe peonle   m 1837, and they
found against   him.   Nothing dauriud,   he asked
another hearing, and was aga n ovetthrown m 1838
He was indulged with a third tria', and a a n beat-
en m 1839    And in 1840, like Napoleon, he took
the field in person    He traversed the who'e State
I did the same,   ometimes in advance of him, and
sometimes on 11  trail    We \t doin discus   d ?ny
thing but the Sub-Titasurj, al hju^h ny coi   i   te
occa^ onally gave a (ouch n den nee <i    L  Potii-
sef's standing arnv     Gut the bu -V casiir) v i 
theburdcioi th    i s ie    It w,i    i     a    t ct  h
people fouga',  ail! at  thisgria'  Wi    Ioj  batt'
my coIIp «m \ i   ft i illy  r< i e ', ' j i °, t   ■> , < a
dri"o   i ,   ail v/i  ojmp   ltd U sur eua^r a' e c-
creticu
Alter a'lihi , hcar^v 1> otes his "ambiguous
gtvmgs out," tu it tin. peoo e o Ne v Y ->tk h ve not
deed d aga nst ihe Sub Trt^tny. Wi y, sk, 1 t
me? k mm w at was me í^m? Wa met th"
Sub It a uryi Evety lev ti r on (hit si it o!
the, question ha I at tne hei 1 o i  di rialc lt.mii,
in pi i ng ca, , "ísDircND m I'm ¿so y>—
"NiiNii ufAi FivK" in w*s tfp mottoeviry
wbt.ro l cr c ' o i i) ti i i¡ i ers—an ■.<■ it the ^
fojgh,«.iiuu iV it v vi ri couj" cied / r d still
my loior^jl c l(a,t ed u , ( i>y (l ets m
was nv 1 b/ li ¡.e ¡j e i.* t t lj. ' le no1", it i
adeci ion uIívo oí '
hard cu'r i   '
In th" «aine  \>   -i
íámn "trp  on      G    ■
cil d     *ii st     i<    ¡o
1 mií,nt vi h r u  i ei
was z  i         nil
9 eoís, ai d in s   /  d in
Mr  V         n ,    ' e
by a court  ti j-ir , i
has ihs Saj ir h tn b
people and ouahí ; le
given their ve d c> ^an í
our tle'ay in award n? ex
forthwith en'e* up ju Igme
with its head, «o much for B-ck ngti?i) "
Mr   WRIGHT made a brief repiy    He said
it was difficult for him to say, if he should b  so
cojn'
ai d
'i, a
Fa
ai
ie
.it,   'i
,   li   pet p e cc
O i  th t  snb     i
■  [unn >y   u i   tha   it
G   lit   ry  t eis  ;< i'tout
• o nd t,ij a bttrtl nf be r
a '      i   v s c i1 'sirrtl
c f  '  o b   hit  _,,  atn
n    o din n   i   Ly    the
r p^alp !        if j   hue
i       1    te   mp  li  it a
1 on     L t  n,  h«n
ani sir ply   -¡y, ' Off
unwise as to eater in o the lists with his hono able
clleague, wbeiher he should not be overthiown
He Deheved h  had explained otee before m reply
to the accusation of a want of tiour^esy towards
his co'lea«ue That honorable Senator spe ke of
matiero which be did rot personally know, and his
«fte nents did Mr W great injustice He was
fully aw.r* that the f^elings of his colleague were
verv strong, an 1 their p^rsoral ntercourss had
been only ihat of courtesy and k ndness
What Mr W bad said implied no denial that
the people of ihe State of New Yrrk and of the
United State. h?d riven their verdict aeamst the
Independent Treasury On the contrary, he had
exj.rcsly dec'ared that he did not stard no to deny
tbat such was the fact All he had mstbted on was,
tnat there was no e 'idence in the re ult of 'he
la'c elections that the pe >pie Val d cided m
favor of a Natirnn Bank If his col ea"e
w ukl «ay th it, in addre sing the p-ople of
their State, h* had advo-ated Ihe con^tt'uuon-
al ty of a Ra'iom-I Bank, he wou'd ^ay some
thing very difforem from that which Mr W. h. d
always neard stited by others
Mr TALLMADGE replied that he had heen
too much occupied in speaking against the Sub-
I roRsnrv to have any time left for talking about a
Nat oral Bank
Mr CLAY of Alabama expressed a desire to
present his uews on ibi  subject, but it was how
la'e m 'he di}, and his strength was exhaus°d hy
a protracted session To ascertp i he mind of the
S mte, ' f w ul I  move °n adjo unment
Mr CLAY of Ken'ucky hopid the Senile would
not adjjurn
Mr CALHOUN demanded llr yeas and nays
They were ordered by the Seiale, and, being
taken, n suit d as follows
YEAS—M ssis Al'en, Penton, Bncrnran, Cal-
houn Cuy i f AUria-ma, Fal'cn, King, IVIeRoberts,
N cholson, Pierce, Sev er, Cmith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, lapoan, W?lker, Williams, Woodburj,
Wr   ht ar d Youi g—19
N\Y8—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates Bay-
ard, Bfrnen, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Grahim, Henderson, Huntingtin, Iter,
Mangum, Merrick, MiUer, Morthead, Phtlps,
P< rter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, &immt ns, Smith
of In liana, Tpllmauge, White, and Woodbndge
—27
,'o in* ^em e refu ed to adjourn
Mr TEN10N ifter waiting scm" minutes for
ih" no sp m pit  al itiis to cease, sud the lateness
e f th ho ir, the 1 e it of the d.>}, the mi) alienee ot
the bi"joii j, it d ihe lfter"iin a^n Lvmcet1 to s-f
f ' n ) dehy in g alifjing f "it" i I ch de-
le nJed the ici 'te of t e In J i "i-dent fr-asiiy
v trr , <•! ^ul' ' ot p e 'nthin trc-n d ch^rgn,;
t c t v/h ch I e owcl to th" fr ends end authors
of n^t ■> p a ilt) the country it elf, ¡y de
í i •  t ncm t! s u jis' and edous ch«rac er
nbici e *mo m' i ct on hid í stened upon it A
"i t "? d vs em it c eff< it had been made to ciy
do s i thi; S ib-Freasurj by dmt ei clamor, and lo
re-ter i odiivts by mitoi-rded rerr'semations and
distor t 0 eese. ipurns It etreeu lo be selected as
  si j'ot for n exprimí n> t r/oiti"il bain-
bo '1 "<s ind n l unc w s t o "b ti ' loo prepos-
t it i , 'ot. ft re «i to itip t nth, lo t> ut"t i ag ins'
it, t 1 to i ni' i> 1j ir'i , is 'i tn """-«d, in
ih~ r j^c' rf t u • forme 1 a I cre'u'c s p? t
f t c comí ni 5 i p;mj with tv T) odi
e u "i r Kiel tu' tititi mi c levies i in
hite, ¡It; e <• so ce ..na on^in of tiery
et v. .Uc i ny l\ct ' 1^1; of Ire orif
i- •> , Jr i, it d, p te^d of t  t, oíd d t ue i -
' m \    o         t/i    d    ~! 1 cifv-fej, ir oí g  was
se " j i « i o a c i ee i n on« er chlc to e'e-
vot homo, , f ' to ctiov u once ih r 1 b°r-
ly I   ppntss, in! prepe          I.i al1 ihi  tne oppo
nents ct the stem c pud ' ie con «ct of the
Frene-i ja oo n o iic year '89, in at a<- k ">g tie
ve o power re ir ved to the ng f e enligh ered
I is onan, Tuici , has gi t a us in ace ant of
h se j cobm cal expe io<=n s upon Ft neh credt 1 -
ti, an! w aie almost tempted to be'ieve h" was
e'"st, b "j, with the sp m of prophecy, what we
have seen taking place among ourselves He sajs
that, in some parts of the country, the peo ile were
taught to beaeve that tie ve o wa  a tax, winch
ought to be abo ish d, m others that it was a crimi-
na', wh ch ought to be hung, in othei3 again that
it was   monster, wh ch ought to be killed, and
m others, that it was a power in tne king to pre-
vent the people from eating or drinking As a
specimen of th s la Her species of impo ition which
was altempted upon ihe ignorant, the historiad,
gives a dialogue which actually took place between
a jarobin politician and a country peasant in one
of tue remote departments of France, and which
ran in about these terrn^ "My friend do you know
what the vtlo ts* ' "I di not " Then I will tell you
whs'it is. It is this You have sowe soxip M your
ptmng'tf yu ate going to eU t>, the king com-
mando you to empty it on the giound,and yoj, must
instantly e npty tl on ihe giomu fiat is the veto1'1''
Tus, said Mr B is the account wh eh an eminent
h stonan gi/es ns oí ine uicns used to bimbo zle
ignorant peasan's and to excite them against a
constitutional pro /tsion in France, made for their
benefit,¡ind which only rrrested legation till tie
peop e could speak, and I may spy diat means little
short of such absurdity and nonsense have b en
used m our coun ry to mislead and deceive the p c-
p'e, and to excite Ihem again t the Suo-Treasury
here.
It is my intention said Mr B to expose and to
explode these art fice , to s,how di-fo ly ai d ab-
surdity of trie msenlions wmch were used to de-
lude the people in ihe country, and vthtchno Sena-
tor of theopcositep rty will so lar forget himself
a o rep at hf-re, -nd to exhibit the Independent
Ti-tastFy as it is—no as a new and hurtful mea-
sure ji.st cozened, but as an old and salutary
law, fa len into druse in evil times, and now re-
vi /al and improved for the safety and advan age of
the co an try
What is it, Mr Preside it, w hich constitute  the
system ca led and known by the name of the Sub-
ireasury, or the Independent Treasury 1   It is two
features, and two features ,J me,  which consti ute
the s}stem—all the rest is detail—and these two
features are borrowed and taken from the two acts
of Congress oí September first, and September the
second, 1789, the one establishing a revenue system,
and the other establishing a Treasury Department
for the United States     By the first   of these acts,
and by its 30th 'ection, gold and silver coin alone
was made receivable m payments io the United
States, and ly the second  cf them, section   feur,
the Treasurer of the United S ates is made the re-
ce vr, tne keeper, ard the piyer of the moneys cf
\i"   Un ted   bates, to  the  ex el i ion oí  banks, of
which only three tten ex s ed     By   ih se two laws
th  first and I e original   financial system of t' e
UiittdSate  vas c Ubn¡.net, ancl  hey  lo h no v
stand upon the statute booh, unrepealed,   irW 11
uní legal fore , except in some details     By  these
laws, tn?de n ihe firs* days of the first session ot
the fi s Conjr-ss,  which   sat under the ConsMu-
Uop, ge id ard silver com only was made  the cur-
rency of the Fedtial Treasurs, and tie Trea^ur r
of the United Stat s was made the  fiscal agent to
receive, 'o keep, and to pay out that go'd and >.il-
v 'coin    This was the sys em of VVasningion'^
"dmmstrat en, anl as such it vent into efFecf    a 1
Píj men'   to tl e Federal Goverrmen veré rrade r
f i I anl ilver,all such rrt,nov n 'u rernai-KQ ir 1 •
li-ndst.f   eTreisu.e  htmse f, "ntii he pa t i' on ,
orm xeh nd  oF n" collectors cf   ie cus'oiPSjOrthe
rec i e s of the  If nd    fire*, until h" drew wj -
ta i s uoe-n ¡hen n f vor el the'" to vhom money
«os d„. ficm tne Government    Thus it «asm
the  begnrir?—n the   flr'-t a d >iappy ^ears of
W ->sh ng« n's adi nist" tun    l'i  rroncy of the
Ge \ e   ment wis h rd money, at el ro ho y toucned
tha'rront   but ¡he Tre  sure- „  the U Ued Sta e«,
aud in* offc is « ,o c-1 t.cicd i , at d tne vsbole of
t e e fteic v e boi ds ai it penalt cs for their go d
behancr,  suoj ft to  tne liwntt otdasa-d gene-
iai supenntendrnce oí ¡he S cr°tary of thi Trea-
sury aid tie Pie id nt of u Unned Stales, who
was be und to see the laws faithful'y cxecuied  The
Qo em «ent was then what it was made to b°—a.
hard monpy Government     It was rrade  by haid
money men, who had seen enough of the ev Is of
papsr money, and wished to «ave their posterity
from   such evils m future.     The   money   was
