APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong.  -1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr, Benton.
Senate.
woods in earth, and m iron for you at this moment.
Asktamifhe vt tired of hard money payments,
and wishes the Sub-Treasury system repeated,
that he may get a chance to receive hib pay in bro-
ken bank notes again. Ask the soldier and the
manner the same question. Ask the salaried of-
ficer and the contractor the same. Ask ourselves
here if we wish it—we who have seen ourselves
paid in gold for years past, after having been for
thirty years without seeing that metal. No, sir,
no. Neither the payers of money to the Govern-
ment,'nor the receivers of money from the Govern-
ment, object to the hard money clause m the Sub-
Treasury. How is it thea with the body of the
people—the great mass of the productive and busi-
ness classes? Do they object to this clame'* Not
at all. They iejoi eat it, for they receive, at se-
cond hand, all that comes from the Government.
No officer,contractor, or laborer, eats the hard money
which he receives from the Government, but pay& it
out for the supplies which support his family, it all
goes to the business and productive classes, and thus
the payment from the Government circulate from
hand to hand, and go through the whole body of the
people. Thus the whole body of the productive
classes receive the benefit of the hard money pay-
ments Who is it then objects to it' roken
banks and their political confederates are the ela
morers against it Banks which wish to make t"eir
paper a public currency, politicians who wish a
National Bank as a machine to rule the country.
These banks and these politicians are the sole cla-
morers against the hard money clause in the Sub
Treasury they alone c amor for paper. And how
is it with the other clause, the one which places the
custody of the public money in the hands of our
own officers, and makes it ie'ony in them to use
it? Here is a clear case of contention between the
banks and the Governmsnt, or between the clamo-
rers for a National Bank pnd the Government
These banks want the custody of the public mo-
ney. They struggle and fight for it, as if it was
their own, and it they get it, they will w-e it as
their own, as we all well know Thus, tne whole
struggle tor ihe repeal resolves into a contest be-
tween the Government and all the productive and
business clashes on the one side, and ihe Federal po
lmcians, the rotten part ot the banks, and the advo-
cates for a National Bank on the other
bir, ihe Independent Treasury has been orga-
nized—I fay organized—for the law cieating it is
fi,ty-two years old—has been organized in obedi-
ence to the will of the people, regularly txpn sstd
through their representatives, alter the question hud
been earned to tbem, an I a general election hid
intervened The Sub-Treasury vas pi ope sed by
President Van Burén m 1^37 at the call d ^sion,
it was adopitd m 1840, ait r the question had beei
carried to the people, and the e'ections made o
turn upon it It was established, and clearly es a-
blished, by the will of the people Have thf r co-
pie condemned if By no means The Presidí n-
tial election was no test oí this que  101, nor ot
any question Tne election ot Gen Harrison was
effected by the union oí all paities to pull down
one party, wuhout any union among the assailants
on the question oí measures A candidale was se-
lected by the Oppositirn lor whom all ct «Id vole
Suppose a different selection hsd been made Sup-
pose a different candidaie had been cbo en, and lie
had been beaten two to one what then would have
besn the argument? Why, that the Sub-Tnasu.y,
and every othei measure of the Democr?cy, was
approved two to one ihe lcsult cf the feci i
admits otnoinferenceagairslthis system, anee i, d
not, without i.nputin¿ a tbou,. htle-s ver atility to
the people, which thtv do not pocse s I heir re
preventatives, in obediet ce to their wll, and on
full three years' deliberation, established the sys
tern in July, 1840 is it pos'ibie that, m four nomhs
atterwards—m Novmbei í i owirg—the same
people would condemn 'leircwivoi  '
But the syst w is to be al dished, a id ve fc to
take our chance tor sou.ethirg, o¡ nothir¿, n iht
place of it The aboh ie.ii is teti'iepl?oe n the
instant of the passage ot the t ill—s^-c i is trie--pint
of haired pgamst it, and the system is sti'l 10 be
going on, after it is abohsued, for some daj s 11 the
nearest parts, and some weeKb m the remotest par's,
of the Union. The Receiver General in St Louis
will not know of his official death antil ten days
after the event, m the mean time, he is acting un-
der the law, and all he does is void. So of the
rest. Not only must the system be abolished be-
fore a substitute is presented, but before the know-
ledge of the abolition can reach the officers who
carry it on, and who must continue to receive and
pay out moneys for days after their functions have
ceased, and when all their acts have become illegal
and void.
Such is, the spirit which pursues the measure—
such the vengeance against a measure which has
taken the money of the people from the hands of
the banks. It is the vengeance of the banking spi-
rit against its enemy—against a system which de-
prives th m ot their prey. Something must rise up
m the place of the abolished system until Congiess
provides a substi ute, and tnat something will be
the IomI banks which the Secretary ot the Trea-
sury may choose to se'ect Amoig fh^e local
banks stands that of tne Bank of ihe United Sta es
The rcneal of the Sub-Treasury has restored f at
institution to its capacity to become a de
pository of the public monejs, and well
and largely has she prepared he-rse'f to
receive them The Merchants Bank, her
agent in New Orleans, her branch, under the State
law, in New York, and her branches and agencies
in the South and West, enable her to take posses-
sion of the public moneys m all parts of the Union
That she expected to do so, we leam from Mr,
Biddle, aho considered the attempted resumption in
January Hst as unwise, becau e, in shown g the
broken con litinn ot the Bank, her claim to the de
pontes would breóme endangered Mr Biddle
shows that the depositee were to have bet n restored,
that, while in a state of suspension, his Bank was
as good as any In the dark all the cats are of a
color, as the Spanish proverb says, and m this
darkness the Bank of the United States found her
safety and her security and her neht to the resto-
ration of the lontT lost deposites The at'empt at
resumption ex"o en her emptiness and rottenness—
showed her to be the whited sepulchre, filled  with
dead men's bones    Liquidation was hpr cour>e__
the only honest—the only justifiable course In-
stead of that, she accepts new terms from the Penn-
sylvania Legislature—pretend  to continue to exist
as a banl, and, by trea'mg Mr Biddle as tbe Jonas
of the snip, when the whoie crew were Jonases,
expects to save herself by throwing him overboard.
That Bank is now, on the repeal of the Sub-Trea-
sury, on a level with the rest for the reception
of the public moneys. She is legally a
public depository, under the act of 1836, the mo-
ment she íesumes, dnd whtn he ''notes are shaved
in—a proeess i ow rapidly gc mg on—she may as
=eit pnd enfo ce her right She may resume for a
week ei a c onth to «et hoid of tne public monejs
By the lepeal, th n, the publii deposite  sn far as
Itw is cuneen ec!, aie íestored to the Bani? of the
UnileJ State When the Sena'e have this n ght
voted the repeal, they have also voted the restora-
tion of the c\po ites, and th°y have done it wil-
lingly and Umwinply, with their eyes open, aid
with the full view of what they were doing When
they voted down my proportion yesterday—a vole
in which all concurred en the other side, except the
Senator from Vngima, who sits nearest, [Mr. Ar-
chuii ]— when they voted down that pioposi ion to
exrlnfe the Bank ot trie United S'ates from ine h«t
rf depos le hinks borealtd, they of cour c ieclared
lhal she oiigT to ¡eirá n upon'be list, ¿nd a\iil
hersdf ot h r riti c und r fe re/ived act or 1S36
Ip votmf down that propo iti r, they voted up the
prosttate Bank of Mr Biddle, <md ace mpli^hed
¡he great object of the panic of 1833, 34—that of
censuring General Tackson, ard lestormg ihe dc-
po ites Ti'e act ei that greit man—ore of the
mils  patriotic and i bio acts of his bfe—the
act by fhich be "ved fony million" of dol-
lar to the Arner caí peop'e, <s ievei«el Tne
sicckholdeis pnd < editors of th° institu-
tion lose above fortv rr>!lions, which the peop'e
ohcrwi-e would have lost 1 hey lose the vhole
stock, thirty five millions, for it will not be wor'h
a s raw to those who keep it, and the only effect of
suppressing the rotten hst of debts—a suppression
in which it is mortifying to see a Southern gen-
tleman concurring—is to enable the jobbers and
gamblers to shove it off upon innocent and 'igno-
rant people. The stockholders lose the thirty-five
millions capital; they lose the twenty per cent ad-
vance upon that capital, at which many of the
later holders purchased it, and which is seven mil-
lions more; they lose the six millions surplus profits
which was reputed on hand, but which, perhaps,
was only a bank report; and the holders of the
notes lose the fifteen or twenty per cent, which the
notes of the Bank are now under par. These
losses make above forty millions. They now fall
on the stockholders and note holders where would
they hav fallen if the deposites had not been re-
moved' They would have fallen upon the public
Treasury—apon the people ef the Unned States—
for the public is always the goose which is to be
first p'uck"d. The public money would have
been taken to sustain the Bank, taxes would
have been laid to sustain her, the high tariff
would have been revived for her benefit.
Whatever her condition required would have
been done by Congress The Bank, with all its
crimes and debts—with all its corruptions and
plundering?—would have been saddled upon the
nation, its charter renewed—the people pillaged of
the forty millions which have been lost, Congress
enslaved, and a new career of crime, corruption,
and pmnder commenced The heroic patriotism
of Jackson saved us from this shame and loss, but
we have no Jackson to save us now, and milhonary
plunderers—devouring harpies—?ie again to
s'ize the prey which his patriotic arm snatched
from their insatiate throals.
The deposites are restored, so|Var as the vote
of the Senate goes, and, if not restored m
fact,it will be because policy and new schemes
forbid it. And what new scheme can we have.
A nondescript, her maphrodite, janus-faced fis-
cahty, yclept, the fiscal agent' or a third edition
of General Hamilton'  Bank' or a bastard com-
pound, the obscene progeny of both? Which
will it be' Hardly the first named. It comes
forth with the feeble and rickety symptoms of an
unr pe conception, and evidently destined to take
the last place in the race, or the fight' Will it be the
second' It will be that, or worst- and where will the
1 ate flatterers—the present revilers of Mr. Biddle—
the authors equally of the Bank that is ru-
ined, and of the one that is to be created—
where will they find better men to manage the next
than they had to manage the last' I remember the
time when the vocabulary of praise was exhausted
on Mr. Biddle—when m this chamber, and out of
it, the ceu er, heaped with mcense, was constantly
ktpt binning under his nose—when to hint re-
proach of him "vas to make, if not the thousand
chivdli.c swords leap from their scabbaids, at least
to make a thousand tongue=, and ten thousand
pens, start up to defend him. I remember the
íme when a Senatoi on th s floor, and now on it,
[Mr Psestoh,] declared in his place that the bare
annunciation ol Mr Biddle's name as Secretary
oí the Treasury would raise the value of the na-
t onal property one hundied m lhons of dollars.
My mend here on the rignt (pointing to Senator
Woodbury) a as then the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and a m°re substitution of the name of one
for tne other was to be worth one hundred mil-
lions of dofljis fo the country' What flattery
could rise h gher than that' Yet this man, once so
lauded—once so lollowed, fUctuea and loved—
new heo condemned by all his ormer friends.
Inej cannot oVnounce sufficiently the man whom
oi ce ney e. u'd ndt praise euougu, ana, after this,
whatconfmeme are we to have >n iheir judgments'
What confidence are we to place in their new
banli, and its new manygers, after seeing such mis-
takes abjut the fo rrei'
Let t not be said that the Bank went to ruin
s.nce it became a Staie icsti'ution The state
charier made no difference in its character, or in
its managemen', and Mr Biddle declared it to be
st onger and s*ier wuhout tne United States for a
partner than with them Tne mortal wounds wete
all given to it while it was a national institution,
and the ¡ate report of the stockholders shows not
one species of offence, the cotton speculations alone
