im> *841- __________________   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________________
27th Cong. .. 1st Sb&s.________Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.                                       -Senate.
excepted, which was not shown by Mr. Clayton's
report of 1832; and being shown was then defend-
ed by the whole power of those who are now
cutting loose from ¡he old Bank, and clamoring
for a new one. Not an act now brought to light,
save and except the cotton operation, not even that
for which Reuben M Whitney was crushed to
death, and his name constituted the synonyme of
perjury and nfamy for having told it; not an act
now brought to light which was not shown to exist
ten year  ago, and which was not then defended
by the whole Federal party, so that the pretension
that this institution d d well a¡> a National Bank,
and ill as a State one, is as unfounded m fact, as
it is preposterous and absurd in idea The
Bank was 11 the high road to ruin—111 the
gulf of insolvency—in the slough of crime and
corruption—when the patiiot Jackson signed the
veto, and ordered the remo/al of the deposites, and
nothing but these two greai acts saved ihe people
from tne lost, of the forty millions of dollars which
have no-v fallen upon the s ockholders and the note
holders, and from the shame of seeing tneir Govern-
ment the slave and instrument of ihp Bank Jack-
son saved the ptop'3 from this loss and their Go-
vernment from this degradation; and for this he 1$
now pursued with the undying vengeance of those
whose schemes of plunder and ambition were
balked by him.
Wise and prudent was the conduct of those who
refused to recharter the second Bank of the United
States. They profited by trw error of their friends
who refused '0 recharter the first one. These lat-
ter mads no preparations for the event—did nothing
to increase the constitutional currency—and did
not even act until the last moment. The renewed
charter was only refused a few days before the ex-
piration ol the existing charter, and the Federal
Government fell back upon the State banks, which
immediately sunk under its weight. The men ot
1832 acted very differently. The decided the ques-
tion of the renewal Ion? bafore the expira ion of
the existing charter. They revived the gold cur-
rency, which had been extinct for thirly jeais.
They increased the silver currency by repealing the
act of 1819 against the circulation of foreign silver.
They branched the m nts In a word they raised
the specie c irrency from twenty million*- to near
one hundred milhons of dollars and thus supplied
the country wish a constitutional currency to take
the placs of the Unite! Slates Bank now. The
supply was adequate, being nearly ten titnc.5 the
average cuculation of the National Bank Tha'
average circulation was but eleven railhcns of dol-
lars, the gold and silver was near one hundred
millions Tne success of our measures was com-
plete. The country was bappj and prosperous
under it, bm th^ a'chi ect« of mischief—ihe politi-
cal, gambling, and rotten ppn of the banks,
headed by the B, p'í oí the Uai ed States, and
aided by a pult'ical par'y, set to work to make
pan'c and disneas, to make suspensions and revul-
siois, to des roy trade and easiness to degrade
and pot on th° currency, io larass the country un-
til i1 would give them another National Bank, and
to charge all he much ef they created upon the
Demo^i'ic Ad .iims'ra' on This ha* been then
conduct, and having succeeded in the last residen-
tial election, they row come forward to seize the
spoils of victory m creating another National Bank,
to devour the substance of the people, and to rule
the Government 01 the r country. Sir, the suspen-
sion of 1837, on the ptrt of Ue Bank of the United
fatales and its confederate banks and politicians,
was a conspiracy and a revoit against the Govern-
ment The present suspension is a continuation of
the same revolt by the sam  part'es. Manv good
banks are overpowered by them, and forced into
suspension, bat with the Bank of the United States,
its affiliated bmks, and its confederate politicians,
it is a rcvt.lt and a conspiracy ag">inst the Govern-
ment.
Sir, it is now nightfall. We are at tne end of a
long day when the sun is more than fourteen hours
above the horizon, and when a suffociting heat
oppresses and overpowers the Senate. My mends
have moved adjournments- th^y have been refused.
I have been compelled to speak now, or never, and
from, tos commencement we may see the conclu-
8
sion. D.scussion is to be stifled; measures are to
driven through, a-'d a mutilated Congress, hastily
assembled, imperfectly formed, and representing
thecensus of 1830,not of 1840, is to mpnaele pos-
terity with institutions which are as abhorrent to
the Constitution as they are dangerous to the liber-
ties, the morals, and the property of the people.
A National Bank is to be established, not even a
simple and strong bank like that of General Ha-
milton, but some monstrous compound, born of hell
and chaos, more odious, dangerous, and terrible
than any simple bank could be. Posterity is to be
manacled, and delivered up in chains to this de-
formed monster; and by whom? By a rump Con-
gress, representing an expired census of the pen-
pie, in the absi^ee of members from States which,
if the y had their members here, vvouU still have
but 'he one ¡hird part of their proper w eight in the
councils of the Union The census of 1840 gives
many States, and Missouri among the rest, three
times their present relative weight, and "u perma-
nent measure ought to be^discussed until this
new relative weight should appear in Congress
Why take the census every ten year  it an expiring
representation at the end of the term may reach
over, and bind the increased numbers by laws
which claim immunity from repeal, and which
are rushed through without debate' Am I
to submit to such work? No, never' I will
war against the Bank you may estabbsh, whether
a simple ora compound monster, I will war against
it by every means known to the Constitution and
the laws I will vote for the repeal of its charter, as
General Harrison and others voted for ihe repeal
of the late Bank charter in 1819 I wi'l promote
quo warranlo's and mí fa's, against it. I will op-
pose its friends and support its enemies, and work
at its destruction in every legal and constitutional
way. I will war upon it while I have breath, and if
I incur political extinction in the contest, I shall
consider my political life well sold—sold for a high
price—when Iosl m such a cause.
But enougn for the present. The question now
before us is thj death of the Sub-Treasury. The
dücusT n of th s b rit'ite is a fair inquiry in this
question Weha^eari'ht to see what is to fol-
low, and to co-iipaic it with what we have But
gemlemui withhold their schemes, and we strike
in the dark. My preFent purpo c is to vindicate
the Independent Treasury sys'em—to free i! (rom
a false charae'er—to show it to be what it is, no-
thine; itit tl>° revival of the ta.o great acts of SepLmber
ihe 1st and Spetember the 2<¿, 1780, for the collection,
safe kesping, a id disbursement of the public moneys,
under which this Government wen* into operation,
and under which it opeiat d safely and sjcce«s-
ful'y until General Hamilton overthrew it to sub-
stitute the BAINK and STATE system of Sir Ro-
bert Walpole, wm h has been the curs« of Eng-
land, and towards which /eswe now huirying agd n
with head'ong steos and blindfold eyes.
The qucs'ion was at length 00'aineJ upon the
bi!\ aid i> was pa s d by the folk-* ^g vote.
YFA3—Me'ss Archer, Barrow, Ba^, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Chcate, Cay ot K mucky, O ^yton,
Dixrn, Evans Graham, Hrr)derson, HuMingion,
Ker, M?ngam, Merrick, Mn.er, Morchead Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Siiimons, Smith
of Indiina, Southard, Tallmadge, Whae, and
Woodbrii'ge—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulion, King, McRoberls, N'^o'ron,
Pierce, Seiner, Smith ot Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—18
And then (he Senate adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
Or NEW HAMPSHIRE
In Sena'e, Wednesday, June 16, 1841 —On the mo-
tion of Mr   Clay of  Kentucky to pn.it 1 500
copies of the report of ihe Seerctaiy of tn" Fiea-
sury on the finances.
Mr. WOODBURY addiessed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr President • I am opposed to this motion   I
would not waste the public money m printing and
disseminating among the people extra copies of a
S
report, which, from -orne cause or other, has un-
fortunately fallen into many errors, both as to facts
and principles. They are errors, too, s.r, neither
small in magnitude nor unimportant to the- main
business of this extraordinary session; at which are
recommended measures most dangerous to the rela-
tions now existing between the States and the Ge-
neral Government, as well as to the future liberties
of the American people.
I shall proceed to point out sime of them, fear-
le sly; but not from any captious sptnt, or any un-
friendly feeling. On the contrary, the task of fault-
finding is to me very painful, if not ungracious, and
will be carried no further than is necessary to the
discharge of a public duty; and a du'y from which
the suggest <>ns or threats that I shall be <m-
"icered, will not deter me a single moment It is my
desire to be replied to, as full and free discus-sion,
rather than stifling debate, is the life-blood of liber-
ty, and, if my opinions in íespect to the mistaken
contents of this report aie wrong, I am anxious
they should be exposed I seek light, and not
grounds for censure.
Once for all, likewise, let me tell gentlemen on
the opposite side, I am not going to dweil on mere
clerical errors in adding up numbers, much of
which, 111 a Department with two or three hundred
e'erks and nine or ten bureaus, must, of necessity,
be done by subordinates. On the contrary, I shall
endeavor to exercise a liberal charity; though a for-
mer Secretary of that Department has not always
met with similar indulgence from those opposed to
him; but has been hung up to the country as mud-
dy headed, a blunderer, and a blockhead, on account
ot language misquoted, and which he never used,
and an appropriation proposed to send him to
"chool to learn arithmetic, because one of his clerks
omitted a figure, or the printer mistook a figure m
the manuscript.
In relation to another grievous charge—that for-
mer fiscal statements had sometimes been obscure
—a charge quite as often made against Hamilton
himself in his day—did it never occur to the ima-
gination of such croakers that part of the obscurity
might exist in their own brains, and happen either
from ignorance or inattention to such a complicated
and difficult subject?
I will not, therefore, even try to imitate any of
this kind of extraordinary courtesy exhibited by
them, but will say, what is true concerning
mjst errors of that description—they are at times
inevitable in such numerous detiila,, devolved on
others, and that the present Secietary will be cen-
sured by me only when his material rcults are
wrong, his leading principles wr mg, or his im-
pressions are negligently communicated to others,
and are tnus doing wrong for instance, m the
outset I would observe, that in the Senate copy of
ihts report a statement appeal-, that the outstand-
ing appropmtions on the 4'b of March, when the
present Admm strauon came uto power, were
ihirty-thiee millions and 1 trac ion But in tru'h
hii own iteras ariount to que a mi'hon more.
Now this is probably a mistake in addition only.
Again his hem for civil and diplomatic expenses,
in reaching thn aggregate, is 111 this copy six mil-
lions and a fraction, while m the copy printed by
ihe House of Representatives it is quite a million
less. This may charitably be presumed a mistake
in copying Again: be twice states in the Senate
copy the receipts in the first tv 0 months of this
year frcm the United S'ates Bank, being over
ssventeen thousand, whereas they could not, in
truth, be but once, and are but oi>re added up.
1 should feel as if losing some selfre$peet to run
off in a train of severe invective for these errors.
I am for higher game. It would be only a great
many such error? that would justly tend to detract
from the weight of the whole report, to far as they
indicated haste, much madveitcnce, or little atten-
tion to accuracy, either in ihe head or limbs of the
Department.
Another apology, m one sense of the word, is
due for both the Secretary and Pre id?nt, on ac-
count of their being somewhat new md inexpe-
rienced in office, though it certainly would behoove
them, under such circumstances, to exercise unu
sual vigilance to avoid errors ana not, like the
Secretary, to travel almost out of the road, and go
