APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841 .
S7th Cono....1st Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.-
into certain uncalled for calculations of receipts
and expenditures for a quarter of á century, fur no
possible object, which I can divina, except the
partisan one of casting reproach on his immedia'e
predecessors. If he had leisure for this, it might
perhaps have been quite as usefully devoted to
making his figures and calculations, ia respect to
the great objects of this session, a little more accu-
rate |han I shall feel compelled soon to show them
to be.
, Iodeed some charity might still be due on another
accouDt; that is, the manner in which their friends
represent them to have been interrupted and in-
commoded by the irruption of vandal hordes of
office seekers, coming from that disinterested party
which so abhors the doctrine, that to ihe uic/orsfee-
long the spoils. They are represented as more vo-
racious for office than the most famished harpies,
and to have helped destroy already one President,
and if not made of iron, will embitter the life of
his successor. If this account be true, both the
President and Secretary require some forgiveness
for financial mistakes, paiticularly as their position
may impose other employments on thcm.and not yery
consistent with close attention to financial details,
and not very different from what Lord Bolingbroke
writes to Sir William Wyndham wa> the situation
©f his party and cabinet when it came into power.
He says:
"The principal spring of our actions was to have the go-
vemmentoftheState in ournands;thatour principal viewswere
the conservation of this power, great employments to our-
.selves, and great opportunities of' rewarding those who have
helped to raise us, and of harming those who stood in opposition
to us."
It will be proper often on this occasion to advert
tí the meseage, to see whether it throws any new
light on the report, where obscure or doubtful—if it
be possible for a document 10 be of that character
which has been so much commended by its friends
for accuracy, and what they classically term ''in-
telligibility" and being "understandable."
But the President seems, m such state-
ments, to be peculiarly entitled to indulgence;
because, as a general rule, he must obtain his de-
tails and conclusions on fiscal matters from the
appropriate organ, which is the Treasury Depart-
ment; and he refers expressly to "the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury" tor his daia.   (Page 3.)
The President, however, may well be considered
responsible for any mistaken general principle he
urges oa these matters, but no further. And to
that extent, in a few instances, I shall be obliged
lo question at least his political orthodoxy on sume
points in the course of this unpleasant discussion.
In making a scrutiny of this report, and the fis-
cal partsof the message, the public time s-hall not
be wasted by me, on wha'. is not vitally essential
to the whole object, end, and aim of this extraor-
dinary session.
Why then are we now deliberating here at this
most busy and interesting season of the year! The
country is breathless with expectation to see with
some certainty the appalling cause. Why have
we been summoned from our ploughs, our profes-
sional pursuits, our hearths, and our altars, except
on account of some unexpected and astounding
difficulty, either in the finances or our foreign re-
lations, menacing ruin or war? If moneyed
matters stood on the 17th March, the date of
the call, as they did on the 1st of that
month, why did not Congress provide for an
extra session, if one was deemed neces?ary?
Why was not one moved in that body, and the
reasons for it assigned? But, no. When none
had been even proposed in Congress, and two days
after the celebrated panic instructions to ihe At-
torney General in McLeod's case, there bursts sud-
denly on the American world, the proclamation
for this session. How happened th.s? Had the
timorous feeling, which some have suppose! dic-
tated those instructions, not subsided? And was
Congress to be summoned in reality on that ac-
count, but in appearance on account of fiscal diffi-
culties then or soon apprehended? Did this Ad-
ministration tremble lest our old oppressors, who
had long before murdered our peaceful citizens, and
burnt our property, should suddenly make war on
us, instead of we on themt and that after they had
avowed and justified the barbarous outrage, and
the Executive  had  stipulated to do   all in its
power to comply with their imperious wishef?
Did 't hasten to call this session for relief and ad-
vic. ? After first agreeing to give up one of the
offenders as soon as practicable, and nut merely
to protect htm as a bo-.tagi  or prisoner of wai?
Did it tamely engase to suirecder ihegtceonading
culprit, without first receiving explanation or
atonement, either indemnity for the past or secu-
rity for the future?
Sir, the ashes of John Hancock and Samuel
Adams, could they have heard the proposition in
the stillaeis'of their tombs, would have started to
life wuh indignant remonstrance.
But if this or any other extraordinary cause, ex-
cept the finances, then existed, and was tre chief
cause, and has since passed away, it would have
been manly and proper, if deemed, competent, to
have revoked the summons ior the session, or it
would be well now to close it by an early ad-
journment. But if there was then some fiscal dif-
ficulty, of sufficient magnitude alone to justify all
ibis inconvenience of forcing six tr seven States
into premature election.*, virtually disfranchising
two States that have not been able yet to make
e!ections, and impo&ing an^expen-e on ihe Treasu-
ry of more than half a million of dolUrs, ihen let
us see what it was. There was, to be sure, one ap-
palling discovery about that important era,
in comection with the Treasury Depart-
ment; but I believe that all the evils connected
with it were overcome before nightfall, a^d that
without the help of any extraordinary session of
Congress. The President, it is understood, believ-
ing, from some contemptible spy, that some of the
old officers were committing errors in pasving; an
account, resorted to the very novel and military
measure of stopping, by his simple fiat, the whole
'.peratinns of that Department. The Snb-Tressn-
ry, as well as the settlement of accounts, came to
a dead hilt, without trie help of the bill of repaal
irom the Senator from Kentucki, and an act
fur which G-sneral Jackson would hive been as-
sailed throughout the Union, and mipeaiiied here
—an act to suspend all the fiscal laws, instead of
seeing that they be executed, was so soon found to
be unnecessary, illegal, and unconstitutional, as to
be revoked early, and the origin of it not now pre-
tended to be one of ¡hose "weighty matters" which
have, led to tliis early meeting.
What, then, were those matters "principally per-
taining (as the proclamation says) to the finances
and revenue of ths country?" Was it some mon-
strous "arrearage of fjriy tnilUens" that should be
immediately discharged, and ab.>ut which ihe ru-
mors and grave calculations had puzzlui soran
gieat financial brains in and out cf Cocgres  for
seveial months previous? Konj, none. Even
now, after three quarters of a year in p s«e.\s:on of
the books and files, it is admitted by the Secreta-
ry thai there was then a balance on hand of money
and other resources amply sufficient lo meet all ar-
rearages then or since existing. And here I must
express my obligations perjonally to the Secretary
for having now made public, officially, ihe impor-
tant fact that more money was found to be on
hand ihe 4th of March than was estimated by his
predecessor. This appeared, also, cleaily, cither
from thoie old books, which seemed so very ob-
scure last winter to the financial talents of some
Senators, or from those notable nets books which
were opened, and, by some Whig msgtc, were to
detect all kinds of embezzlement and villany.
By table B, annexed to this report, it seems that
from fifty lo seventy thousand dollars mora money
was likewise ascertained lo be in the Treasury than
the accounts lequired. Gratifying result, certainly__
amost comi-cendable kind of dedication—after all
the calumnious rumors as to high peculations
bruited over the country then and since.
Next let me inquire, if there was any deficit on
the 17th of March, when this session was sum-
moned?
1 invite any gentleman on the Committee of Fi-
nance to point it ont, if stated in the report. There
is none. Butlwillteil you what is found there
instead of it—no deficit then whatever.
Was there any deficit on the 30th of May—the
day we met? None. But the Secretary and
President admit two to three millions of avail-
able resources on hand, besides the accruing reve-
nue?
Is there any deficit now? Far from it. I ask,
once more, then, why we are convened at an ex-
traordinary seasoi.? and at great inconvenience and
cost? It is, forsooth, that die Secretary gaesses or
estimates, that by the lat of September there will
be some deceit, and, by the close of the year, a
farther small addition to it; and, consequently, that
it might be piudent to provide for them some
months in advance. Concede this mode of arguing
to be right, if the deficit was certain, yet, a session,
not so early by t*o months, could have been soon
enough to remove tie evil, ar;d allowed longer time
to complete elections. Besides this, the supposed
deficit then, or at the c'o-e of the year, is ^entirely
uncettam. It is dependant upon at! under estimate
of some receipts, and on a system of premature
expenditures of existing appropriations, as well as.
an overestimate of others to bring it about, and
an addition to them of new appropriations, not
yet sanctioned by Congress.
Whether this deficit, then, is likely to happen
under existing appropriations, is a matter of sheer
conjecture, and as to which we have not every
light, which was to be expected m a communica-
tion which loons so lucid to its friends as this re-
port. When the Secietary had facts as to the past
three months, cone-rning both their receipts and
expenditures, he gives us not a syllable in rebtion
to them. But where he had no facts in relation to
the next three months, he gives us many hypothe-
tical calcBlations, and guesses, without communi-
cating to us either the experience of the past to
rectify estimates of the future, or the grounds of
woat appears to be one of the most cxtraordinaiy
attempts ever made to form a deficit on paper,
which ought not to happen.
I do not mean tobeundeistoodby this, that it will
not in reality happen; because a <if/¡ci¿ can always be
made on adhlatit day, when the balance on hand
is small, and it can easily be accomplished by
pushing prematurely and lavishly every possible
expenditure—by making hasty contracts—and by
giving large advances to disbursing agents. But
the great inquiry, in examining whether this early
session is necessary, must be—could not a deficit
well and easily have been avoided, not only in
September, but even till the usual period of the
session of Congress? and thus the country been
saved all the cost, inconvenience and other evils
incident to the present meeting? 1 undertake to
sjy ihat, on the Secretary's own showing, no defi.
cit would exist under any appropriations made be-
for<" we were summoned, or evrn now,, except to
the eitent of one or two mühonj of dollors, in-
stead cf more than five millions as he computes
it. Because, in order to conjure up his large defi-
cit, he has to add for appropriations not yet made,
the expenses of this very session, and which must,
of courss, be justified by a deficit existing inde-
pendent of it, if at all. He has to add, also, other
new appropriations, amounting with this to more
than three millions of dollars. Ia this last way
also, it must be seen there is no trouble on any oc-
casion, whenever a deficit is wanted, to fix the
time at some distance, and call an intermedi-
ate session, and make new appropriations enough
lo produce the deficit desired.
In this way, a deficit for th'rteen or thirty mil-
lions can as easily be estimated and produced as
one of five millions, like that on this occasion. The
Secretary may be entirely innocent of any such
views, and may carelessly be pushed into this by
the importunities and plausibilities of others pro-
fessing laudable o'.jects. Bat if yoy calculate his
supposed deficit on only existing appropriations, it
dwindles to about two miliums on ¡is face, and as Í
shall attempt to show hereafter, if deducting furtoer
manifest excesses in expenditure, and adding ma-
nifest _ deficiencies in receipts, there would be no
deficit whatever, but a balance of from one to two
millions in Ihe Treasury on the 1st of September.
To be sure, as before remarked, this balance can
be defeated; but I will demonstrate that, if the ex-
penditures have, since the 4th of March, and shall
till the 1st of September, be kept down to fa
usual and proper amount on the whole existing ap
