June, 1841:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong....1st Skss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
Senat^.
propnations, it would not be probable, and hardly
possible, to make a dtfioit
As difficult would it be found, also, to make one
for the whole year. And I go into this, be-
cause some gentlemen may argue, that it is not now
too soon to provide lor one likely to happen at any
time before the year elo.ee. Gcant, then, for the
sake of the present examination, that this last rea-
soning is plausible, and yet it will be found, on a
little scrutiny of the report, that there is no more
likelihood of any deficit for the year, than for ihe
next three momhs, unless, as before remarked in
respect to that, the Secretary produces it by unjus-
tifiably large expenditures on existing appropria-
tions, or we, ourselves, hereafter produce it by our
new and additional appropriations
But before entering into a critical exmmation of
the character and amount of these supposed deficits
hereafter—none having jet occurred) as both ihe
report and message admit—let us inquire a moment
whether any debt has occarred, which is due, so as
to have required this early session' and, if so,
what is its real amount under all ths exaggerations
which have been circulated in stump speeches, and
m Congress, also, as well as mentioned in some
parts of thio grave official document. I ask for
proofs of the amount of the debt.
Gentlemen, here, must know well the difference
between a debt and a deficit, though they have often
been loosely or designedly confounded elsewhere.
Tnus, there may be a debt, but no deficit because
the debt is not yet due or payable. Of coarse it
cannot help to make a deficit, till it become paya-
ble, and there can be no necessity for convening
Congress to provide for it till it becomes due, or
nearly due. Much less is it necessary to call
an extraorumary sts ion, wh«n no change as to Ihe
amount or charac er of tne debt existing before the
adjournment of the last Congie*-  or on the 4ih of
March, has taken place sinct.
í aver that it La not pretended by the Secre-
tar) , in the introductory portion of his. report, that
there was any debt ihen payable, whether tempo-
rary or permanent, which he did not possess ample
means to di charge. What debt there wa<, con-
sisted of Treasury notes, equalling, in old and new,
from five to six millions, and of these not a dollar
was then pajaole and demanded, which had not
been paid. Ifihere had been, he possessed, in order
to discuarge them, nearly six millions of means in
money, and authority to issue other notes.
Nor were many of them to become payable by
ihe 17th of March, wfeen  e wert- su amone I, nor
by ihe 30th of May, when we met He had more
means tban were sumci nt to discharge all which
were dns and presented even before this session be-
gan, and to pay all other expenses, and have left
over two millions of resources besides the accruing
revenue.
Thus, m the 4'h page, (edition by the House,)
he says that, late aa the "l^t of June" he had
lands in the Treasury, as per statement C,
$644,361 16
And a power to issue Treasury note-,
authorized bv ihe act oí   15 h  of
February, 1841    -           -            1505,943 91
These  constitute   existing   means,
equal to    -           -           -          p 150,305 07
Tnere is no pretence, therefore, ot any mere
debt then &ue, wbicn required this early call of
Congress The Secretary hmself denits and re-
futes any such p jsition in his fl'st sta'emen <•, pnd
as to any debts which might exist and fall due
next year, i'would have been in full «a<on to
provide k* mem at the regular sess.on. Accord-
ingly the first syllable we hear m the report about
a debt due, is at the bottom of tbe 3d paae,
where he so very intelligibly, ab to the amount of
it for the yeai 1841, -.peaks ot Treasury noies ' re-
ceivab'e for public du s m the present year or pay-
able in 1842," and, b¡ means of more than six
millions of those, he adds, "making an aggregate
of debt, and deficit to be provided for in this and
the ensuing year, of $12,088,215 18." This is
very clear, I suppose, to his friends on the other
side of the House ab to the amount of the debt
falling due m 1841. It so, how much is it? Will
any gentleman favor us with the amount?   None.
Why? Because, in truth, it does not appear that a
dollar of it is a debt due in 1841. ft is confessed-
edly an ag rega e made up not of dt.bts, bin of
debt anldeftcit togjihei, and not ff debt for 1841,
but ot debt and deficit for ' this and the ensuing
year " When you analyze it, hide doubt can ex-
ist from the other details given, that most of that
part of it consisting of debt, does not fall due till
1842, and could then be early enough provided
for, if not extinguished before, by the accruing re-
venue. This meeting of Congress then, as neces-
sary to provide for a debt due now, or even in Sep-
tember, is delusive This reason offered for it by
its íriendv,make¿ it suicidal—a feto de se. But I
am willing to admit that afterward-) m the report,
bearing on this point oí some debt due in 1841, the
Secretary talks «.o as ihrow more mystery over it
Whether he does this through careles mess or other-
wise, the Senate must in the end judge- At the
c'ose of the 4ih page, when os the previous page
he had expressly admitted that the deficit for the
whole year was only about six miil'ons, or, in h s
own words,' leaving unprovided for of ihe de-
mands for the present %ear tbe sum of $6 000 941
14," he observes, that he makes "an aggregate" of
deficit for only the next three months of more than
nine millions Tms is very extraordinary on its
face, that the deficit in a quarter of a year should
be nine mdlioBS, or greater than in the whole year'
But it may be possible. He next adds a remark
"as to the mode of providing for the above deficit,
together with the residue ot ihe exis mg public
debt " He thus ^dmi's and recogm«e«, as he did on
the other page, the dis motion between deficit and
debt, and pioceeds at once lo a compulation of re-
ceipts and expenditures since 1816, and more espe-
cially of ihe lait four years, for no jus fiable tb-
]-c> con íected wi h this session or with tf>e fisC3l
deficit and dibt he ws considering, unless it was
to s'¡ow a still fur "qer or larger difiut or debt.
Accordingly, in his conclusions, a'tei the c unpan-
*on is made, he adds, as to the last four years-, that
"ihere appears an excess of expenditure over the
current revenue of $31,310,014 20 " Then, afier
sf-me words in bracket , he immediately says,
"Thus and to this extent, within the last four year*,
were the expenditures pushed beyond the amount
of the revenue." He speaks, next and further of
being "burtaened with a debt incurred in time of
peace"—about augmenting "iftaf debt"—of its be-
ing an "increasing national debt"—<ind of taking
"efftciual meas.ures to prevent its further augmen-
tation."
Now, I ask gentlemen for mforma'ion, if he
is not uud r tood by some of ihem OTe to mxan by
the debt, the uuny-one millions and more li  had
jun bsen speaking of, as an excess of expenditures
by the past Adminwirauoa i That sum immedi-
ately precedes, and with the nine millions deficit m
the three months just before nsmfd, would hold up
ti the country ihe who'e of ihe colobsal debt or
'ariearages of forty millions," about which hs
party had said and ..ung so much duung the pre-
cedmg mx months.
If all ho íriíndb do not so understand him—and
his report is piai ed by them as be ng very " «i-
derslandahle"—let me tell tram, that n any ot their
po.iucal faith do so understand him, and aie now
on the wing, of the pres*, wafting to every hill and
valley in th>s widely expended ct untry, thst this
identical ihirty-one minions is the debt crea ed by
the pas AiliniBiatid ion Tne/ say mat Mr. Eu-
in¿ s ) dicl-res it to be— bat tm- is whet he rec >m-
mends o bt/wniiei—and je-ic this, ard the nine
millions supposed defk.it, would make ail the mam-
moih foity million^, vhich had been so often pre-
dicted.
This morning—fro~n sevcrd such allegations in
his own partem press—one of hi  -"-dent fr ends —
an editor ot long and high standing, as we 1 as edu
cation, and recently a Sia e Senator—sei.ds to me
this pnnifd notice ot this part of the Treasury re-
port
"Fiom the 1st of January, 1837 to the 4th ofMaich, 1841,
there appeals an excess of expenditures over current revenue
of THIRTY ONE MILLION, THREE HUNDRED AND
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS
Trien, after afsw furiher remarks, he adds:
" This is the national debt—the legacy of Van Buremsm
Mr Ewmg calk u so rightly.    He recommends that it be
funded
It is remarkable, that soon afterwards,  the re-
port, is a separate head, entitled "public <feW,"aná
under it are a page or two of observationsj bui in
no part of them does be state the amount of the
public debt, except as to be inferred from this thfrty-
one millions, and the readers of tbts "readubk" do-
cument, as his friends call it, are flung back to
this thirty-one millions as the true amount, which
they say he recommends to be funded. At least
his own political partisans out of Congress say
that is the true amount, as they understand htm,
and as they, no less than he, were doubtless very
anxious to have verified. Then again, says
another of the modern Whig presses, this very
week, referring 10 this very report:
"Theie appear^ to be a deficiency of revenue of about
$11000 000, and a debt of $31,000,000, wmch may be augment-
ed at the close of the year "
So once more-
"Again il we are to be íeheved of the existing debt o{
$40 000 000, theie should be a further augmentation to the re
venue of some millions, for the purpose of gradually Clearing
off that mcumbiance "
And another-
' &3—We wish to confine the thoughts of all our readers to
one great point this week—the condition of the United States
Treasury—and the amount of Mr V-in Buren's national
debt—his legacy to the people—more than thirty osb $m>
lions "
Another, going down even toMr.Ewing's cents,
says-
"Keep it before the people—That it is now officially an-
nounced, that the national debt incurred by Mr Van Buren,
dunns ihe lour years of his administration, amounts to thirty-
one millions three hundred and ten thousand fourteen-doL
tars and twenty cents "
But enough out of a myriad of such bla ders.i
This, then, is the place, and proper occasion, to
correct these scandalous errors, derived from
this very document, by the Secretary's own
friends I will endeavor to set history right
on this point, before 1 sit down. Tnese statements
as to the contents of ihe report, must be either true
or faLe I ask, then first, will Mr. Ewmg's sup-
porters on this floor admit that a single one of these
statements, made by his and their friends, is true?
On the contrary, must they not declare that their
own íiiendí, led into error by the Secretary him-
self, are publishing the foulest rnisrepreseniatioos
of the truth? If they so declare, then let me ask
what a beautiful illustration this collision and con-
tradiction in their own ranks furnish of the boasted
clearness and accuracy of this report! for if the
debt already crea ed be not thirty-one millions, ac-
cording to Mr Ewmg's views, as understood out
of Congress, it must be only aboat ux millions, as
that is the only other sum, in any othf-r portion of
the report, íeíerred to by hua as ihe amount of the
debt. It would, then, foliow, first, lhat this docu-
ment had been drawn up with such spe6ial care
and clearness as to cause an impression among his
own party different from the truth, in the enor-
mous amount oí near twenty five millions of dol-
íais 1 This, too, m a matter most vital to our pre-
sent meeting—deliberation and ac ion—the amount
of the public debt which we are realty requested to
have funded. It is, too, it a mistake, and not in-
tended to exhibit the thirtj-one millions as a debt,
a mistake which has led some of his friends to bs-
Ueve tnat all the coloring, exaggerations, and ca-
lumny agaiist me past Administration for having
created a debt of thutj to forty millions, was now
discovered, iva proved by official data to be true
as the gospel of Chu.t, instead oí being false as the
AlCLraa.
Bui on the supposition that theSectetary possibly
did mean to couvey the idea, and does convey it
clt-any, as many of his party allege, that the
thirty-one millions is the debt inherited from tbe
past Administration, and to be now "funded," let
U4 examine for a moment the base and shallow
pretences for such an idea We shall at least do
one benefit by it, if successful. We shall force his
friendo htre to admit that there is no such debt,
and that for political purposes a vile and monstrous
exaggeration has bten resorted to by their own
party.
It this thirty-one millions be a debt, to whom
then are we to issue the scrip or certificates of
stock, when it is funded under the funding schemes
of the! new dynasty' Of the whole amount one
item of near nine millions is moneyjcoliected chief-
ly from|the United States Bank, on Account of
