S8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841."
,5&7xn Cong.- «'1st Sess.
Heport of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
either of these points—either judging from the re-
. port or from personal communication? They are
data, much needed to facilitate forming a judg-
ment on the correctness of some of bis other com-
putations.   JMone can give them.
Let us then examine what we have got on the
amount of those supposed deficits, and see what ap-
pears te be its character, whether fully reliable
x>r otherwise. Are all the sums on which his cal-
culations rest, stated accurately by bim and the
President, the latter of course taking his data from
the former? Are there no material mistakes ap-
pearing on the face of the report and message in
matters connected with the deficit as well as some
of the general estimates and general conclusions?
I speak not now of the mistakes perhaps in addi-
tion, or in printing, of quite a million in two places,
nor of sums repeated and doubled, for such
mistakes, as before remarked, may be entirely
clerical or typographical, and are not be treated
with harshness. Bat how is it as to other
. and material errors, that cannot, in the nature
of things, have any such apology, and that
bear directly on the examination before us?
Thus, in the first place, (3d page,) the Secretary
gives tha balance of money on hand which he
started with on the 4th of March, and which is one
of his means to prevent a deficit. He states it at
$572,718; but on the 3d page he states it at
$646,803, or a difference of $74,085; while he gives
the balance to the President, who says (page 3d)
that he gets it "from the report of the Secretary of the
TreMwry," at a third amount different still, viz:
$645,000.
Seme explanation can perhaps be attempted for
some of the differences, but it will be rather diffi-
cult to show that each of the three different balances,
and all of them, can be correct. Certainly one of
• them, which is said to be taken from the Sf cretary's
report, is not in the report now, and it cannot be
pretended that any of them re'ate to different times,
as each expressly refers to the 4th day of March.
Again: the Secretary makes the deficit for this
year—a most important inquiry—to be $6,000,941,
while the President has a statement to s-how it to
be $11,406,000, or a difference of #5,406,059.
These also refer to the same date or period. But
if this error be admitted, and an explanation be
offered that the President meant to include the debt
not due till another year, but created in 1811, and
omitted to be properly described, then this will be
only exchanging one error for another; because the
Secretary pronounces that debt and deficit io be
$12,088,215, which is still a difference of $682 215
. from the President. The items of the President,
also, on this point, present still a third error, as
they show a deficit of only $9,540,000, including
Treasury notes; or his difference from bis aggregate
statement of $1,866,000. Of this I can imagine no
explanation, which does not end in a new differ-
ence or blunder. Tne Secretary saya, again, that
there will be required, from the 1st of J upe to the
31st of August, «• for the payment of Treasury
notes which will fall due within that time, and the
interest thereon, about $9,756,900." This is one
of the essential items to create hi< deficit. But the*
President, in his message, under dale of the lit
of June, and of course covering exactly the same
period to a day, says, " There will fall due wiihin
the next three months Treasury notes of the issues
of 1840, including interest, about $2,850,000"
This makes a discrepancy of #93,100. There is
no mistake in additions, or by clerks, and no dif-
ferent dates, but the same period embraced explicitly
in both statements.
Again, the Secretary estimates the expenses for
ttie next three months, a most material point, at
$11,151,693, while the President is led to make
tbem $11,340,000, and he explicitly adopts the same
three months, from the 1st of June to the last of
August. This is a difference of $188,307; and he
Bia&es, another and second error here in siatirg or
putting his items together of quite $96,000, as those
stated equal only $11,244,000. 1 can divine no
possible explanation for this, as it relates to expend-
itures and not to receipts. The next and last mis-
take in figures on the face of the report and me--
sage, which I shall notice, is in the aggregate of the
imputed deficit at the end of thos« three months—
the great object of our extraordinary call, and where
accuracy was most eminently desirable. The Se-
cretary calls it $5,251 388, while the President states
it at $4,845,000, or a difference of $406,388; and
there is also another difference between his items
and his sum total of #45,000. Now, I admit that
here, and here for the first and only time, the Pre-
sident, as to the means on hand, speaks of the 28th of
Mav, thus referring as to his balance and the amount
of Treasury notes on hand, when the Secretary re-
fers to the 1st of June. But if we examine the
items, and an allowance be made for that diffe-
rence, it only plunges tbem into another error ef
$92,207 totally inexplicable. It leads, likewise,
to the detection of still a third mistake under this
head, in the estimates of receipts for those three
months. Both refer, then, to the same period and
dates exactly; and yet the Secretary's reewpts are
$50,000 less than those stated by the President.
But I will pursue thiis scrutiny no further, though
there be still other differences of some thousands of
dollars between their statement of the amount of
Treasury notes to be redeemed after the 4th of
March, and between the body of the report and the ta-
ble annexed. Enough has been disclosed to show what
is my chief object in the exposure at all; how great
haste and inattention have, from some cause or other,
attended the preparation of this report, or the most
material points in it, and attended thecommun.ci-
tion of the Secretary's results to the President as
the data for the financial statements of ihe latter.
This cutting down, and* cutting up, and cutting
aside so much from the facts in figures, is cutting
raiher a poor figure; certain it is, that all these
contradictory results cannot be correct. The Se-
na'e will hardly be surprised, after this list of
errors, and discrepancies, and contradictions, many
of them alone equalling in amount the whole
State taxes of several States for several years, to
find that the Secretary appears also to have omitted
separately, if not entirely, in his exhibit for the
three months the further expenses which the Presi-
dent includes separately for the census; amounting
to $294,000, and for the year, both that and the
expenses of this session; making an aggregate of
#644,000. On the ether hand, also, the President
seems to have omitted separately, both in his state-
ment for ihe three months, as well as the year, the
expenses for this session, which the Secretary in-
cludes separately for the three months, but omits
wholly "for thfi year. This amounts to another
error of 350,000 in the messag?.
Of course no improper design in this, is imputed,
though the topic of an extra session was doubtless
a sore and an unpleasant one to the President,
more especially as it is likely in reality to cost over
half a million, and was not the offspring of his de-
liberations.
But the matter is alluded to merely as another
illustration of the precipitancy and want of care
evinced in reaching their important financial re-
sults, connected with the great objects of action at
this session.
Is it probable after this, that those results them-
selves are accurate, or any thing approaching
infallibility?
Is it not likely that the same, or similar errors
may have crept into these great results them-
selves, and tha computations leading io them?
But let us try and see the truth in the dala—im-
perfect and questionable as they are, which have
been placed before us.
In the first place, we will take the Secretary's
"estimated deficit," as he calls it, for the whole year.
Now, one of the most important items in this, to
swell it doubtfully, is the last one, being four mil-
lions of dollars for a surplus in the Treasury. Can
it be possible that the Secretary supposed we should
blindly consider this a deficit, when the item is
not a debt due to any body, nor even an appropri-
ation existing, but merely a sum which it would,
m his opinion, be convenient to have on deposite
in his new fiscal Bank, to be used by it without in-
terest, at our expense? I shall not here enter into
the wisdom of his recommendation, as it is enough
to say on this occasion, that the four millions is
neither a debt nor a deficit that required this session
to be held, and probably never will be one. We
fallback, then,oa the Secretary's previous "debt
and deficit to be provided for in this and the ensuing
year of $12,088,215." In the outset as to this, it
is admitted by him, that $6,087,274 of the aggre-
gate does not fall due till the ensuing year, and
consequently no occasion existed for an extraordi-
nary session now to fund it, or provide for its dis-
charge. But, beside this, it is manifest that, if the
temporary debt of about six millions, not due till
next year, is all created this year, by issuing sa
many new Treasury notes, it will be to pay off
among other charges before included in his aggre-
gate for the next ten months after the 4th of March,
near five millions of old Treasury notes. Then if
you add the amount of the new notes to the debt or
charges, you should subtract the old ones, which
are nearly as great. We cannot owe for both at
one and the same time. The balance remaining,
then, being $6,000,941, is the only deficit which
probably will exist at all, and certainly all which
he considers as likely to press on the present year.
The first fact noticeable in that is, the incorpora-
tion into it of new appropriations asked for the
War Department, equalling $2,521,336. These
may never be appropriated by Congress, and of
course were no deficit in March Tast^ nor are they
now, nor need they have been the present year,
and hence, in the present inquiry, should be de-
ducted. This would leave less than three millions
and a half.
Now, without dwelling on small matters, in
swelling or inflating the estimated expenses of the
year under existing appropriations, for the public
service, independent of the redemption of Treasury
notes, I stale, with confiience, that the Secretary
has assumed an expenditure of the year higher
than is usual in the new and permanent appropria-
tions chargeable to this year, by quite four millions
and a half. This is a million more than all which
is left of his computed deficit for the year.
Thus the expenditures in any year will, as be-
fore remarked, generally fall short, rather than ex-
ceed the aggregate of new and permanent appro-
priations for that year. I have traced them back
for six or seven years, and the results are of that
character in the table before me, with only one ex-
ception. Again, in these volumes before me, are
the estimated expenditures of 1824, selected at ran-
dom, and the estimated appropriations .to be made,
with the addition of the permanent ones, and the
difference between them is only a few thousand
dollars; and so near do they usually approach,
that the ¡estimate of expenditures, excluding tha
debt, was for a time identical, unless in some
extraordinary event, that was explained, with
what was computed to be the amount of the
new and permanent appropriations. But has
the Stcretary, in estimating so as to find a deficit
at the end of the year, respected, in the slightest de-
gree, this guide of experience for half a century?
No, sir; but, on the contrary, he has computed his
expenditure's under the existing appropriations, ex-
clusive of the debt, at quite four and a half mil-
lions more than the amount of the new and perma-
nent appropriation, that have become chargeable
in 1841. There is no escape from this conclusion,
and the force of it. Allowance may be made for
some contingencies, and for some postponed appro-
priations from 1840 to 1841, under which one-fourth
of a millionimore might otherwise have been expend-
edin 1840. But they would not all materially swell
the expenses much, if any, beyond twenty millions;
and if they ar  pushed beyond that, as they may
be, by hastening public works prematurely, or
cro wding sail in every section, at the request of
this friend and that in or out of Congress, and for
all kinds of purposes, getting out yearly as much
public money a? possible by advances into the
h-mds of contractors and disbursing agents, who
place the money in favorite banks near, then, I
say, the deficit will be caused unnecessarily. It
will be forced, whatever may be the impulse or
motives and will, and should furnish no justifica-
tion for complaint of the past Administration on
account of it, or a resort to this extraordinary ses-
sion, to provide-for it.
It will, also, under this reform Administration,
increase the expenditures under existing appropria-
tions three millions beyond the maximum intended
by the last one, and if we give the other new ones
