June, 1841.
27th Cok©.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Case of McLeod—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
chance or fortune has put into our hands, and to
make a virtual, if not actual surrender, of all claim
to redress whatsoever.
The law of nations is clear, and the law of the
patriot heart is equally clear. The case needs no
book, no more than the hanging cf Arbuthnot and
Ambrister required the justification of books whei
General Jackson was m the hammocks and
marshes of Fibrila. A band of foreign volunteers,
without knowing what they were poing *o Jo, but
ready to fol'ow thnr fi'e !ead°r to the de
vil, steal across a boundary river in the night,
attack unarmed people asleep upon  the soil, and
under the flag of ihen countr), give no quarter__
make no prisoners—distinguish not betwe n y.ung
and old—innocent or guilty—kill ail—add fire to
the sword—send the vessel and its contents over
the falls in dimes—and run back under cover of
the same darkness whxh has ci needled then ap-
proach. All this m tim. of ¿-ace. And men to
call this an act of wai, for wh en the pt-rpetrator 
are not amenable, and íor wh c i redress must be
had by fighting, or negotiating with t<-e nation to
which they b-long This is absurd. It is 'utile
and ridiculous. Common sense condemns it Tie
heart condemns it. Jackson's, exa np e in Florida
condemns it ; and we shou'd ret d&r < u-sclves con-
temp'ible if we took any such weak and puerile
course
Mr. Pox no where says this act was done by the
sovereign's command He shows, in fact, that it
was not so done; and we know that it was not
It was the act of volunteer's, unknown .o the Bri
tish Government un'il it was over, and unassumed
by them for three years after it occuned The
act orcurred in December, 1837, oui minister, Mr
Stevenson, demanded redress for it ¡n the spring
of 1838 The British Government did not then
assume it, nor did they assume it at alt until Mc-
Leod was c?ught Then, for fe first time, they
assume and justify, and eviden ly for tie mere
purpose of extricating McLeod The assumption
is void Governments cannot assume ihe crimes
of individuals it is only a* a military enterprise
that this offence can be issumed; and we J- low
this affair was no such enterprise, and is not even
represented as such by the British mmister. He
calls it a "iransae'ioti " Tnree times m one par?-
graph he calls it a "Iransacaon," ana whoever
heard ot a fight, or a batue, being chatactenzed as
a transaction? We apply the term to an affair of
business, but never to a military onerai m lío  
can we have a military operation /í'bojt wai
without the knowledge of the sovereign* without
the forms and preliminaries which the laws of na-
tions exact? This wa-s no militaiy enterprise m
form, or in substance. Ii was no attack upon a
iort, or a shp of war, or a body of tr^op*. It was
no attack of so'diers upon s ' ers, bjt of ^s a-sins
upon the sl-enm? and the duene<i„ s 0„r Ame-
rican dele ideu cf inn ac po be d I e Brit ah m
exalting i> ntn s. military entcipr ss Tney tate
diffcient grci* ¡d, and highc groaid, hon the Bri-
tish, meeting up th°t defence, anj ai just as
wrong now as they *vere m ¡he case of ¿rbathnot
and Ambrister
Incorrect n point ef na tonal law, I hold diese
instructions to nave been é rogatory to is in pom'
of national character, and givm with mist precipi-
tate haste when they should not have been Mven
at all. Tney were giv en under a fcr-na,delbe
rate, official threat from the mm s'er, and a bou
sand uiofficial threat? fiom high -ind respectan'e
sources.    The minister sa) :
"But, be that as it may ei Ma esty's GovernmentfurmuUy
demand upon the grourds alretdy stated the i umcdiate re
lease of Mi McLeod ard her Majes /'i Government ( ritrea'
the Presidentol the United States to akemtu his most drtibe
rate ooiisideration the sencus natute or the corstquen es
which must ensue from a leiection o! this demand
Nothing could be more precipe and fornal thin
this det"and—nothing more significan* and palpa-
ble than this menace St is such as shook1 have
prevpnted any answer—such as should have sus-
pended diplomatic intercourse—until it was with-
drawn. Instead of that, a most sudden and preci-
pitate answer is given; and one that giants all that
the British demanded, and more too, and that with-
out asking any thing from them. It is given with
a haste which seems to preclude the possibility of
regular dehbeiation, cabinet council, and official
form The letter of Mr. Fox beais date
the 12th of March, which was F"day, and may
h?ve been delivered m office hours of that day.
The ins ruction to Mr. Cri'tenden was delivered
on the 15 h of March, which was Mono ay, and a
copy delivered to Mr Fox Tais was the answer
to the demand and toe threat; and trm* the answer
was given m two days, for Sunday, as the lawyers
call it, is dies non, hit u to say, no day for busi-
ness; and it is haidly to be presumed ¡hat an Ad-
ministra*, on which se^ms to be returning to the
Church and State Um«s of Queen Anne, had the
office of the Depsrtmenf of State open, and the
clerks at th jr desks on. Sunday, instead of being
in thdr pew at chm¿n. The answer, then, was
giver in two daj--, and th s incontinent haste to
comply with a threat contrasts uoiderfull/ with
the de ay—toe for'y days' delay—before the l°tter
was wn ten which «a¿ miended for horns c r-
sumpiton, and ^htch, coubtiess, was considered
as written in good time, if wit en ni time to be
shown to Congress at this extM session
Sir, I hold 1 o have b"tn deroja o>y to our nv
t 0 ial character tu h?ve given an/ answer at all,
much less the one that was given, while a threat
«as hanging over our h"ads What must be the
effect of yielding to demands under sucb circum-
Hance-.'J Cer'amly degradí-non— na lona! degrada-"
tion—and an encurasementto Great Britain to con
tmue her agg-es¿ive course upon us. That nation
is pressing us in the Northeast and Northwest, -he
is search ng our ^hips on the copstof Afnca,she
gives 1 berly to our staves wrecked on her islands
m tneir transit from on  of our ports to another;
she nurtures in London the societies which pio-
duced the San Domingo tn^urrpc'ion, and which
are preparing ,1 similar insurrection for u , and
she is the mistress of s^oje-ts wao he'd unpens 
oetts against our S z t , a d for the payuen of
wbicn he natioiul puarantee, cr the pablic lands,
are wati'er'. Sne ñas many points of ag-
gresive contact upon us, a id what u the effect
of this tame submission—th s abject surrender
of McLeod, without a wcrd of rt dress for the
affair n' the Caroline, and unJer a pinlic threat—
what is the effect of cis but 0 enoour.v ■> her t >
piess 11s a ■! threattr n on erei\ 0 her , oini? I
musí increase her arr gance, and encourage h r
encroachmen s and indure her 10 ^0 on muí sub-
mission to further oi'iraj!e b comes Mtpo^sibi-,
and war i exults i>-om the cowardi e wh eh courage
' uldh"ve fe/> 1 ed On ti's h f d the history
of manv nations is' 'or imprt *ive lessui«, and
none m^ie °o than tha' of &i "at Bnta n It is a
na'ion < f bra/e peopl , bu1 ,v>py ^■^ve so>ne'iracs
a d minute's Tv o we>e 1 ot brave, and wiicse
timidity his e"Jed in mvjlving their coun*ry ni
all th- ca'ammes f war, after subject! 3 't to ad
tre disgrace of pusil'antmou subn sion to U reign
msali The edmint'traticn ofStr Robert W tpole,
long cowartly, and co'runt—'^raniiisat at home
and enng ng abroad— as a signai trstance of th «,
and, a-5 a warning to oar^e ves, I «ili i-ead a pas
sage ftom EogU'h h's orv to ^ho' his cond jet, and
the consequences of it [ lead frcm Smollrt, and
from his account of th<> SoTiisti depredi\ons, and
usult upon Ktigl --h su'ij^ct;,, wlici  er  conti-
nued tne wh'ile term o' Walpolt-s'í adm rn^'f -
tion, and ended mbtmgngon 'he univprsal sv
wnich raged 'prougho'it . a ore, Am , Afrtc, a d
\menr"a, anu  cost  the  Cngl  L neople so  mu-h
biOO ' an*1  'rpasnrp.      'T'hi5  \
treasure.
"¡iona 1 sav«
| Ihe mcichuila ofTlglan Ho !ly cornpiain^d of thereout
ueei th^-nation w shied v itire ent-ne ie ant cr cd loi ve 1
3eance o it the mints ei Tppcited cui ] phl^^matic, and timo
ro ^ lie knpw that a ttft w i! 1 ¡nv ve him m suctl diTi
cu l s as did tofueces sty endáW r his administran n Xne
tieasme wiuc the uowempk ^ed Or domes il put ousts ma t in
thatctse bi. empelled m mill aij aimamenis the wtieeKol
that machine on Ahieh he hixl raise 1 Ins influence wool t no
longer move, the opposition wi ¡id oi consequence £ tin giound,
ai d the impoaitloi < t fie h ases linces ai y fir lie m ule
nance ofthe war would nil up the measure of no, u!ai resent
ment against his per on tnlmmistiy Move 1 by ht e cohm
delations he industriously cndeavi ied to avtlu a tuptuie And
to obttin some sott of satisfactl 1 by dint of memoii-i 5 ai ! ne
^otia ions m which he betrayed his own feais to sucha Vgree
as animated the fepant trds to persist m their depredations and
encouiased the toutt of Madrid to disregard the íemo fiances
of the British Ambassadoi "
Such is Ihe pictuie cf Walpole's foreign policy;
and how close is the copy we are now presenting of
it!   Under the scourge of Spanish outrage, be was
cold phlegmatic, and timorous; and such, is the
conduct of our Secretary under British outrage.
He wanted the public treasure for pa't> purposes,
and neglected the public defences: our Ministry
want the public lands and the public money for
doucems to the States, and leave the Union without
forts and ships. Walpole sought some sort of .sa-
tisfaction by dint of negotiation, our Minister does
the same. The British Minister at Madrid was
paralyzed by the timidity of the Cabinet at home;
so is ours paralyzed at London by our submission
to Mr. Fcx here. The result of the whole was,
accumulated outrag , coalitions against England, <
umseisal war, the disgrace ofthe Minister, and the
e "v'ation of ine man to the highest place in his
cjuii'iy, and to the highest pmnicle of glory, whom
Walpoie had dismissed from the lowest place m the
Bi uish army —that o! cornet of horse—for the politi-
cal offenceof voting agamsth'tu. TheelderWilliam
Pitt—the dismissed corn n—conducted with glory
and success the war afaich the timidity of Walpole
begat and, tha* the smallest cucumBtances might not be want
insto the completeness of the parallel our prime immstei here
hascimmencedhis career ttithiosumg an orderloi treating
our miiitdt y tnd naval olhi ers as Put was treated by Walpole,
and for the same identiaai oftence
Sn t considei the insti ucttons to Mr Crittenden as most un
foitui ate and deplorab e 1 hey have sunk the national cha
ractei m the eyes of England and of Europe They have
lo^t us the respect whrh we gained by the late war and by
the gianous administration of J ckson They bring us into
contempt, and encourage the haughty British to push us to px-
tiemi íes We shall feel the effect ol this deplorable diplomacy
in out impending eontioversies with that people, and happy
and fortunate it wilt be for u& if, by correcting our error, re
tracing out steps ucorenng our manly ai titude, discarding oui
distribution schemes and preparing lot war, we shall be afcle
theitby to prevent wai,and to preserve our rights
1 have u ver believed out Lnghsh difficulties free from
dansei I have noc spoken uj on the Noitheastern question,
but the Senator fiom that state who sits on my right (looking
a Senator Williams) knows my opinion He knows that I
have iang believed that nothing coutd save the rights of Maine
but Ihe wai countenance of our Government Preparation
f r war might pievent .var and save the rights of the State
f ns has been my ojjionion, and to that point have all my la
bers t nded T have avoided speeches I have opposed all dts
tributions of land and moni >, I have gone lor ships, forts and
cannon—the ultima ratiooi Republicsas well as kings Igo
for them now and declare it as my opinion that the only way to
obtain our rights, and to avoid eventual war with Engtand, is
to abandon all schent s of dtslubutiun, and to convert our pub-
lic lands and suiplua revenue, when we have it, into cannon,
ships, and forts
Hard pressed on th*. instructions te Mr Crittenden—pro
&rate and defencele&s there—the gentlemen on the other side
t kc lefife under the letter to Mr Pox ind celebrate the hai
irony of & periotN, and the beauty < f its composition I
^rantits merit in these partic dais I idrnit the beauty of the
ntyte ih ugh attenuated n to gtssamer th nnessand hlhpuuan
wrakress lagreetl at the &ecretaiy writes well ladrmthis
abitit} oven o eompo&e a prcttiet ¡ettei n less than foity days.
Bat whdthas ill his todo with the question of riirhtand wrong
—of lionoi and sli-ma—oi vi^i and peaie—with a foreign Go
vernmentf in acontc^t of lhetoncidtis it would indeed he im-
portant but m the conte t. of nat on- it dwind es into insigm
ticance The ptitesman warts knowledge, fiiroress, patnot
ism, and lnvmctbie adherence to the rights, honor, and inte-
rests of his country These are the chaiactenstics ofthe
statesman ard ried hx these tes s, what beccu ^s of this letter,
s encom aslically dwelt upon herd Its knowledge is shown
bv a mistake of the law of nations—its firmness, by yielding to
a threat—it* patriotism hv taking the nart of foreigners—its
adherence otiehonoi ri hts and ntert^ts of our own country,
by siirundeimg Met e< d without receiving, or even demand-
. g w i d of aidless oí ano ogy for the ou íage upon the
Caion ci
The lettet   jesilt  its fat 1 oncessnns  is deficient in manly
) ie—m Amenctn  eehn — n nerve—m iorce—-in resentment
of írjimous imputati m — ^d in ^nf rcer^ent of our just claims
uiedrcs fo-t lood spilt, teir <- v invaded, and flag insulted
The whole spirit of the 'ettet is feeble and deprecatory It
Joes not lepe! but be^s off It does not tecriinma.e, but de-
fend I does lot ie=e tinsuK—no even the audacious threat
—wh ch i   never once complaineci of nor even alluded to
rhi" le tei s t.\ery wa> an unfortunate production It does
not even shi w the expense and t ouble we took to prevent our
-itizens from ci is^n g the h ie i-nd joining the Canadian msur
gen s It does iot show the expense we were at in raising a
newiesimei of infantry expressly foi that service, (several
voice* a 1 jes, yes it mentu is that ) Good, let it be credited
acooi 1 n<dy 1* it it does n) merit on the appropriation of
Sbod OOü made at one time 'ol diat obiect it does not mention
then imerous callsunon ti e mill It authorities and the civil
an f iuk aljiic he lire to assist in lestrutiing oui people, it
eoes o re ion the anests < f pel sons and seizures of arms,
\hciw-M ade it does n t mention the prosecutiors whieh we
insti tuul it doe not show that for two vears we weieatgieat
e\| en <. an 1 lr< urle to lestrain oar people an that this ex-
ptu cam double wai tirou ht tifion b> the excitement pro-
duced!)., the affa'r of the C a olme Ihe Butish broagfitusan
mínense expense bv tha s'fair for which they render us no
thar s aid the ftecieary f ilsto remind them The letter does
no ret el with the indignant energy which the declaration re-
quired ihat we had ¿ peimitted ' out citizens to arm and join
the insurgents It repels it to be sine Out too feebly Jn<j
wntlv and it omits altogather what should never be lost «lght
of in this case, thatthe British have taken great vengeance on
ourp-oplefortheirrashnessmjoimng thisievolt Greatnum
bers of then were killed in actior, many were hanged, and
manv v, ere transported to the extremities of trie world—to Van
Pieman's land, under the antarctic circle—where they pine
out a miserable existence, far far, and forever removed from
removed from kindred, home and friends
