June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
47
27th Cong""1st Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Bayner.
H. of Reps.
from Virginia [Mr. Wis ] had provea that every
possible form of legislature expedient  had   been
tried to shut out the excitement from these Aboli-
tion memorials;  but still that fanaticism had not
wavered in its purpose, but,   like the locusts in
Egypt, (hese petitions still cootintted to inundate
thit Hall.   [Mr. R. here quoted the deed of c'sion
from "Virginia of her portion of 'h-J District of Co-
lumb a ]     Here,  continu d   he,   is   an  eypr°ss
guarantee of all those   rights of property which
the  people   cf this portion of Virginia posse?s-
etf previously   to   the   cession.    Could any gen-
tleman   pretend that   these   provisions were not
binding?   Was not Congress bound ¡a honor and
gratitude to see that they were most sacredly com-
plied with?    It was  perfectly incontrovertible that
the conditions of this deed were as binding oa Con-
gress as the Constitution was.    Tiie  Constitution
itseii was only a compact, and «hat less was this?
As in the former case, the States guarantied each
to all and all to each the observance of the sacred
instrument of their Union, so in this cabe the Go-
vernment, when it accepted the cession  of terri
tory, pledged  itself to protect: all the rights the in-
habitants of that territory  previously enjoyed.   It
was to the magnanimity, liberaU'y, and patrioi'sm
of the States of Maryland and Virginia  that they
were indebted for the opportunity of assembling in
thit ball   to  consider the  public miere-ls  of the
whole land; but for that generosity they should not
be 8'anding where they did at tbii  moment; and
would gentlemen requite this kindness ar.d liberality
by converting thUceded ground into the si'e  of a
fortress from which to hurl upon these ceding sove-
reignties the firebrand.! and incendiary missile* of a
wild fanaticism?    Would  they act the part of the
serpent in the fable,  who,  when  warmed into re-
stored life on the hus-pitable hearth of the husband-
man, employed its returning posers  to strike the
child of its benefactor with Us deadly faints?
But he took even bolder ground. Had there
been no covenant stipulations whatever on the sub
ject, the Government would still have teen bound
by every principle of honor and justice not to in-
terfere with slavery in this District. Where, was
the man who would lay his hand upon his bosom
and say that he honestly believed that the States
of Virginia and Maryland would ever have
made this cession to the Government of the
United States if they could by the remote?t pos-
sibility have imagined that it wr.s to be converted
into a platform from which the rights and interests
of their citizens would be daily assailed? Would
men, Southern men, in lh"ir strifes ever cede
away a portion of their territory that it might be
convened into a fortress for their enemies? No
wonder that the extreme sensitiveness of the people
of Virginia and Maryland should be all alive on
this sucj-et. To take the properly of t're people
of the District was to violate ure compact of ees-
si- n, and another compact yet more solemn, the
Constitution of the united States. Before this
could be done, every principle of plighted faith
must be violated. If gentlemen admit that they
did not believe the cj .>ion ever would have leeu
made, could the least idea have been entertained
that such a thing rarer would be attempted, how
dare they interfere with the plighted faUh of the
Government? How could they possibly contend
for the outrage of every principle of morality aaA
every sentiment of honor?
But gentlemen contended that not to receive
Abolition memorials was to violate the sacred rig'a
of petition guarantied to them by the C.ns itutun.
Mr. R. admitted that feas right was guarantied by
the Coi-.sdtuuoo, but in exeicisiuf; ng'its under the
Constitution men must not resort to acts wkcr;
were unconstitutional, otherwise nothine could be
secure under that sacred instrument. There was
no vio'ation of it, however obvious;, monstrous,
and flagrant, which ingenuity could not perveit
info a means of enjoying and exercising rights
which the Constitution granted and secured.
Would gentlemen destroy the Constitution under a
pretended zeal for the provisions of the Constitu-
tion? Such conduct was like the embrace tf the
giant, which crushes and strangles the very objec'
of his love. The Constitution declared that the
people shall have the right peaceably to assemble
and pcti'ion Congress for a redress of grievances.
Yefj   but   this   g:aet    was   not    an   unlimited,
unqualified   grant,   as   a   gentleman   fr m  Vir-
ginia    [Mr.    Bott:]   had   intimated   in   a   late
"card" put forth over Lia  m-nie-   in   the papers.
That gintieiían need   but   ho!;    into   the   Con-
stitution    to    him-elf  lo   see   thi*.     Trie   right
was  confined   to   the   "¡edreS3   of   prievauces"
But whose grievance^?   Tne grievances of the pe-
tioners-, or those of other peoplf?    The answer to
this question was given at once by common seuse.
Surely, obviously, it meant their own  grievances.
V/f-S it the duty of that House to  sit from day   to
day, receiving, considering, a'id refeiring peiidons
for the  redress  of  the grievances of  what  thry
v.ere p'eased lo call "the poor slaves" of the Sou'h,
if the right under tV Consii:u!ion referred only to
the grievances of the  persons petitionine.?     And
coulo it be believed for a moment that it meant to
secure to the people  the riaht o;' petitioning Con-
gress for the redress of any thins; and every thing
they mi;ht be pleased to considtr as a grievance
any  where and  every where?    If ro!, he  would
ask of the gentleman   from Massachusetts [M<'.'
Adams] «here the right vvas to termina'.?   With
■V ?rievai.ces of the people of ¡he united States?
Tne grievances of the udiabitan's of the  Western
Comment?   Or those  of th? whole c:v lized and
uncivilized world?   Once pass the limit p-escribed
by common sense, and there could be no grievance
on the face of the earth that was not a legitimate
subj'ct of petition, and concerning which, aecurd-
ing to the pr.neiple laid down by gentlemen,  the
House of Representatives must not receive, con-
sider,  refer, ard h-ar a report upon     Why not
pray fur a war against the Republic rf Texas, be-
cius" slavery  was  tolerated under  that  Govern-
ing ?    Or for \v*r against England,  because   Mr.
Daniel O'C nasil had said that  the  people of Ire-
land   were i pprcs--.;d by   the  people 11 England?
Against the  Empires  of Ru-.y.a and Austria,  be-
cause ll.ey retimed in bonlage the degr-ded  self*
found by millions  in  il o-c  empires—men  whosü
cccdi.ion was tenfold worse than   ¡he poorest fed
and poorest clothed slave in ¡<!1 the South?    Th*
octr.ne led (0 an absurdity.    No eds l*c  how   re-
note fro.n all object; of legislation, ar. i every duly
Coneress was bound ¡o perform,  if any thing in
this sublunary sphere was made taesubject of peti-
tion, Congress was bound to occupy its time in re-
ceiving and acting on every petition which any ab-
iusd ner.'on miahf choose ¡o offer in rezard  to it!
Mr. R. d:-nifd both principle  and  conclusion, and
planted him.-elf  uron ihe   common sense inter-
pretation of the clau--e nlird on as apphhig to
the grievances, exclusively, of the petitioners them-
selves.
Bui even here !he restriction did not cease; tne
lisht was not unlimited even in reference to their
own grievances. They must exercise a concito-
tional right ¡preference to constitutional means.
They nrght prlitrninly for the redress of such
"nevances as Conere:-s had a ccnstuu'ional right
fo redress. If ?o, Congress «as not bound to re-
ceive and consider pjtdions which co.isl'eiei the
Constitution itself a grievance, and prayed that it
might be red-essed by changing our form of Go-
vernment and retting up a King. But deny ihis
restriction, and there was nothing so absurd, so
monstrous, so immoral, so obscene, so subversive
of all order audcivdizatioi, but it might be ma^e the
Jons
jress ins-t srravely re-
-C--2 a cero ia portion
¿í-aies ^r-ould explain
-r*cy in th s eou'i'ry as a
it trieted them to see
til ■■! and  r.oif-v
f-ubj"Cf of petitum,
cii-'e and c 'h-ider  ¡'.    Bop
of the people of trr- "Jni'ed
of th- exee ses of D-ti
greai grievanc-, sta'ing iri
corrupt  ekraogo-'u-
elevated by our ehc'ions, and pr?yir.s Congress to
confer titles of nobility on certain families in the
S'ate. would gent'envn have p^ti'ioris of su h a de-
scriplionreceivd and vefenedto commbt/cs? A gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Gidpisg-] had op<-e com-
plained of it as a grievance to him to ,pe from ihe
windows of the Capitol a companv of slaves hand-
cuffed and conducted alons the road to the South;
others considered it as great a gtievaica to see
Democracy prevail: there was no telling what
would or might sot be considered as a grievance.
He would put to the honorable and venerable gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself, [Mr. Adams,]
for he seemed to be ihe champion of ihis right of
petition, whether, if Certain  persons at the,Soutft--
should send  to  Congress  a memorial again^tfilie ."
manufacturing establishments of the Ni'nh.as^a-"
nuisance, no longer to b* borne, on account of tne
cruelties   there dady perpetrated < n children and,
poor operatives, and praying Congress lo pass a
law that, if ad   these  factories were not shut  up
and abandoned befóse a certain day, the nuisance
should be abated, would he vote for--ihe reception
of such a petition?
[Mr. Adams. Certainly I would.] -
Suppose a petition should be presented by cer-
tain R.i nan Catholics, praying Congress to prohi- "
bit the eattng of «neat on ceria.n days of the week:
or fiom Jews, praying for the abolition of the
Chri.-tian reÜ2Íon: or from Fanny Wright and.her
associates, for the aboli'ion of marnage: would
that gentleman receive and consider these also?
Mr. ADAMS. One great obj-ction t  slavery is,
thit it dees abolish marriage. If a petition of that
kind weie received, there would be no impropriety
in reesivhig it. Slavery tears husband irom wife,
parent from child. That is one of the grievances
attending it. One oí the great grievances of which
these petitioners complain is the very fact that
slavery destroys all ihe relation-, of life, and, among
them, the ties of marriage. How have I not seen
it operate in ihis very D strict. -         *           *
[Fiere Mr. Adams was called to order by name-
rous voice-.]
Mr. R&.YNER. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman lor an answer to my question, and not for
an argument.
The CHAIR decided Mr. Adams to be oat of
order.
Mr. ADAM3. Very well; then let him ask me
no more questions. If he wants to stop me as soon
as I begin to answer him, let him put no more quet-
tiO.is tj ire.
Mr. RAYNES. The gentleman has dodged the
question with his usual ab lily and sagacity.
Mr. ADAMS. Í am ready to ansuer nim fur-
ther, then. He shall be answered to his very
heart's content     [A laugh ]
Mr. RAYNSR. I suppose the gentleman, hold-
ing these viev/s, is opposed to nullifie.aiion, and
would consign lo oblivion or to disgrace and rum
all eho differ from him on that subject. Would
he receive petitions for the dissolution of the union of
these S'a'es? I do not refer to petitions tor the amend-
ment of the Constitution. When a petition was
presented ihe other day to amend the Constitution
by the abolition of slavery in all the S'ates, had the
question on i's reception been forced to a vote, I
fiK.uld have been constrained to vole for it; be-
can-e, though the end ultimately sought was
not according to the Constitution as it now stands,
yet Cis memorial sought ¡t by eoníiitutíonaí
meaiis, vis: an alteration of the ins'ru.nent. I
'hojht htrttofoie have gone for recervn;*; it; but I
cannot vote to receive n)e<norir,'.s which pray Con-
gress to do what palpably violates ihe very letter of
the Constitution. As to the construction which
gentlemen put upon th a instrument, they make it
contain ibo elements of its own destruction. That
coas'.rcction has proved itself to be the mej ns by
whion it may be cautiously approached,'iñsidously
attacked, and inevitably destroyed. These Aboli-
tion pelit'ons prate to us loudly about their satach-
«ri-.ii: to the Constitution, yn they stab it to lha
v ."•'.• hcait, a.-Joahd.l AbsT while he srui!';dia
h'sfacB. I D,e-Gi,-.e (.said Mr. CI.) t.>at th s 'douse
ha? the r'gbr to he~r ih'.se petitmneis in person at
its  hi*-; i   know  • f no eorssiuu'.ional ob-:ac!e  lo
such   s. proceed
sm! it will  not, I suppose, be
maintained that these petition : are entitled to be
treated with more deference «slidrespect than them-
s-lves; but who will deny that if those people
should employ, ia the presence of this House, rude
and disrespectful language, or should ask us to
trample en the Constitution, or should excite tumult
an i disorder, interrupt the public business, and
scatter seeds of discord and disunion, would it not
be the daiy of the House to drive them with indig-
nation from its doors? There must be in every le-
gislative as well a3 judicial body a power to pro-
tect its own dignity.   And if the House has power
