48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
2?th Cong.•••1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
to dismiss with indignation the petitioners them-
selves, may it not, for the same reason, dismiss
theit petitions?   Surely Congress not only may, but
is   bound   to   reject   such   insulting   and   mis-
chievous  papers   at the   very   threshold.     And
if  gentlemen   yield   this point,   all is  yielded
Once yield the p mt that the House may use any
discretion as to what it will and what u will not
receive, and the whole argument is given up, and
all the farrago about the right of pe ttion falls at
once to the ground.   Nobody denies the right of
petition.   Insulting, and grieving, an'l nntati"g as
it may be and is to us oí the South, we are willing
that these peopie should meet as often as they
please,   and sit and listen is long as they like to
the hypocritical ci))' ot fanatical impostors.     Let
them hear the people of the South represented a^
man stealers and mat slayer >, and let tht. old wo-
men and ¡he priests, shed their crocodile tears ovjr
the miseries of the "poor slaves," (being ten times
happier, better fed, better clothed,  better Mgcd,
better   treated  than  many a crawling wretch at
their own doois:) let them do thi«, and draw  up
petitions by the yard and furlong and sign them
by the   hundred a&d the thousand, and then send
them to  Congress, anl  let some gentleman rise
and present them.    We have no objection-, to that,
we do   not  resist   it, but  wc cannot consent  to
have such papers received here to introduce  dis-
cord and confusion into this Hall, and send from
from this place the seeds  of disunion throughout
the country.    The right of pttilnn1     What is  it
undsr   the Constitution?    Is u anv thing more
than the right  peaceably to avs,embl , to consult
andj then to express their wnhes  to the Legisla-
ture? Or is it a right to have, unconditionally, heir
complaints and petitions acti d on by the   Legisla-
ture?   The same process ot reasoning v\hich gots
to show that it is oui duty to ueeive these petitions
will, if pushed out, show that it is opr duty to grant
them.   It the right means any more than the light
to assemble and expr< is their wishes,  how  much
more does it m'au?    It it does not imply the light
to have tbetr pet lions gi anted, where is the difiei-
enee between the relusal to recave and the   reject
ing att r ttiey are  received?    If  my   recollection
serves me, this ng^it ol petition is ore of tho-e gteat
p mciples of civil liberty which our lathers b.ought
with them from England     It was inserted i>j the
celebrated bill of lights at th" Revolution, and  the
cause of us insertion n that maaoraole ínstmnitU
was the desire to guard against those difhoalties fur
the future which the friends   ot   frentom   had  to
«trugile with   in, leststuig   Uio   d-spoli>m   ol t')t
House  oí  Stuart.    Then pi actable  a > mbla   s
fot consultation and c< neat1.id  ii< qn mly  be< i
dispersed by milti íry lore ; and, therein e, ir    ti-
tling th- kinpdo n   i mler   William  ill,  il«y   ink
care to muerta clau s   in il a bul t i   r.gtti     t Inch
should set ill  matter at rist.   Th"- i gat is not pe-
culiar to  toe peoplo of lh<  United butts, the pec-
pk of Em lartdf njoy it    as   tully  as wi.     But   I
should like to ask < ne of ihc-e ¡s< rthcpi gerilk men
whether tin y believe the Eutiih Pailirn nr uou d
receive a petl'.on to repeal Migtw Chmfa*   Orto
expel the House  cf  Brunswict lima the  th cne,
and restore the Siiurts?    Will  ai y wan here pie-
sume to 5ay that the Oovm r.s ci EtigUnd would
receive tor one mnintnl a pct,f ci l 'to tha?   Or
would not i s   presentation  put 'he head   ot  'he
man in gr.at jeopardy who «eut or who carried if
The British right or petitm i v.as, b> fore our Re-
volution, «xe'e s <l by the cjIji íes ,>s a ci mp meat
part of the British icalru     it was "-¡vei o .t com-
plaint that our pen i ms « ere not tit ived b,  ihe
Parliament, but the   lai 'C  budits  oí troops *<  ¡e
sent to di^peiseojr c tiz^r: Alien mtitj conMnton
public , fiar;
líenc*   it   " is tha' 'he article
much rtued upon wasiro-r'ed in .ur fundamental
law. The right has reference te the acts duct the
personal sccur ty (f the petitioner, and lot to (tie
consequent duties ot Congn^s Wiull uiy mail
say, unless he has utterly forgo t a the ¡> rugghs
of our father,, in the d<>}S o< ihe Revolution, tl at
it would accord with lr,-> dignity of this Hous* >o
recive a petit'on prating ior ihe abolition of oar
free mstitatuns and t.ie return of ih's country to
its colon al dependence ? Gentlemen m¿y sSj tnis
is an extreme case.   True, it is an extreme case,
| but the argu-nenlvm ad absurdum is, m its plaee, a
•legitimate argument, and one fit especially to be
used against the principles here put forth by a ois-
tmguished and honorable gentleman, who seems to
be constituted the guardian of the Abolitionists and
of their cause m this House.
I believe that the right to abolish slavery m the
f ¡strict of Columbia is claimed under that clause
m the Constitution wh'ch decla'es that Congress
shall have the power of exclusive legislation in the
District.    I think I remember an admission by Ihe
gentleman from Vermont [Mr  Sude] twoyeará
ago, that if this clause did noi cenfer on Congress
the right to abolish slavery m the District, >hen it
was not nor'h while to petition for it.   The admis-
sion made a «rorg impression on my mind at ne
Inc.    We'!, sir, what is meaot by " exclusive le-
gislation <"   Does exclusive mean absoluto i  Trie
word exclusive ts an adjective, having refeience to
the act ot shutting out or casting oil    It ibu's ou>
all legiela'iou by any other aunonty than that of
Congress     1' does not mean 'bat Ihe legislation e-f
Congress over  this District is to be absolu'c and
unlimited, but that  it is to exclud'   the legi^l 'ion
of any body else.    The Legislature of North Caro-
lina ha" exclusive power of legislation m North
Carolina, but has it absolut  and unlimited power?
By no rm'ans.    It cannot abohfh slavery, became
that is recognised expressly m th  Constitution of
the   S ate.    It  is  recognised   '"   the   clause re-
lating to representation and  taxation, and m that
which declares that the right oí property in a slave
cannot be taken away but by due process of law.
So a mpster in evay s]ave State has «n exclusive
right of property in his slave, lb t1 is a right exclu-
sive of all otheis.    But he has not an unlimited
r ght in b.sslave.    He cannot >t pleasure put his
■-lave to death, as might be done among the 1Í.0-
^¡ans; and m Nor h Caiohn.i the la i recuims him
to cloihc and feed his slave, and treat htm with hu-
manity; and if aman is g'nl'y  of cruel conduct
towards him, he may te pro^eou'ed for the oiPmce,
and brougit to ct nd'gn punishment.   So a  State
Legislature has an t\clusive right to olee* Senators
to Congie-s foi lhat State, but its n¡,nt is not un-
hmiKri, beeaus" it cannot elect a non-tosident of
the State nor a man  undei  tnirty  \ears of ¡>ge
Thi Wasmngton and Btltmiore Railroad  Coir-
pany has an exclusive right o f transport Uion on
tiat railroad, bu'tlieit  right  is  not absolute  and
unconHiion.il     Th y may no' t>a"*pori a mm
along the r roa I against his v il, without au'honty
oí law, mu may Uiry «i, ully   vive their cirs over
■■«h'tdkss  trivtl'u.    Whíi, toen, becomts c 1 the
argument, that, Ivcaos-  Congress h?i rxclus.ve
It   islatum m this Di trtc', it has   ih-  powei i    a1-
*( lute  and   nnlmiltd  lfisiat.on.     ¡1   i's  p ver
wu8 abvoluti a   wil a   exclusive, thtn this tim e
\r ulj l« ol li_c I to receive, t uteri ii . icfc, l^poit
upi n, .'< d 'onsuki a petit'on f'rane ?^i-hncni
ol religio'i lit !h s  Disinci.    Will gtntlemen .« tin-
tam ih   ¡    ".'r li "bat1   u c i.,  urged 'h^t t'u
Sap o> Vir" in    ?n t Mar iind wtuk not  have
ltlt th s pom'ur spt'led   in  t e d^ed of cess on, if
thpv had n t neant tint G >i "rts,   ht^ld exercise
ah   ¡u'e 11 jh; of   legis' dun (ver i^e  (en  n.iles
squaie.    To  t'us it is   utlicierit to give the ." iswer
alieady relrrrtd to, r.amelv, that they ne\er could
hive aitiupatod that Congress would vitiate &!
delate 5 it ¡ustite and  ho ior,  by converting ihe
tprtu >ry they had cedtd into a ph'ce ol ri'u_c fir
their runr   ay slave , ai d a fo'tre s irom which to
attack t e ,. stituuonx and p' perty ci their cn-
/ ns.
Ihe On -timtion was tramad in the purer Jays
ol th s Henil c, and by the hmtSof th. ver-t men
w"io >mu .'Ctitevd ourRe olution Could the, en-
tertain the dea that i«cuon pnd i^nat'cism wou'd
on° day sn«ke this Uuie i to ns centre, and that me
j provision ihey mnle to guard ire r ghts of the citi-
zen woiitd be a"-eip od, its If to be contorted into
an instrumei t cf tyrpnnj' In ti o e daysmen
trus.td each othT, ihey wtre no', ltKe ShjiotB,
insisting upon his bond, or the j a oas and suspi-
cious muer con'11* over his sold. No, sir, no.
They were willing to trus' tht " ep who had fought
\. i n thf mselves shou der ' Siouljtr thn ugh all
lhJ 'i j iflg seenes of the Revoiu.ion, and if they im-
posed no restriction in. the ¡eed of cession, s >i> ioi
us to take advantage of that circumstance against
those who freely gave up their territory would be
an act of perfidy diigracefal to the American
name and to the age m which we live. It is cruel
?nd t'ngenerous at all bmes to take advantage of
the credulous and unwary. Bat when confidence
is reposed m us, if we inflict on the confiding bo-
som a mortal w mnd, it is a crime unparalleled
and disgraceful to human nature Let this Go-
vernment ungratefully forget the kindness and li-
berality of Virginia and Maryland, and we shall
Uve to -ee the time when American faith amoDg
the nations of the world will be in the same repute
with the Funic tadh which has delivered over Car-
thage to infamy. None can deny lhat it would be
an act of perfidy tewards both thote States to in-
terfere with the question of slaveiy within Ihe
temiory which thev have given us. And shall we
recave petitions which pray us to commit an
act of perfidy? No honorable man would permit
such a itqueit to be malt to him m private life,
and, if not, ought we, the Representatives of an
enlightened, honorable, and Christian nation? I
put the question home; let gentlemen answer it.
Do they hold it right 10 perpetrate an act of perfidy ?
Arc not such act? htít m abhorrence among all
people, even the most barbarous? The wild Arab
of the deceit, who ro?ms for plunder, holds his
promise sacred; and the wayfarer who turns aside
to partake the hospitality of his humble tent is in-
violable in h's purse and his pprson. And shall it
be said tha* ae, the Legislature of a free, enlight-
ed, moral, and Christian people, shall be guilty of
an act which vnouid bring the blush upon an Arab's
chrek.
We hear a great deal about moral right. The
gentleman frou Massachusetts put this whole
question upon that ground; but here is a moral is-
sue of plighted faith and reciprocal confidence:
is this to be treated as though it "vere a mockery
and a jest? Wbat is it but mutual confidence that
prevents this world from becoming a social chaos?
Human governments, human society itself exists
by confidence. All that is sweet in the inter-
course of pnvate lite rests on this principle. With-
>ut it fritndship is but a name, and love, instead
of binding us in silver links aid silken ties, is
c> .íerted at Otice into that "green-eyed monster
wh ca ma'tes the meat u feeds on." All com-
mercial intercourse is at an end; commerce no
more spreads ber sails io ihe breeze, and ihe ocean
over which she vafted the wealth of all nations
home is c mverted mto a g'oomy sohlnde. De-
stroy confidence and 'ou dissolve th's Union; and
■?herc the tar-spa.tg'ed b .nner <f the free now
floats m triumph, the arnied sentinels of an iron
despotism will soon keep waich.
The pxntleman fror* Ma'sachusetts told us that
in case o. a s-rvile m-urrauon. there was not one
of th3 turibules ot the A mighty which would take
£ des with ihe master Tne gentleman has thrown
asida law and Constitution, ,ind has dared to put
tnp issue oí this qatsunn Mpon the high and ím-
prcg-vb e grourd of the Divine l?w I will not
st p to inqcrre into «he consequsnecs of such a
course as this; it sweeps away every thing like
human pompact and rests the mutual nghis ot men
on what tne imag nation of fanaticism may picture
to itself as a Divine requirement. It is a doctrine
of bi r\l— to that it leads. So far as relates to all
human government and tempoial institutions, they
muit tf recessity be mat'er of conventional agree-
ment. Aboat ihe innate attributes and high be-
hests ci God, one man has as much the means of
knowing as a another. These matters rest m the
bosom of that good Being who p: sicks over the
affairs of men and will bring all at length to His
bar, holding every man to a just responsibility for
his deeds But do not these gentlemen assume one
of the prerogatives of the Almighty to themselves?
In lhat goon book, which we have all been taught
Irom our childnood to ve'ierafe, I find it is written
"Vengeance is mine, saith ihe Loid." In their
mid rain they seoa not to recollect, or never never
tobare reau, those words of the decalogue "Nor
his man servant, nor his maid servant, nor his ox,
noi hi5 ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's."
The gentleman from Passathusetts tells us lhat
this movement of  he Alolilitnists in the United
