S€                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE._______________flnie,l84i.
"■"^Txtt-Cons. •• 1st Sess.              'Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.                                          Senate.
"■  "' '¡"I'M"—h- —¡                                   ----------■----------------------------------~"
<hJS .-4Wfi¡!£Mi6.<Í ons undivided front—not for the
pijrpQge of interfering with the rights of o hers., tut
tot Jije pjirpose of defending themselves against the
tu^fjsgg^ndancendiary attacks of fanatics, urg< d
ogtbjjk fp,ypolitical iralcontenls. He knew of no
party dijfersnee at the South en this question, and
he tqok tb,e tüliola ground here, and bis opinion
S^ght go &r whaf it was worth. If there was any
politteal par.ty in the Norih, be they Whigs or De-
mociajts, who made war on the institutions of the
South, they would be recogn fed as enemies, and
treated accordingly. But, on the otner hand, be
they Whigs or Democrats who went to the relief
of the South, they wonld be recognised as friend ,
ana he would unite with ihem as fnends. And he
took this occasion now to lender his most sincere
thanks, on the part of his constituent"., to those
treaty-one Nortnern gentlemen who voted wi h
him. He, however, was sorry to say that but two
of-them were Whigs. ' Indeed, it had turned out
that,alaiost all the votes received were from the
jQymocratic party. And, in making this remark,
he spoke candidly, and was only teding the truth.
Bill he had always been in the habit of speaking
just «bat he thought of men and measures, ana
so h? look this ground now.
"the course of th/se Northern gentlemen who
were voting with tho^e from the South presented a
high moral sublimity, (although he d< ubied whe-
ther the gentleman from Massachusetts would
think so,) because they had done '.heir duty, and
had faken counsel of their duty rather than of their
fears. They bad had every thing to lose and no.
thing to gain,and yet they had gone to the relief of the
South on this question ! L t it be recollected that
Southern men did not commence this warfare. He
knew the position in which they stood here. Al- I
though th.y were but dtitnding tbem^elvts, ihpy
were taunted with creating agitation—aat auon
Why, gentlemen m ght as wtll U?i?ie a man for
complaining against tyranny and opoiessun; or
they might as well lake away the privilege which
the worm has to turn when he is trodden upon.
We wished to proceed to business under the rales
of the last Congress, but Northern men ovj cted to
doing so, because they were deleimmed, if posM-
bl , to crush Southern men; and they had turned
upon us with scorn and insult, and told us that we
had been agitating the question I Sou hern men
were not to blame for wasting the lime of the
House, and for the graat delay which had con e
quently resulted in the transaciirn of die pub ic b i-
Mness. He utterly denied the charge lhai the 21s.'
rule was originally parsed wilh a view to oppress i
t^e North. Southern men had nsver enlpitamed '
sucha thought. What did the geatkmin from
Massachusetts •■ay m regard to ihe mo'ivet of
Southern gentlemen m adopting the ru'e in ques
tion? Why, he said that the reason th j voted for
this rule was, becau-e they wrre afra'd o( being
called Abolitionist, at home. Now whit right had
the gentleman to impugn the motives of gentlemen
onthisfioorl It was exceedingly unkind, to say
the least of it. We all acted under as h gh a re-
sponsibility as did tbe gentleman from M>«.t-
cnusetts. He (Mr. R ) only asked that a proper i
chanty should be exercised in reference to th 
opinions of Southern gentlemen. The gen lemen
from. Massachusetts had said, and that with a sneer,
that the reastn why we would not listen to Abo'i-
tion petitions was, that we felt ourselves m the
wrong, and that " conscience makes cowards oí us
all." Now he (Mr R ) nould a k, which was u e
most cowardly—for an improvu g re< pie lo be
compelled to deferd their ruhls, or for others to
take advantage of them ' Mr R. then we>i on to
say that the South was on the defei s.vc, mat they
placed themselves on the broad platform of ihe '
Constitution They only asked to be let a one and
undisturbed in the e jo>ment of th-ir constitu- i
tional rights. They had taken their position, and
all th«¡ powers of hell cou d not make them j ¡eld r.
And gentlemen were mistaken if tbey ihiug,it ihey
could crush us by mere numbers in this hall
Those who were under any such impression would
do well to recollect that the race is not always to
the swift, nor the battle to the strong. They should
recollect, too, that the South had light on its side,
guarantied to it by the Constitution of the United
Stae;. Me i who knew th n r.ght-. w*rc not to
be deterred fiom the exeroise oí them by the exer-
cise of any fuch influences as had yet been b ought
to be-u upon this question of Abolit on, and which,
unfcrluna'ely, had its influence with some men in
these halls It was not because Southern men
doubted their capacity to defend their institutters,
that they protes el against this unjust and uawar-
rantab'e interference in their domestic affairs. No,
no, they defied ihe assaults cf their Northern breih
ren The reason why lh=>y protes'ed sgaitst these
Abolition petitions wa«, because they do not ehoo e
to be interfered with in a matter in which the
other States of this Uuion have no concern.
Mr. R next adver ed to the remarks made by
Mr. Adams a few days since in relation to a servile
insurrection in the South, and condemned, in the
strongest terms, the doctrines and language then
used. He asked if such language as thit was to
be proclaimed on this floor, and to be passed over
without notice? He thought it ought not lo be,
especially taking into consid<>ration the source
from whence it came. Mr, R. said that, before he
concluded, he wojld makr an appeal to Noiihem
gentlemen on this floor. He would appeal lo Ihem
in the name of justice not to interfere wuh the
constitutional rights of the Southern Sates; he
would apppal to them in the'name of Christian be
nevolence not to continue to give the unoffending
descendants of our common ancestry and the par-
ticipants in Ihe b'essings of our glorious Constitu-
tion any further trouble m relation to this question;
he would implore them by the sacred mem mes of
their forefathers not to destroy the work of their
common hand; abive all, he would appeal to them
in ths name ct this glorious, this ble sed Union—
this Union wh'ch i? the terror of tyrants—ih>
Union wnic'i moun's the star-sp. n°led banner ti- its
eloiy—this Union which is the fust of ftee Go-
vern ments, and wh«se flag ex'em's almost to the
bosom of ihe Pacific, to s op the march of fanati
cism before it is too late—before it destroys the
foundations of this Republ c, and before th <? fair
fabric shall be crumbkd in the dust. We love this
Union, because we believe it to be the palladium
of our liberties, and because we believe it is neces-
sary to ihe support and exist-nee of our ngh's. We
are never in ihe habit of appreciating blessings
until they are about to depait, we never know their
value until vie hive felt their deprivation. Or, in
the language of the poe*,
' Om ble ^ n^s bn^lueii -mhey tike their flight "
We ca i never know the value of tins Union until
we have lost it Bat wben passion and fanau-
cism shall hive ¡ >alked across ihe land—when fana-
ticism and the horrors of civil war thail preiade
our country—when ihe brother's hand sha'l be
reeking with the brother's blood, and the sin of
freedom has gone down in b'ood, the i sfn ¡ We
only appreciate the vilue of thisgl no s Confe-
deral I ask, then, of the Nortntrn arid South-
ern Whies to come lo ihe rescue, and that be ore it
be too late.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRI,
In Senate, June 18,1841—In reply to Mr. Evjíjs,
on the m tun to print aa extra number if the
rcpoitot tbe Secretary of the TieaiUiy.
Mr   WOODBURY observed   It  would seem,
Mr, from the pau--e in this dtbaie, that the motion
t > print is about lo be put     But as trie obji-c ion to
it was fi st (ffirej by me, wi h a  view to eipo^e
some of the numerous errors wuh wheh n e re-
port aocunts, and ao tl,e benator from AJaine has
replieu  toa  portion oí my  remaiki.it might  be
•uppooed, that I acquiesced in the sufficiency of his
explanations, if I d d now express a conlisry opi-
nion.
i hasten, therefore, to saj, sir, hat his exol ma
tions are not satisfactory, either as to details or ge-
neral pnnup'es The^ do n< t a tempi to answer
my exjosuon of several of the most glaring mi -
takes m the leport, arid in almost every instance
i*here aDy attempt is made, i fails entirely, or
plunges the Secretary into a n<?w difficulty. One
cause of the embarra«smLnt of the Senaior, as to
deUil% arises from their inherent, irreconcilable
character, and another from the hasty and inad-
vertent manner in which many of them have been
piesented by the Secretary, whether in the report
or in the fiscal portion of the menaje. Hence, taking
■he explanations given, still the whole discrepancies
and contradictions as respects the figuies, are only
changed to rew amounts., but not entirely removed
in a solitary case.
In truth, theie is no way possible to reconcile
many of ihe vanat'ons, and it m'ght be as prudent
for him, first as last, to admit them to be clearly
inexplicable.
In the nexf place, as to the great general conclu-
sions in the report concerning deficits and debt,
there is no easy mode of removing the whole
doubt about their true amount, because the Sece-
tary has mingled and confounded several items,
which should hive been kept perfectly apart.
I am not surprised, therefore, that the learned
Senaior, with all his experience on a finaiacial
coTimittee, has met with no better succtss m bring-
ing light out of darknpss, oi groping a way out of
the labjnnth.                 *
Thus for one mslance: The Secretary, m order
to give au mflsted appearance to the rggregale of
aporopnittons not spent on the 4th of March last,
and of the pxpenliture* likely to happen under
them during 1841, has first jumblfd together
what shou d have been, and usually is, staled sepa-
rately—the appropriations and expenditures for the
current service, and those for Treasury notes;.
Thus, at the start, he probably deceived and misled
even himself in respect to the exaggerated amount
of some of his results.
If he had kept them distinct, as is customary,
most palpably there would not have been so
much trouble in ascertaining their amount, their
urgency, and the nece«;sny there was for the call
ol an extra session oi Congiess What we wanfd
to know was, whether, it the exp-nditures wer1
c nfined lo existing appropriations, there wou d be
a deficit in the Treasury; and whether we we>e
called together at this inconvenient season of the
year, and at so much expense to the States, at d
the Union, to supply a deficiency occasioned by
the old Administration, or to be occa-ioned by
adopting the recommendations of the rew one.
The Secretary dees not say, a-? any business man
would say in a similar situation in private life—
" I owe so much, and I want to spend in addition
so much " If he had done so, he would have
found lhat his es imatesof expenditure) under th?
old or ex sting app-opnations were too high, by
five millions of dollar-.
lis proposes to expend twen'j-'hree millions,
whereas ihe appropriations by Congress for thd
service of the )ea>-were but about eigh'een m 1-
'uns Now he (Mr. W) would asser , without
fear of contradiction, that a reference to the r?-
cordsofthe Department would not sho«r scarcely
a ciog'" instan!e, for the last twenty six years,
whe-e the expe-d 'ures of the year exceeded by
one mi1 hen ot dollar, the amonit of new and per-
manent appropriations by Congress for that year.
And yet Ihe Senetary proposes to expend, during
the present >ear, near five milhors of dolíais moro
than lh/ appropriations already made b. Congress
for the «hole >e^r.
Mr. W then qu ued from an official document
■>the appropriations a  d expenditures for a nu,r.b r
of years back, which showed that in every year ex-
cept 1839 (which was about one million ihe other
«ay) 'he expenditures wete cons durably ¡ess than
the new and permanent appropriations, and siid
that it was the invartabh practice of the 0epa>t-
ment formeily to take the amount of the new
and pennanent aporopr.ation as t'ieír esti-
ma'e of the amount of expandieres for
the >ear He yenurel to assert that from
Hamilton to Gallatin, .-nJ from Gaba'.n to
Duane, th'o would be found to have been the
practice, and yet ttie present Secretary has at one
bound estimated h,s expenditures at five millions,
more than the appropriations for the whole year.
This amount of expenditure cannot be effected in.
any legitima'e way, it can only be done by has-
tening appropriations iiito expenditures, without
any regard to publ'c economy, or by putting
large amount* into the hands of disbursing offt-
