54           ________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             June, 184 i.
of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Woodbury.
^th Cono......1st Sess.                  Repoil
think, confounding those with the four to five mil
lioas postponed in 1837, under the suspenden of
^peeie payments, and which were, in fact, both
posponed and paid under the past Administration,
and without creating any pretence of a charge
a^alrst,^ an that account. On the con rary, the
fijee^onds, though due before 1837, and postponed
impart, (whatever their amount,) so as to fall due
since ÍS37, have v\ scarcely one instance been paid
to this day; but under a subsequent act of Congress,
passed in 1838, have be°n remitted m large
amounts, if not entirely Ini'eed, the past Admi-
nistration had received but Irtleaid from any such
inoidenial source-, though it had been exposel
constantly to new and large drains by judicial de-
cisions—to drawbacks—reduction^—ind appropn
ations made much beyond the amount of the an-
nuaLes'imates. It had, houevtr, obtained som 
relief from one among the items which Mr. Ewmg
had arrayed against it, as an excess of expendi-
ture over receipts, to the eitent (f thirty one mil-
lions, and which he had so talked about in connec-
tion with the debt created by the past Administra-
tion, as to make many of his party, n ihe manner
before explained, say that the Secretary of the
Treasury had character zsd these lhirty-on.. mil-
lions as a dtbt. But the honorable Senator from
Maine now says this is a phaatasy. Yes, a nvse-
rable "gobhn damned."
Yet that Administration hal much more extra-
ordinary expenses to meet than the amount of any
extraordinary aids reciivtd from the collcctun of
its dues, fiom banks, or any other source. So.far
from having been blessed with a time of peace at
home, as intimated, a war has been carried on dur-
icg the whole four jears of the Administration, at
a greate  expenditure of blood and treasure than
any frontier war this country has been ever en-
gaged in—and this war still exists, notwilhstaiiding
the bravery and skill combined in the present Ad-
ministration Tne last Administration had done
more, considering its means,, and th2dfl1euluei.1t
had to contend wiib, than any that had preceded It
With reductions m the tariff, to the amount of forty
or fifty millions; with the convulsions in commerce
and business, occasioned by two suspensions of the
banks of the country, it had jet, in despite of ihese
difficulties, maintained the public credit unim-
paired.
But will the Senate spare me a moment longer
to reply to another animadversion by ih3 honora-
ble member, rather more person il to myself.
[Here several voices said, ' Go tn, ¡;o on "]
Instead of vindicad g th" pre"ent Secretary
throrghout, beseems inclined to abandm him in
manv respects entirely, and, I suppose, by a sort of
set off, then assails mc.
I regret this, as I never begin reflections of this
character, but will most assuredly repel them, come
whence they may, whenever their importance and
the time and occasion justify it.
It sestns that I committed a heinous sm in writ
ing and urging on Receivers too often a careful dis-
charge of their duties. He probably thinks that
the more modern military style of the present Ad-
ministration should have been adopted, and whe-
ther sufficient cause existed er not, 1 «hould have
said to the President at ones, "off with their
heads."
"Let me caution that gentleman against too sud-
denly introducing into our civil system of equal
rights and privileges, cither military, dru-n-head,
court-mart al codes, or precedents from the worst
eras ot European de potism. These recent,
reckless,prescript ve, and almost universal remo-
vals for mere opinion's sake, can hardly be sanc-
tioned by any good precedent, nor, when applied to
officers like receivers and collectors, connected
with the collection and safe-keeping of the pubic
money, will they be very nkely to aid in replenish-
ing your Treasury
If every officer, too, like areceivei, "s to be re-
moved for every mistake in his returns-, or every
failure of the mail to bring them at the day due, or
for every aeoident'preventing a deposite at the
hour required, and is not to be first written to, as
was done by me for explmation, you may be as-
sured that the Treasury Department and the Pre-
sident will always have full employment jn merely
removing and appointing to office, without engag•
lrg m other oífb al du íes And if a «. ngle mis
take or error of that kind is to be considered a
good cause for immedia'e d smis^al from office—
both the Presdent and Secretary might do well,
und r the mistakes and eriors recently committed
m their public communication', to consider by
how frail a tenure they hold their 0 in high sta-
tions.
Why, sir, not a smg'e mail can rcch this Capi-
tol of the Union—from our two to t ree millions
cf <quare mi!cs in territory—from its immense
northern lake6—rs distant Rocky Mountains—us
br ad ?ulfs, and exiended seab >ard, without some
nrfgu'armes or inf  rmaltties in th- returns of
offi ers, cinnee'ed either with the m h'ary or some
of the numerous branches of the civil service.
None without tome defects in and Aom them-
selves, and none withe ut some derived from others.
None without some accident of sickness in the
officers or their families, or without some dtsas'er
by flood or field, to cau<e unexpected error or
de'av. The corrc=p nJence with receivers, to
which he refers, was written under such crcum-
stances and m such ca^es. Simt'ar correspondence
has always taken place under my predecessors—
voluous, like that which has been published, conld
be collected from other periods, and 111 all the De-
partments.
Some cases of this kind under Mr. Gallatin, and
especially one wnh a collecting officer at N*w
Orleans, have been published years ago in your
own edition of certain public documents. The
officer afterwards turned out to be a large de-
faulter, and, like some more modern ones, fled to
Europe.
But did Mr. Gallatin, or Mr. Madron (for
it is the President and not 'he Secretary that
can remove or appoint) at once remove th 
officer before the defalcation was adm tted or
ascertained on our book ' No. In every m-
s'ance, also, m all the recent correspondence to
which the gentleman reftr , not a ea¡>e can be
fjucd of a warrant on a receiver being protested
or unpaid, unless explained by some acciient, and
the receiver was not forwith suspended or removed
So no case existí of a pecuniary dffanlt or em-
btzzlement clearly ascertained on on1- own books,
when the offending receiver was not dismissed, if,
in the mean time, he had not resigned.
Bjt, for party purposes, the incessant labor of
thf D partment, n ght and day, at all seasons
and under all discouragemen s, to spur officers
up to punctuality—*o mercas" their care in
having formal return —to make them faithful
and prompt in their deposite,_and thus saving
many thousands, if not millions, to the Treasury;—
thi>> now, by, honorable opponents, is again to be
revived and distorted into a par isan therre for
taunts, for «coff, for scorn. One sentence is,
probably, as heretofore, to be quoted, and another
explaining it to be suppressed. One letter read,
and the reply, clearing up any doubt, not read.
Different letters to the same person, in different
yeírs, and under new and different circumstances,
are to be represented as all belonging to one transac-
fon.
But enough of this for the prerent. History wilj,
when set right, settle this question also, with many
others of a like character. Tmv rnuc'i, at all
events, is certain; that not so much money in
amount has b'en lost by all the receivers combined,
who are mentioned in that correspondence, as has
been lost, in a short period since, in each of a do/ien
caws of officer:, in banks, appointed and legulated
by our opponents, and bedongmg to their own
ranks.    No, sir, not so much by three times told.
A few words more on two or ihree other of the
Senator's allusions, unleoS the Senate is too much
fah ued for me to proceed.
[Many said " No, no—go on "J
Well, sir, the Senator from Maine observed, that
the celebrated specie circular operated so a* to
draw money from New York city, and should,
therefore, on my reasoning as to the new project
for a Fiscal Bank in this report, and the supple-
ment to it, have been condemned.
I am happy to agree with him that, m times like
theie, or m any ordinary times, that particular ef-
Senate.
feet of the specie circular would hive bten inju-
rious But the measure had other influences whtch
were highly salutary, and in the peculiarly extra-
ordinary crisis then existing, l's tendency to with-
draw some specie from New York city, served to
check and terminate a greater evil—the immense
overtrading ihere, and the immense paper bubble
'peculations that then nundaled, like a second de-
luge, the whole country. These it immediately
began to thwar', embarrass and destroy. Fortu-
nate would it have been for millions of people,
could some meas'ire have effocitd ihe same result
a year earlier Thus did this incident of it prove
m that emergency highly beneficial. Yet the Se-
ni'oi cen«med it, ahile noik ng that salutary cor-
rection, became it removed -*onie specie from the
great centre of commerce, while he vindicates tnis
report and its supplemental project ot a bank, cal-
culated to withd'aw bpecie fn in the same place
even in ordinary tunes and as th- ordma>y settled
policy t f the Secretary's financial schemes The
Secretary sctb', also, thus to remove the specie by
his new banking machine to be locked here as its
c-mre, and abuses the Sub Treasury for concen-
trating specie in New York, when Mr. Gallatin,
in the pamphlet before mentioned, declares, like
the authormes cited lb  other day, that the places
f< r such a Bank are "the great centt es of commerce,"
(93d page,) and its board of control must not be,
as in this city, m the centre, I admit, merely of
court etiquette and fashion, but must "sif in a great
COMMERCIAL city " (95th page )
We have heard much, aUo, in this report and
the message, and elsewhere, of the benefits the
new "Fiscal Bank," would prodtn e on exchanges.
But the difference in what is called exchanges, is
often a difference between the value of gold and
silver, and the value of mere irredeemaole paper;
and thu-, what are called exchanges, are swollen
to 10 or 15 p;r cent, when real exchanges between
specie in one place and specie in anoiher, are not
one per cent. It is truly said, by the distinguished
financier before cited, that a National Bank cannot
remedy this, unless it can drive out the local pa-
per That in respect to mere exchange-, it can
only buy and sell like others, at marKet prices,set-
tled by other great laws of trade, pervading trie
civilized world, and which this Bank can neither
control nor alter. Nor can it, wh only ten or
fifteen millions of currency, expel one hundred
and twgnty millions of local bank pa~er. The
idea that it can, 1 quite as crude as ihe other about
its great influence over exchanges. Mr Gallatin,
is as explicit on this point as on the other;
though I will not now detain the Senate bv read-
ing quotations as to botn. But it is intimated,
that ill-1 revulsions of 1837, as well as the excesses
of 1836, were attributable to the past Administra-
tion Without stopping on this occasion to argue
that point, I \\ ill refer merely to the admission of
the same political opponent, [Mr. Gallatin,] whose
high standing m these matters has been more than
once recognised in a very flattering manner on this
floor.
Mr. G. ?ays, (pnge 32)—
"The unlbies*-cn, unexampled accumulation oí the public
revenue was one of the principal proximaie causes of the dis-
asters that followed It cannot be ascribed either 10 Tim
President or to anx branch of Got em1me%t, and its effects
mighthave been the same, whether the public deposreswete
in the Stale banks or had been left 111 the hatioialliank, 01-
gamzed and governed as that was "
Tne bame idea had, on more than one occasion,
been set forth in documents emanating from the
Treasury Department. But then its correctness
was stoutly denied by the partv now in power,
both m and out of Congress. I rejoice that the
scales have already fallen fiom. the eyes oí some
of the most able among thern.
Again, in the f-ce of no little upbraiding, I re-
monstrated m 1836 against the too rapid collection
and distribution of the surplus; and in another de-
bate, at this session, took the liberty to explain in
detail the injurious operation of that dangerous
provision, and which, rather than any mal-
administration by the Treasury Department,
hurried on the catastrophe which followed.
Without going into a similar explanation again at
this time, let me merely give a few remarks of Mr.
Q. on that feature of the bill:
"Its process was much too prompt." "The Legis 
