58
APPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
ST'-rat Cono......1st Sbss.
Jieport of the Secretary of the Treasury—Ah. Wright.
Senate.
Bi9 note to his estimate to the present Secretary of
"^ttt, fot this same objcc!, as w ill be seen Above,
¿«saying in that note, that the sum appropriated
at" the last session of Congress was too small, by
die sum of $19,388 052, the amount he now asks.
This last sum is part of ihe $825,637 86 now ask-
ed by the Secretary as a new appropriation, and is
unquestionably an arrearage of 1840.
The next item in this estimate ot the Paymaster
Seneral, is in these word :
"For pay of abatiallion of Geoigta volunteers, 863993 92
The first item of the above estimate vv as presented to Congi ess
at the last setston, but was not appropriated (See document
No* 70, H ofR page 3) The balance, «39549 84, was in
eluded in the es imate for I 500 mounted and 500 foot volun
teers for 1841, for which no appropriation was made —(Seethe
same document, pages 4 ant! 5 )"
The document referred to in this note to the
above item of estimate is ihe same document to
which he had referred in his remarks upon the
preceding item, as will be seen by the respective
marks of reference. It was, therefore, before him,
and apon page 3 he found an estimate with the fol-
lowing heading-
"Esimateof the amount, required to pay a battalion of Geot
gia volunteers, called into the set vies of me United fciatesli/br
three nwnthSi m 1S40 JJ
The footing of this estimate is $29 446 08, and
is the precise difference between ti e amount of the
above estimate,$68 995 92, and ihe sum. which is
termed "the balance, $39 549 84," mentioned id
the note to that estimate as having been "inoluded
in the estimate for 1,500 mounted and 500 foot vo-
lunteers/or 1841 for which no appropriation was
■made." This must show conclusively that of the
sum here esiim->ied for, $29,446 08 was for the ex
penditure* of 1840 and ihe remaining amount of
$39,549 84 for the contemplated expenses of 1841.
If this last sum had been actually expended, upon
which he should remark heieafter, there was
nothing in the public documents, so far a  he had
been able to examine them, to show how much of
it had beea expend* d before, and how much since,
the 4ih of March Ijsi, unless the estimate for th#
three months in 1840 of this «me battalion ol
Georgia volunteers bo made ihe standird ot the
future eipen«ek ot he cup.. Tins would present
a monthly expenditure of $9,815 30, and the ex-
penses for the two first months of the year, at that
iate, would have been §19,630 72, thus leaving
$19,919 12 of the -anule estimate to have been ex-
pended after the 4i|i ol Mutch Oí this I'em of es-
timate theiefore, §1  076 80 cm be fairly put
down as 'arrearagi <•," and ihe balance mus go to
the account ol ihe new Admini-diaiioi, as ihe cur-
rent expenses of he last ten month"" ot ih? j t ar
The remaining item in this estimuc from ttie
Paymaster Ganual was in ihe fol owing words
1 For pay ol TI u id i volunteers   ^ *7 JJo U
"Iht ibovc w ihiinJudi-d irillie bum ol & WiJI" c n n tti I
ioi by tlil-f JJcp utii)<.iit, m Imibnnttid In th li i ( 11 „n <*tim
drr the head ol piyol I WO mounie I an I rIW fun volunten*
fm the yeai 18-i 1 — (Set il icunx nt No 70 11 ol li pigesland
5 )   No «ippiopi lation waj m ido loi these tioops '
Again: the «me document ot the House ol Re-
presentatives is refen ed to in this estimate, and
upon pages 4 and 5 he found two reveial otim.-ues
with this genrral heading?, viz
"Estimate of the am unit i «quit til to piy I jQJ mounlc^atid
5J0 Í iot voluuletii for tilt ytai lh-11  '
"Tteo levunenls tj'mmintcdloluntieiy '
The looting of this estimate is, on page 4,
$489,010 96
Then follows, on page 5, the follow-
ing head
"One battalwn of foot voltinteci s '
The footing of tnis estimate is           -    77,206 82
And the two together make exactly
the sum mentioned in the note to
the above item of estimate, of $566 217 78
This must snow, beyond the possibility of doubt,
that the «h;!e oí this itejj of Cot ma'e was for the
current service of ihe yeir 1841, but Ihete is no-
thing upon the face of tot. estimate-, or m the reports
of the Secretary of War, or ihe Treasury, to sho.v
what portion of the su.i was expended before and
what since the 4th of March last, if indeed the
expenditure has yet been made at all It is woi-
thy of remark, however, that the sum asked to be
appropriated is $14,105 03, more than half of the
whole estimated pay of the two thousand volun-
ieers for the whole year 1841, although the esti-
mate is made under date of the 31st of May,
when but just five months of the ye. r had elafSfd
The general remarks wh'eh follow trom. these
facts are, tb t .his la^t e íma'e was entirely for ihe
current service rf 1841, and not any portion of it
foi "arrearages" of the year 1840, and that the
fair pre umption from the est mate i-, t'iat the
w hole is prospective, and predica ed upon the a«-
sump'i m that Congress will, hereafer, authorize
the employment of these volunteers for the re-
maining seven months of ihe jear
Th s preemption is confirmed by the fact that
these estímalas tor ihe who'e year were submittej
to Congress at the last ses'ion, and appiopmiicis
were refused. He was able to say, from h s own
distinct recollection, lhat these appropriations- were
not merely omitted for want of time and attention,
but that they were refused because Congres  did
not believe it expedient to authorise the employ-
ment of two thousand volunteers in the further
prosecution of our disastrous war m Florida, but
that it should be prosecuted in future, unless <ome
unant cipated contingency should change the as-
pect of things, by the regular army of the United
S ales alone. In conformity with this policy, an
appropriation was made, in connection with the
geneial army bill, of the sum of $1,061,816, to
cover«o much of these estimates of the Pay and
Quartermaster General's Departments as was sup-
posed to be necessary, rejecting from bo'h all sums
included to cover the expen-es of these volunteers
for the current year.
The only item in the estimate from the duar
termastar General which goes io make up la s sum
of $825 637 86 is one oí $440,040, and is pre-
sented by him in the following: language
"QUAUIEUM A&TLU GnSTL-iVL 8   Ol I ICE,
Wuhuigtm ( Hi/   May JF> 1811
Sit Inrtplyto yolll iiitiuny whelhi t any liiilhtt a, pio
prm ion will be icq uied tol this Dep utmeut dulii!" the pre
sen! ye u, I h ivo the honor to íepoit that at least & 110 010
will Ik nues&uy lui the huvioe ol tins Ixpaitmenl connected
tvnh llu    [ rt itions in i lo ida
' On the tutu 1 Movtn l i 1810 Ipir-ierit dunest mile luí
tile I I mil l Mavlee 01 M JOIMHIO ol wlni h only the su n ol
$sO)bl)\v¡* i,i( io| ilalcil lci\li)£ l dehenniy oí the «uní I
i i v itrfk J la intut «ti api /opi uüiov IhaXf nodoutil, u is
m lO/isri/iieitlL ol llu helttf, gentei ally cntei tamed thitlkc
u ni a utd man terminate 1 did not then, and do not now,
oncui m tint bUiel My ostimuo was loumltd on a peiÍLtt
1 n iwled^e ol tht. hflt ultit-g to be eacouoleicj, aid ot the
wants ol the service in tlondi, an 1, il 1 un notgieuly mib
liken, it will bel mndbe/oi e tin. dote of the /uti that it wis
t minimum t-tiuntc evuy dollai ol whuhwillb  neceü«aty
"J tin su, most remote tully, j out o >i'n ni sei vi t
III   ¡>   It M 1'
* (¿tuilci master Gomial
' II    Hon   Ions li ii
"Siinltiiy i>¡ Ha?, Itít liinstoh '
Ihij la-i^uage cohc UMvely proves (hit Ihj
principal j art of the estímale of ihe 14'hol N -
ve nber, 1840, was prospective, and lhat cvrn tho
-nil of $440,040, hce estimated 'or, is prospec ive,
loi ihe < un en t service ol ih s yeai, and lhat tho
Q, íartci master General look^ to ' the cío e of the s/ear"
as ihe lew ot tie orrectness ot this esumate. Is
it then íoi "arrearafes"'! Mich more, is it for
"anearagts" of 1810'
Ilewoulnseewb.it the SiCretiry of War said
upon 'hi-i point     His I n guage was as fo'iow
'Aldl'imi! ippiopuati n^ U tin ainui lit of S8J5,t)37 so aie
Itqimi-d bv ttie Í' ty an 1 (.-taailmiimti i'o ll^pnlmeutp_/ir the
*e l ttcoflhe piemen! yen 1 lie amount ^ ed by the Quai
ti i ma=tcr General appwrs to be indispensable Itisab tit the
httm which * ongre-s at the last -.0=^1011 laikd to aopiopiiate,
th mgb un Indcd m the e-itiin ites ard uiidrntiod It In mpnrt
foi ar rent at; 1 <,f01 Ike yeai 18 0, and a ¡a ge pmtiun c} Hip
ji efint demand may not be inipiopei ly ¡>etdoun to Hiélame
ut nint A poitwn of the sum ipquired by the PaylXput
menus foi ui 1 cm ages fm the. yeai 1840, as will appear from
¡hi it-poit ol ihe Ptymialei Geneial '
[Here Mi Wiught yielded to a moiion thit the
Senate pioceed to ihe consideration of Executive
business ]
Friday, 18 h June, 1841.
Mr WRIGHT «a d, when he yielded the floor
yesterdaj, fe was 1 «mining ihe last 1 e-n of the
ne-w appropriations ieo mmended by the Secretary
ot the Tieasuty, not to mtien for the pnrposerf
ihowmg ihe propriety, or impiopnety, ofthe?p
propnations asked for, as with reference to that
' resl" m the accounts whicn had been promised
Ha looked upon the report now under considera-
tion as the auihoruy upon which the new account
was to be opened, and he was, therefore, anxious
to ascertain what was, m fact, "arrearage," and
what current expenditures and of the "arrearage"
he was equally armoas to know to what pried of
time to apply the term and theexpendi'ure, wuciher
before or after that 4th of March, which was the
true point of separation. Not finding the report as
clear as he cou Id wish m ihi5 particular, he had
been compelled to be lediouoly nu-ute m his refe-
rence to ¡he documents upon which it was b'sed,
a<d he trusted he had succeeded m making the di-
viding lire with as much fccur?cy as those docu-
ments would authorize He would not now trou-
b e th© Senate with recapitulation, or with any
further references to the papers and a very brief
glance at the progress by which this whole item
had Lecom* the " aireatages" of 1840 should dis-
miss the sulject.
He had given the estimates in detail, and though
not as specific as he could wish, tlvy spoke for
themselves, and showed, to a \ery great extent,
what part of the sums asked for were to pay " ar-
rearages," and what to pay current and fmure ex-
penses, and, to a greater extent and certamtv, they
showed what portion of the sum of $825,637 86
was lequired to pay arrtarages of 1840, and what
to meet the current expenses of 1841. The esti-
mates of the Paymaster General were distinctly
eparated upon ihis point, pnd left no doubt, and
that of ihe Quartermaster Genera', submitted on
the 14 h of November, 1840, s aied, "oi present-
ing the modified es'ima'e on the 8th of July, I
expressed the opinion that 1' would probably meet
all demands against the Department to the 1st of
D cember. I now find that the whole appropria-
tion will be exhausted before that time," not that it
is exhausted on the 14th of November, 1840. He
continues "And I respectfully ask ibat measures
be adc p ed to obtain a partial appropriati n of from
three to four hundred thousand delUrs, as early m
the session as possible," meanmg ihe session of Ccn-
grcs wh ch was to commence on ihe first Monday
of December, 1840. Here, then, was h.s measure
of utficiency and want until the regular annual ap-
propriations of Ihe session, v ¡rich he kne« , as every
one e se knows, never pa<s at the short sessions
until about the 1st of Marc'i. "Ihrce or four hun-
dred thousand dollars" would complete his expen-
ditures for 1840, and brng him up to that period
in 1841. Nothing was appropni ted upon h s esti-
mate until the passage of the general army appro-
priation bill, about the 1st of March, and lh«n be
ttlls. us, in his estimate now submitted, and above
given, that $859 960 were appropriated for his u e,
and that he now wants $440,040 to carry n m
safely 1 * "ihe eio e o£ the year," as he thml-i.
Thtsc aie the facts.
Th"y pass to ihe Secretary of Wai, and 1 e 'ays
"Additional appropriations, t> th  amount of
$825 637 SG are lequired bv the Pay and duar
teriiiaster'o Departments for the 'trvxe oi the pie-
síníyear" Speakm  fun her of the sum asked by
ihe duarlermaster, he «a)s- 'It is undtrstt ed to
be mi part foi 'arrearages' for the jear 1S40," and
of the sum a^ked bv the Paymastci, "a prrhm of
the sum it quired by ih  Pay Department is for
'arrearages' of the, year 1840, <>s will appear by the
repoitoi the Paymaster General." Now ha had
given enme the reports 01 estimates of these offi-
cers, so far as they related to this point, from which
it mould apj ear that the remark of the Secretary ef
War as to the sum asked by the Paymaster Gene-
ral «/&•> technically true, though he could net agree
with that officer m his untie?standing that any por-
tion of the sum now asked by the Quartermaster
General was to pay "arrearage^" for the >ear
1840, or lhat "a large portion" of the present de-
mand may not be improperly set down to the tame
account " Yet this Secetaty only claims parts
and portions of e'tner estimate as applicable to the
expenses of that year. Tne same iacto pass to the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, rnd there
the whole sum becomes "arrearages for patenting
and suppressing Indian hostilities," but without
any specification of time to which the "arrearageo"
are applicable. His report c< mrs into the Senate,
and here the honorable Senator from Mame [Mr
Evans] makes the whole "arrearages" for the year
1840, and charges the amount, $825,637 86, to the
account of the late Administration before the
"resl" in the accounts. Now he must hope that
this was not the proetts by which these accounts
