éi
APPENDIX TO Ttt? CONGRESSIONAL GLOBU-
June, 1841.
27th Gong.......1st
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
$5j*2HyíÍíl¡ 'but there is a note'appended, which
gives the items that compose it, which, stiange to
tell, gives not ^that ¡sum, bat the one I have
stated, and is so footed, miking a diffe-
rence of nearl/ $150,000. I have taken
the oriel have, as I find the items that compose
it, stated in another part of the report, according
wilh those that give ifaat sum. Tae next and last
sunt that composes the items, which malíes up, ae-_
cording to the data of the Secretary, the demands
on the Treasury for the year, is one of #3,009,-
8)9, the estimated difference between the outstand-
ing appropriations at, the end of this year, com-
pared with those oi the end of the last year. This
sum I have obtained m the following manner.
The Secretary estimates the demands on the Trea-
sury, from the 4th of March to the end of the year,
at $33,429,618, and that which will be required for
the service of the year, from the 4th of March to
the end, at $24,210 000. The diBerence between
them ($9,296,616) would, of course, be the
amount of the outstanding appropriations, accord-
ing to his estimate, at the end of this year. Take
that from the sum of $ 12,306,265, which he states
to be the amount of the outstanding appropriations,
at the end ot last year,(sce 12 h pege ot report,) and
the difference will give ¡h; amount I have staled,
us chargeable to the disbursements of the year;
and all the items added, the aggregate amount of
those disbursements, according to ihe Secretary '.-,•
own data. Subtract tin agrégate mean* of the
)ear ($24 942,935) from the aggregate demands,
($93,012,776) and the di-ficit would be $3,069 841.
But from mis, two items must be eleariy deduct-
ed. Firs', the omission in stating, among ihe
means of the year, the item oí $215,151 of money
m the mints belonging to the Treasmy. Next,
tea oveicharge in the disjure-eaients ot $1 110,-
611 of Trv -.ury note-s-, iís'ied und r ihj au 1840,
between the 31-t Diceo.bsr, 1840, and 4 ¡i oí
March, 1841, fcnd which will not fad due tiil next
year. Both the Senators who preceded me, havs
clearly shown this to be an overcharge. I will not
attempt to add to their proof. These two items
added make $1,325,762, and that sum subtracted
from $3,069,841 gives, for the deficit, according to
the Secretary'^ own data, at the end of ihe year,
the sum ot f 1,743,979. He estimates it at $16,-
088,215, mailing an over estimate on his own data
of $14,039,036.
It is true that he makes out his deficit in part,
' by adding items that have not been, and a larpe
part of thtim piobably will not be, approptiated by
Congress; but when we speak of deficits, v. e refrr
to the excess of the authorized demands on ¡he
Treasury over its available means, and not sucii
demands as the Secrfiary, or any one else, may
think ought to be authorized by law. In that sense
there would be no ¡imitaiion in the deficit.
Among items of this kind ihe Sccreiary h->s ad ',-
ed die of four millions of dollars, to consume a
standing deposite in lheTieasury, that it, the pro-
jected Bank; and this he proposes to borrow, vay
at six-per cent, which would mske an annual
charge of $240,000 on the people, that the
Bank may have the use of it for nothing. I, for
one, shall never agree: to such a mesure. If ihe
Treasury is to be guarded against the contingency of
an accidental deficit,a vote of credit authorizing the
temporary use of Treasury notes, or, as called in
England, exchequer bills, would be gteatly prefer-
able. There is another large item of nearly a
million and a half, in addition to what has already
been voted this year for fortificotioas, to which I
shallnotgive my asieot. The great changes that
steam has made, and ihe still greater that it must
make in the operations of war en the ocean, re-
quire that the whole subject ot the defence of our
maritime frontier should be reviewed by able and
skifful officers, b: fore we proceed any further in
the present system of formications. Much that
has been dene, and what is proposed to be donp,
would prove, on such view, to be wholly use-
less— money thrown away. I say nothing of the
other items of the kind; ihey are small. Nor wilt
I undertake to show what.will be the actual de-
ficit, if any. It wauld be too hazirdoa?. The Se-
cretary can make it more or les*, or nothing at
all, at his pleasure, But if he should choose to leave
the outs anling appropriadoris a? theysteod last
year, there would be in the Treasury a considera-
ble surpl is, instead of a deficit. On the eonb-ary,
if he should undertake to spend the whole, he
may increase the deficit by many millions. We
know what his "desire i?, and it remains to be
seen what he will d'\
But, sir, another and more important question
demands our attention. Why ihis deep and anxious
solicitude to make out a large deficit?- Does it ori-
ginate in party feelings'? Is the object to detract
from his predecessors in office, by showing that
they have left the finances in an embarrassed con-
dition? It may be so in part, but it would be do-
ing the Secretary sreat inju-tice to suppose that it
was bis sole or principal motive. No; it was much
higher. It. originated in the belief, that to make
out a larga and permanent deficit, for which no
provision was made, was highly important, if not
necessary, to carry out the measures which he and
his parly contemplated. Hence the solicitude—
hence the zeal that has led to so many errors and
discrepancies, and  to so great an over-estimate.
What these measures are, for wh'ch such anx-
iety is felt, the Secretary has not left us to conjec-
ture. He has told u.5 plainly: they arc, first and
foremost, a funded debt, to be followed by a Na-
tional Bank, and through it the reiteration of the
partnership of the Government wuh the banks,
and that by a heavy addition to ihe taxes, by an
increase of the tariff, and finally the distribution
among the ¡States of the revenue from the public
land?.
The debt is to be funded in stocks, redeemable
in eight years; and is to consist, in the first place,
of his estimated deficit of upwards of vxteen mil-
lions, of which four millions is to be, in reality, a
permanent loan to the Bank, withe u' interest, as
his been s'ated. In the next, of ¡six mil ons to be
subscribid bv him as emr share of the Bank stock,
and then $9,3G7 214 of stock to be subscribed by
him for the States. What right have we to autho-
rize him to subscribe for the States? In virtue of
what right cr,n we give such authority?
The Secretary felt the difficulty; and to make out
a show of right for such an-extraordinary propo-
sition, he ha* taken a liberty in using words un-
exampled in any public document that ever passed
under my eyes. He has converted the fourth in-
stalment under the deposile act of '3G, pro-
posed to be placed for safei.eepin? in the Stale
Trea<ury for the use of ihe Government when-
ever called for. into a debt to the Sia'e! He
speaks of it as due to the Stiffs in one place, and
as appropriated to them in another. Where wi'l he
find ihe evidence of such debt, or the act making
the appropriation? Will' he point to the act o>'
'36? that makes it, asp'ainly and strongly t% wo-ds.
can, a mere dcr-o.-iie for safe keeping for our use,
whenever cilled for; that i°, a debt from the Slates
to the Government, and not from it to them, And
yet, the Sei'ietary is so intent on cairying out his
scheme, that he cha- get at pleasure the relations
of tr-e parties—makes the Government, a-d not
the Spates, the debtor—proposes to subscribe their
debt to the Government, as so much stock in the
B.ick to their credit, for which th? Government is
to pay them interest on th? debt they owe it; and
to cap the climax of perversion and absurdity, he
provides that if any State shou'd refuse to accept
it¿ share of the subscription, it&hall go to the other
Slates, thus taking from o Stats at his p'eaMire,
what he says is due to it, ar.d giving it to
the other States, without leave or license!
lie deals with words,, rights, and property,
as if his Will was the only standard ui e.ther;
make; debts from the States, debts to them,
and transfers what he asserti belongs to one, to
others, just es it suits him ! But I see that the
committee has just reported a bill, which omits a
provision founded on such monstrous perversion
and abuse e>f language; and I shall omi; the resi-
due of the remarks I intended to make on this
point. These items, which it is proposed should
compose the proj cled debt, exceed thirty-.me mil-
lion of dollars; and exceed, by rather more than
a million, the amounfof thestockofthebank. Of this
large funded debt, (nearly equal to half of that of
Revolution,) upwards of nineteen millions is to go
directly to the creation, or*the benefit of the Bank,
and the remaining twelve millions is no doubt in-
tended to go into the hands of individuals, with the
view, in part, of furnishing tha means of me-etii g
their subscription; that is, the Bank is to be manu-
factured out of the credit of the people. A mortgage,
in the shape of public stocks, is to br< laid on
their indu-try and property, to the amount of 'h r-
ty-one millions; that to be converted into cash,
and thirty millions of it incorporated into a
Bank, to be put under the control and manage-
ment of seven directors, in this District! Add,
that the Bank is to have the use of the public
revenue, till wan'ed for disbursements, and that its
notes are made equal to gold and silver every wheie,
m its collections and disbursements, and you will
hive the project of the Secretary, that has been so
much lauded by his party !
To meet this heavy incumbrance on the labor
and property of the people, ar,d to cover the deficit
which would be caused by the distribution of the
revenue from th  lards, he next proposes to impose
a heavy tax of 20 per cent, on the importaiion of
all articles now duty free, with the exception of
those contained in the 5th section of the compro-
mise act, and to raise the duty to 20 per cent, on
all the articles which pay less than that; the effects
of which would be double nearly the present duty
or lax on imports
To complete the list of these olious and oppres-
sive measures, he proposes, finally, that unconsti-
tutional, dasgerous, and detestable measure—the
distribution of the revenue fiom the public lands
among the States; which must end in a final lo^s
to 'he Government of this great and growing
branch of re venue, and a permanent mortgage to
stockholders, domestic and foreign, of the whole of
the public domain, con i-ting of more than a thou-
sand roil ions of acres; the noble inheritance fse-
quevfted by cur Sncestors to us and tur posterity.
Such are the measures proposed by the Secretary;
and for ihe adoption of which he and the party
in power display so much solicitude. A perma-
nent funded debt lies at the bottom of the whole
scheme, and hence the deep anxiety to make out a
great deficiency in the revenue; in order to afford a
plausible pretext to create such a debt. But I stop
not here. I push my inauiry beyond the measures
themselves to the motive of their authors, and ask
why such solicitude to adopt them at this time?
Why the zeal of the Secretary so strongly display-
ed in his report? Why the esll of ihis extraordi-
nary seision at this sultry season, at such great in-
convenience of the members, and heavy charge on
the country? Why the universal" and pressing
demand through all the organs of the party
for acton, ins'ant action? And why, finally,
the decree of urgency here; the enactment of new
rules to cut short inquiry and discussions, and the
more rigid and despot c enforcement of the old
ones, thzm has ever been known, to curtail debate.?
What is the motive for all this?
If we are to believe our opponents, it originates in
the highest and purest Kioive of patriotism and hu-
manity, that their object is lo relieve the elislress of
the country. The distress of the countr}! Who is
meant by the country? The great mass of the com-
muni y, the people, who live on their own means
and industry, and look not to Government for
favors? Do they mean by the country ihe tax
payers in contradistinction lo lax consumers—those
who support the Government, and not those who
are supported by u? Are these measures intended
to relieve them? Would it releve them, to place
on their industry and propeity a mortgage of more
than. th,riy-one millions of dollars in the shape of
a permanent funded deb', and which would annu-
ally extract from them neaily two millions of dol-
lars to pay the interest only? Would it re-
lieve them to impose ai additional tax of at
least twelve millions, by levying a duty on cof-
fee, tea, snd other article?, of 20 per cent.; that is,
to take one pound in six of all the?y consume-?
Would it relieve them to suirender for ever the
revenue from the public lands,. which cannot be
estimated at less than five millions of dollars an-
nually, fur the m?xt ten years, with a prospect of a
great increase in future, to be given away to spe-
culators and dealers in Slate stocks, for which the
