June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th ConG"-1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In Senate, Tuesday, June- 15, 1841—In reply to
Messrs. Rives, Chcate, Hdhtington, and Pres-
ton, on the motion of Mr. Rivts to refer so
much of the President's message as relates to
our foreign affairs to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed his thanks to the
Senate tor their kind indulgence m peimittinghim
to address them this morning, instead of requiring
him to pioceed at the late hour last evening when
the adjournment was made. Ho should endeavor
to merit this indulgence by confining himself to as
brief a reply as, poss.bie to the observations which
had been made in answer to his former remarks.
And first, «aid Mr B. I cannot but feet highly
gratified that the few remarks wh'ch I made m
opening this debate, were sufficiently potent to call
form four such d.stirgoished Senators in reply as
those from Virginia, [Mr. Rivi s,] Mas*acbi\<etls,
[Mr Choatí.,] Conreeticut, [Mr. Huntington,]
and South Carol.na, [Mi. Pheston ] In contend-
ing aga,nst such an ho t, my omy wonder is that I
have not b en entire!', demolished Than!«. be to
Providei ce, I an jet . ive ?nd ready for the con-
flic'; and, what is of more importance, ray argu-
ments remain untouched, however ably they may
have been assailed by the distinguished Kenators.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rivüs] has
preached me a homily on the subject of my party
feelings. I acknowledge m> self 'o be a parly man,
and wh}? For the very same n «son, 1 pf time,
which has, al-o, m&de the S oaior Ircm Virginia
a parly man ! «. nrerely believe that i'ig \ery
best mteiests of the country pre identifW wi h the
principien and ¡rvoiveJ in tre success of my part);
and he doubtless <n ertaios a mm lar cp.nion in
regard to the party to vhnh lv b¿'oi gs Ei he,
of all nvn, ought to bs the l*->* u ru in this S¿¡ a e
to reíd arte „cn a les'tn I- ' c no j a ty man
himself T i- h  «i i ot pr 'end Í th,  k I mi}
witn con fid ,co «p «1 lo ¡he Senate to deci e
whethei he jS no', at lite tie  y leas'., as strcrg and
ardent a pittj man zt, myself.
In regard to ou¡ f > eign relations, I hive ever
studiously avoided, as far a¿ th,s was possib e, ihs
influence of pariy feeling I have determined, on
this subject, to be ot no party but that of my ooun-
trj;and if I know myself, I should rather have
applauded, if that had b°en powfale, than con-
demned the conduct of the Secretary of Stale
in his recent transactions with'he Bn'ish Govern-
ment The commentaries which I have made on
his instructions to the <Utcrney General Ifeltmj-
self cal'ed upon to m-ke as an American Senator,
ealous of Lis country's honor
The Secie'arj's htad would ha/e been turned
long ago, it the incense oí flat ery cculo have pro-
duced this efli-ct E>ch oí tne tour Sena.ors has"
indulged in an ese --s of eulogy u~on him. As if
no one mortal a an con d be ju«tly compared with
him, he hasten almcst cufied by comparing him
wi h the whole R ,i a> Sei a e. The Senator from
Virginia has >nfori"pd.s t'at the Secre'aiv will
de'iver up HX'O U I'ili .tt^-h Government, as
the Roman Senate s-ut hpek the ¡r urderers ot iheir
embassador to K <ig Dcm-tnus, determmtdlike
them to avenge the .isii'ic^ered to his country, not
upon the h?ad of a„y snbo.dmate ¿gent, but of the
sovereign him-eif. We shall see heieafter the
jus'ice of this paral'pl.
I have been *or riany vears acquainted wiih the
distinguished antier i / the list uc  •« to Mr Cr -
tenden. For cond-nsat o i tt thougit and oí ex-
pression, and foi power of a'gfiient tnat grntli--
man is not so pa s^J itj any ru> 1V> th ' cou-trv.
But will thtbe q i-l'it a one n> u. ¿in a real
practi-als itesi-'an'! Ki, mi, no. To be -eh a
statesman hem -t b po a til n f ct o« as wl
as in argu-neots—- n deeds ,srti as in wards lie
must pos-esS ü c el ¿' a d <-oind judce en'—t e
moral firtr.n --, ".-«1 * <" =°lf -elianc  n\f ^ ' to
decide-nd to it wi'H romp*'e<-. and infgy, in
any ensi, o pontic Ir fia is The St-retrrj i not
the man  l,on 1 •■!  <t 'dect frr mv lc« tr n
time  of difti, nlty ¿ni cang r In the mighty
storms which «hake emp rt s, he is not th- man
whom I should place «it the helm to steer the ship
of Slate ¡n fafety through the raging billows Na- ,!
ture generally distributes her gifts with an impar-
tial hand. Some «he endows with great powers of
eloquence, and others with great powers of action;
but she se'dom combines both in the same indi
vidual. Demosthenes himself, the greatest of ora-
tors, fled disgracefully at "the battle (1 think) of
Cherontea, and afterwards accepted a bribe; whilst
Cicero was timid and irresolute by nature, and
was, even in the opinion of his own friends, unfit
for great actions. I would not attribute to the Se-
cretary that want of courage and firmness which
was so sinking in Demosthones and Cicero; and I
present these examples merely for the purpose of
p'ovmg that gre it powers, of ratiocination do not
alone make great siatesmen, fi'ted lo act upon try-
ing occisions In leaving ihe Seriate, the Secreta-
ry has, I think, left his proper ibeatie of action.
Should we be involved m serious difficulties vuth
England, I doubt whether he will ever be as con-
spicuous m the field of diplonntic action, a* he
has been in the field of debate His is not one of
tl ose master minds which can regulate and control
events
I shall now return to the subject of debate and
shall spend no more time upon it than may be
absolutely necessary to reply to the few points
made by those wha have, with such eloquence,
helped eulogy upon euiogy on the Secretary, in-
stead of refuting my arguments.
There are some important principles on which
thefoui Se,iat rs and mjself entirely agree And
m the first pUi*c, they ai1 coincide wi,h n e in >e-
gard to thoen imous outiagc committed on our
national sovereign y by tne capture ?nd destruc-
tion or ' the Caroline." We all agiee tha' t is was
a most a'roccus- invasion of our rigMs as a frr'
a id independent natío'. An 4me'ican vess l,
manned by A-n r can citizens, aid lymi within
our «rn wi cis ji'dri t' t piotrcu n o' vu* ci\ n il1 ,
has been scizud by i ü-".d i f \o ut''i" ina-andeis
liom upper C.ai d-, ha bem ii on fire, an i with
cm ma. aed aud rrurdt'cd c tiz n on b ard—the
living win the dead—has bten sent headh flg down
ihe dreadful ^recirice ot Niaga a We ..il agree
tb^t this ■ -s one of i^e «eaiest onfapes ever
comraitied by tie uljectsot < .   irtppci ient na-
tion agait t the sovereignty a.-' the citizens of
another.
Is there, then, any principle jf national law
of such lesistless power that i w 11 rescue
these murderers from trial and pui. ahment when
arrested wi htn the jjrisdiction oi the sove-
reign "state where their crimes have been cun-
limited? C*i the perreliatiis of this barbarity
be cloimea by their Government, aid u,>on its
subsequent assumption of their itspoi sibility
and then guJf, raest t ,i y be released and pel
mated to ¿o trse bj v rtue of any imperative man-
date oí tha 'aw Oi nations' Tl e British Govern-
ment and .he American Secietary cf Sia'e have
ans.vered liiis question in the affirmative, whilst I
t.ust Isnalbe ¿olcto pro.e t.iat the best wnteis
on pabl c i? ', as «reII as bol i reason and justice,
have ansí eted i  in the n gM.ve
Sir, I d ire 'u piy a f'tser" cd compiiniem both
to tne .i"gun eat ut 'He &eu?'>r from M- snihu-
setts, [Mr. Cfoíte ] ana to he A. lin>s Cv pU^cd
by him th'Oiga ut .us íemariís It was his fr t
appearaicem oebate here, and jn'girg n ethers
by mjseii, I must say, tha' those whr h.-ve lis-
tened to him once w 11 be anxioHS to hear him
a°am
On t'e (treat principio ofi ' ernatiínil la-v m-
vo'-ed in th s case, the Pena foi ind mydftn-
tir ly agiré i cee ot his p mt the'e i no con-
t-n ty of npni , bei-eenni'-t-if-nd ,py ot he
S naiors «ho hate r pued to no, uní  s it loa" h
tbr S n->tor f om Virgrw In rry p-t>ng r 
hi- Is I laid i'o'"ii t'e pi re le in Asbroid i<-m
as a'iy of (> em two I'd. I freely al i i d, th t
a'i tie mit'cin ao ho <l,isroncnred nr-d' ag,
that the l,iv i f i" t ons pi tecis ndiv di a 'om
pun shm ■•'n ti e-. ur off.  i v e' comf",
,,rin!, ic ? 's eo.Tinn ed iherc, m c'),ohc -e lo ¡'<>
iiiimWii/Uf'tM sovereign dn  < ? « sia e cj
pull c war cud that, ho, teW ..  Hu$ at has been
I sole n"/« declared or not, and whether it be general or
I partvU.   War has its own laws, and such indi-
viduals, if seized, can only be held as prisoners of
war They cannot be punished. Upon t!«i> prin-
ciple of the law of nations we all agree. It is
upon its application to the circumstances of the
present case, and upon lhat alone, that we differ.
I think I shall satisfy the Senate that no war of
any kind, under the law of nations, ensted be-
tween Great Britain and the Untied States, m con-
sequence of 'he attack upsn the Caroline; and that
the capture of this vessel was not an act of war.
I shall then conclusively establish, from, the very
authorities nted by the Senators, lhat the perpetia-
tors of this outrage are liable K be tried and pu-
nished m the criminal courts of New York.
If no war existed between the two nations,
then, according to the argument of the Sen? tors
themselves, M'Leod can enjoy no moiunity from
trial and punishment. Was the cajtuie of ihe
Caroline then an act of wai? I answer not. And
why? Because no power on earth, except it be the
supreme sovereign power of a nation, en make
war Ncy, more; no other power can even giant
letters of nairjue and reprisal The Tenate will un-
derstand thitlspeak of offensive war, such as (he
capture of the Caiohne must have been, it it were
war at all. I admit that any appropriate autho-
rity on the spot, from the necessity t í the cate,
may repel invasion, and thus make derensive \var.
What does Vattel say upon !hissub¡*e? He Ce-
clares that "war, under the lav? of nations, can never
be waged by any but the sovereign power oj a State.—
Vattel, page 291.
And again, in page 398, he says:
'The u-hi i>f nidkinf wai, is  e tuve shown in the first
chiptcrof this I iol solely belongs to tile sovt r* \«n power,
which not ontv ti Its whe hu it b( piopei to im>itdke the
wdi, nit to ¡letUveit,buthkewiss ihiecnall usopei tnnrf is-
circumstii lcs in the utmost¡mportai ro to fno ^thtvoi the
fttttt ¿>¿tbi*Lh thu(jmc cannot i f thrntbth e¿ íak< any
sí ens a tla^ (¡tur, twi aie thai allowed to ci wmit any act
oj hostility with ml ndtis j-nji i then hjlettt^u
Ihe e c unen aiy pimciplfs, .tc,b a"7 to pn-
ve'it natío s fiom being ínvolcel in the c-iicaune"
oí  j' by rvi ly r.ish pdven'nrer, or by any authority
short of the sovereign po i,er, are la d dt tvn by Ra-
iVritr h ss we'l a^ Vattel, and ev< ry i*hei wr.tcr
on tire law of naiions They are so s.r pie and so
consonant to ht'snan re.son, lhat I shaii read no
other authouty to establish them.
That t lere may be no escape from the arguraeat,
permit me to read a sentence or two l.om ihe la-
vóme author of the Senators, (2 Rutherionh's In-
stitute , 517,) to show what is the nature of public
war.
' Pubuc war says he, "la divided into perfect ant iraper
feet Ihe foimci soitis moie usually cat! 1 olemn accord
in  to the law ol natío is-, tnd the latter «nsolenn««i C. o ms
dermespeifectoisilemnwaiio bo such publn waiasisd ciar
edor piocliimcd'        .....        ' i nw'einn
ol 11 iperlect waii between nations', thai m su< !i v-ai 9 ai na
tions cany on against one anolhn without declaring or
■inoüuiiniiig thf.ni lauvgh thry are pulUc uí ;s, air ¿fldom
coIl dinaii. at all, Ihcy aie wore usually knou-n by the
name ofiejnisals or acts of hostility "
Thus the Senate will perceive that whether the
wir be solemn or unsolemn, perfect cr imperfect,
u is still pjblic war, and such as "nationi alone
can carry on E?ai s cob. otht r." It would be
vain 10 rVdpie t.iat tne scmre gn powei iloi,u can
wage sole-nn war, i' y u {errrnt mdviljak,
withoi't its!>uthority, to make rep s-hn <,iomit
acts of hostility. Suffer them to t!o th s, r-1 thty
rar invo've 'he r nation in a general \ jr. -o' only
vvaout th' co sent, but in oppositioa to th t\ul of
the sovereign power
Hav.ng t .u« established, by the h ghest an'ho'i
ty, that duo ic war, whether perfect or lEept'^ct,
can al ñe b waged by the commar.I oi the n it tn
or sovereicn power, let us proceed to ijiqui-e
whrtner the capture of the Caroline v as ai „ t of
PiiMc^di   by Great Bi tarn again l t e üi'ted
Sir   PS
W 1." be p-e'endtd by any person, that fh's ir-
••< louot cur teTi'ory wasauihcnzM ¡ ponmand-
c.ovih--cve gn pov< oí G.ii lirmti c- -
t piv not .fcp ition '."". aero s c
t?ia'! cptur- he Caroline, «-ml co . >
nv. c-i w ihvmch McLeod  stands <•  a
i  i.e.ther a'ithoiz.d   n >   tciiwaad .1    .
1  tn the United Sia'is by tle Co/e-
land    This ait of  lostiatj  w_.  .    ¡,
by CoKnel McMabb  offfCi   " «  r
nbt by aueen Virt na, n  e en t e -npien    pro-
vincial Government.    It was undejtaken suddenly
n- j\i, -
ti   i i
ai-'
§
