«6
27th Cong......1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Buchanan'
June, 1841.
Case of McLeod-
Senate.
by a band of volunteer marauders, who neither knew
nor cared what was the object of the expedition.
On the recent argument of this case before the Su-
preme Court of New York, the Attorney General
of that Stale, as appears from the Herald, "read
a despatch of Governor Head to Lord Glenelg, the
British Colonial Secretary, from "Head's Narra-
tive," page 377—80 The letter was dated 9ih Fe-
bruary, 1838. This letter showed the nature of
the attack, and that it was composed of volunteers,
who embarked m ignorance of the precise object of
the expedition—Captain Drew, who led on the
attack, merely obtaining men who "would foVow
him to the Devil." I regret that I cou'd not procure
this book. It has not yet been received in the Con-
gressional Library. No object was avowed or
even intimated by Captain Drew Conscious that
he was about to embark m an unlawful and unjus-
tifiable expedition, he concealed his purpose from
his followers Fifty or sixty desperate banditti
agreed to follow hnn to the Devil, and on that
night they committed arson and murder upon the
soil, and within the sovereign jurisdiction of the
State of New York. And yet, in order to save
McLeod from the pamshrneat due to his crimes,
Senators have been compelled to contend that this
lawless at'ack was an act of public wat committed
i y Great Britain against this country. Unless they
can establish this position, their whole argument
sinks into nothing.
Now, sir, if there never had been a book written
«pon the subject of national law, could such a
principle be maintained for a single moment?
Reason would at oice condemn the idea, that such a
marauding expedition, suddenly undertaken by an
inferior officer, was public war No, sir, nc thvre
■was no war between Great Britain and the Uni ed
States, and it follows as a necessary consequence
that every man engaged in this murderous attack
upon a vessel lying within the peaceful waters ot
the sovereign Slate of New York, is amenable to
her criminal laws.
On this point, Ishall presently show that Ihe au-
thorities are clear and decidpd And her  permit
me to observe that the Senator from Massachu-
setts did me no more than justice in supposing that
I had intentionally omitted to cite Gronus, for the
purpose of proving that individuals engaged in all
public wars except such as are denominated so-
lemn, might be arrested and punished for their acts
under the laws of the country which they invaded.
Grotiom, in more places than one, has asserted this
principle. Whether there was not more humanity
in this ancient docirine than in that which prevails
at present, I shall not attempt to decide Accord-
ing to ¡t, nations were compelled to make a public
and solemn declaration oí war, and thus gave
nonce lo (heir enemy and all mankind of the com-
mencement ot hostilities, otherni e such wars were
externally u'latPid!, and subjects were liable to
punubmt nt for obeying the commands of iheir
sovereign. Bui cueerfidly admit that the law of
nations hai cuau^eJ Miice the t.me of Grotms, ¿id
that this immunity from individual putji hment
now extends to public wars of the unsolemn or
imperfect kind which are preceded by no declara-
tion.
But what is the consequence if the members of
a nation make reprisals-, or commit acts, of hostility,
as C^1 MtNabb and Captain Drew ha-ve dont,
without the -JUihon y of 'he soveieign pcvei? Aie
they, in suth a c«, e, protected from punishment
for their cnm.nal acts in the courts, ol the nation,
whose ia* s they na/e violated? Let Rutherfortt"
answer tins qut-s ion   (vol2,p   548)
"Thudl; Gi tmi continca the external lawfulni><n of what is
dorci i Wrt) vh iti ism emallv unjust to si !emn wais on v
■whei 3s nt txi n jt ltw ill ess m íespectol ti c members rf
acivila i y í \tt-i Is t jriuticwitsot the impt.ife t son, to
arts o rt¡ i 1 rt ther ins oí k s ih y Hynivinfi i"uine
of public vv i rt.pi 7a* o c hu ac s of h stihiy which fall
Ehortofb^ir n ^ war I«njp° <-thr reprisal iobimi.de.or
theacuofb <m m oUimo itte \>jt cc Ihorifyofanalwt,
though it ha i H tieiiny lee ie \v i r oi J he t rftileit,
of the nation n r ? / oi ci n I < rts J } ^iityicilh
OV being thiu Jt'o 1 d itcjere i tin I (I ¡ ttelwn
of the late of nth i, asi/eyaet set nalrlj I y tie i own
will so th y a e separa tlyuctoun cble to thi nut on, against
irhich ttify a i "
Now, ^ j Here ls McLeeoA voy c- n,«o ma-
ny words. Human mgenm'y c n iot escape from
it.   Those who commit ac * of hostility, without
the authority of the nation to which they belong,
are punishable by the nation against which tbey
act. No man can pretend to say that this mid-
night mcursionfof desperate banditti who followed
Captain Drew, acted under the command of the
sovereign power of England. They were volun-
teers—they acted upon their own authority; and
McLeod boasted that he was one of this number
Ui der the very authority read by the Senator from
Massachusetts himself, as they acted separably by
their own will, and without the authority of the Bri-
tish nation, so they are separately accountable to the
Stale o/JVeto York against which thfy acted. This
thin is the pr ncip'e upon which we stand. If,
therefore, McLeod committed the murder attri-
buted to him, withm the territorial junsdicnon of
New York, under every law, both human and di-
vine, he ought there to be punished for his offence.
On the question of national law, I might safely
rest here. I have conclusively shown that Colonel
McNabb, of h s own authority, could not wage
war in behalf oí Great Britain agamst the United
States, but I shall go one step further, and present
an authority, which would seem almost to have
been intended for this individual case. It will be
found in 2d Ruiherforth's Institutes, pages 496,
497, 498, &c The questions there answered are,
Can any inferior magistrate make war? or must
war proceed from the supreme magistrate' The
author, alter having treated the subject at some
length, and proved that no inferior magistrate,
whether of a civil or military character, cau law-
fully make war, concludes with the *bllowing lan-
guage .
" Upon the whole whatever Utterly we have to u*e wolds in
what sense we please the law of nations will call no war a
public one, unless itproceette on both parts from those who are
miested witti supreme executive power, for m the view of
this law no other magistrates have a public charaetei in
respect ofwai "
It would be a monstrous doctrine, that every pet-
ty British magistrate along the Canada line, can,
at his pleasure or his caprice, involve this country
m war with Great Britain. If he can authorize
lawless adventurers to make such an incursion
upon us as Captain Drew has done, he may license
pirates, robber^, and muidcrers, to invade our bor-
ders, and a'ter they have been guil y "oí the great-
est enormities, may demand their surrender, and
rescue them from punishment, by casting the re-
sposibility upon his Government.
No subsequent approbation of the offender's
criminal act by his sovereign can relieve him irom
punishment It is the existence of actual war,
when the crime was commuted, and that only,
which could constitute his defence. I, therefore,
entirely agree with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in the principle that if McLeod had been a
soldier in public war, the proof of this fact alone
would relieve him Irom punishment. Tne subse
quent mttr erencc of his sovereign in lis b half
was nit necessary WmM I admit Ihi , I consider
it equally clear, that i[ war did not exist between
the iwo . ations, this inteilererice could not wuh
dra>v him irom the penalty of the law-; which he
liad vio ated It is th° fact of the existence of
war, and not the interference of the Butish sove-
reign, on which the decision of McLeod's case
must depend.
In every case of a crime committed witbm our
tem'ory by a foreigner, except only m actual war,
top principle app.ies which 1 ci'ed from Vatlel in
my o.entng remarks The State or nation whose
law* have been outraged, always punishes the
off nder. Ii the sovereign ot the nation to which
he be'ongs siould approve or ratify hi. criminal
act, in the language of Vatte), "it then becomes a
public concern asamst such sovereign " But this
doe? not prevent the offended Sate irom bringing
the crimm il to j„*rjce under her own law . This
is-the rule bt.ween na ions at peace It applies
stiictly to  he case of McLeod, because when the
nurder wa committed v mi which he is charged,
and ey<r s.nce, wt hace b-en at pe?ee wuh Eng-
land. 1 bdJ not supposed that any Sena or would
controvert this ml , oceause upon its existence de-
p its the sovereignty ard mdecn'ence of na-
t«on  it >he Queen of England or the King <f
the French, m time of peace, can send emissaries
into oar country to excite insurrection; and if,
when detected in. crimes against our laws, the fo-
reign sovereign can rescue them from punishment
by approving their conduct, we are then no longer
supreme and independent withm our own territo-
ry. If I understood the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Rives] correctly, he contended that, under
this very authority which I had cited from Vattel,
wh°n properly understood, the recognition of any
criminal act of a foreigner within our jurisdiction
by his sovereign, would release the offender from
trial and punishment in our courts of justice.
Upon this recognition the prison doors must fly
open, and even the murderer escape. I cannot
consent to argue this proposi'ion, but I shall pre-
sent to the Senator an example of what might
occur in our own country if his doctrine were cor-
rect.
Suppose the Governor of Jamaica should send
an emissary into one of our Southern States- for
the purpose of inflaming the pa sions of the slaves
against their masters and exciting a servile insur-
rection—is such an emissary not to be held accoun-
table to the laws of this State for h's acts, because
the British Government, whose subject he is, may
have authorized the suppression of slavery m this
cruel manner^ Although blood"and assassination
may follow m hi  footsteps, yet must he, when ar-
rested and brought before a court of justice to an-
swer for his crimes, be surrendered to his sovereign
the moment his surrender is demanded'
Mr. B.1VJSS here explained. He said that such
was not the position for which he contended. He
had not intended to say more than that military in-
vasions were recognised by national law as reliev-
ing the invaders from punishment.
Mr. Buchanan. Probably I miy have mistaken
the gentleman in supposing that the principle for
which he contended wa', ihat the sovereign power
under which an individual acted, and not the indi-
vidual himself, was responsible, no matter whether
he were employed as a military or a civil agent to
accomplish the designs of his Government 1 cer-
tainly understood the Senator distinctly to say, tnat
the authority cited by me from Vattel would pre-
vent the States of this Union from punishing any
offence committed withm then 'erntor.es by a fo-
reigner, provided his conduct vere afterwards
sanctioned by the offender's sovereign
M*r Rivjss. Such I undeistood to be the mean-
ing of Vattel. I did not read the passage mys lf.
Vattel is mistaken m this particular. I define 1 my
argument as being applicable to military rgsres-
sion only.
Mr Buchanan. Then, sir, it seems that Val-
tel is wrong in this particular; but I have the plea-
sure of knowing that the Senator from Virginia
concurs with me again*! what he understands to be
the opinion of this great author. But Vattel is not
fairly subject to the Senator's criticism On the
contrary, he is the h ghest authority for the opinion
wh rh we now both entertain. He lays it down
that the sovereign aggrieved may punish any such
offence committed withm his territory, and it is no
where intimated that his arm sha'l be aires'ed,
whenever a foie gn sovereign chooses to recognise
the act.
We then agree that if, in time of peace, an of-
fence be committed within the territory of a naUon,
no authority whatever can screen the offender from
the penalty inflicted by its laws. The Senator ad-
mits that war, and war alo>ie, can render these so-
vereign laws impotent. But even m war a cap-
tured soldier is not to be delivered up on the de-
mand of his Government. He is to be held as a
prisoner of war, and if McLeod were m tb-t condi-
tion, Mr Fox would have no right, undtr the law
of nations, to demand his release, though he might
justly pro'est against his punishment.
But as neither Colonel McNabb nor Capta n Dre-v
could authorize pny act of ho uhly against ihe
United States, no war existed, ard an imaginary
war has been conjured up by f e it'emti as a irst
lesort, to rescue McLrod from danger, aid to jas-
t fy the Secretary cf S ate m y elding to the de-
mand of the Bntish Government. No rise, ¡hen,
exist*, to justify the demand of McLeod's release,
and the State of New Yoik has a perfect right to
putiish him for any offence committed within her
jurisdiction.
