June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
2rTH CosG""1st Sess.                                  Abolition Petitions—Mr. Ingersoll.                                                  H. of Reps.
tered; and this defiance might have been much
louder and stronger than it was, wi hout disturbing:,
their equanimity.
We had demanded reparation for the outrage on
the Caroline. The Briiish Government had de-
layed for three long year* even to give any answei
to our demand. But when McLeod was arrested,
that Government, through their minister, avow and
justify this outrage—demand his release, and
threaten us with the consequences in case we should
refuse. Our Secretary at once yields, admits that
we have no right to try and punish McLeod, and
sends the Attorney General to New York to obtain
his release.
Now, sir, if the Secretary had responded to the
high tone of patriotic feeling which pervades this
country, he never would have met the demand and
the threat of the British minister in this manner.
He should have sud, "The American Government
demanded reparation from you three years ago for
the capture of the Caroline. I now reiterate that
demand, and I entreat the Briiish Government 'to
take into its most delifce-ste consideration the se-
rious nature of the consequences which must en-
sue' from their refusal." Instead of tins, what does
the American Secretary do? He treats the affair
of the Caroline as ¡hough it were still a pending
question, and had not been decided by the British
Government, satisfies the British minister in regard
to McLeod, and takes forty days to write a chap-
ter for effect to satisfy the people of this country.
But no where through this long es ay does he even
allude to the threat, t'lough. he had yielded to it.
This letter, of the 24ih April, will probably never
even be noticed by the Briiish ministry, unless we
should now make a new and positive demand for
reparation. The Secreiary may write, an J write,
and write again, as many long and able arguments
as he pleases; it this be all, they will not move the
British Government. The difference between us
if, that they act, whilst wc di?eu--s; arid as long as
we do whit Ihey please, tbey will suffer us to write
what we please.
' But how has the Secietary "defied back again?"
The Senator from South Caroliua [Mr. Prestos]
has read some of this language of defiance from
the letter of the 34th April. "All will see," says
the Secretary, ' that if such things are allowed to
occur, they must lead to bloody and exaspeia'ed
war." When, sir, do you suppose this bloody
war of the Secretary will commence? Will it be
on the next fourth oj July, or some fourth of July, or
any fourth of July in all future time'/ ¿gam: -'ThjS
Republic is jealous of us lights, and arm rig others,
and most especially, of the right of the absolute
immunity of its territory against aggression from
abroad; and these rights it is the duty and determi-
nation of Shis Government fully, and at all tunes,
to maintain, whilst H will at the .same lime as scru-
puloudy refrain from infringing on trie rigms of
others." This, then, is the defiance back again of
which the Senator from South Caroliua vaunts.
Let me tell that Senator that it is not these vague
¡*nd unmeaning generalities, however beautifully
expressed, which will produce any effect upon the
British Government. It is the demand-—the posi-
tive demand of atonement for the Caioline outrage,
and the expression of a stern aid unalterable pul-
póse to obtain itPtany hazard, which can alone
induce them ¡o reconsider their determination and
yield to justice.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives] asks me
whether I suppose that the man whose death wo
are all now deploring, and in memory of whom this
chamber is now hungm black, would have submitted
to an insulting threat from the British Government? I
most certainly think not. However much I may
have differed in political opinion from the late
President, I believe ho never would have know-
ingly acted as hi* Secretary has done. Had he
been informed that Mr. Pox's letter throughout
was in a tone most arrogant and imperious—that
it commenced with a demand of McLeod, justified
the capture of the Caroline, and ended with a repe-
tition of this demand, and a threat in case it was
refused—I honestly believe that his only reply to
this threat would have been, "No: never will I
submit even to consider the case, until this threat
shall be withdrawn/
it was almost impossible, however, that General
Harrison could have given any attention to this
subject. Mr. Pox's letter was dated on Friday,
the 13th of Match, and Mr. Webster answered it
in the form of instructions to Tic. Crittenden on
Monday the 15th March. But two days inter-
vened, and one of them was the Sabbath. And
what were the circurx'stünces in which that man
was then piaced whose death we now mourn?
When he should have been peimitted by those who
elevated hint to the Presidency to review calmly
and deliberately the great interests of the country,
Ihey were hunting him even to ¡he death in pur-
suit of office. lie was not suffered to enjoy a mo-
ment'., titiie for quiet and i'efle-".,'on; and at last he
sunk into the grave under their persecution. I en-
tertain a proper respect for Ihe memory ot General
Harrison. I b&l.eve his course towards the Bri-
tish Minister would have been that i f a proud
American, bad he enjoyed the leisure necessary to
examine the subject. He never would have com-
plied with an insolent demand, or submitted so an
insolent threat.
If John Tyler approves the course of the-Secre-
taty, us has been intimated by the Senator fiom
Virginia, he has taken special c;;re not to express
his approbation of it in his message. What dues
he say upon tt.e subject?
"A Cnriespondonce llaí taken place between the Sect' euy of
State ami tiie .Minister of bet Huíanme M,.je^ty ace renin o .oihís
Ooveinmeiit. o . Use subject <>! Alexandei ¡Mi l.eod suioietmcilt
andnapi-isimncia eopiesol wh.ch me hticw-itiiconiineuicali.d
to t.'oneieis.
"Li addition in what app a's fiom these pap s -. it ¡nay be
proper to elate thai. Alexander McLeod has been h,- n.t bv the
Supic-e Ctiurlot the State o! New Yoikon Lis mou.-n m be
the-cha. ced fiom ;m .riseaiment, and that the dee, :on oí that
court lias not .sj'i i beat pivtwui.ced."'
Tl-ie-earc tee otnv p:tss,|..t-s- m the lnessairo in wh'rh he at-
ludfs to lilt; alien. ' !>,> tiiuy co> lain any .M-poili .11011 til lot
siooiel.tiv-^ ..nanee . ¡u' slhel. the shale- .1 t ¡.ia--Mnii
from winch i> in >v l„ i feli'ed that Ml Tyler v ..-.i-.m-liMlwi.il
n' On lilt! colmar,. w.iulij it not,-topear tll.lt tie  ,..-i,t¡.'loi: ,)y
and nuipii-el/ iiu.iiiui fn.i.i alvni? Hily t>¡ .1110.1 ..a ' ici-nli-
!,ecif Jl.'-n'iv,'...•\t.i.> ¡itWlllMlnsiblit!, lln'l noi in u.i.lm.f-
'1011, v.-'icn iiir. Webster determined on ins com-., .wbnnr
bl^ lnstmcii.ntK tu <he A-torttey (leneral. .Hi. Tyler inn...all
must .e-'.,y <h .ui.ctly that these nistruclinus meet Ins approba-
tion, b 'line 1 -..all oci.-ve ibo tact. I'nlll .hen [shall think
tlieie 'ids been some mistake m . bis mutter.
I llave tliuspHsentttliiivvi.w,-mi ■' T' '1,>l1 amrh l ""•"'■
fiom Hie mamiei in wh i h ')• In.- been maiiaeid, may eventu-
ally lead to a warwitb ti'f.it liiilani Tim ¡-pint ni di - conn
try wilt now demand an aionenvnt t.n ti.o \J.nation ot our
teriit.ev. for the bnrinns <>t thf ''. t'-'me. and ...-'luition of
huui.ui'life on ttiat mehmch >ly Oocasi > , Prudence, and iirin-
ness, ami a detei-tumod eplut, may yrt iinluu the Hnu.-li (to-
veiomeiit to yield to the demands ot jtisticp. The Anierie.it
peonle vwli ié>w nevn bo, sarslled until'b- proper atonement
shall be made. If tile ¡Secretary had i-etuscd in yield to the
halHiiv pictt osnm- of tnat Government, and mfoimed tfiem
Hiai,\l''!.eol mi.-l '.■■ t.i-'d, am', if lmllltl amity "tnslbe punish-
ed, all lineal li ive p'i sed away wjthon' sellóos .titbnib". tint.
hd'vniavKlncd lolbel, -'miaiu' .oríllenme,:.' ol Mi l.tot", lia-
people wi.leow nisi-, tiiat tbey -.' -!i yield to oer t(rn...ntt loi
atoneireot lor the outratro on the Caloiitie.
SPEECrT7)FTlR. JNGBMSOJ.iL,
OF I'ENNSYI.VANl/t.
¡nthe ¡{otaeofJitpretentativts,JimtS ftii"' 9, 1841-
Oa his mono i to lee.onsider Sir. Adaks-'s amend-
ment to Mr. Wi-t's resolution, coiuteruitni  I'm:
rule ■•■ ain ■' (he reception of Ab -blton pe.,ii'.rn
Mr. INQERSOLU saw, thai r-.e wnildiufc pre-
ferred  ihe  corr-iituikv.al  aye rr   no as  ins  o.iiy
speech on this subject, tuL thatbt. hhtHx-en cblgei
to pi.-eavo.e  rp.-t  ahogeltiet «t;..Cidti t W'th his
own sf-niiineiits, and which might b? I' .ble   o .¡'.>-
cir.'-uocu .n       Hi  bad aiso  u-ceivt-d   a f-i'i'tu
since the (ii-La'e began, and h" 'bou-lit h-- oMed it
to--ihers, cv. n more than  h.tnsrU', to explain ris
positpn (.-i. ¡hi- aa'.-aliiigrutj'.-;, not only'o lit--
co..sSiUK-...s, but the ecu'.try, budi-aiora V-i wori.i.
He was Id-/ : c.-ibK- of .he   perils oí  ¡'.is gffet.
agitation, vhicli not only voung men of the S nth
rendered almost intraciablo by eixtotion snu t'eclt.-
mstion, but even the venerable and hopur-tbie—
the truly -ight honorable gemleman A-in Mws-
cbusetu, to v-hose aavanced ate ftf'y jib.s of bt:-
toncal tmmcEce bore witness. ■-.. <\ s mv.-i. that on
¡his v. xed   soj.ic be   is a Foit'nc-si   r •&•••. wi'.h
Southern pas-v ns.
Mt. i. said that Uis intention was to treat it,
I if possible, with passionless self-pojs:-s--ion; if not
j in a statesmanlike, at least a rati .nal manner, and
as much argument as lw could bring to bear upon
it, fully impressed with its vital impor'anee.—
He knew that Congress had been, culled together
for other purpose.', and meaning  to tbroT   no
factious or improper obstacle in the way  of ihe
majority, by whose measures he expected to be
bound, he regretted the i.ecessity, the obligation to
the country, and to humanity, which left him no
alternative  but an  explanation of the course he
meant to take, now aad always, respecting Abo-
lition.   Tncre are three great fundamental ques-
tions presented by this subject; the first involvng
the  abolition of slavery, the second, the rjjibt of
petition, as it is considered, and the third, z regula-
tion known as the 21st rule ot this Horre.   I .nfa ,
said he, to treat them all without undue exciteuuii,
a1, a representative from one of those middle Slates,
whose duty and power it appears to me to  be to
stand between the North and the South, and en-
deavor to put an end to an agitation which threatens
the Union, disparages the character, and detracts
the councils of a common country.    Biloagingts
a party, and actuated by its judgments on common
occasions, I d. o-iatni and altogether repudiate thtati
on this, acknowledging no influences but these of
the country at.d humanity.
Por several years past, nurnerou? petitions have
been laid before Cougteaj, concerairg Mavtty-J
the S.ates where it exists, the slave trad ■ ¡-.mopg
the S ates, and ihe'iorei.." sl?ve trade.   The Prt-st-
denl, m an  ominous paragraph of his ia'e  .- e—
sage, calls the attention of Congress to the subj cr,
declaring that the slave trade is on  the lacrase,
whedier becapse of the abolition of slavo l^bor in
the British possessions in our vicinity aad an ,if-
I tendar.t diti.it.utiun in the supply of to.ee rr-.klcs
which eu'er ¡mo the gene,al consump'i n   of the
work.,t>i<by .-.'¡~<i:-p'iiig the demtsR.I fr.mi other
quarters,  and   llrs calling  lor addition il  labtr,
the   messins   does   not   s'a'";   nor  is i'  expU'..t
whether it in-- us the !...vj;n. or the domestic ir.nie
of slaves.    The f iop.-e u. >y recollect that ;• e   last
m-ssigeof th'.'l.'.te Proident was to  the ■  ue r!-
fi-e.t.    I have no dn'rbt that Ihe former, if  net the
pr-senl Prrsi-'e-ti, alludes to the fact, which Í uu-
diT.itai-d V.-e tcc>rds of the public Departments tes
tily, thai the lDcrra.sc of the foreign  slave trade,
which is the bitter ¡.:>urce of all these bitter waters,
is attiibntable to the negligent or fraudulent man-
ner In which lite suppic'sion of th?  trsflic is ma-
'i.'.edh)' the s-'Djec'ts asd officers of thai counuy
whose osiensn ¡e ex.-rtiops are supposed to be ....... t
s'r< 'Hiouity an'iedat it.    Í am auiho'iztd fo  a?y
tbi.' c flic nil i.,'iorts from <-. .nunanders of America. 
v.'sselsfent to cruise on the coast of Africa for the
ex'ii¡-íUishrneT e. th s pira'ical commerce, alieí >!
lha-   «'liiie firi i.-h fabrics  ara supplied   ii¡.<m that
c.ir.st as means to enable thos' who cap'ure slaves
in the interitr to effect that object, Bntr-h cruisers,
iu"..e.-.d ol goii-.t; close to ihe coast and preventing
the trade, as they  might, ktep fiftern or twet.ly
railes  off upoti th  high sea,   in   cro'er  to   gain
the leward of a guinea a head for every skve
they  t'dce th-v.   This is no occasion for hesil?-
iii- in .'.se i.p-n denunciation of circumst-mcessnch
;\s I mean to meuii. .i, ¡«d wi h th:-ni the authwtt;-i
on vh'cn  id.ro.    T tnerel'ere a'fi'fc   'he Ut.use
thfit Í was ¡nforr/ied  by the late  recrctf.ty ot the
Navy, that while s,ich is fhi lenof ot ofhcial cor-
r-'spondence iti ih?t Department, an English Abo-
, ipjortist—whom I shall not hesitate ¡o naff.e, though
I by naming him 1 iiiMid no undue disparagement—
I a p'-rson" tailed  ¡Madden, actually uria'd ¡lie latí
Se: -tt.-,:y oí the Navy in his very offi^ t j tpk« c .re
'hnt none but Abolilionias should co;rn-o.,u.S /• «o-
rie.Ati vessels spjit to cruise on the coa it oi'.Yf'iea.
it is kntiwn to man',- of these who m / l."^ .n-N
that there ats Englt'h black regime?.s b? the Ca-
bEmts, fcen-.rale-J from FU-nJa only by a narrow
s'ia;t, payable in open boats in good 'vealher, and
die war which basco long taxed the resoi-rcis urn1
the jMtieacc of Ibis country in Florida, is in s .   ■■
«¡..asure a servile war, being partly wa^o r-\- :> -
pi'íí; whether from ihe Bahamas or 'Ue b';.'t. it
Stxis' is not certain.   There are also £' ' -.i !■   i-
nents ofbiaek troops on our Can, i ?. ' ot' ''e   ;
so that tbi Governors of two State-.—5 ,o\ M.'-r
Dudley of North Carolina, and an hon<uvliV ir.-'sn-
her of this House, Governor  atiraer of Vt«-.it, r.
have fouud it necesSary recently to cotnp'.am to tb¡
Federal Executive thy Ameiican la>'es and ; er
tlemen, travelling in Canada with blac'c ; 'tw.nfc
were insulted and threatened by these ¡i-oops.
