June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7i
27th Con© — 1st Skss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Inaersoll.
H. of Reps.
who had declared in Congress that he would con-
tinue to speak, write and pub'i h against s,avery
as. long as he lived, until tlv Southern States con-
sented to emane pate their s'ave-s, for that slavery
was a great disgrace to tne country. This gentle-
man wa-, --eiit a second time to England, as one ot
the first acts of ih^ Presidency of the venerable
merrber from Massachusetts. I hold the memory
of (bit most eminent sta esman m profound and
affectionate respect, and would be the last to im-
pute to 1 ltu any anti-social or inhumane senti-
ments I quote from the authenticated record of
the procee logs on tne occasion alluded to, attested
by m?ny gentlemen once mernberb of this House,
ot n dional reputations and unquestionable cha-
racter. It is ¿hockmg to think tnat the Bahamas
are separated from Florida bv a narrow channel,
wh ch a bi at may cross in calm weather, and that
British b'ack troop-, are maintained in those island--,
by whom it would be easy to stimulate, supply
and fraternize with hostile Indians and revolted
slaves m Fiondd, while among (he hostile bands m
that devoud province it is notorious that there are
negroes, some of whom are leaders.
Tne disastrous Florid* war is already partially a
seivile v.ar. There are b'ack regiments in the
"West I idles, and in Canada, whose employment
to produce and protect a revolt of ihe slaves of the
Southern S'ates, has been openly suggested by a
British Peer in th1 House of Lord--, and is the
common topic of the British Canadian newspapers,
as one tf the means of our annoyance and discom-
fiture m case of hostilities with Great Britain. The
climate, configuration, ai.d all ih-f physical arcuin-
stance- of the Southern country, are extremely fa-
vorable to a servile war. A mere handful of
Indians and negroes ía Florida, hive frustrated
and defied tne whole power ot the United States at
great expense for several years past, expense of both
life and treasure Combine iha' war wiih conta-
gious Hostilities of the same kind, beginning in
Georgia or Louisiana, and who can contemplate
the consequences of such frigh ful results from the
inhuman sympathy oí Great Britain, influencing
fanatical combinations in the Eastern and North-
ern parts of this country to accomplish the emanci-
pation of American slaves'? Tne most distant
prospect of such a state of things must divei t capi-
tal, dimmish the value of propertj, depreciate and
depopulate the Southern country. What husband
or father would expfse his wife or children
voluntarily to such awful dangers i What
humane man can interfere for hasty emanci-
pation at such dreadful and wicked cost1? It
is easy for us, who are relieved from these
alarms, in cool debate to discuss the evils of
slavery, and resolve on putting an end to it. But,
independent of any constitutional inhibition, it
stakes me as the plainest dictate of common huma-
nity, and the highest obligation oi American inde-
penderse, to resist, arid, if made necessary by leg -
tima'e messuies ot retaliation, to extinguish such
abominable sympathy- I ask leave to read to the
House a translation which I hold in my hand, as
the most convenient, m de of eommumcaung a
shoit and eloquent description from a Roman his-
torian, of the terrors by which persons m places
even at a d'stance from such «-cenes have been ap-
palled in former ''me , as we may soon come to be
in ours. It is a passage from Sal u-i's account of
Catihne's co ispiracy, which in my translation runs
thu 
' Bv wuich thine  the «tato was gi„atlv a' iia ed, anil the face
of i íe city totally allercil Horn the highest degtee >! gladness
and giye y—the Uuh of long timet—a sudden gloom ail upon
all -s ai led, they hu ned .) and fro, and knew n, wheie oi
in whom to put thin- trust Thete wasneuiei wai noi peace,
every one measured ths dinger oy his fear , add to whlth, the
-women, to whom, on account of the oxiont of the Republic, the
dread of war wa*. unusual, gave themselves up to tfffictlon
They tar-ed their supplicating hands to heaven they wept over
trcr helpless chlldicu, tiny uttered linplTii % lamentations,
eveiy thu g mspued them w ih tctroi,dismi -ms then plea
suie, anJ then pride, they despaired oi themselves and then
cujntry                                     „    ,                   t,
Br ish Peers in open Parliament, Bnli h emis-
saries throughout toe TJ n ed Slates, American
statf smen 1 ke the venerable member from Massa-
chusetts, the B ltish press of London, Liverpool,
and Canada, some of our own newspapers, con-
ventions of English and Americans, there and here,
altogether proclaiming this crusade, is a true and
most revojtu g description of the ex esses to which
that fell spirit has excited en organization formal --
ble, unlawful, and ungenerous
The honorable gfiitleman from Mis-achnsetts
had spoken con'uir.clious'y ?nd otten, when dis-
cussing this subject, of a sentiment of which t
avew mvse f, said Mr Ims^bsoh., ihe humble au-
thor, and abide the consequences. As given by me,
it was a toa«.t, the precise woids of which I do not
recollect, but instead of beins as quoted, a North-
ern man with Souther  pnt.c pies, I believe, though
I am not sure, that it was a North^n President
with Southern principles. I hive no di^posi ion,
far from it, to implicate the veoerab'e m mber
from Massachusetts in a charge of merm- s^ncy
when I under ake to prove him such a Piesident.
I will answer for him, sir, that in case of a servile
war now, he would at once cast aside all r-onstitu-
tional abstractions and be among the first to march
to the South to relieve our fellow countrymen
there assaulted by a revolt of their slaves, and for
one, I should be proud to serve under hi.n in any,
the humblist capacity, if rendered necessaiy by
such an invasion. If Texas, hid asked fur
admission into ihe Union during ihe Pre-idency of
Mr Adams, or any other Northern Piesident, it is
unpo-sible that so mon-tious and inconceivable a
blunder would have beep loffln itel, as by clamor
and fanaticism, a combination of English at d Am--
rican prejudice against «¡livery, thit mojnilctnt
lemiory wud.1i have been eie'utled lrom the
Union and absolutely forced to become an i Kt nen-
dent and a rival S ate, con timted as it i-, of native
Americans upon American Republican principles,
desiring anxiously, what we should have as cordta -
ly welcomed, to be one of the States represented upon
this floor. History has few, if any, examples of
such mlatuated self denial.
[Mr. Insersoix, throughout much of his argu-
ment, was repeatedly interrupted by calls of order
from the Chair for irrelevancy, a charge to >vhich
also some gentlemen on the floor considered him
obnoxious. Unwilling to resist these interruptions,
however detrimental to the course of an argumen',
and m-le-'d scarcely ab'e in very hot weather to
mam'arn the irregular conflicts to which they must
necessarily give rise, he tbougnt it ben to sub-
mit, as the Speaker and all who heard
him will attest he did, with cheerfulness, to such
disadvantages; omitting much that he had no'ed to
say—declaring, however, that it should appear, if
his speech weie published, and be submitted to the
community, to determine whether he was out of
order for irrelevancy, as so repeatedly and mj unously
charged with being. At one time, after reileratod
interruptions of this sort, he was lequired to take
his seat till leave was obtained for his prociedine;
on which question the ayes and noes were called,
and resulted in there being 38 negative vote? to
136 who affirmed his right to proceed. Mr Adams
more than once entreated that he might be heard,
but Mr Ingeesoli , refusing to take a  a favor
wnat fe thought a ruht, an I anxious at the same
time to puisue his own cotxtse of argjment, sUp-
pressed parts of it. From the coniusion of such
ci ntests, speaking from very sh >rt notes, he is up-
able to say whether he can recodect, vn h peif ot
accuracy, wl a' was said and wha' ornate ' v.h n
cplled to order About to comi'cr the T xis
quest.on, wh'ch he tnen tuou°ht, an 1 s ill thi'iks,
immediately and intensely pertm nt D the sub
jvet of slavery, he was caled to older by-
the Sperker, deciar.ng that what Mi Adim ,
as President, had done in in it respect, could have
no possible connection with tne ques ion before the
House. Mr I. had just taken up tne translati n
of a Fr rich tract by Fredenck Le Clerc, aJdrc s6J
to M.ratrau B L,tmar, Pre-- den' cf me Repuohc
ol Texas, to sho v b3 it that, in Mr Adams's Pres<-
dency, Texas was dei med so important a.i acq i t-
tion tor the Up  cd State , .is to becoi ie an ohj'ct
of anxious nego ia' on by the agercy ot Mr Poin-
sett, Mr. Adamo's M nister Plempoterinry in Mex-
ico, when he «as called to ordet by the Speaker
for irrelevancy. He therefore Uid down ihe
pamphlet, and forbore to read the several passages
from it which now follow, marked on his notes as
a very material part of the argument.
Dr. Le Clerc says:
' In fact Texas has been unable to procuie th. admission of
her sttl into the ¡Treat constellation,tow?rds which it feels i.
sell dvawu tiv a c immunity of origin üisj.t H n<=, and míe
rests At theiishof a war with ">te\if-o fl n TTri ed states has
Hcognred the independence of le\. s is s ion as the Covern-
ment oi that counuy had lcteived Ps d"fioi"ve organization,
t i t ¡ ov.erlul motivLS i icvcntcd the (.' bin t of Wast mgtort
from proposing tiu mcnpuratiouof the new <Ta($ to Congress
lhedanng Jul son wou d perhaps ow braved the riangeisof
th's agsrtnd zeinen but the piudentVpn Buten was unwil-
ling to add this emhai ra sment ¡o ■> 1 those \ hich hio predeces-
sor had btqueathed him ihenecessiv or maintaining tho
equibbtium, to maintain the unon uself between the slave-
h ild nir States and the Mates wh ice have pro-tnbed siavejy,
betwe n the agnculinral-taiosof the South, ai d th maoulac-
tnun" ¡5 ales el the Noith, between the v t.ley of the "Vhssissip-
piand the ongin it states pievatled ovei the coutwis ef am-
bit on The Abo i ion advocates atiaeke the 'J exans without
restraint and deeiaied against the admission of T' xas into tha
Union with extiemc vi?or Ml AdamsofMa-ssacfeusettsmado
this question in the House of Representatives the subject of a
veiy violent, thoturh foicible discouise, v,bieh re echoed in tha
bosomof the English I'aihament and was not without influ-
ence upon the dec &ion of theCabmet of Washington England
he, self we cannot doubt, busied heiselfwith the Government
of ihe United States to indure it to repel the offers of TeXa ,
whose independent she had not yet reeeenised Su much did
tht eteationand chaiacter ofthis Republic seem to h'Thkely
to iffect ths balance of political powers in the new world Bfl-
siles some of iK^ S ates v/hich cne would have believed tho
most favoiahle to tho mcorporatien of Te-tas, grew cool wuh.
respect  it fiom different ctuses, amongst which phys.cat
interests had also a place 1t.xas has, irrrefois solemnly
withdrawn ltsdemand It will lose n^lhinK bv ' manlns mde
pendent Its resources ale immense and lis ascendency oyer
alltheNor hein paitofthe Mexican Republic is much moro
s« ore I, by the existing Siate 01 things, tna i it could be by a
diffeicntmode ol political exls once "
It appears -rom tina authentic statement that op-
positicn to slavery, forcibly conducted by the ho-
norable gentleman from Massachusetts, as a mem-
ber of this House, is the principal reason why
Texas was lost as a State of this Union. Yet, by
other paragraphs in the same publication, it ap-
pears tnat during the Presidency of that same ho-
norable member, Mr. Poinsett, his minister in
Mexico, was instructed earnestly to press for the
acquisition of Texas from Mexico by purchase for
the United States-.    Dr. Le Clerc says
" Ihe íeport which had spread thiough the United States in
1820, ol icgotianons entetedinto with Mexico fol Ihe cession of
Texas wis well founded Mr Poinsett atpiesentMlmslerof War
at Washington, and then, as we have said, the repi eseatanve
ol his count, y near the Mexican Republic, hoped, peihaps, to
succeed in this difficult negotiation, thanks to the intimacy of
his connections with ¿avala, who was the soul of President
Oiierieio'sadmmistialion, and with the party of the Yor/tmos
whom the revolution of the month of December 1828, had
placed m powei Zavala had just procuied tor himself im-
mense grants ol land in Texas, and to give to them some value,
he must needs have desired either that tins province should bs
ttansfeiied tothe United States,ot that colonization by the Anglo
Americans should be carnet1 on upon a very giand scale
Mexi o threatened by a Spanish invasion, which, m fact, oc
curredinthp couise ol the year, found herself, moreover, a
pi ey, as always, to an exti erne financial distress, and might have
been accessible to offers of loan on the part of the Cabinet of
Washington upon a moitgage of Texas 'This would suit usr
(said Mr Poinsett then, speaking, of the acquisition of this
country,-) and U they weie v. filing lo sell it to us, I would take it
upon myself to buy it ' But whether this active and smring
diplomatist maj have promised himself from a concuneoce of
cncumslancesso favoiable, the event did not answer his expec
tation "
So that a Northern President was willing and
anxious toget possession of Texas which w-as main-
ly prevented, when the opportunity occurred for
it, witnout its costing any thing but an act of
kindness to our own cour trymen, raduatmgour
own fre.3 principles in that fine province—pievent-
ed by the opposi ion of the same Nor h-rn Presi-
dent become an bont rabie member of tins House.
If Gmeral J.cKcn, or some oiher Southern man,
had hot been P es dent at that time, so fatal a delu-
sanpould not possibly have succeeded. The same
pump1 M show-, that in all this deplorable sclf-
denn , G eat Britain ws ihe active mover ani
superintendent of our American machinery.     Dr.
Lp C ere savs
Theresis incctvhich the a\ owed design  of the OaMoUof
«a I m-ton concerning Texas, met with in the fi-po-jtirn of
the w hole of Mexico at the close oi ISA f  probably notlhe
only thin  which compelled it to postpone the execution of
them antftohave recouioeto other means ol attaining i s real
ohRci Res 1 sthe uneasme-swh oh was mime [lately man
tested in the midst of the Northein Sta e  of th  . mon the
Mexcan Government found dsoapowcilul suppoit in tho | oh
cy f I i 'and |ealous o the gt iwl i  greatness olt'ie United
-states. Mi liuskisson m the < < nrs. of a deb ,te on 1 ifmi
of Spam tnd Mexi'e, denounced lo Pailiament tht i Irenes
or the Gab net at Wvhmgton to sepa a e Texas u, n ll t Mexi
can Oonlel ra y He called to mind how inucli ihe at qui i
lion of the Fondas by the Uni cd states nal al timed Great
Britain for the secunty of he i possessions in d o \\ est indies
then revealing a pioject wh ch we may b allowed to believe
that English ambition has not yet lenounced, he «aid tha
Mexico ou  it lo be maintained in the possession of Texas, Sine<
the opposition of the Cabinet ot Washington had baffled thi
negotiations of England with Spam ioi obtaining ihe cession o
Cuba The United States have not absorbed Texas, but Texa,
is now independent of Mexico, and the Anglo American raci
bears rule therein.  Slavery, the Abolition of which England u
