rg
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Sbolition Petitions—Mr. Jngersoll.
H. oí Reps.
pur mng in tie   hole woild, bo it f>om interest, or be it from
pluianthiof y has ttken deep root in this new Republic, and
the Engl 11 Government is testifying its discontent at it by a
«insular ob tinacy in not recognising hei ¿Was it requisite nc
cording t > the s}t,ti.m of compensation developed by Mr Hus
klsson, that to con ole hei ell for the independence of Texas
Great By ita n si ould cause Cuba to be ceded to her by indigent
and impoverished ^paint"
I will not a<id any thing farther from the curious
und credible re/elanons of Dr. Le Clerc. But if
I am not Mistaken, Mr. President Adarrs's Minis-
ter at Mexico was instructed to remonstrate against
the act of the Mexican Government liberating the
slaves of th .t country, wbo are rot mforted Af-
rican  or (neir descendente, but nalivs cf Mexico,
lo rer on trate against their !ib"iation as an act in-
jurious ii i's tendencies, and therefoie unfriendly
to this tr-un'rv. Since that time, Abolition agita-
tion n ^irg'and, from England, and in the north-
ern p^i ■> oí i his country altogether, havp produced
an ex iirbp-ry change of views unfriendly to
the Lornmon Wi "are and national char c*er of the
Urn tea States English Abolitionists, wah all ths
field* of Ireland and India for their philanthropy,
must have America.
[Here Mr. I resumed his argnrrerit, which had
bsen interrupted by the £ fearer's call to order ]
What is an American Abolitionisi, I have never
been able distinctly to understand Denunciation,
declamation, psssionate, unmerciful and unmerited
abuse oí Southern institutions, reviling slavery as
a sin, and the slave trade as piracy, are neither ar-
guments nor rpasons I want to know what it is
diíüncily that is proposed to be done for the remo-
val of the alleged grievance. It appears to me
that there are three classes united m this; conspi-
racy, who may be characterized a«—1-t;- mere er-
thusiasts or zealots, who do not pretend to reason,
but merely declaim, denounce, and vilify. 3d,
rational Abohtiomsis, such as those by whom 1
am desired to present the petition to this House
which I now hold in my hand, asking for an altera-
tion of the Con ti ution of the TJui ed States to
exclude e eve  of t^em from the Union And 3d,
partisans, to whom Abolition is a cloak or di-guisr
by which to impose A or B as a Prcndert or mem-
ber of Congress upon the community, or to prevent
their election!., as being favorable orimmical.to the
abolition of slavery Of theie, the first category are
to be treated with the tenderness due to sincere
anxiety. Ever since the crusades there have been,
atd will continue to be, propagandists and mis-
sionaries ndmg their hobbies in one A rection or
another, either this way or that, «hi ennot he
«controlled while they viólale no la* , like «-uch ?s
seek any otner «.peeies ot lecreation or excitement
The second category, the ratit nal but impf-icti
cable Abolitionists, (host woo -cek to disifembtr
this Union hy a changp ol the Censtitu ion, v, h eh
never tan be accomplished, mo be contrtlle!
Thela.v must tie enlorced against them. They
are not to be allowed to conlound a su¡ posed right
of petition with the abu-e of Abolition, or chtr-
wise to disturb the con ututional repo e of th s
Union and the undeniable right of etch State to
adopt, refuse, and otherwise regulate ilaverv, as
its citizens may think proper. The third class—I
declare here «hat I stated in anoth>r public as erc-
blj—tne Convention of Penrs^lvana—partisan
Abolitionists, a'e among the mo-t rtpresensille
traitors f) this e untij, who, thou?n they cannot
be puní hfcd n the regular administration of penal
justice, ought to be denounced to uri/tr al rep.u.
bafon Wi hoiit an impracticable organic change,
to vhat pipcties1! or possib'e end can th ir move-
ments lead' Cui bonol What emi they come to?
What írtiísítbey end in? It is universally agreed
that slavery is not of Congressional jurisdiction,
exc pt m this District There seems to be no de-
nial ot lhe established doct.me that anj State may
use it that thinks proper to do so It is per-
haps not knoxn to all of those who iow hear
me, that by an plmost unani ous p 'judication
of the Supreme Court of the Untie 1 S ates last
winter—e/try judge but one concuiu ig—it was
re-olved that t*tu ss ca'led hve tr te ¡mong the
Sta'e„ i  not of Federal coijniZincc. Whether
slaves shall be taken from onu State . j another, ex-
cept as n fin ves is matter of State right with
which Congreso, or any other Fecial authority,
t « nothing to do.   This jrreat princir> of foil 
stitut onal junsprco.e "ce has been settled, too, upon II
the highest prmcioles of humanity, by which slave 
are d-clared 'o be, not catalla o.tosa, not me.e
things or animals, but human beings, aoprentices,
or pupils, in a state 6 f perpetual minority—-a prin-
ciple developed by the tempsrate course of judicial
administration infinitely more valuable to th s un-
fortunate class of mankind than ever abrupt Abo
li'ion has been or can be. In this Distnct, as I
have taken some pains to inform myself, the last
census shsws a deciease in the last ten yeats o'
about 33-J per cent, of the -laves h re, whose num-
bers now do not exceed some forty -fire hunared.
Cm bono, then, I repeat, a senseless, and, may I not
add, wicked agnation? What good cots it do'
What mist mef may it noi do? The venerable mem-
ber irom Massachusetts says himself that the time
has not yet come for emancipating the slaves of this
Distnc • so that this whole Union is to be distracted,
perhaps destroyed, ?nd its ch/npcier indelibly dis-
graced, for the prtsptctive emaneiraiion, without
any immediate action whatever, of not many more
slaves than have been the pioperty of three or four
individuals. The pious and illustrious survivorof
the signers of the Declaration of Independence,
who died in this neighborhood possessed of a fourth
or a fifth as many as the whole number who are
the objects of what, in the language I am about to
read from a passage of Burke, may be well termed
the malignant chanty ef a vast conspiracy of fana-
tical, or impracticable, or partisan Abolitionists,
forei«n and domestic.
Independent of the constitutional inhibition, all
history, and the laws of nature and of nations
abound with proofs that one peop'e or State have
no right to mteifere with ths polit ca1, social, or re-
ligious institutions and habits, or prejudices of
another, and that a large proportion ot ¡he wars
which have desolated modern Europe, may be
traced to i ragn atical violations of this cardinal
principle of peace and nsht. Tnerf is an admira-
I le argument < n tne subject in Clarendon, which I
gave to the public on a it rmer tecas on, and would
like to repeat now, but for tear of bemg cal'ed to
order Publicists abound with authority to the
sxmp effect
[Mr Ingersoli did not venture to read from
Vattel, which he had taken to lhe House, an I had
on his de-k for that purpose, the fol owing pa -
sages, having, as he deems, ob/ious connection
v.i h th" subject    Book 2 ch ip  1, sec 18
"rhsg una! pmiciple pichibitsail nations eveiy evil piar
ti e ten In i lo ci ttt di t n jince in another iMrte to fomtnt
disci i 1 In ton ij t its Citi7en« to allot tie i i ilhes to laise
enemies to suily its teput tüon ind to deprive it of us natun
i Wantages
A ai books chap 4 <=cr rA ' If is a maini t consequence
ol the libeitv itld i idependtnce of moons hai all hive a
n ht lo be govtlued i lliev t! ink piopei an ithit oonehavethe
k ist i Hi nty lo in eilcic in the Ot velnniente! anilíiei Male
Of all the rights that c\n h Ion" to a nailon sovereignty is,
dounllr ■> the mostpiecnns and tint winch otheis otght the
mist cuipulo isly loitsfut if they would nottlo i anirijmy
And a am n the xim, I k tnit chiptei stt 51 It is then
cert un tint no i ne can mlufe c in opposition to the will of
t nation m its, uligious ailaiis without violating its lights
uul d n°" it u i ijuiy A.uchlessis any on allowed to em
ploy loice of urns to oblige it to receive i doUtinc and i w jl
ship which he consiieis as Divine What n°ht 1 ave men to
p oclaim themselves the defendéis and piotectois of the cau e
í G (It lie always knows how, when he pleases to lead the
i ation" to the knowied eol himself, Iv moie ceitam means
thin those of violence Perbecuti it, mal e no tuie convei s
1 ic nionsmiismaxini of cxten ling religion bv thesword is a
utívtrs o i ortho liws ilnrttons ai t the mist teinblescouige
of In glims Every madman believes he fights Hie canse f
G d mil every ambition man coveishimsel with this pre
I ice V hile ( hailemigne spead fire an i swoid thloueh
vtxony to riant Chi ibflanily here the sticee ■«, ol Mahomet
iivt tt \ it. and Aincato establish heKoian   J
io these quotation-, from the bt«t «.uihonty, I
beg to add an digume>it which may be conden ed
into an axiom, to wit That there if no right to ?ct
vl ere there is no jurisdiction to enforce the act
Wnat go d then, I reiterate, can come of in is
malignant chant>? it by ro means mend ¡he
matter, on the contrary, it is aggiavatior, that the
Cnglish mst gate and their American ms'ruments,
ma \i t conspiracy a„imst American rights a^d
rcpuUt' n, Eie not degradi d individua's with b->d
characters and motives. The better the r cha-
racters, the purer their mo ire , the more formida-
ble is tne r combination It is my de ire to submit
th's great questiou, wuhout reproach of thee who
¡«re often stigmatized as Abolitionists, because I
th't^k jheir misconduct may be rendered more
sTikmg by concfedm* to them ths went of good
intention. Still they are no be ter than the Jaco-
bins ot France, the mndmen who convulsed
and deluged that country m revolution and blood-
shed It is now well ascenainsd, from the ex-
cellent history of the Fien-h Revoluti n by M.
Thiers, the late Prime Rimi-ter, and o'her sources
of unquestionable information, that Rubespiere,
for instance, was not the monster oí iniquity which
his sanguinary career had induced us to believe.
He was an cnthus "t, a man of pure life, good
manner , honest, and tvell di posed, without blood-
thirsty inclinations, but mfa'u ted by distempered
zeal, and driven on^rd by crowds of other mad-
men, io perpetrate 't-e frightful atro tics of which
he was undoubtedly the author Let us not in
America, the wisest and mest humane among us,
flatter ourselves that we are beyond the reach of
similar malign influence- It is part of American
history, that in th  immediate vicinity of the vene-
rable gentleman fiom M?ss chusetts birth place,
as many persors of uoth sexes were put to death
for withcraft, and m ss «■ ort a time, the prison
was as much encumbered with victims for the gal-
lows, in proportion lo the whole numbei of the po-
pulation, as suffered by the guillotine under the
anarch reign of Rt bespiere To hate vice, it has
been well said, is to hate mankind To take up
arms, either moral cr national, against every aber-
ration, would exterminate all men, or reduce them
to a state of universal warfare. Acrimony
of indignation, intensity of hatr d, is no evidence of
superior virtue. If wnh the colonial inheritance of
slavery, the people of the Southern States were
born to the cur«e which Abolition pronounces it, it
is as unwise as uncharitable to pursue them for it
with bitter, unrelenting persecution, and when this
persecution comes to be organized into a vast con-
spiracy, with branches on both sides of theAlantic,
emmissanes from England pervading this country,
and missionaries from this, stimulating that—hired
missionaries, I presume, for I doubt whether gratu-
itous z-al would be so persevenrg and troublesome
as that which is paid for by societies "nl other or-
ganization —it a-noun s to an a^rchtcal emp.re
within the constitutional empire of these United
Stpte-, distracting and di"oiganizing all i s proper
movements. It is piecibely the sysiem of the
Frerch revolut on as described b/ Burke in his re-
flec ions on that subject in the passage I am about
to read
"We cannot," said he "be ignoiant of the spirit of atheistical
fanaticism that is ín&pned by a multitude of wntings dis
penned wnh mere lit le as=kluny and expense, and bv sermons
d liv led mall lhe street- ai 1 pi ice-of public resoit in Paris
The ewntinos índ&ei nir n-havefilled the populace withablack
and^avageatiocltyof nun 1 which supercedes in them the com
mun feeling-of nat ne as well as ah oen ime its of morality and
le1 inon insomuch that these wrctclieo aieinductd o bear with
a sullen patience the intolerable distresses biought upon them
by tie violent convulsions and permutations that have been
made in property The spun of pronely tism attends this spirit
of fanaticism I hey have societies to cabal and correspond at
home and abroad foi the p opagation of then tenets lhe Re
public of Beine oneof the happiest t e most prospeious,and the
be*t governed countnes upon earth is one of the ereat objects
it die destruction of win li they dim I am to'd they have in
somemeasuie succet' dm sowing there the seeds of diseon
tent I hey aie busv throughout Gen íaiiy Spam and Italy
iiave not been nntiied Lngl md is not tele out of the cimpie
iien-ive scheme of then malignant chant) and in iingiand we
find those who stretch out their ai ms to them wile recommend
their example fiom moie than on pulpit and who el t se, at
more than one peiiodical meeiing publicly to coirespondwith
them to appl Hid them an 1 to hold them up as objecls for imi
tation who leccive fro n them tokens of conliateinity, and
standaids con ecr^ted am d their righrsanl mysteries who
sugges to them league*, of perpetual amity at the very time
when th i owei to which otii Ci prntutiun ha exclusively de
ipoatelthe feleratl/e capacity of tins kingdom, may find it
expedient to make wai uj on them "
The Abolition ?gt ation is a conspiracy, in the
true definition of that rffenc. It is ths combin-
ing of many to break law, wn ch is the very defi
nition of conspirac}; nore tie fetter that the con
spirators are many of them prisons of fa r charac-
ters, and perhaps pious designs, much ths worse
for embracing England m its immense circuit of
open agitation. It is one of those portentous de-
velopments of fie-  i-scc ?tion, which Mr. De
Tocquevill? i^marns as t'e great interior machi-
nery controlling that ol Government in this coun-
try. Let it act, 'e* it alone, tin' it remains within
constitutional limit But let it pot transgress
them by abusiye ,i sarpbeatsons ot another great
franehi-e—>he a!i< ge 1 pght of petition. Let it not
enter the Government. That Abolition has done
mfirite mischief, is manifested by its effects on
