74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1841.
27th Cong""1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
ampled, so as to render the home valuation of un-
lookedfor importance.
I cannot leave this branch of the subject without
calling attention to the islands of Hajtti, Jamaca
and Cuba In Hayti, the blacks emancipated by
insurrection, long absolute masters of the island,
have reduced its great resources to impoverish-
ment, misery and contempt; badly cultivated and
worse governed Many respectable free colored
people from the United States, who went there to
settle, have returned disgusted with the specimen
they saw of the freedom and government of slaves
emancipated by insurrection. All accounts repie-
sent Cuba as among the most productive and
pre sperous quarters of the globe. Jamaica exhi-
bits the questionable consequences of metropolitan
interference in compulsory emancipation. Brazil,
cultivated by slaves, is ihe most, if not the only,
flourishing part of all South America, including
Mexico. If these are facts, they are stub-
born things, and persuasive dia'ectics. The
coercion of distant power, always liable to un-
foreseen and irresistible reaction, often fai's un-
der the influences of overruling Providence.
The whole force of Great Britain, applied every
how, physically and morallj, and everywhere,
during the last five and twenty years, to suppress
the slave trade, had but increased and aggravated
it. In the present state of public sentiment through-
out Chns'eudom, the introduction of either slavery
or the sl^ve trade, any where, is extremely impro-
bable. Just, temperate, and timely dealing with
both, might gradually, perhaps, extinguish them
But it is not to be denied that they are both deeply
seated in ihe practices and habits of mankind, of
all ages and countries. We have now nearly a
quarter of a centurys experience that sudden, for-
cible, and denunciatory extirpation of evils, so
deeply rooted, fails to remove tnem, if it does not
cause greater kindred evils m their stead. Every
humane and intelligent man must perceive that
instant and violent emancipation of the slaves of
this country, would be mo e injurious to them than
to their mailers. Time, a great element in all
ameliorations, is indispensable to this.. The cardi-
nal principle of modern political economy, that re
straint is seldom, if ever beneficial, is applicable
even to the question of slavery. It it be really the
curse it is said to be, it will cure itself sooner, bet-
ter, and more effectually, than can be accomplish-
ed by acts of Congress.
Still the great question remains; the right of pe-
tition as it is called, which I now approach with
diffidence, but not wuhout having long and care-
fully examined íi, until brought to th- conclusion
that it i;, much misconceived My position is, that
the English lie.ht of petition is not an American
right, evenm the Slates of this Union, much less
in the United Stales under the Federal Constitu
tton. I think I can «how that what the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts is so anxious to
preserve is n t an Amrncan but an EngU h
riaht, and that his doctrine is that of an English
Whig, not of ->n American Republ can Let me
read a paragraph fro-n Blaekstore's Commentaries
to explain what is the English right of petition
' If theiesh mil ha¡ pen inv nrom n in injui> or inflinge
ment ol the iHui bef ¡e meniui e 1 says tins amhoi, win h
the onlinaiy c mis-col Iiw h 1 tef etive to íeach, there (ill
remains a fruuh sul oi In ate uqht j\ cruimngto evciy nidi
vidua! namely the nghtol petmoi u g the King orenher fínu o
ofPallltmeit lorÜR icdiess ct nevances In Ku   a we
are told that the < /ar Puei t^tiblí h 1 i law tint no subject
might petition I he throne till he hi! In t | < titioned two chi!
rent Ministers if fet-ite In rise he ootaine 1 justice t mi
neither, he mHit then pie^erit a third petition to tie
Prince bat v\ on p tin of ckith if foun 1 to be in
the wionfr Ihe c nsequente of which was ihat
no one daied to off i sjc! thud petition iiil suev-ínces
seldom filling undei the n tice f the smei igi hi had little
oppoitunny to Tedie s them Ihe íestiietiüi s fir some theie
aie which arc hid upon petitioning m I nelar 1 are of a ip
ture extlemely different and while tí ey rionutethe spun of
peace, they ale no vduek n¡ >i t! at c f h! eity C t e only must
betaken 'est up n the p*-tter ce < f j enn nni" the su! ject be
gulltyofany not r ni!t ishifpei d in the pennigilthe
memorable 1 arlia ne tot 10 0 a Id f ev nl this it i* pto
videdby the slatu e ] ( n 2 st 1 e!i 7 that no pen ion tt the
Kiner, orenher I- ou eofPuiiament fo any alteration in church
or sute, shall be slgtel by above twenty persons unless
the   ma ter thereof   be approved by  three justice   of  the
Esace, or the major partofthegnnd jury of the county and in
ondon by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council,
nor shall any petition be presented by mole than ten neisons at
a time But under these regulations ids declared by the sta
tute, 1W, ¡uidM st 2, ch 2, that the subject hath a right to
petition, and that all commitments and prosecutions for such
petitioning are lllegat"
Tnus the English right of petition is provided by
act of Parliament, and is absolutely md'spen*a>le
to English liberty. I will read that portion of the
sia tut  of William and Mary which contains the Eng-
lish bill of rights—probably the model of th" Ameri-
can Declaration ot Independence—certainly of the
various State bills of rights in this country. There
is a chapter in Montesquieu, the caption ot which
is that monarch's ought to be accessible. The Rus
nan Czar punished with death any subject present-
ing him a petition, which had not first for two days
been submitted to his minister. Petitions presented
to Charles II in a tumultuary manner, caused ac's
of Parliament limiting the number of persons permit-
ted to assemble for the purpose of agreeing upon a
petition, and tbe number permitted to go when the
petition was to be prerented. In this way the right
ofpetiuon became a qualified right in England, a
limited, guarded, and, to this hour, a contested
right. It is a mere supplication put up by subjects
to their superiors, their monarch, or an omnipotent
Parliament Gentlemen deposed to examine the
subject may find an argument by Dunning, vindi-
cating the light of petition from Mansfield's con-
struction of 11, m the Annual Register for 1781.
The language of the bill of rights is remarkable
"That it is the right of the subjects to petition the
king, and all commitments and persecutions for
such petitioning are illegal " Such are the stinted
terms of this mere boon wrung from the slow leave
of a Government, whose arbitrary ft atures were
somewhat softened by allowing the humble to com
plain to those 111 power.
Webster's, or any other Dictionary, defines peti
tion to be a supplication from a subject to a superi-
or, ¿nd grievance something impo.ed by a superior
upon a subject. In none of these view , therefore,
or consistently with any of these definitions, is the
English right of petition, a right of the same im-
portance, or even the same kind of right in this
country, because the people are sovereign here,
and th re is no omnipotence of legislation. More-
over, the right of instruction is with us a constitu-
tional popular right It is in terms incorporated
with the 19th article of the bill of rights of the State
of Massachusetts It is contained in the Constitu-
tions of Main?, New Hampshire, Vermont, Vir-
ginia, and probably other States of this Union
When the^e States engrafted the right of petition
upon their constitutions, it was accompam«d by
the right of instruction, and although the practical
consequences of the latter might have become party
doctrines, yet the principle is clear, beyond all
doubt, that the right of instruction exuts, and in
some way or other may be effectuated. What is
right? It is autbonty. It must control It is
more than mere claim or solicitation. Because
the right of instruction may not exist in England
is no reason for its denial ai this country, though
it is frequently, if not commonly, contesied upon
the ground of B irke's well known argument.
The twenty-four towns of the Congressional dis-
tnet of the i onorable genileman from M'ssachu-
setts have a runt to instruct him Should they
pennon, I submit that it would be his duty
as the r Representa'ive, to remind them thai
«hue mmon íes may petition, majorities enjoy the,
higher riff'it of in traction In short, instruction is
the major, pennon the minor r gV In traction is
the nght of amijorny, petition that of a minority,
or of a smsle individual. Cases may be conceived
where <i single slave of this Dis net might have a
ngnt to pe ition Con°res<, and for one I sbon d be
inclined to lend a willing attention to such petition
But as a right important to any majority of Ame-
rican citizens I deem ihe much vexed a"d much
abU)fd rjs.ht of petition misrep'esented by that
false analogy to British pttced nt which n th" fre
quent bastardy of American ímpr^ions I had
come to tms result by mere reflection, without ihe
aivantage of any American authority,before meet
ing wi h what I am now ¿bout to read from the
very high authority of Judge Tucker's Notes on
Blacbstone's Commentaries-
"The same article secures to the people the right of assem
Wing peaceably, and of petitioning the Government for the re
dress of grievances  The Convention of Virginia proposed an
amelo expiessed in terms more consonant with the nature of
our representative Democracy, declaring that the people have
a light peaceably to assemble together to consult for their com
mon good, 01 to instruct their representatives, that every free-
man has a right to petition or apply to the. Legislature, for the
redress of gnevanc s This is the language of a free people
asserting their lights the other savors of that state of conde-
scension in which favors are supposed to be granted In Eng
land, no petition to the King or either House of Pal liament for
any alteration in church or state, shall be signed by above
twenty pe sons unless the matter thereof be ajiproved by
three justices ofthe peace, ora major part of the grand jury
in the county nor be presented by more than ten persons In
America, there is no such restraint "
Thus far I have spoken of the right of petition
as a State right. The same view of it is much
strengthened when we come to consider it is a Fe-
deral right. I will not venture the po mve asser-
tion, but much incline to think, with deference to
better judgments, that the 1st article of the Amend-
ments 10 the Constitution of ihe United States does
not contemplate petition at all as the right sup-
posed Congress shall make no Uw abndamg the
right of the people—to do what1—peaceably to as-
semble, and to petition the Government for redress
of grievances. Does this mean any thing more
than that, contrary to the English Bill of Rights,
any number of the American people may assem-
ble, provided they do it peaceably, and any num-
ber may present their petition to the Government1*
Congress can make no law to prevent such proceed-
ings, but that 1  all. The right of petition may
indeed be an inherent political, if not a natural,
right. Perhaps the Constitution takes it for grant-
e 1 But in l's ¿ingle use of the term petition, the
Constitution seems tome to contemplate the repeal
of all British íestraints upon numerous public
meetings and numbers presenting petitions, rather
than guarantying the right of doing so, which,
wherever the right of instruction exists, is certainly
of lesser importance. The Constitution guards
the right of assemblage, not of petition. Mem-
bers of Congress are mere ttustees by limited and
specific grant of short-lived power. The people
and the States are sovereign. Is it not a solecism,
a pTversion, that such sovereigns should petition
such servants? We never hear oí States petition-
ing the Senate. Their wishes are always conveyed
by instructions And I must say that it appears to
me that the idea of any majority of a sovereign
people petitioning Congress, is derogatory to popu-
lar sovereignty, and contrary to the nature of our
ins ltutions. A mmon y or an individual may pe-
tition, I concede, but it is false reasoning to ascribe
to such petition the vital importance of the great
radical right of petition under the British Constitu-
tion
The instances of petition alleged by Ihe venera-
ble member from Massachusetts were every one of
them English, not Amer can illustrations. Certain-
ly an English petition for the repeal of the Union
wou'd be constitutional, or perhaps to divorce
Church from State Bat there is no analogy in this
to whatever may be the American right of petition.
What right has a citizen ot Vermont to complain to
Congress of a grievance which he suffers from the
laws of inheritance in Georgia' Carry this view
of the subject a step further. What right has a
mmonty ot the peoplem Pennsylvania to complain
to Congress of a grievance they suffer from the ma.
jonly ot the people of Virginia maintaining slavery
as one of the establishments of that State' The Fe-
deral Constitution certainly does not give the right
in term , nor I bel eve is it even pretended to be a
constructive right L it, then a right of nature^
Is it a right proceeding irom any law, natural, or-
ganic, or other whatsoever? It appears to me not;
o'herwtse American ciuzens have the same right to
petition Congies  against British military govern-
ment in Ireland, India, and Canada, Fiench in Al-
geria, and Spanish in Cuba There surely is no
right to pennon ?g=unst them as ^nevances.
Finally, granting th it I am wro"g in all these
collusion , and trat th Engl sh tight of petition
is an Am ncin right, obligatory upon Congress as
upon Par'iimont— aking it forgianted that the
right of pent on is a pe fea right, (which I deny,)
yet even 111 this, tne s rongest vkw of ihe subject
that can be taken, it is only a perfect political right,
ihe right of petition, in collision with a perfect na-
tural right, the right of self-preservation, when, ac-
cording to all reason and all authority, the political
right must yield to the natural right.
