June, 1841.
27th Cong--"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
Case of McLeod—Mr. Ingersoll,
These elsmentary views on an interesting and
important topic are submitted to judgments much
abler, to information much more extensive, and to
sympathies much stronger than mine for develop-
ment as they deserve. My own humble conclu-
sion upon the who'e are
1st That there is no right of petition to Con-
gress from persons m one State to interfere with
slavery in another.
2d. That there is a right of petition from the
people of this District to Congress to regulate or
abolish slavery withm the Dis net, if they" will.
3d But that the people of the States did not
elect members of Congress to repre ent the people
of the Slates as to slavery in their District, but to
enact laws for its Government as its local Legisls-
ture would, if it had one, instead of being repre-
sented for local purposes by Congress.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, at wme expense of the
patience of this honorable House, I hive respect-
fully submitted my humble views on the distirct
questions of Abolition and petition.
Respecting the third question which I premised,
that of regulation, I must confess that I do not like
the 21st rule, because it is both too comprehensive
and too stringent. We are not now called upon
to repeal, but to renew it; and if I might judge for
myself or those I represent, I would preier seeing
it at least modified. I am unable to judge of the
effects wh'ch its abandonment now, alter being in
operation some years, might have on the slave-
holdmg States It may look like yielding to what
tiiey deem ungenerous agitation, and unconstitu-
tional aggression, and so prove injurious to their
cause. But I cannot help thinking, that if there
were no hindrance to petitions on this subject,
Abolition would soon expire by spontaneous com-
bustion.
The rule seems to invite agitation, and to cover
unworthy attacks upon our Federal Union, dis-
guised in pretended vindication of the right of pe-
tition. Here is a rule, a mere regulation of the
business of this body, which as it stood, operated
I conceive, with a vigor beyond that of law, with
more power than an act of Congress. The hono-
rao e gentleman from Maiyland, Mr. W. Cost
Johnson, has acknowledged that it is the offspring
of a sudden impulse in a monent of great excite-
ment, withsut, as I understand him, either preme
ditation or consultation.
[Mr. W. Cost Johnson explained that Mr. Inqer-
soll had misapprehended him. The rule was his
own production, on a sudden, yet it had long bten
m ditated, and the subject of frequent and anxious
consultation with other , no party measure, but a
constitutional interposal j
Mr. Ingersoll said he still wished to ¡c the
rule modified, b cause he thought it had been the
pretext for misrepresentation of an alleged right of
petition, giving agitation a power over the subject,
which no mere Abolition movement could. I
want to see, said he, all obstacles removed out of
tas way of the direct and open efforts of Aboli-
tionists to ac* upon Corgre '. Let us have tteir
plan—ltt m know their projects. Let them tell us
distine ly, not by clamor and denunciation, at the
imputed suppress on of the alleged right of petition,
butbyoveit action and explicit resolution, what
they mean, and what they want I am afraid
Southcn gendemtn provok  agitation by attempt-
ing to coerce its silence I think it would b better
foi the peace oí the country, and the preservation
of the Union, that Congress should be distinctly m-
iormed what it is those who confidcr themselves
Abolitionists can or would do, by the agency of
Congress, to promote then design , aid accelerate
the end of •-la very. I think I may venture to assure
the South that there is m the North a great prepon-
derance of public sentiment decidedly unfavorable
to all agitation of the subject, and desirous cf the
constitutional repose which it has a right to, and
requires. This is no longer an age of compulsion.
Men and nations are governed now more by reason
than by prejudice. Nor is there a grea'er mistake
than that wh<ca seems to have peivaded all the
views of the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts on this subject, that it is a qstestion of party.
No such thing, sir. The District Judge of Penn-
sylvania, well known to the gentleman from Mas-
H. of Reps.
sachusetts; the Judge of the Supreme Court of the
Dmtcd States, re^iding'in lhat State, anear rela-
tive of mine, not of my politics, who lately repre-
sented the city of Philadelphia on this floor, and
many others of influential standing who might be
mentioned, together with the great body of the
community m Pennsylvania, where there is not
a slave nor probably a person who th nks well of
slavery, are nevertheless opposed to uncon<titu-
tional intermeddling with tt-e rights of o h'r-States
and the property of other people. They alt depre-
cate the undue agitation o* this subject Tne la'e
venerable President of the Abihuon Society of
Pennsylvania, did not hesitate to mike known his
aversion to fhatspint of interference which hepro-
nouneed unjust and injurious to both m-ser and
■•lave. To succor the slave, he said, is the
duty of humanity, not to injure or discredit the
master. I believe, sir, the s ave States may rett
assured that they have no'hing to apprehend
from ihe great majority of the people of ths free
States on this subject, but the contrary.
Yet, I would like to see this rule so primed
of some unnecessary phraseology, and, more-
over, so modified in principle, as to render it
strictly at>d unexceptionably conformable to the
real, constitutional portion, pioper to be occu-
pied by thee on ih s floor who think as
Ido on tbe subject. "Whatever may be said, sir,
of the fiscal and economical necessities of the
country, this, after at!, is ihe sieate--t of topics
This is 'he question of b) far the most pervading,
the most enduring, the mt<¡t vital impoitance. Ii
is the topic oi the wot Id, the question of the age
Paihament and Congress are both engaged upon
it. English as well as American e'ections tura
upon it. I feel anxious, I confess, very anxious,
so to vote upon it as to be exactly right, to yield
no principle of conscience to the pressure of any
kind of expediency, but to maintain the Constitu-
tion we have all sworn to support, in its very letter,
its very spirit and true construction. That it has
been endangered, if not infringed, by this agitation,
that there was a time when i> had not the counte-
nance here which it enjoys now, is too obvious
I wi<-h 'o íes ore the time «Situ votes in this lleude
were nearly unanimous as by firm and .empcrate
action upon unconstitutional Abolition they may
pernaps b°come again. Tne Con titution has
marvellously proved its own exceeding wisdom
Forty years ago, ater thirty-s°ven ballo's in this
House, Jefferson was elected over Burr to be
President of the United States. That contest su-
perinduced what was considered by an indignant
party an amendment to the Constitution, which, m
its recent opera'ion, should be a s'roig admonition
to men of all parties, not to suffer pass on to over-
come reason in organizing Government I call ihe
attention, sir, of every member of this House to
what I conceive a striking eon«equence of that
change in the Constitution, w holier for good or for
evil remains to be s«.en But if it be so, is it not
a most poweiful admomtun to be tenac ous of
wiat is permanently rignt, wi bout be n% sv, ajed
by trancen' c reunís a^ert or party passion1-, that
if the Con t latum hid been left imal ered, as ar-
ranged by tvo^e who framed it, Mai>'n Van Buren
would have b'en the cuns'i u lonal successor of
William Henry Herri on
SPEECH OF MR. INGERSOLL,
Ol 1Ti\N-\I\A\TA
In the House of Rrpresenta'wes, Tune 21, 1841 —On
Mr John G Floyd's lesolution 'ha' the Presi-
dent be requested to inform the House whethei
any officer of the ?im/ hi  been dir cted to viMt
the State of New York for any prp^se con-
nected with the ifipn eminent or trial of Alex-
ander McL od, ard if «o, to communicate h «
instructions, and report Mr Ingersoll m ved
to amend by adding tbe Attirney Gen ia', apd
wh'ihet, by any Executive m^is^ae  or cere-
spondence the British Government had been
given to understand tiat McLeod \nll be re-
leased or surrendered
Mr INGERSOLL returned thank? lo the mover
of the resolution, [Mr. J. G Floyd,] lor an oppor-
tunity—when the House was not much engaged
with the yet unprepared fiscal  measures  which
brought Congress together, and, in fact, for the pre-
sent appeared to have little to do—to call public
attention to several important questions of consti-
tutional law, evolved by the instructions of the Se-
cretary of State to the Attorney General, and to
the much migh ler matter, he might say the fear-
ful consideration of war itself, opened to the coun-
try by lhat gentleman's correspondence with the
British mmi'ier.
I shall, said Mr. I very summarily abridge the
circumstances which have led to this state of things.
Canada, a British colony, conterminous with seve-"
ral of the United States, throughout a long line
whieh, as Mr Webster saj<., !■? extensive enough
to cut the wholo continent of Eunpeinto halves;
di vided from the Amei ican territories, sometimes by
Mediterranean rivers and lakes, and at others by
mere geographical lines, there being between the
Siate of Vermont and¿ in some other places mere-
ly and hardly an ascertained frontier, without ac-
tual separation between the Brit sh and American
possessions—Canada, wi h some 800 000 Bri-
tish subject* of French descent, and, I believe,
about 100,000 Americans, considered itself an
oppressed province I shall not enter at all in-
to the merits of the controversy, which have no-
thing to do with the view I am about to submit of
the subject. In a word, as I understand the mat-
ter, the Canadians complained that while Great
Britain allowed ihem something like representative
Government in the elec'ion of member  to what is
called the lower House of Assembly; she arro-
gated to herself the right of appointing the mem-
bers of the upper House, whereby an insuperable
bar, an impeiviousveto, was imposed upon what-
ever measures the inhabitants of tha country might
desire to enact for its improvement. In addition
to this grievance, the offices were mostly filled by
fore gners, by whom also the best public lands
werp monopolized m large grants from the crown;
and otherwise these inhabitants thought themselves
wronged. They revolted. Civil war, with much
of its usual aggravations, ensued. Canada was
subdued by military force, with many circum-
stances to excite the sjmpathies of its American
neighbors Villages were sacked and burned, ma-
ny per«ons were put to death by the military, others
execu'ed on the gallows. Numbers fled or were
banished, devastation, confiscation, martial law
and «ubjugation were inflicted upon ihe Canadian
people, and it was natural that their neigh-
bors on the American side of the frontier,
should sympathize with the afflicted Canadi-
ans Among the persons sxecu ed, was a re-
spectable citizen of Pennsylvania, leaving a
widow and numerous family who in vain besought
his pardon. I was sitting of an evening at the
door of my house near Pniladelphia, shortly after
the'-e shocking occurrences, when a poor Cana-
dian family, consisting of a m-.n, his wife, and two
children, one of them not six weeks old, with a
young brother, who had fled all the way from the
buinmj, ruins of their c mntry, living m a rude
cart, and begging a night'-, shelter, occasionally,
wn-revr tnej could find it, asked for it in my
barn, and I learned irom these apparently inno-
cent and mleresurg French people, some'hing of
the seventies wh ch, in common with many of
their countrjmen, th«y had enduicd from foreign
conquerers The/ h<d been a month upon lb.8
road, hying in their cart, di awn by a poor Canadian
pony, coming to Philadelphia, where the man sup-
posed he had a brother from whom he might ex-
pect assistanc Hundreds of fail lie^ in still
greater distress, along an extensive 1 ne of frontier,
cud hardly tail to excite the strong sympathies of
our countrymen, living almost within sound of their
cnei, and in sight ot the gallows groaning with
frequent vk tims There was consequently, with*-
moc1! individual feeling, some interference from
the American side, some of it concerted and or-
gan zed, armed and obnoxious, both to British re-
cuK on anu ihe operation of our own acts
of neutrality. Still all that was done, and I
am not deposed in the least dcgiee to re-
duce or extenuate it, was infinitely less than
the Government of Great Britain has itsell openly
sanctioned by not merely permitting, but encourag-,
wg whole armies and fleets under the command
