í______________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________        3une, I84j!
27th: Cong.- -1st Se*s.                                    Case of McLeod—Mr. Ingersoll.___________    .....________________H. of Rep .
about war—nothing like it—m his letter, nor does
even Mr. Webster. What is war, Mr. Speaker?
Mast men of common sense inquire of Grotius,
Vattel, Rufherforth, and Bynkershoek? War is a
fact. Have the United States been at war with
Great Britain during the last three or four years?
Has all the immense commercial and personal m
terconrse between the two countries since then been
illicit and treasonable? Snrely not' The idea of
war is absurd. Or was it a war pro hoc vice—i war
for one night only—a war which began at m'd
night and ended before daylight, with one solitary
achievement'
In, one part of Mr Webster's letter, I concede to
him the merit of haying partially argued his case
with becoming spirit He denies with some force,
the audacious British absurdity, that the Americans
who interfered in Canada were pirates Certainly
they were not in any understanding of that term
But why did not Mr. Webster retort upon Mr. Fox,
that D ew, McLeod, McNab, and the rest of that
banditti were pirates—as> they cer'ainly were? It
is part of the well known law of nations, I refer
particularly to Bynkershoek for authority, ihat all
those are pirates «ho, without lawful commission's,
go forth upon Ihe water and cap ure and depredate,
which was exactly the predicament of the men who
came over from Canada and burnt the Caroline
Again, as to this question of war, supposing the
British Government bad «aid that this was a transac-
tion of war, and that by the comity of nations, our
Government was not at liberty to deny such assertion
of the British Government, yet, I take it that, with-
out any infringement of that comity, we were
at liberty to atik, and it was the duty
of this Government, as Mr. Webster styles
himself, to inquire of the British Minister
whether the transaction in question was autho-
rized, a prion, or merely ratified post faetuml Can
any Government, three years after such a transac-
tion a> this, shelter itself behind an assertion that
it was an act of public force duly authorized,
whether of war or not, and thus exonerate the in
dividual perpetrators of any arid of every offence?
I submit that it cannot be done.
But I go fuilher, Mr Speaker    I deny tf e law
asserted on the one side and conceded on (he other,
for this purpose.    In the iiist place, what is  the
municipal law?   Clearly that no person is justifia-
ble, by the command of a superior or a Govern-
ment, when charged with the commission of a mis-
demeanor or trespass    The law is the Fame, both
civil and criminal, in this respect    Withm a very
short time, as appears by the public journals in
the neighboring city of Baltimore, the Chief Jus-
tice of the United S'ates directed   Ihe  acquitlal
of    certain    seamen    accu'ed    of    a    revolt,
because,   as   he   charged   the  jury,   they   were
not   bound   to   obey  the unlawful command  of
a superior   It is a dist mruishmg, a salutary, and a
noble  principle of American and English law
that respondeat superior is no plea for wrong   The
humblest and mo-.t ignorant individual is bound 10
know at least so much law as will excuse him
for refusing to commit a crime, though command  d
by   hs superior   in  au'honty and   intelligence
Every lawyer will recollect the celebrated ca^es of
the  English    Stale   uimrents,   when   individuals
pleaded the drect interven ion of the Secretary
of State, producing  his order or warrant, proba-
bly under seal, for the ac s they committed    Ytt
though in most of ihe instances, the personal in-
jury was insignificant, ihe imprisonment almost
nominal, and the suffering neu to  nortina, Loid
Camden and other English julge?, invariably and
unhes atingly directed carnages to be given agiinst
the   officers   protected   by   G ivernment,   wh ch
damages were a^ses ed in large sum«, for ihe avow
ed   purpose   of  vindicating   violated   individual
right     I may add ihat within ihe last few years,
and the questun remains still umettled, ihe present
Chief Justice of   Euglard, in an analogous  case,
has constantly vindicated individual right against
the whole power of the House of Commons     It is
then, in my humble view, a radical v ce in Mr
Fox's assumption  and Mr. Webster's concession,
that the law of continental Europe is taken for the
law of England and this country.   It may be true,
pit, that in France, in Spain, m Germany, ía Italy,
whsrever the Executive Government predominates,
whatever it orders is justifiable, and there ma7 be
no instances of individuals punished for the exe-
cution of such orders, however arbitrary, out-
rageous, or sanguinary. The whole system of their
police rests on this basis. But i  is the distin-
guishing feature of British and American junspru
dence to individuate all responsibility, «nd nothing
I coreeive can be clearer than this as a munici-
pal principle
The only question there is, anses when we come
to international law, and of this I beg to ask pri-
marily, what are its received exponents? In er-
natiotioral law ¿is the usage of nations, no more.
Ha*, it ever been the practice of tee British Go-
vernment to be bound by the authority of Gro-
tius, Vattel, or Bynkerj-fcoek' Indeed, do not
tnose eminent publici&ts contemplate a state or
things consistent with ihat of continental Europe,
not with what, I presume, I may consider the
purer principles tf honest lunspiudence, which
have always been asserted by this country, and in
some measure by Great Britain? And uhat do
these great publicists, including Rutherforth, lay
down for the law, in this parLculat' I shall not
turn to them, because, much canvassed as they
have lately be«n in another place, every one must
see, that they nray be quoted perhaps either way.
I take it to be a principle of common sense, indis-
pensable to the administration of national justice,
ihat individuals are liable to punishment, notwith-
standing the protection of Governments, and that
McLeo 1 h responsible to the law either of the
State of New York, or of the United States of
Amer ca, in addition to the responsibility of the
British Government To say that every bandit
on either side of the St. Lawrence may ¡raraud
and depredate on either side ad hbuum, end be dis-
pnniíhable, because a Government thinks pro-
per, after whatever may have been done, to
assume the responsibilny of the transaction,
would introduce, if not a novel, certainly a most
formidable principle of international law, terribly
aggravating all bolder feuds
After all, history must decide ths point, and as
matter both of law and h'story, I speak not only
with proper deference in the presence of all the
honoiable gent.ernen of this House, but more es-
pecially oí one, whose vast learning and expe-
rience must enable him to present this subject in
lights which I cmnot aspire to. Still, I ask with
some confidence, after considerable investigation
and reflexion, can a single instance be mentioned
in which a person in McLeod's dilemma, has been
released by one Government, because another
has assumed the responsibility of his crimes' Is
there any such case on record' Does history in-
form us of even one such? None ha yet been
addt ccJ, and I presume nope can be The doc-
t ine repoTS on t'ie mere annunci«-lion of the dry,
hT I principle, whise pi 1 cy is extremely objec-
tionable, and whoee enforcement se ms never to
have occurred When Grecly and Baker, two
persons employed by oui Government to
tal e the census in what had been from
the time of our independence an undis-
puted part of good old Massachusetts, now
the State of Mame, were arrested by the Bri-
tish authorities, and their n lease demanded by our
Government on the ground of having acted by its
autlonty, I believe they were not yielded by ihe
British Government. Again, wuhin ihe last
twtlvemcntb, a cas  m many respects remarkably
pnalagous, occurred, when L uis B ñaparte in-
vaded Fiance and at'empled too^nl row the present
government of that kuigdcm He proceeded
from England, in a Bntis'i Heanjbidt,Wiih several
Fiench offictr , amen;; others the father of the
joung gentleman wh > is now ¡Ik S cretary of the
French Legation at this capital, landed at Bou
logne and attempted with arms the execution of an
unlawful enterpr se The English steamboat was,
I presume, in the power of the Fiench autoont.es,
but they did not at empt to tak° it, nor molest the
British subjects navigating it Th*y were not
termed or treated as pirates, but s-uffered to depart
in peace, nor, as far as I have ever heard, was the
slightest retaliation visited by the French, upon
euher the British ves?e!, crew, or country.
This matter of demanding and surrendering in-
dividuals by one country to another, has always
been deemed an act of national degradation. No
nation submits to it, without reluctance and the
direst necessity.
Gentlemen will find, by locking into the Annual
Register ef 1836, the case of a Frenchman named
Consul, who xvas peremptorily demanded by the
King of France, through the instrumentality of his
minister, the Duke of MontebelIo,sonof the famous
Marshal Lannes Even little Republican Switzer-
land, threatened by the ove shadowing power of
her immense French neighbor, able to cru<h her at
a blow, leng paused, deliberated, and remonstra-
ted, before, at last, by an arrangement, which was
not without some preservation of hei dignity and
se'f respect, a compromise was effected, which put
an end to the difficulty. Others, here piesent,
may perfectly recollect, as I do, that after the final
overthrow of Napoleon in 1815, when our war
with England had just closed, and we were all
anxious for reviving peace and prosperity, it was
supposed that he intended to make his escape to
this country, as his brother actually did. It would
have been a severe trial for the United States, at
that time, to have resisted the demand for
that personage from all conquering Europe,
combined as one nation. And yet I believe it was
the sentiment of nearly all parties, that we must
and would do so, that we could not yield to that
sort of demand, which, under circumstances some-
what similar is now imposed upon un, for the re-
lease of McLeod. During the administration of
the second President of the United States-, ths
whole country was convulsed, and parties bitterly
divided upon the question, whether a couple of
English deserters, as I think they were alleged to
be British seamen, should be surrendered by this
country. At all times, it is an extremely delicate
and odious demand, and it may not yet be too lale,
if, as I conceive, the Secretary of State ha3 gone
too far in a wrong direction, for him to reconsider
and retrace his step , and save the country from
consequences much to be deplored
Attention has been feelingly called by Mr. Web-
ster's eloquent advocates, in another part of this
building, and I am told it is the chorus of a cer-
tain portion of the press of this country, to the
pathetic elegance of bis letter, the pure Eng-
lish of his diction, and the rhetorical beau-
ties of the whole composition. Sorry defence,
sir, no defence at all. The established language
of diplomatic intercourse, as well as all us pro-
ceedings, are the severest reason and dispassionate
courlesy. Tropes and metaphors are altogeiher
out of place In the dip'ematic correspondence of
Jefferson, Madison, and Marshall, we find the se-
verest logic and ihe most convincing arguments,
but not one single metaphorical flourish When
falling back on such lesort, Mr Web'ter should
have felt that he was injuring his cause This
coriesrondence was to appear before his own
countrymen, before Great Britain and the world,
conveymg the plain good sense of simple right and
unadorned reason. Beyond that, every attempt at
a more ambitious style of writing is decidedly re-
prehensible, in bad taste, and worse logic Every
one recollects the celebrated precept of a great
man, particularly applicable to all Sate papers,
that in read ng over what you have elaborated with
the pen, if any thing strikes you as particularly
fine, be sure to leave >t out. I much fear that the
mas ers of the art of diplomacy in Europe will rot
read Mr. Webster's, coup d'essai null any Ihe more
gratification, because there may be, if there is, as
is *aiJ, here and ihere a sentence of the Corinthian
or composite order
Instead of studying tropes and metaphors, I must
be excused for saying that the Secretary might have
found better models of ihe Doric style of d plomacy
in the President's me>sa¡>e to Congres , of Decem-
ber, 1823, from which, as a long time has since
elapsed, I beg leave to read a sentence or two. Mr.
Ingersoll here read as follows
'In the wars of European Powers, in matteis lelatmgto
themselves, we have never taken any part, nor does it comport
with out policy so to di It is only when our rights ate invaded
or seuously menaced that we íestrit injnnes,or make prepara
tion for our defence With the movements in this hemisphere
we arc, of necessity, more immediately connected^ and by
names wh-ch must be viviente to all enlightened and mpar
