June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10
27th Cowg....1st Ses$.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
Ual observers The political system of the Allied Powers is
essentially different m this respect from that of America This
difference proceeds from that which exists in their respective
Governments And to the defence of our own which h-s been
achieved by the loss of so much blood and treasure, and matured
by the wisdom of their most enligntened citizens and under
which we have enjoyed anexampleo, felicity, this whole nation
is devoted    We on   it, therefore, to candor, and to the
AMIC ABLE RELATIONS EXISTING BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES
AND THOSE POWERSf TO DECLARE, THAT WE SHOULD CONSIDER
ANY ATTEMPT ON THEIR PART TO EXTEND THEIR SYSTEM TO AM
PORTION OP THIS   HEMISPHERE   AS DANGEROUS   10   OUR   PEACE
AND safety With the existing colonies and dependencies
of any European power, we have not interfered and shall not
interfere But with th? Governmen s who have declared
their independence and maintained it, and whose mdepen
dence we have, on great considei ations and on just pi mciples,
acknowledged, tie could not view any tnteiposition for the
purpose of oppressing them oi controlling m any othei
manner, then destiny, by an Bui opean potrei in any
other light than as the manifestation of an unfriendly dls
position towards the United Slates '
In these noble sentiments of American indepen-
dence, couched in a <=tyle less fljnd than Mr Web-
ster's, he might have found  a  model infinitely
more   grateful   to    an   admiring   country,   than
all  the   ambitious    beauties   of    his    capitula
tion     Yes,    s r,     principles,    who^e     analogy
and    application   to   the    Canadian    difficulties,
would have have been hailed with unanimous ap-
plause, and wou'd have raised him to a pinnacle of
overpowering populan'y, which such letters as his
to Mr Fox will never achieve    He mignt have
told the British Minister that our object it> peace,
and our policy is peace, that we deprecate war, and
know how to respect the vast power of Great Bri-
tain, that we shall not undertake hostilities with
her, unless compelled by the last necessity, because
sb.8 holds a French colony in our immediate neigh-
borhood in the iron grasp of military control, but
that such neighborhood is  uncomfortable and ex-
pensive to the good people of these United State*,
that her Britannic Majesf's Government must not
expect us to incur the expense and odium of main-
taining large forces on our frontier?, to prevent
Americans from sympathiz ng with their oppressed
neighbors  in  Canaua, that   they   may   sympa-
thize ,    that    they    ought   to    sympathize,   that
they shall  sympathize, ¡hat we   owe   it   to our
origin, to our institutions, to our charac er, io coun-
tenance such sympathy.    Mr. Speaker, has not
the time come lor such language,  for this tone,
this temper, and this national altitude1?    Is is not
the only way to preserve peace?   Is it not high
time that these United States of America, no longer
suffering themselves to be treated like Naples, Por-
tugal, or Egypt, take the stand in this hemisphere
which Great  Britain  gloriously occupies  in  the
other, and signify to her, not as a menace, but a
deliberate determination, that while we will not
interfere between her and her Canadian colonies,
unless compelled to do so, yet we cannot possibly
put down and sasrifice every American f-elmgand
every American puncip e, to gratify British lust
for distant conquest and colonial sway?   I sav
again, sir, 'hat in ihf-e sen'imenti the Secretary of
State would have found a response fon  almost
every American bosom.   This is a high spirited
and a martial peop'e    Every man ot them, at
this moment, under five and thirty years of age,
without distinction of party, is gfUed wi h some-
thing which feels like a British yoke    A feeling
pervade    this   country which  it will  be  much
more   difficult    to     quench    than    to    rouse,
against   British    interference    all    around   us,
East, West, North, and South    We seek no quar-
rel, we wi«h  to live m peace, and grow with its
benign advancement.    But if the  Secretary  of
State cannot   see, does not feel, tnat the sl'ghtest
capitulation to Bn.ish encroachmerts will not be
endured, he is blind and insensible to the most sig-
nal indications ot  the pjbhc sentiment pervading
this country.   I say ome more, Mi  Speaker, that
I do not utter one word, intend cl to be persona!,
or in the slightest degree offensive to that gentle-
man, but I must and I will say, entirely acquitting
the late President, General Harrison, and the pre-
sent Chiet Magistrate, Mr Tyler, of all  participa-
tion in ihe deplorable sentiments of Mr Webster's
letter, and the terrible dilemma to which it reduces
us, that we   are brought to a piedieament, to the
brink of a gulf, when one step further leads to a
war, without end, withojt excitement, almost «.ith
out a cause '   Our pos non is false, extremely and
lamentably   false.   The aggrieved party, as we
are, and bound to insist upon redres*, to require
the punishment of McLeod, Drew, and Mc
Nab, and the other pirates who destroyed the
Caroline, we bave been brought to such a
reverse of the true state tof thing , as to be
menaced with the wrong-doer's indignation, unless
we yield eveiy thing I die not whose fault it is,
whether of ibis Administration or that. In such
an affair, I cons der bo h the pre-ent and the past,
as presenting one and the same front to one and
the same assailant. I cannot refrain, however,
from saying, that whatever may have been our
position, it has been greatly deteriorated by Mr.
Webster's uniorturate concession. Suppose the
Judiciary of New York should deny Mr Web-
ster'-, law, and refuse to surrendei McLeod,
where are we' I know no'hing personally of
those magistrates, but with tb.3 reverence which
is instinctive for all administrators of justice, take
for granted that they will do whatever is right
without regard to political consequences ADd
what must those consequences be in aimrst any
evento If not released, but tried, and found guilty,
as he may be, where do we stand before the world,
since the Secretary of State has confessed that
what he calls the Government entertains no doubt
of our having no naht to detain him an instantf
That Government has no faculty oi« means of in-
terposition, it is utterly powerlossif the c uncon-
demns, to interpose and release the culpnt
Should the court discharge or a jury acquit bim,
whert will w e be, and what will it amount to? The
British doctrine is, that every moment's detention is
cause of war. Executiag the man may be more
shocking to humanity, but it is no more offensive
to national dignity than his detention. Safely en-
trenched as the case was by the last Administra-
tion, behind the unquestionable right of the Slate
of New York to administer independent justice in
the pierages, Mr Webster har surrendered that
by deplorable capitualation, and left us nothing
but hopeless wrong If acquitted of the criminal
charge, is the man to be released al«o from civil re-
sponsibility? Are ihe owners of the Caroline to
look to the Government of ihe United S'ates for
reimbursenvn "> As mple and intelligible diffi-
culty has been complicated b/ Mr Webster'-, rhe-
toric beyond all power but lhatof an overruling Pro-
vidence to extricate enher the British subject or ihe
American Government. He has left no option
but for the United States and Great Britain to try
which can do the other the most harm.
Nevci did man lose a greater occasion than Mr.
Webstei cast away, for placing himself and his
coantry together, upon a pmnacle of just renown
Great Britain had rumbled France, conquered
Egypt, subdued vast tract- of India, and invaded
the distant empire cf Cnim—there was nothing left
but our degradation, to fill th  measure of berglo-
ly, if it consisls in sueh achievements, and she g t
it by merely demanding, without expecting i An i
why have r e yielded? Was there any occasion
for it1 Did she intend to >eahz  ner threat' Were
the consequences which Mr. Webster «as entreat-
ed to take into h s consideration, the immediate ¡>nd
exterminating wariare, servile war and all, which
belligerant newspapers, peers, and o her such he-
ralds of hostih'ie" have r roelatmed? No =uch thm?.
We may rely, I th nk, with confi ience, opon ihe
common good sense of the Erg'i'h nation, not to
rush at once upon such extre-mties,  nd for
such a cause. Mr Fox to k Mr. Webster
m the melting mood, ai.d conqierea by a threat,
that is to say, conquered for fe moment,
because the resul«, at sPme distant ray,
uri'eas his steps rre re raced, will and must be
estrangement between kindrxt ninon*, and cold-
bloitled hostilities I h've often thought, Mr
Speaker, il at this affair of McL°cd is what m.ltu .
ry men call a demonstrali n, a ft int, a f Jse a lack,
to divert us from the Bnt'sh design op ihe Slate of
Maine of wh eh I trust not one inch will ever be
g ven up. And tral< , when ve had the be«t cau'e
in the world, and w°re the most clearly in the
riíh>, it has been contrived some how cr other, to
put us in false position, upon the defensive, in tead
of the offensive, and to perplex the plainest ca e
wi'h vexat'ous complication pp<] conce sion
Mr. Speaker, I will not trespass much longer on
the patience of the House, but I cannot take leave
of this subject without contrasting the present
truckling cf this now populous and powerful
Union, with what its stand was, five and forty years
ago. I am about to reads parts of a remarkable
paper, the author of which I will not name till after
I have read it, and perhaps there is but one mem-
ber of this House old enough to recognise it at
once.
Mr Insersoli, then read as follows
"Bom in a land of liberty, my sympathetic feelings and best
wishes are in esislibly ej. cited wht-neveí I seo an oppnessed na
tiun unfuil the banners of freedom "
[Mr Adams tere bpgan to smile with gratified
recognition, and Mr Wise exclaimed, "Why,
lhat is Washmg'on '"]
Ay, indeed ' said Mr Ij gersoll, that is the lan-
guage of ihe Father of his Country, he who was
' first m war, first in peace,and fiist mthe hearts of
his coantry men," the most prudent, the most re-
served, the most circumspect of men, with his feel-
ings perfectly disciplined, and who never gave vent
to them without due deliberation Yet, Washing-
tonjaílor^he hea js of the King End Clueen of France,
and thousands of their noble chivalry, had been
brtught to the block, France deluged in blood, and
festered all over with the leprosy of paper money,
Washington did not hesitate to say 10 a minister
of that nation, for sympathizing with whose coun-
trymen, colon zed in Canada, ours are treated as
pirates, lhat he—
' Rejoiced that liberty at last found an asylum in the bosom
of a regular organized Government, formed to secure the hap
piness of the Flench people "
Washington, who had just issued his famous
proclamation of neutrality, and was then the Presi-
dent of a people peaceably, but with difficulty,
struggling with Great Britain warring upon
France, did not hesitate to declare that the French
Government—
'(ri'uirie] the pudecfeveiy citizen of the United States, b/
Us resemblance ot o it o-vn in deiiveung to you these sentí
ments, ( ai 1 he ) I exprés not my own feelings only, but ihoae
of m> ftliow citizens, in relation to ihe commencement, the pro-
giess and theissueof the 1 icnch Revolution, and they wilt
cordially join with me in purest wishes to the Supreme Being
that the ci izens of o ir smci Kepubli may soon enioy in
peace that liberty which they have purchased at so great a
p ice and all the happiness which liberty can bestow "
This w?s the eloquence, Mr Speaker, of that
time. How un Me that of the present • Such
were the sympathies of Washington, very different
from Mr. Webs'er' . That he was a sympathizer,
in defiance of all Great Britain could say to dis-
parage it, must never be denied, wh'le this exempla-
ry letter remains part of the history of this country.
For an American not to love and prefer peace,
is hardly to be an American. For him to desire
war with England, of all Countnes,has been deemed
even unnatural and as an old man, certainly all my
aspirations are for pe.petual peace. But the ques-
tion occurs, which is the way to win n? Let me
vaticínate, although not disposed to be gloomy,
tha i.lies, Mi Webs er's ro ilion be changed
ai 1 amended, ~>c<nns of blood, at p rhaps no dis-
tant day, will meutao'y flow, to wash out tie stain
of ins capitu'ation to the British Ministers arro-
gant demand, which will never be patiently sub-
united to by the people of this country. My
prayers ate for peace in the right way, and I trust
the resolution before the House will be peceded
to, that ihe President may be able to communicate
with the immediate repretentaüves of the people
wnhm this nil1, and wi h public sentiment with-
out, by ea>'> advisement upon this all important,
(his appallirg sji-j-ct Surely no bankrupt
a" , no fiscil agent, no bank, tariff, or
dutnbition of the pubic lands, can com-
pare in importance wnh it It involves
the issue of peace or war Tne Chief Ma-
s sL«i e maj, I think shouid, commune with
Cor-groa concerning it, soon and freely, that the
evils of rar may be averted by the only attitude
which ever prevents them Tne motion and de-
bate will prove a salutary warning to the Execu-
tive, even should the resolution not be earned.
But'its adoption and official communication from
this House to the President may enable the Se-
cretary of State to recall ill-ad vised concession, to
re race, a false step, and sel himself right before
the country, and the country where it de ires to be
before the world.
