June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
I   27th ConG"-'1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
lie revenue—the great sources of oppression and
corruption, as all history abundantly showed. The
Executive being the source of appointment, he
should not be able to purchase increased emolu-
ment during bis term of office by appointment of
members of Congress to high public trust at home
or abroad. Hence that provision in the Constitu-
tion that I have quoted. The sagacity of those
sages foresaw the danger—they foresaw tbat m de-
generate times tha representatives of the people,
forgetting Republican equality, and losing sight
of the great blessings of Republican institution?,
might be beguiled into the obsequious worship of
men in power, and conciliate their iavor, by be-
stowing on them the means of princely splendor.
With what success they blockaded that channel
to aristocratic glory, the action of this Con-
gress will soon tell. They could not have
antiairated that thus early in the history
of this Government, the noble work of their
hands wou;d have become the prey of the spoiler.
Such precedents as we are about to set in the pau-
sase of that bill, if sustained by the people, or in-
differently passed by, would demonstrate the folly
c*f all written constitutions, and oalhs to support
them, and resolve all power into the will of Con-
gress, and the will of Congress into that of the
Executive.
I will admit the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Sergeant] was correct instating that Con-
gress had paid the funeral expenses oí its officers,
&c. I have no manner of objection to paying the
funeral expenses of the late President, but to in-
crease the emolument by giving a year's salary for
a. quaiter's service, I cannot vote tor any such mea-
sure,
Mr. G. then replied to that portion of the re-
marks of Mr. Sergeant, where he hud urged that
the eyes of the work! were up n us, &e. and that
as we had taken our place among the nations, it
bscame us to act with magnanimity. Mr. G.
«greed with all that had been said about this coun-
try hazing taken her place among the nations of
the earth; but the only way to preserve the respect
of the people of the Old World, was to act up to
th-3 spirit of Republicanism. If they acted in that
manner, they would then be respected by the great
family of nations.
If by the nations of the earth he meant the sove-
reigns, the crowned heads who^e good will and
pleasure he would cónchate, as contradistinguish-
ed (rom the great mass of the people, who locked
with high hope and confidence to our example of
republican equality as the beacon to light them on
the path to independence, I agree with the gentle-
man that liberal contributions from the national
purse f- families of high official rank and siation
in the Government, would be the moat likely to
prop.iidtc favor and purchase respectability in the
estc-ra of uatiu.;-  thu-, defined. But, sir, that
snecies of respectability is better lost than acquired.
The more v.e have of it, the nearer we ap-
proa-h to royal.y. I 'eel pmud of my country;
tot becau c oar Presidents or Secretaries at home
or ministers ubtovl ape the splendor of kings,
but becau.e the people hive a competency; are not
ground to dust by t-:e iron tr- ad of a splendid Go-
vernment; are intelligent, independen1, happy and
ft 23.
Here the cries of "order" were renewed.
After some further remarks, Mr. G. ptoceeded to
U&mthat he; lad heard th-.t Mrs. piarrtson was >iOt
poor. He had b.-en told upon high authority that
the late Piesidenthad an cítate worth $100,000
ou which his widow would be entitled to a dower.
Bat if the estite were encumbered, why, ht ihis
money be paid to the legal heirs, so that justice
inigat be done to the es'ate, ír.stead of placing
trie discretionary power m the hands of the widow,
who rn'ght or mignt not do justice. Yes, he had
heard that this estate was within the sound of the
bells of Cincinnati, worth $ 100 000, and yet the
law was lo be violated to give $25,000 to the wi-
dow.    [Much noise.]
Mr. G. said that he was not to be coughed or
cried down; gentlemen mistook their man, if they
supposed that he was ta be affected by the machine-
ry of the pclitical party.   He meant to vote as the
6
Cons itnlion commanded him to vo'e. He joined
i-sue with the opposition before the country upon
this breach of the Constitution, and he should be
heard. He supposed the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Sakgeant] would be pleased with the
splendid examples of the old world, but he should
not. He asked if this Government had a human
existence to shower down sympathy, or was it a
union of States, bound by the Constitution and to
be governed by ii? He said Gen. Harrison owed
the Uniied Stales $18,000.
Mr. PENDLE i/ON denied it.
Mr. G. rei'ered the charge. He said Gen. Har-
rison's esla e was at this moment -worth §100,000,
and lhat this money, if allowed him, should go to
his executors.
Mr. BR1GGS now called the committee to order.
Mr. Gordon continued, and defended the eld
soldiers. He sai I that they had fought gallantly,
and were paid off in continental rags. They,
therefore, had received no pay, and the pensions
paid them were just. He said the money was
asked to pay the expenses ot an electioneering
campaign. He wanted to know why Mr. Van
Buren was not entitled to receive his pay for bis
expenses during the same campaign. He said
if the fathers of West were to be pensioned by
Congress, he hoped the mothers of the West
would not all be saddled upon the country. He
had a high respect for Mrc. Harrison, and for the
late President,
Gut I ask gentlemen, continued Mr. G. whether
it h not the case that Mrs. Harrison is well pio-
vidrd for by this estate, worth a hundred thousand
dollars? Í ask gentlemen;/ they can deny ill Mr.
G. then proceeded to ask whether, in ease General
Harrison had no'been elected, his fnund  wouM
have even thought of applying to Congress for his
ejpen-es of postage, &c. Upon lhat principle,
Mr. Van Buren had an equal claim for Ais ex-
penses, incurred dur.ng the election.
In concluding, Mr. G. repealed that the appro-
priation of this twenty-five thousand dollars for a
quarter's salary only, was a violation of the Con-
stitution. If this was to be a specimen of the "re-
trenchment and reform" which the majority had
promised to effect, why the sooner the people un-
derstood it the better. After all their professions,
was (his to b-r the course? was this bill to be Ihc
first step towards tx'iausting the Treasurv, that
there might be a pretext for a national deb 1 It
appeared so; aiid lhat this was the first slop towards
a funded debt anda National Bank.
Would Tyler be consent with ihc salary of Vice
President? Nt: ihey declared him to be President
by "the act of the people, and the voice of God:"
President it jure and defacto, and that he was en-
titled to the salary.
The acting President having en'ered on the du-
ties of the <ffica wiih'n the first quarter of the
yaar, will bo entitled to a year's salary of twenty-
five th-itisand dollar?, and wi'htn the first year ol
thi= rtfi.rming Administration filly thousand doll irs
will he dra,vn from the Treasury lor thi ■ el vices of
a President to administer thj execut.ve departinrin
of the Government. A grand spectacle lhat, for
the plan Republican descendants of Will am
Penn, Benjamín Franklin, G orge Washington,
and Tiiom.is Jefferson! While ihc enslaveo. mil
hou* of other countries, inspired by the expmp'e,
not of uv, but our ancestors, are bins it)K the galling
chains and letter  that have long bound tfvm, and
discarding sinecures and pensions and larg- sala-
ries as ihc car^e and bane of mankind, we are re-
trograiliijg and relapsing mío theconoiuoa we were
in daring our colonial dependence belore the Re-
volution.
Mr. G. observed that before he resumed his
seat, he would say, ihat he owed no thanks to ¡he
majority for the privilege of ?peaking, for they had
done ail they coald to put him down. If they were
not satisfied with what he had said, it was no mat-
ter, (or he held himself responsible only to God
and his constituents.
To the minority who had stood by him on this
occasion, with a devotion worthy of themselves
and their cause, he returned his sincere thank*.
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN,
of south Carolina.
In Senate, Friday, June II, 1841—I'he business be-
fore the Ssnale being ihe motion of Mr. Rives to
refer so much of the President's. Message as re-
lates to our foreign affairs to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs—
Mr. CALHOUN said: I rise with Ihe intention
of stating very brh fly the conclusion to which, my
reflections have brought me on the question be-
fore us.
Permit me, at the outset, to premise that I hearti-
ly approve of the principle so often repeated in
this discussion, that our true policy, in connection
with our foreign relations, is neiiher to do nor to
suffer wrong, not only because the principiéis right
of itself, but because it is, in its application to us,
wis  and politic, as well as right. Peace is pre-
eminently eur policy. Our road to greatness lies
net over the rains of others, but in the quiet and
peaceful development of our immeasurably great
internal resources—in subduing our vast forests,
perfecting the means in internal intercourse through-
out our widely extended country, and in drawing
forth its unbounded agricultural, manufacturing,
mineral, and commercial resources. In this ample
field, all the industry, ingenuity, enterprise, and en-
ergy of our people may find full employment for
centuries to come; and, through its successful culti-
vation, we may hope to rise, not only to a state of
prosperity, but lo that of greatness and influence
over the destiny of the human race, higher than
hat ever been attained by arms by (he most re-
nowned nations of sneient or modern times. War,
so far ftom accelerating, can but retard our march
to greatness It v-, then, not only our duty, but
oar policy, lo avoid it, as long as it can be, with
honor and a just regaid to our right; and, as one of
the most certain means of avoiding war, we ought
to observe strict justice in our intercourse with
others. But that is not of itself sufficient. We
must exact justice as well as render justice, and
be prepared to do so; for where is there an exam-
ple to be found of either individual or nation,
that has preserved peace by yielding to unjust de-
mands?
It is in ihe spirit of these remarks tbat I have
investigated the subject before us, without the
süüh'est party feelings, but with an anxious desire
not to embarrass exiftina; negoiiations between the
two Government?, or influence in any degree pend-
ing judicial proceedings. My sole object is to as-
ceri?in whether the principle already slated, and
which all acknowledge to be fundamental in our
foreign policy, has in (act been respected in the pre-
sent case. I regret to state that the result of my in-
vestigation is a conviclion lhat it has not. I have
been forced lo ihe conclusion that the Secretary of
S'ate has not met the peremptory demand of the
British Government for the immediate release of
McLeod a« he ought; the reasons for which,
without farther remaik, I will now proceed to
state.
That demand, as stated in the letter, rests on the
allegid facts, ¡hat the transaction for which Mc-
Leod was arres ed, is a public one; lhat it was un-
deriaken by ihe Older of the colonial authorities,
who were invested with unlimited power to defend
the colony, ai.d that the Government at home has
¡■auctioned both (lis order and ils execution. On
this allegation, tie British Minister, acting directly
under the orders of his Government, demanded his
immediate release, on the bread ground that he, as
well as otheis engaged with him, was "performing
an act ot public duty, for which he cannot be
;£ade personally and individually responsible to the
ia vs Htid tribunals of any foreign country;" thus
assuming as a universal principle of international
law, lhat where a Government authorizes or ap-
proves of an act of an individual.it makes it the
act of the Government, and thereby exempts the
individual from all responsibility to the injured
country. To this demand, resting on this broad
and universal principle, our Secretary of State as-
sented; and, in confotmity, gave the instruction to
the Attorney General, which is attached to the cor-
respondence, and we have thus presentid for our
consideration the grave question, do the laws of
nations recognise any such piinciple?
