June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cosa...-1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr, Clifford.
,m
H. of Reps.
committee to repouabill increasing ihe  duuts on
importe?
The distribution cf the publiclands, now n em-
bryo as a majority measure, ca Is upon us to in-
quire into th-" condition of our revenue.
To distribute the public lands, or to distribute
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, will
d stroy oue source of revenue, and will dimmish
ihe recap's oí Givernment three or four millions
of dollars every year.
It is admitted by ail that the present revenue is
barely sufficient to meet the expanses of Govern-
meni; that there can be no part of the revenue
spared.
Indeed the friends of the present Administration
say all cur revenue is not sufficient to pay ihe jast
debts of Government, and meet the expenses
thereof. It does not mttur which of these por-
tion* are correct; whether ihe revenue is barely
sufficient to meet the wanls of Governmet t, or
woe her the revenue is cn'irely too small: m e'lher
case we cannot soare three or four millions of dol-
lars, to be taken from the recipls, uitnout in-
creasing come other source of revenue to an equal
or grea'er amount. However just and procer and
rishttne d'stnouurn oí the public land'may If,
however convenient such a measure would be to
some of the S'ates, he s id, he could not consent
even to consider the question, until  ome othei
source ot revenue he provided to supply its place.
Mr F said the assumption of theS aiedebis, i r,
in other word", making a sacred ack/iaiokdgne'H of
all puihe engagements, appealed to be another hubby
foi some ufthe friends o; the present Administra-
tion going hand in hand wi a the distribution of
the public lands.
If it be the intent on of the p>es":it Administra-
tion to adopt this pobcy, by which this Gooermii-nt
will assume debt , ainojnung to two i r three hun-
dred millions ot del'ars, the sooner t. e IííIjw it and
make atring'ments for it the bn'er.
Ml PROFFlT Cillca ihe gentleman to order.
His point was this: that it was not in order to dis-
cuss what was not even recommended in the mes
«age, or any other question involving an assump-
tion of two or ihree hundred millions of debt by the
General Government. No one had heard of such
a thing. Then, again, the gentleman was di«cu—
Miig the subject of the public lands, a question
which was not even before ihe House; and he (Mr.
P ) would suggest, in all kindness to the gentleman,
that when the repo t of a committee came tip on
the subject of disturbing the compromise act, be
would have time enough to discus it.
Mr. FORNANCE thanked the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Pru-ffit] for his kindness, and said he
would reciprocate it whenever an opportunity pre-
sented itself. All that he (Mr. F ) wished at pre-
sent, was to show why the tariff should be now
considered; and why the committee should be in-
structed by tot  House.
He said he only desired to sta e a few plain rea-
sons, and that he would not occupy much of the
time of toe House.
He was about to say, that if it b- the pohc, of
this Administration to assume pubiio engagements
amounting to at least t*o hundred mil'ions 01 dol-
lar?; if it be the mtent.on of th s Admn suation,
at one blow, to sn,k this country two hundred or two
hundred and fifty millions o' dollars in deb1, besides
providing for the ordinary expenses of Govt m-
ment, it is time for us to be prtpa.i>g im the
change. With the revenue of Govcrnmen' de-
prived of the reco.pis from public UncK, wiln no
souice of revenue left, but that derived from t o Les
upon ímporrs, and tho^e duties on the decline: J>iih
a debt ot two hundred and fifty md'ion- on our
back (the very interest on which will amount 10
mce than the duties on imports ) besides the ex-
penses of Government, would be no very pi spe-
rous condition for this country to be ¡.hied
m. To meet all these expenses, all these as-
sumptions and saend ack lowledjments we will
require a large revenue from ltupor's akne.
It may be said by the gentleman from lodnna
and others, that it will be time enough to provide
the means of paying after those debts are assumed.
But this, Mr. F. said, he was opposed to. He was
opposed to first begging a debt, and then begging a
tariff because we have a debt. Ii ,t be the inten-
tion of ihe party in power to assume ih se debts,
they bi o'¡ d b lorenand provide ihe raea:,s of pay-
ing. This he waj desirous they should do. Pio-
viae, fi.st, a sourreof levenue, before they attempt
their sacred ack .onledgments, or make any
further effort to distribute the public lands, it
was for tiese reasons, in part, he submitted the
consideration of ihe tariff «o early to this House;
because the Tivements oí fhs party m power
mike it necessary to mqj're into ihe propri ty of
increasing t'-e tariff. Mr. F. said there was
one otner reason fir asking the instructions he
proposed, that should not be passed over, it w s
a pirt of the petm n he hed pres-en'ed. It was
feihapsof more impor ante than all iheotheis.
It was the probability that this Admuustiation
would establish a NaPo"al B.nk This Mr. F.
said was an important measure, a measure that
the people of the ¡North cool 1 not sudar to pass
without their notice, a me'sure which toe manu-
ficturer, th; mechanic, Lie Urmer of the N nib,
fie hoped w nld all soon view m the proper h^ht
The SPEAKER Tne question of a Bank can-
not bo discussed on a question o! rt'eiencc.
Mi. FORNANCE. The petit.omrs say tint if
a Rational B-oik oe est,l>Vhed, they claim a p o
tecti e tariff
The SPEAKER taid that be eo'ild not sP . the
relevancy of the geufemanN irmarl   .
Mi FORNANCE did .ie tnoujin r.e (ou'd dt-
m< nútrale their relev ncy
It had been sa ci upon the fhier of this llou •■,
by friends of the prc«cnt Adinimstroiioii too, t'ttl a
National Bank would fill our Treasury wdliout any
additional dutj on ¿tn oi/s.
This, Mr. FoRNAM,ii sj d, w>'-, as he though',
a very sfo'i/a i.nen ii fj\ >r oi the pup i >
oí disntt in" " 2  m up i u st r , ,ji in i,u '1' z.
ato M- mu nti.iriu 5W i, , .i I o wi, .tiso a
s'ro"g i<-a Titihy i'i- t.ojtu sho 1 , d m nd a plo-
tett v„ tar,il.
It appealed thee wei4V*o-ne v,ho thought a
Bank tne enemy of NorJivn iiiJustly. He be-
lieved die time would soon cme when it would be
the opinion oí the who e North. Tne time would
come when every recVw'c, evciv manutacturer,
almost every North rn m'cRst, w uld 'eel that th"
operation of a National Bank would aKvp/s be to
bring European hboi to the door of American ma-
nufactories, into co mpe'ition wnh the labor of the
No. diem State1; and that it i Bank be tslaol.shcd,
their only r fuga, toen on y safety, is urder tbe
proiett.on o a h ' h taut , n< t <? uLiff ior rev nue,
baf a tariff tor pro ec in'— t fio1 b. oiy unll
Mi. Fornance sa í mat he d J lot doubt m th1
lea>t but that a National E nk «ou'd i,'l cur Trei-
sury, without any add'tonal duly upon importó,
and that in this fací was --ho vn t ,•, ■•pimg from
which r.iuci evil to No.ii-nn mdu trry mrst come.
If theic be a Huunai B..nke 'abirhed wnh a
capita'oí either th.riy or oie h'md.rd million , give
it, too, ti.p cred t ar.d the p i r n?ge of G ve n-
ment, attd I will ven'tt 'topi d ct tl.r', '"thi t o
\ea s liom Ihe lira ii is ,n c)'->p"f cp^r'ton,
there vili te a 'urpl-i 'ti"- li v (i i ?■ . i }, t
the p-es iitduiifs. Ih fpn'son ihcCi"reiCj
prudac ü by M't rn n -ii'uti i, < id -.< ¡r<t e- e
Ihe jmpfr'jtiors, th tei,r rtVt">. \ u!d ippdl,
ri e n'yoe , the wants ol GJ/tirir>': nt. Tit  i f it
ot this would b" to fi'1 jut x-j ts wnh trci"n ntr-
c^ardise, to Sll our 1'ieasury wi h the lutes of the
Natío id Bank, 10 pres^ our Noah°ri ai' ri-fat-
tu:e s with fortig' coir.pet u, lo s op c.c y iur-
n¿ce, to stop evei} It o "i ai pmdie noi'h ul ¡he
P< touiac.
He had 1 eard i* said that a 3ink w?<= th  ui> nd
of the S o'h. snd -o, perhaps, 't would c, ifn't
ceek d by coun'cuailip; measur" , Ut'Mp i -
tions upon the manufacturing and fgnca tai 1 ín-
teres is ol the Ni rtfi
A Bank may be the friend cf the Oouf-, b'H it
is equally fair to suppose a tariff mav be the fuen 1
ot tne Korth. An! if a B nkof issues >p 1 dis
counts be established—scii-pre-ervaiion ti e prt-
servatien of our cons itu nts, will compel the mem-
bers from the North to meet ¡such a Bank wnh a
tariff, to j rotee Noithern manufacturers, to pro-
tect our Northum mechanic, to protect the mar 
ble, the iron, the coal interests of the North, to
protect Nonhern labor oí every de'cnpfon.
Mr. Fornance said he felt thafiktul that the
Hou'e had permuted him to stale the reasons why
he asked the committee to be instructed; the sub-
ject wou'd admit, he thought, of tarther discussion;
but as the majority S'emed very sensitive, he
would not for the pieseut say a single word more.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to lay the pe-
tition on the table
Mr. FORNANCE said the sense of the House
might be obtained by that ino'ion, and asked ths
yeas and najs; which were ordeicd, and, being
taken, were as follow--
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, L W. Andrews, Arnold,
Arnnf-ion, Atheiti n, Baker, Banks, Barnard, Bar-
ton, Btrdsbye, Blair, Boyd, Brew-hr, Briggs,
Benson, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burke,
William ButKr, Wai. 0. Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, Calhoun, John
Campbell, Wilha-n B. Campbell, T. J. Camp-
bell, Caiuther , Gary, Childs, Chittenden, John 0.
Cl.-rk, Sialey X Clntke, Clifford, Clinton, Coles,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Pushing, Daniel, Gar-
ren Davis, Woi. C. Davson, John B. Dawson,
Dean, Debrrry, Loan, Ea-tman, J. C, Edwards,
rVssenden, Fillmore, A. L Foster, Thomas F.
Fostet, Gamble, Gates, Gen'ry, Gilmer, Goggin,
Pain k G. Goode, Gord< n, Graham, Greig, Ha-
bei-h.im, Hall, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck,
Iliward, IInhard, Hudson, Hunter, Hunt, O.
Johnson, J, W. Junes, Lane, Lmn, Lowell, A.
McClelUn, McKay, Mallory, A. MaishslI, Tho-
iMi V. Ma',bal1, S. Mpon, John T. Mason,
Maxwell, Medill, Meriwether, Moae, Morgan,
?«oriow, Ni^bet, ü home, Owsley, Pumenter,
Pain , reare Pi p", Pioflit, B Rapda'l, A Ran-
dill, R.iyner, R'ncber, Ri igway, Rig0";, Rodney,
R osp'.e i, Seigeant, &hiw, Sneppetd, S <ide, Smith,"
Sp' <", Stc-Hiii d, S r.ttion, S'Uiit, Sunnner«, Swe-
ney, Tahafeno, Turnev, Van Rensselaer, Warren,
Wel'er, Edw. rd D. Whre, J L Win e, Thomas
W. Williams, L. Wil'iams, C. H. Williams, J.L.
Williams, Wood, Yorke, and J Young—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, S. J. Andrews,
Beeson, Bidlack, Boardman, Bortlen, Bowne, C.
Brown, Burnell, Cooper, Richard D. Davis, Di-
mork, Doig. John Ed iards, Egbert, Everett, Fer-
ns J. G. Floyd, C A. Fioyd, Fornance, Gerry,
Giddir¡ s, Gustme, V/illiam S Hastings-, J Hast-
ings, Henry, Injer oil, Jame, Irvm, Win. W. Ir-
win, Jack, James, K-im, Andrew Kcrnedy, Law-
jence, M^rchand, Mathiot, Mthw, Mattocks,
Ma>nard, Newh.ml, Oliver, Patri''°e, Pendleton,
Piumer, Ram-ey, Randolph, Reding, li'i s-11, Sal-
tonstal1, Saudford,Simonton, Sn}der, R.W Thomp-
soii.Tillmghast, Toland, Tomhn'O ', Trumbull, Un-
derwood, Van Burcn, Wallace, Ward. Watterson,
W^stbrcok, Wituhrop, and A Youn '—GO.
SPEECH OF MR. CLIFFORD,
or mmm:
In Ihe Home of 11 preitntalmei, Jiine 29, 1841—In
Commiitee of tbe Whi'e, oi he bill t> distri-
tut  the proceeds of 'he sa'es ol the pub ie lands,
ard to giant iif-eaipmn ugh';.
Mr. W CostJohws n havui¿ concluded his re-
m'rks in fuvo- cf the bill—
Mr CLiiFORD addressed the commitieeas fol-
1< w •
Mr. Chairman: I desire to «'ibmit s me observa-
iiois upon the d'slnbu icn feature ol the bill under
corsid rumr, sad as I am not a.vare that any ques-
t on is ,i iw ¡ e- ct before the commit ee; to ena-
b'e me 'o go mM ihe men's, without aoy v.olation
0    the rules ol order, I «i 1 move to sirike out the
e.iactiPg c'aiee o> ihe bill. After the question was
s a id by the CuiiR, Mr. C. proreeued.
Sir, I fiiif  ly sens i,lc that th s >s a subject
v.hi'h has-been Lequ nily and ably discussed in
boh Hous,esofCongie'-,mthepubl.ejoumal=,and
in the puniary assei-iblus of "he people, until it is
to a great extent exhausted, and yet u 1 as 'est none
of tne importaree that was ongmaUy attached to
r, i.s friends and its enem es are eqn il'y zealous in
tbur advocacy and opposition, as when the mea-
sure was first introducen. Under the circumstances,
1  cannot promise the committee that I shall be able
to reward them for any attenaon they may thinj|
