June, 184 i.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cir
27TH CotfG^-.lST Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
of 1828 will fee again saddled upon tho ^utui *jt*.
me entreat gentlemen who are opposed iu a nigh
protective tariff to avoid this issue, for if one or the
other must be adopted, do not all perceive that the
people will never submit to a heavy tariff upon
their daily consumption? If the tariff party are
permitted to make this losue, thousands will yield
to the pressure of necessity, for the sake of justice
to themselves and their families, who would other-
wise be opposed to the measure If I felt autho-
rized to do so, (I do not,) I would appeal to South-
ern gentlemen who are opposed to a high tariff, to
meet this entering wedge to a protective tariff at
the threshhold, and save themselves from the con-
sequences that must inevitably follow.
Let this golden moment fleet away, and the Ru-
bicon will be passed, it will be too late. Gentlemen
may not call it a protective tanff, they need not
call it by that name The gentleman from Mary-
land «poke of raising a tariff for revenue How?
By taking from the Treasury unnecessarily this
three millions and a half of dollars, thus creating
an occasion for a tariff, and then calling it a tariff
for revenue Theie is a saying of pretty hi^h au-
thority, that "if wecaanot alter things, by —-
we'll change their namps" la this case the
name only of the thins will be changed, for the
thing itself, after all, will be a protective tariff
After returning his thanks to the committee for
their attenfon, Mr. C. concluded by expressing the
decided opposition of his constituents to a protec-
tive tariff, and bis own opinion in favor of the low-
est rate of duties that was consistent with the most
economical administration of the Government
SPEECH OF MR. McROBERTS,
Or ILLIMHS
In Senate, June 24tt and 25lh 1841 —üpor Mr
Buchanan's re olutioncall ng upon trie President
to furnish the names of the persons removed
from office sin e the 4th of M<-rch last.
Mr McROBERTS «aid I c ncur, Mr P cm
dent, with the honorable Sena'or irom Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Buchanan,] that we should have the n-
formation sought for by this resolution at the p-e-
sent session of Congie«s. I obj ct to any and all
amendments calculated to produce del?y. I be-
lieve the great body of the peopie—at least of those
comprising my constituen s—desire to nave pub-
lished the whole list of reouval. from office, a?
well as appointments made by this Administration,
to enable them to compare the acts of the men and
tye party now m power with their former profes-
sions, to contrast their promises, before the late
election for President, with their conduct after-
wards. For this purpose, sir, I hope the informa-
tion Will not be withheld.
Mr Pre ident, I propose to point this Senate and
the American people to the reckh-s system of po
htical proscription which is now raging throughout
this land. I propose to bn-gbefoie them the so-
lemn pledges made bj the men now in power, that
such removals from office as have recently oc-
curred, were not only no part of their creed, being
totally repudiated by them, but that they we,e m
fact a violation of the Constitution
Sir, it is more than probable that the noise oí
the partisan, yes, the worse t'san Vandal scramble
for the spoils of office, now going on, may render
that party deaf to the voice of warn ng Be it so
But let me tell them that the gieat body of the just
men of this land will hear it. Tfery have not for-
gotten the pledges that were made m every form
that the pen or the tongu* cojld make them, nor
will they forget them The concentrated influence
of the selfish passions—the motives that stmu'ated
the making of pledges wv intended to be le-
deemed, may stifle the voice of truth and reason
lor a time, bat, sir, it will be temporary. Even
the best rf mariners may, in the violence of a
storm, be driven from tneir leckonmg on distant
seas yet the sober sense, and th  spirit of justice oí
our countrym-n like a clear sk> -o the lost and
wandering manner, has neve- fai ed io assist in
bringing up the reckoning, and putting all right
aSSir* this special session, this extraordinary ses-
sion of Congiess m the midst of summer, «as
called, and elections in different States precipitated,
and some of the ^i left disfranchised in the House
of Representatives, (the State which Í have the
honor in part to represent bemz one of them,) to
accomplish deed , and to carry out measures,
which could only be effected by taking the people
by surprise. The leadeis of the party dreaded de
lay, the has'c of desperation seemed to have
seized upon them. To a philosophical observer,
it would appear that to afford time for reflection Io
the people, was most dreadea by the leads of that
party.
Sir, in order to afford some additional pretence
for removals from office, a new system of Exeeu
tive legislation has been adopted. Congress has not
power to abridge the freedom 'if speech or of the
press The Constitution expressly prohibits an
infringement oi the rights of either. But, s range
to tell, the Executive Government has arrogated to
itself the light to legi'late upon this subject. It has
created a list oí political offences, unknown
to the Cons ítution and laws. And the
same power which has created these vague-
ly defined offence*, is at once the accuser,
the judge, and the executioner It does not appear
upon the face of the edict, bow long it is to be m
force, but it is presumed until all the Democrats
shall have been removed from office, and all the
old Federa'i ts substituted in their places.
fhis edict comes forth as an official act, it is
gravely neaded "Department of Slate, March 20,
1841," and referring to the Pre ident, says
lie therefoie directs that informa ion beciven to all officers
and agents m youi Pupaltmem ol th pub ic service that
partisan mtutuuice in pipula. tie tious whether of state
officer* or officers of this G)\ eminent and for whomsoever or
against whomsoevei it may be exercised or the payment of
any contribution or assi anient on «alanés or líi íal c >mpen
bation for paiiv oi election purpo e« will be lcgaidtd by him
9s cause (1 iemo\al
' It is not mten le 1 mat anv officei s'ltil b restraint. 1 in the
ftee anlpiopertxpie i n an 1 muintu i ct ol hisopiri os re
spe tins pubic i en ci } il he mm u crir tt e exei ise to
the fullest degree of the on titnlii al light of •> ullage But
person employed under the Govenment and pa d foi their
seivice*out oí the publK Ireasun are not expected t> take an
active or offiaous part m att mpts to u fiiiei ce tre minds or
voles of others s ich con hid hems deemed inconsistent with
the spirit of th ( onstmitinn and the duties of public agents
aUl!" mdei 1 ant the Pie i lei t Is re^ ived so lai as depends
upon"him tint whit, the e\ i se of leele ,ve fran hise by
I the people shall b ireeli m uniue ii fluent o ol official station
and autfionty opinions  si all a i be free tin org the ofhceisand
agents of the Government
And, to crown all it is declared m ihe ordcthat
it shall have a retroactive operation That its pe
nalties shall be inflicted for any violations that
"may have been permuted to exist "
Now, sir, this edict upon its face, and, at first
reiding, do s not disc ose its r bject.onable features,
nor any one of its real objects It is the pi active
under it'hat has untolded its rue chai acier. Ü3n
any man tell, by reading this order, what is tole-
ratfd, or wha> i' forbidden? Wesic told that
" opinions ■-hall be free among the officers and
agenis of the Government " And again, that "I1
is do mten led that any officer shall be res ran ed
in the free and proper cxpus ion and maintenance
ot hi-- opinion r spectmg pub'ic men or publie mea-
sures," jet m lothei passage it is dec a red thit
they "are no  expected íj take an active or offi-
cious part in attempts to inuuenc them  d-<r votes
of other'" And he penalty of removal from office
is denounced against those sho do nor sq lare their
Uves by thus ed ct Now, s r, what was meant by
the free ¡>nd pioper expression and mamltMnce of
opinions'! Ii a man be allowei to maintain bis
opinions about public nien cr public measures, he
must be allowed to de end his opinions in argu-
ment To "maintain," an opinion imp íes the right
of discussion And jet ¡his Administration has
swept from office every opponent that they c¿D l,y
their hands upon, who ha> bi en known to drcu s
public measures Ag?m, sir what is rreant b3
the " free and proper expre sion of opinion," as
contained in tne Sscretary'i edict' Why, sir,
judging from the prat tice of this Administra-
tion, under this order, there is no such thing
as either "a free" or ' a proper" express), n ofopi
nion about public men or public m asurrs, unless
ihose opinions ait freely expressed in favor of the
Wmg party
Sir, this order, this Executive ukase, I will call
it, was intended for no purpose but f deceive It
leaves every thing to Executive discretion.    Like
all attempts to create political offences, they aie
left undefined, as in most cases such things are un-
definable. It was for that reason that the Consti-
tution declared that Congress should make no law
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.
The "payment of money" for party purposes is
mentioned in the order, and is considered an of-
fence. Well, sir, sappose we so regard it. How
stands the case then? Why, so far from this Ex-
ecutive edict being carried out in good faith, and
made applicable to all, the fact is notorious that
the payment of money for the most corrupt of par-
ty purposes, has been rewarded by appointments
to office by this Administration Let the case of
Bela Badger, and his list of pipe layers and yam
dealers, verity this allegation. The charge has
been proved in his case by the evidence of sworn
witnesses. The edict is, therefore, a one-sided con-
cern If a Democrat contribute money for print-
ing, or any other political purpose, it is fe-
lony, under this Executive order. If a Whig
contribute money for a like purpose, or even for
the most reprehensible purpose in party struggles,
it is a matter of commendation, and is a passport
to favor.
Sir, the issuing and publishing of this Executive
edict, prescribing pretended rules for the govern-
ment of citizens who hold office, presupposes that
the order is to be executed only on those who vio-
late it No one will doubt this. Well, sir, it is
a part of the jurisprudence of all civilized States,
that no man siial be condemned until he is heard
in his defence This is a principle of universal
luusprudencx, anJ held sacred by all nations, and
in the most tyrannical periods oi British history,
the form of it atlea t, has been accorded to the
vilest criminals.
Now, how has this order been executed? Have
parties been notified of charge* against them? No.
Have they been permuted to confront the accuser,
or io produce evidence in their defence? No.
And yet the character, both public and private, of
mtn, has been assailed, and is daily assailed, to
procure the r removal from office under this Exec«t-
tive decree, before an mquism rial star chamber, of
w hom tht chief accuser and judge is one of the
Cabinet 1 might refer to Burchard, Gardner,
Do ig , Lucas, Hac' elton, Foreman, Milbum, and
dozen  of others who have been proscribed without
fault, without a hearing, and in violation of the
vt ry order which the Cabinet rest upon.
In looking ovei the history of oar Government,
it is but natuial to inquire whether there is any
precedent for this extraordinary proceeding 
Sir, tne alien and sedition laws of 1798, under
the eider Adams, like this Executive order, created
political offences    That act provided—
' That if any person shall write, print, utter, or publish,
anyfilse «candalou , and mahciouswritingor writings,against
the Goveri men of the tinned States, or either HouBe of the
<  ongie , f ihe tinted States or the President of the United
State--, with n ent to defame the said Government, or either
House of the ud ( ongress or the President, or to bring them
or either ol them into contempt or disrepute, or to excite
igainst t lerr oi either oi any of them the hatred of the good
i eople t f the ho ted Mates ¡such persons being thereof
t on victe 1 shall be punished bv fine not exceeding two thousand
dollars an I hy imprisonment not exceeding two years "
Sir, this act  was designed to prevent free dis-
< ussion It was a mere cloak for the most nefari-
ous purposes It was to be interpretti by the par-
ty in power It was intended to gag men from
freely canvassing, by speech, or writmg, the ob-
ioxious measures of the Federal party. The free
dom of speech, and of the press, are terrors only io
vice    An   upright Admmis ration   would never
«>ar being brought into contempt. It would need
no legislative props In the graphic language of the
sreat tounder of our political chuich, (Mr Jeffer-
son,) "etror of opinion may be safely tolerated
vhere reamen is left free to combat it."
But, sir, "ais misnamed sedition act of the elder
\ilam« was not only objectionable as a mere
Cioak for oppression. The question was, did the
Constitution of the united States confer on Con-
gress power to make such a law? That was the
question on wmch Jefferson and Madison so tri-
umphantly fought the poh ical battle of the coun-
ny for years, till victory crowned their effof is
Our countrymen rose in the majesty and plemtudt
oí their powei, and put it down, and hurled from.
iheir places ihe public functionaries by whos^ r\
