June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong""1st Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr, McRoberts.
Senate.
the practice of removal «or opinion sake    [Loud cheers }   I 1
do honor Virginia in 'his respect"
Again, in speaking 11 Mr Mndi=o*i, he ->a A—
" I am constrained however i rebumptuous it may be consi
dered to differ in relation to one of his interpretations of that
instrument I refer to the opinion expr ssed by him that the
power of removal from office does exist in the Constitution,
as an independent powei in the hands of the President
He furihe- added—
"I am not now forth? fiist time preaching against the dan
gerofan increase ol Lxecjtive power fir when the subject
wasm discussion b i id Congress in 1835 I expressed there
the same opinions whn.h I have now uttered "
Then from February, 1835, until October, 1840,
according to Mr Webster, and he is the great ora-
cle of his party upon constita tonal 'aw, tre e i
no power in tiff Constitution to tuuVrize he Pre-
sident alone to remove fnm offi e Ha< t'eC u-
stih ti n of trie United States be°n , 1 er d or
changed sin«e ihi> time'! How is it that this de
nounced, repudiated, and rtj°eted power—h?
power of removal from office —should have spnirg
into newness of hie, sbja '«arree ion from the
dead, on the 4th ot March, 1841?
Sir, with all these arguments arid solemn dec! -
rations of toe nwS crctary of Sta e, a a ns> the
constitutor ?1 power of tre Pies dent to remove
from nñe; e rirw leads an Admimstsatinn that
hasbe n,c nee tre fourth of March, pro criowg
men, and removing from office, on the groun 1 < f
politic*' opinion, in a manner, and <*ith an auda-
city and recklessness never witnessed in any civil-
ized country.
What must the noble Virginians who tesponded
in shouts of applause, to his denial of this power
of removal in the President, m his speech at Rich-
mond i    October last, what must they now think
of the man and his pledg°s?
The audience   was a magnificent one  of both
s°X"s, and all joined in thi- pppUuse at the denunci
attons of ihe Goctnne <f removal    The lad es seem
to have espec al y in" i<"ted tat learned sp°«we) t p.
on that oecas on.   Well,  sr   v*h>t   nust be tae
felings of a'I parties and esD'ciallv tne ladte , wio
having i o guile m the r ow  b i om>, diJ not su-,
pert   others,   and   relied   upon professioti , wiat
mast have been the r lee m-s when, m a tew «hoi'
months af er this   anti-removal speech, and when
the sound  of his public pledges had scarcely ceas-
ed to reverberate fr mi the wall  of the S ate Hou*e
at Richmond, m   three wok   f proser p ion coin
menced,   and  he   pos mist r at t e r  o   n lo/ely
Ctty was numbered anont,  the sape    d*d     Will
tae ladle  ever aoplaud   an   hei   Wmg   r^tor, or
beliete any   m re  Whg  p om  e '     They-  will
doubtless be a h  !e shy  i or th3 futu e,  and   e p*.
cially as it   & o id 11 j nevtr f r e. or  "urgtva a
breach of piomtsc m any wa   white.er
Tne next member cf the Cabinet, -whose remaiks
I propo«e t bmg bef re trr Señale s tne Hon.
Thomas ¿swing tie Senettry of the Treaswy
On ihe 31s o J iiuatv, 1832, it appears oy the
journal ot the S=na e, page 108, that he ofíered the
fol own: reso'u ions
Res teed That the practice ot rernov ng iflceis b> the Pre
sldencfora yoherpuipio han t at of ec mo alaihlulet
ecutionoi tne lias is host le to th sp nt of he Cons ttttm
was never co i em¡ a "d yitsfraneis h an px en nil of v
ecutive influence is preiut icial t > thi. pu lie service, and dan
eeroustothehbeit es   f the | eople
Resolved T i tt. it is inexpedient f r the Senate to advise and
consent to t^edppoin me it ol any | erbon t> fill a supposed va
caney ill an v o ill e occasioned by he re nóvalo a pr r me i n
bent, unless s o p lor incumbent shall appear to have been re
moved for suthcient ciu^e "
The honorable Srcret?r_, , you receive, occupies
no half-w y h^e boot '«novas for p ttral
opta on, r tor any th ng but to in ure "a taith/i 1
execut on of n* la-vs " He affirms that such re-
mo va's are hoit'le to the spirit of the Constitution
Tn 1835, m a di cuss on in this Sena c, Mr
Ewms, then a men ber, said
'He (Mr Ewl )?) co sidered this bill of gt eat political m
portance especially that secti n which h nits I e |)wn of the
Executive in removals from ofiire and lequnrghm to give
account of hit. acts   and the reasons foi those acts to  this
8 If the Pie* dent have by the Constitution the power of rp
movalfroni ffice with tit the concunence of the >enate then
lsthe se oi dsect on of thi  bill a vto ation of the C nstituu n
Ifhe have n t til t u h b> the Cons l uti n we have the pott
er to pass this till i id the ' uohr good lequnes that we «hould
exercise it   1 will conrme myself to the discuss on of the cons 
'"'The fir t i reposition which I sha I attempt to establ -h is
tha theCorstitution loes not vest in the Presiden aloie the
power of permanen ly removing any officer, who is appointed
by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Se
nate
" 'The executive power shall he ve ted in a President of the
United States ' lake this express on in Us general terms as
here used-tie moot general popule—unrestrained by any
prior or subsequent clause dues l' ecessaul} involve in itself
the pov\er of appointment to oí re i oval horn ofh e?
r i myself I think tha so far from tino bel iCT a demonstra
ble fact, theevid nee ex ernal and internal that the very re
verse was true, is as strong as it is possible to adduce a negative
proposition
The appointing power, then b°Hig expressly vested, else
where than m the President would it not fol ow that the reroov
ing power which seems in its nature to at ach itself to and
form a branch of it the appointing power should pass with it
to the sirre depaitment of the Cover ment?
Would i be c rsistcntwith a G vernment of laws, or m
deed with any o h^r hut that of a despotic r >wer to place the
lolivilual olli bis of tl e Govern n o corple ly in the
binds of the Pxer it ve ll it ihev wo ild be or cease 11 be at
his meic vohti n vithtut that will being reduced to atefinite
or tangióle expu ssinl
It ap¡ em to me clear Mr Pieatlpn thi the Cons lti ion
does not confei on the Pre i lert a! ne the powr of removal'
Sir, he wis si eanest in his opposition to the con-
stitutional power of removal by tne Pre .den , that
in the course f th" d ^cjssion to which I have al-
luded, he boas ^d that the first mea tire ne t ro-
duc d i"lo Congres was his lamo^ resolutions
deny rig the ri^h  oí removal
If it nere a vio a on of the Corisatiition in 1832
?nd 1835 to ¡c nove men from office, and especial-
ly onrioUtieal ^rounds, hov does n haopen, let ma
agai i a^k that it became constitutional to do so
on and s nee tn' 4th o' Much, 1841? Ho.v has
tae Srceury ot the Trea if/, snee ne has been
at he haad o'" thatD^pirtment, f und constitutional
power to carrj on a s-y^tem of prt scrip ion and re-
movals, e< iidiii  fiom promi.cnt o/fi ers in the
Tre3 ury De, artmcit aoxa to an kumble light-
house keeper?
The next mfnorr of the Cabinet, woe ha*  0'n-
muted inmselt, upon comlilu tonal grounds, aga Dst
removals is the Hon   Jihn Bell  isecrttary at War
In Ami   1840, h? is rcott d to have used the
fo 1  jfir g 1      l  , °    i     a, aebi     n the House of
¿epypop     A ,   tV
A t then is in ot ai io w r 1 the P est lent to remove a |
subordinate officei f> a 1 ifeier ee of po i ica) opmi n I will
ssy no more th n sim Ivii a k ge lemen to le in d^ain to
hitclavveoj the Co i^litutwn which | rovi le^ that all (lvil
officers may bD remove r im office upon conviction lor trea
s->i fj ny an I other i^hctimesar n t'demeaoor -and af
let tie> laved ne o o¡ } til"1 o ¡estion o themselves whether
anv thin^ nle n p u| Tie! dh u 1 an 1 evtn rtliculotis
than this piovts ol h* í i n i! 1 "°re idet was by
I the same mstiun ve tJvvtli lp^ ei by I s eau h
rily noto ly t   r   nove  f i*      ^s         f     ív     a   1 o I er high
crunesa dtnl&uemeano      (tu   i noua      a olí wi rou a y
|   default whatsoever n t e t ffi er     The      pc   ot   his c ause in
the Cons lttili   i  vas undoubted y, to thefir    i    re      \x vide
for the removal of pi hhc   fficers  vvti     lal  (I   q ¡a  bed them
'   s   v sfoithep   ihe se vtceov fhetr crimes  or   the abuse or
gossn      ct   ftteirttuts and secón hy   o thi rw art und the
ivll offi ei tn   sa   e p     e    on aiNeuu iv  in  he enjoyment
1   o th ir r ^ t   ptiv ilexes ao 1 emolumei t   but  above ail t eir
<*o    tune   \s i st    I vt      ¡ct    til   rl- rtry invisionsorre
s n ttons tbattl e í        tu   on  and   tvsbo     c f the fa a e and
Fedetal Govern nen s   a e so   are j       rialrtnr and j   otect
in the private citizen Ihe «emus iij ,, i t it on whole
scheme an 1 system oí civil liba y art d ectlv ppo^edto the
discrottooaryan 1 arbt ra \ control which the President claims
and exercistsover the public ofheers '
Here, again, s r, the coi s mi onp power of re
mova, i denied m lie bo des Ierra  The
Iear edSff "tar of War has b <*nded h^ power
of iemnv 1 o tt e is o tn f t d«, e th r 'or ' a
d fe enee o i oh ca o ínon,' o ' jor p reason
„t all," (l w1 " t th te is" ¿ctat U in hetfn-
cer, ' a   ' supremely absmi "
Ntyra r", a cenoj celsi^h n , nv h as t)
rarnicPl end "oi r1! vi tot ot tr^rslitsot
tne ci i7ei la a tt it h c nsi t oral ob-
jection, h  d il<-it 1 ha beg «iu-, 'ii pint of
our whole system of c vil 1 tj°a\ «ei d>eUl)tp-
p ised to th s aibi "í p -t But tit le are now
changed Feüeralis t m hr « cetden Wide
spread p't -cr pun n d rect m la ion oí the r le"
ftruie 1} pin. ai fed s novv ieepjogth coantry
from Maine to Uii^am
S r, I -hould 1 ;e t ¿bow how man/ ' t,uprem 
absoiditi-i, " aco'd n^ to his o n doct'ine1-, he
and h s asso a s « ihe ipinet liavp " mmte'
s i.ee'he 4hof Mar«n, 1S41' I sluula lüíe lo
know to v n any "tvrainta ^n" arbitrary inva-
sions" he and his associates ar° perpotra'mg everj
daj of tntir consisten nye* u on the "i ghts Oi ihe
c tiz n?'
So mucn, Mr President, fnr thf meri'-ers of the
Cabinet L'. us cow look to tn.t h^ir lead ng
fuen's ha«e sa d upon the sa-r-f ^ti-ijeet The
first to whose remarks 1 wiU call the attention of
the Senate, is the Senator from KentacSy; [Mr.
Clay]
On ihe 10th of ¡March, 1834, he offered the fol-
Iowids  arrime other resolutions
"1 Resolved Th-it the Constitution of the ün!t«d States
does not vest in the President power to remove at Jas pleasure
c fficers und°r th  Government of the United SUiti , whose
offices have been established by law "
In the ad ire b of the Senator with wfaicb be ac-
cempsn ed the resolutions he [Mr. Clay] said:
1 The first lesoltmon asserted that the President, by lb£*€ta8
stitution, is not invested with the power of removal from office
at his pleasure
'These resolutions comprehended grave questions of the
highest inr-ortince, and which he (Mr CiAY) verily believed
inv vlved the just equilibrium between the Federal branches of
the Government, and the purity if not the actual existence of
the Government The three first proceeded upon th  assump
tion that the President is not clothed by the Constitution with
tha power of removal from office
'   le had examined the Constitution with the utmost care and
attention >f which he was capable,  and he felt firmly con
vmced that it did not grant any such power to the President"
In February, 1835, in a debate upon the power
of removal the Senator [Mr Clay] said:
He he ppd the Senator would come out on this question, and
let it be seen if there was any one on this floor who would riw
and assert that the President had the power, without any ground
of c instituti nal implication to remove from office, that the
stream could ex et without the spring If the President had
such power then the Constitution is not worth a sous "
Such, sir, appears to be the recorded declarations
of the Senator from Kentucky against the power
of removal
[i-Iere Mr Clay rose and said, if the Senator
frtm Illinois would permit, he wished to say a
word upon the subject before the Senate.]
Mr McRobehts The Senator from Kentucky
is welcome 11 the floor for that purpose.
[\lr Clay. I wish to say that I have not
changed my oomion since I offered the resolutions,
or made the remarks, which have been read ty the
Sena or from Illinois ]
Mr McRoberts. I am aware that the Senator had
professed not to have changed his opinion as late as
last summer In a speech which he made in Virgi-
nia urging th  support of the Whig candidates, he,
as usual, de íounced the power of removal Mem-
bers of the Cabinet did ihs same thing, about the
«ame penoJ, and no one has heard that they have
cha"ged their opinions -ibout removals I am not
objecting to the opinion of the Cabinet, or the
Sens tor My objections are to the daily violations
of these o u nons by removals I object to the
íecUle-ís pr s nptions wmch have taken place and
are still go n- on, when the Cabinet, and the Sena-
'o', and t! -> whole piny, had declared against
suciac ii'<co   policy.
it wii! li- pe-ceived, and let it be remembered,
that all he p fsons who«e opinions have been ad-
verted to, tpposed removals en constitutional grounds
They denitd the power in ¿oto, as existing under the
Conitnutio , A few other* seem to have placed
their objec' ons to it upon the ground that it was
unjust, anu-repubhean, and inexpedient.
In a debate in this Senate, sometime last spring,
and "tute ih? result of the election for Presidsnt
?>-d Vice Prudent, was known, the Senator from
South Ca hna [Mr Preston] used this language.
' I shall re= t and denounce all giving of office as a political
reward or tun net out of office for mere political opinion " "
Did not the diatmgjished person who is to be advanced to the
head of the G iveinmert expre^slj take ground against such a
se timent 11 a bill he introduced into Congreso D) not ¿is
sentí euts s ai 1 recorded against lti We practise on a prmel
pie ike ha'i No sir no, thissystemof proscription is itself
to be probctuel I stand n that ground, and, so help me God,
Í wi I so 1 i as I am concerned act upon it I believe those
wh o arc to be t the head of the Government have put them
selve upon the sarre gtound They come into power not to
tvide the sp nls of the country among the members of a fac
ti p                      *       The \dmims ration coming into power
'eject md re u hate the infamous maxim that to the victors
telone the sp i s    The s oils?—what spoils?   The spoils of
ourc rimon  ountiy1   The spoils of our brethren and fellow
c  tzens?   Is tu   country a vanquished country?   God forbid'
I should as soon thtni of making spoiloutof the possessions of
my  own fmnlv        *       *      "      I hold it tabea.  Whig
\   doctrine ihe lint ine on which General Harrison, as Prett
'   dent of the ( mted States means to stand, that for mere po
'  utical opinion no man is be proscribed"
How have these predictions been fulfilled? The
Senator seemed to be'ieve that proscription was to
be proscribed, that no man would be removed for
political opinion, and no ose appointed to office
as a political reward That the maxim "to th*
victors belonged the spoils" would be rejected and
repudiated by the new Administration as absolute-
ly infamous Now, sir, to contrast the op'wois
expressed by the eloquent Senator, of what w«s i©
