June, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cow-..1st S
103
ass
Public Laruk—Mr. Kennedy,
Cries ot «Ordsr—Order "
Well, Mr. Chapman, I will goon, or rather
back, to this "reforming" Administration. I want
to bring to the no ice of tni* co nmittee, and the
country, a very grave matte of "reform" that the
Secretary of the Navy is now engaged in—4 re-
form that I am plea el with—'hat I sanction with
all my heart I w uld .ay to him "go ahead,"
you're certainly rv'.t. Rere it is in a circular
letter which h" recently i«sued.
"The hair of all per  mi i.i the Navy is to be kept short, no
part of the bean! to tx. w >in long except (he whiskers, which
shall not ('ef- 'en Imore thin onemch below the tip oi ihe ear.
and tKn m a Une toward tne mouth "
Do jot suppose, si , t>id i fh s is not a genuine,
bo ia fide let cr. it assured'/ issued from the Na-
vy Department It is a si.) t of pioclamation to all
the soap loci's an t turners (as my it lend from Mis-
souri [Governor Miller] is in trie habit of calling
the mu tached dandle-,) and the whole whiskere 1
tribe' No man in the navy en be allowed to
wear long hnr, mustachoes, or whi-kers, longer
than an inch, and tney must commercií about the
tip o ihe ear, ant1 tun m a straight direction to-
wards t *e incut h" What a barefaced Administra-
tion1 The i f xi move, 1 presume, wi1! be to shear
the members of i%is bodf. i congratúlale myself
•bat my facéis smooth, and therefore will not heve
to undergo tne op^atton. Bat, 0h' ye long haired
gentry, beware' th  new Secretary o* the Navy is
death ana destruction upon whiskers Proclaim it
every where, and come not wuhm ms reach.
Mr. Chd>rvnin, I d'sre to speak some plan
things in refereice to toe Cabinet. I wish to talk
about the Postnatter Get em, [Mr Granger,]
who, I am cred bly informed, is turnm  out of
office more than ,> hundred Democratic postmasters
per week, and put'ing m their pbees, m many in-
stance% rat k Aboliti n.s's. [Cues of "o'der, or-
der, order "] I wis" *o «<y a few things aoout ih«
piespnt SeeiUary t í War, [Vir Bell,] wboch-¡r„eb
in h's report tnat t .e Itid.an cordractoro m the South-
west nave ^e^n guilty of enormous trauds, w th-
out soecityins; nan e , ihe"eby throwing fen n.e
upon all I nnaers'atid °ome of these contactors
have gune to Mr. B"U, ami said to him: ''Do you
mean me, sit'" ''0 no, not at all," "Do you
mean tre, su?"   ' Ce'tamly . oí."
Here Mr. W. wss again call d to order
I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, tnat I cannot keep
apon the 'rack. As the laiunty m tips Hols-
have adop ed a resolution—a gag rule—that no
member lhaii speak longer than one hour, I think
I should be permuted to speak that hour without
interruption. If I cannot, however, 1 suppose I
must submit.
I return to the report o" the Secretary of the
Treasury. And here I must be permitted to say,
that it >s one of the foule-t documents that ever
emanated from that Department. It is filled v?nh
mifreprc-en'auL'no f<om t e tirst page to the last
paragraph. It is a labored efiVt on the part of tne
Secretary and Uk present Cabinet, lo throur the
odium of th.s extra ses.io i of Cona'ess upon the
¡asi Administran n. Why, sir, the) hav? the reef-
less impudence to as-; for n-nv c pprop™ation ,
amounting to near tnree millions ot dollar-; and
then turn n-;bt round, m 'he face of an intelligent
peop'e, and call it a d- b* wh.ee thf  bave inherited
from that Admirm rs'tt n' Fh tr.tt i is, at the end
of th'S year, wi a P oper e"<  omv—that economy
wh ch they pro rise«", ana i'e coun ¡y experts-
there wi'l not be a deben o one ten But if they
go on as they hive ot-n do.nv,, a king for' mote
mooey," "more bit;," there s no t ILng where
the thing may icm na e, an i the pabi'c debt mi y
be dity million-! ,> sfad ot S'X1 Last session the
gennenian foil New Yord [Mr. Barnard] 'a
bored to sho v that there was- a public deb' hang ng
over i s ot forty millions' 0 h r gentlemen con-
tended that there weie en, fifteeu, tw -nty, or twen-
tv-fi.e millions They preatlj oiffered anion*
themselves as O the amount. Now the S.crcary
of tbeTreasur> com s foi ward, and with ah his
missUtem (its, cm.-t make it out, but a little
over three m Uio-.s, exc jomg the ne.v appiopna-
tiom. that are asked for'             ...... u
Here Mr. Barnard arose, and denied that he
ever said the publ.c debt was foity millions.
Mr  W.  proceeded,    I read   the gentleman's
H. of Reps.
speech caiefu iy, and I cannot be mistaken He
even set do*n the fourth instalment under the de-
posite act as a part of the public debt.
Mr. Barkaad I did no such thing, and if the
gentleman read my speech, he knows he is misre-
presenting me
Mr W. I did read the gentleman's speech, but
it was a tough pill, it made t'ie cald sweat pour
off of me; and if I can get forgiveness for reading
it, I pledge my<elf never to botler my brain with
any more of the gentleman'  erratic effusions
Mi. Chairman: I regiet that I am not permitted
to discuss many rmtteis connected with this Admi-
nistration. I would like to contrast thar promises
and professions before coming into power, with
their practices ^nce. But this Ian told will not
be m order, and therefore I resume my seat.
Extract from Mr. Barnard's speech on the Treasury
Mote bill, Jmmry 18th,  1841—a'luded te w the
above remarks:
Mr Chairman, I have one statement mote to piesent, and
then I shall have i one with mv notict of tne rem-ukable posi
tion that this Government has '¡e it veil it elf cmnely fiom
dt ht " Mv cbiect m this statement is to nnke as netr an ap
pioach as I cm to the sum of ill tin buidens ant) charges
whlth will, ormay pttbably, fill on the Treasury in the four
yeais of the in eoiuin" Administration ovei an 1 above all oull
naiy and current expenditmcs The it ms m i.ns statement
will be sufficiently uniiei-tooii, after the explanations which I
have already ¡oven
HsUnmtp of the prohab'e amount of pubhc tUhf and habili
tics, grou inq out of patt Iransactii hi /o? n Inch the Ad
mimt>lrati n of the next jour   ytais  ntaj  hue to pro
litit—¿eiiig  over   and   abcie   all cuneiit   cij   ¡ilttuifs,
11%
Treasmy notes outstanding, with interest on them
Including Mich as 11 iy be lisued befoic the \\\\ of
Much under the act of 1810                                     $5250000
Old rundid andCeitibcate Debt, (protnulv)                    100,000
JDeljts of the cities m the lh&uiit. of Columbia as
burned by the Govemii out, with mlt icnI                    1 750000
Amoul s iet|uired to be m\e ted Sol Ii buib uid In
dim tubes                                                                    2">s<)000
Punt lpal bums piyabk to Ii h ins t r lo b in tubes     lOIOOnO
Annu tic-, lo ^amt, laoOU OtlO |ti vt rr I  m yt us           >b0OUU0
Amount rapined Lo mike^ood the tktic l m the r\a
vy Pcnoion I und                                                          1200 000
rhaises which will fall on tht Treisuiv in IR41, on
account of ¡ubi ltics incurred undu api lopm
¡lon^ made m IS10 and ficMous year--— the money
having been came 1 but nut c illetl for takinf/llit
excess o! sut b thirsts i\ei wbat wib be c tlgei
ble on the liea^uiy n 1SI~ m tie like tc
count, undei appioinia ionc o! lcll and p < yh us
jeais                                                                            2,000,b00
Claims on account ot loth m alfurs and relstions, &i
allowed orto b alio^t! in tht Uepaitmcut-j t>c by
accounting  fficeis                                                       2 000,000
Claim giowiiu out of Florida war, &r presented to
Confess                                                                       3 000 MO
Die  or account of Tiust Funds («thu thin In
t'„n)              -                                                                500 000
Fourth Instalment undei the deposite act of 1836          9,000,000
Claims on account of French bpohatit us on com
meice                                                                           5,000,000
Ti winch is tc he added i sum necessary to piovide
a suitable aver ge balance in the Treasury                 "i 000 000
Maknu in all
«40 ^80 000
SPEECH OF MR. KENNEDY,
Or IIS DIANA
In the Home of Kepiesentatives, June 30, 1841—In
Committee ot ihe Whole i n the slate of the
Union, on we bi'l ror the diitribtuion of tne pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lanas.
Mr. KENNEDY rose and said:
I use. Mi Chairman, for the purpose giving a
fev of my r.ason   why I cannot supporo this bid.
it is not my intention u make wh .t 1, called
bete a set spet-cn; il such hatltetnnty íiitention
at ¡?y tlBif1 in the course of u, s d"bne, it ^'ould
ce out of my puwer to dc so now, uaving risen
upon the s,ur ot the mument; and, cjn<equently,
bnag entirely *nta ut no es 01 s aub e.A informa-
lion up in tht  important subject
My mtertion, Mr Chairman, is simply to give
a iet/ol toe reasons why I cannot sutport this
bill, in any shape %;hich 1. maj \ssune, •svhilst it
«.ouiams me du tibutRti pr n-iple Ttineaplaui-
'ion ot the rta^ois oí my vo'e s the mo e nece'-
ary, oecuse, ,n ail probability í sha 1 «tar>d alone
n ill' dfc egatton irotn my Siate up^n th s question
i have .nade no inquiries upon tins tuoject,
and cannot, therefore, speak positively, but,
i.om the politic-il reia lo-i* of my colleagues,
I feel authorized to say thai they will all
give this b U their cheerful support. It was my in-
tention, when I came here this session, not to «yer
into the debates ot the House, or m the Comrmuee
of the Whole, but simply to state, upon the final
passage of those measures which I supposed the
majority of the House were determined to pan ,
and which I could not m conscience support, the
reasons why I could net support them. This, sir,
was the course I had marked out for myself. But
I am admonished, by the course which the majori-
ty upon this floor have hitherto pursued, that if I
expect to even make that simple statement ia rela-
tion to any measuie, it must be done in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, where the previous qusstion
is inoperative, for that gag rule seems to be the lever
by which every thing here is to be moved.
Therefore it is, sir, that I propose now to give a
few leasons why I cannot support the bUl tjsfore
the committee.
There has been much said about the constitution-
ality oí this, measure; and much has b«en said in
relation to the terms and proper interpretations of
the seveial deeds of cession, by which some of the
oldei Slates ceded to the General Government all
their right to portions of our Western domain.
I do not intend to enter into ihe discussion of
these questions. But I will say, that upon this
question, I have some notions which, in all proba-
bility, are peculiar to myselt.
It is pretended by the gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, that these lands, or the proceeds
of their sale, of right belong to the States, and that
the General Government holds them only in trust
tor tne use of the States. And this argument is
mainly based on the alleged fact, that certain of the
States were the original proprietors of these lands,
and that tbey ceded them to the Genorai Govern-
ment for the use and benefit of sach States as had
become, or should become, members of the
Union. And lhat, therefore, the Government was
bound to distribute the nett proceeds thereof to the
separate Stales.
Now, Mr. Chairman, that «orne of the States did
extcute a deed oi ceksiou of those lands to the Ge-
neral Government, (here can be no doubt. Bat
that they had any valid title to them before they
executed the deed of cession, I deny. I would ask,
sir, what is necessary to constitute a valid title to
th,  or any other public domain? It is true that we
hear of the title by conquest, and by discovery, bijt
. eeoidmg to my unsophisticated notions of things,
in order that either of these titles be good, tve must
go ¡ui ther, and reduce the land to possession. For
we are told in ihe books, that a 1 the titles to lands
were originally based upon the right of possession.
Who, at this day, will contend that his Majesty ot
Spain hela a valid title to the North American Con-
tinent, because one of his subjects discovered it?
Or who will contend that the charters granted to
certain companies by the Crown of Eng-
land, for vast tracts of unexplored wilderness on
the North American Continent, give the holders of
those charters any right to such soil,until they had
honest'y bought it of the then occupants, or had,
by other means, reduced the lands into actual pos-
session?
I contend, Mr. Chairman, that kthe aborigines of
this country were the owners of this soil, and that
ail the right which any of these States could have
had to this land, whilst in the possession of the
Indians, was simply the right to purchase them ot
their owner, and consequently that all the right
i?hi ti wy did, or could have transferred by these
deejs of eesbion, was simply the right to purchase
ol me Indian when he chose to sell; or, in the
c,vent that the Indians waged war upon the Go-
vernment, to take possession of such «oil, when ne-
ci ssary to prevent him from doing injury to the
Csovernme it or ib citizens.
Now, if this be the true view of the case, what
light have these States, after the Government has
extinguibued the Indian title, and expended more
money in their purchase and sale to the citizen
than they have reimbursed to the Treasury, what
light, I say, has any one of the Slates to demand
that the proceeds of the sale of the*.e lands shall be
diinded amtvngst the States? I answer, emphatical-
ly none' But, Mr Chairman, although 1 think
that the title which the States surrendered to the
Government, was not a valid title inlaw or equity,
but wasm fact void, yet I am willing to give to one
