106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27thComg.- "Ist Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. McKeon.
H. of Reps.
ed m defraying debts incurred by the State —
making roads and canals—and in education, and
for sach other purposes as the States may d rect.
I cannot conceive a bill more objectionable for ihe
action of a National Legislature litre this.
And before I proceed any further, I wish to say
a word to the gentlemaa from Maryland, who last
addressed the commutes, {Mr. Kennedy ] He
does injustice to the mmonty on this floor, when
he charges us with opposing this bid solely because
it is an Administration measure. As to this mo-
tive ot opposition, I trust he will not ascribe it to
me. What evidence is piesented to us that this
bill, in all its details, is an Administration me-
sure? I know that the message of the Executive
does appear to favor the distribution of the public
lands; but that recommendation l-s indistinct—is
not explicit. Indeed, the fault ol that document is,
in some particulars, its want of distinct recommen-
dation on many leading po itical top^s. The ob-
ject of the message appears to have been spargers
ambiguas voces. Responsibility is chiefly thrown
on this House; and we must gather from the
movements of the majority of this House, wwatare
the real views of the Executive Administration of
the Gtsiternment.
But, Mr. Chairman, in whatever shape the wishes
of the Administration are made mam est, I c<?n
assure its friends that those measures will
not find in me an indiscriminate opposer. I am dis-
posed to bring to bear, on every proposition, a
candid and ltnpar'ial examination of its meuts.
The present opposition to die Administration is
not disposed to imitate the policy ot ihe Opposi'on
to the past Administration. We believe that we
arebeieas guardians of the honor, the inteuss
the Constitution of the Union, that no leeklesi, no
wanton opposition will evr rally aiound it the
confidence of the country. We are beic as sup-
porters of great punches, and testing the recom-
mendations of the Administration by ihest, v e
will moie cheerfully yield cm supp >ri when i'kv
C ncur with our princip es. But at the same
time, when we believe those principles to bs vio
lated, we should, if we did not warn the country
of its danger, be false to Us prosperity and to its
glory.
Let us examine the recommendation of the pre-
sent Chief Magistrate. He speaks of this land
question, amongst other measures calculated for
the benefit of the country. He fays that, "Among
such, a distribution of the oroceeiK ot in* silts it
the public Unds, provided snch disti ibution does not
force upon Congress the necessi'y of imposing u ¡on
commerce heavkr burdens than th^se cmttmpluttd by
the act of 1833, wouid act as an etiicient remedi-.i
measure by being brought directly m aid ot the
States."
Most assuredly this proviso tells Congress not to
distribute unk*s \ou ate not to shackle comtuesee.
Will any one here deny thai this measure, if
adopted, will cripple commerce'} Before you give
away to iheStalts of the Union thtee or lour mil-
lions, let some questions be answered.
Have you not a propos tion for a Bank of thirty
millions, with a provision tor it? mcreasi to fifty
millions? Is it not proposed to lake for the Go-
vernment a large share of tin- stocks Have we
not a bill on our tab'e  proposing to borrow tweive
millions of dollars for this impoverished nation?
Do not all ihe friends oi the Aduuaisiratiun d -
mand from us means to carry on the Govemimnt
to the extent oi about thirty millions oí dollars at
least? You ate m deb', and yet you propose to
give away your means. Who, of the Adrnim tra
Hon party, is here, that will eay that the Ge ¡era!
Government is not in debí?—that it needs tn< nej?
Nota memoei. It these proceeds ot the lands are
divided, how wii! tie difi'ieney be ra&de opi
There is but one mode by tana'ion—direct i r indi-
rect. In a time of p ace, hke tn>s, you wi!L te
driven to indirect taxation on your impoiiatioas
The chains are first to be thrown on tne eneigies
of commerce. As the friend of the ireedom of
trade, here, on ths very thre.-> old, I denounce this
attempt to sacrifice the commercial interests to
the combined spirit of avarice and exttavagance,
Every dollar taken from eyour Treasury by thu-
bill, must, to that extent check the trad* of the
coun.ry, by placing heavier duties on your
imponed articles. While you p'aee a heavy hand
on commerce, you also oppress agriculture, as
every cheek on the former affects the producing
interests of the eountry. But above all yon add
to the taxes of every human beirg of every su-
tion in lite, from the hiahe^t ro ilr< land to the
humblest. Let the gentleman frorr M^ryUnd who
introduced ibis bill, [Mr Johnsov,] mfoim me
how he will makeup the d'fieifucj produced l'l
the resource  of thecountiy by the i/ithd.aival of
three millions. He may answt-r by a tax on
luxuries. He told us that, protjp'ed by a Demo-
cratic spnit, he would increase the dunes on silbi
and wines. My Democracy promp's me tnk" off
¡axes, not to impo e ¡-ay if ¡hey can be avuded.
Prompteu by a irus Democrat c spiff. 1 trust be
wii not object to an omendmew to this bill reducing
the duty on -sal'. I want him ¡o íive i <e hi-, influ-
ence in behalf of my constituents, to comfort them
in the howhngs of ths wintet'n ni.ht, aad to warm
them io t'se <"h:]h ot the pr '=ss s'orrs-adow ns
to take the du'y off coa'—take eft the fax on \oj'
ccars? blankets    These ¡ue reliefs h" cin g'v<  us.
His col'easue [Mr. Kennedy] proposes to tax
our Itnens worn by the rich. Dj not, tren, I be
seech you, tai the flannel of the poof latiorer. I
stt-nd here as the RepresenHt'Vo, not of your rnh
nabib, roting in luxury, not of your mdlio^aire",
supplicating Congre"< for a mcasuie which will
rai>e the price of ¡3 ate stocks—but I demand th-^e
measures of ic'ief at your hmids in the name o' the
í'-on-'ii'cd, hore-.t-hea'led .vnrkinsrncnr' t r eoun-
try; the n.sn who have pvu-nl lorti eir bio id in
defei ce of mo Yixfl i,"- Í i!ie coon"y, dud <v'i .wnl
not tamely submit 11 it ro lied toi 'he aggra 'dsze-
meiit oi ihe «.ealthy. Di-gmse u as you ma ', this
is ,."11 auvotrrttie measuie. It is the first gieat
measuie of the session wnieh dr.u"o tn* lt"e be-
t ^een thc anstocra'ic and dr moe-a'icpail e-, of t^e
c omití,, it ¡i ihe u'-1 o la'on to tie irra-  d
povi 'o Adof t tl is ■ ill, and vou lai - he pi i-e of
eveiy St!t'j'i>'t< ek in the ma'kesrf th's country
and Europe. Pass yo',r bill, and you ennst *> ia«/
to condemn every Ijbii.rg man m ih° eou'.irv to
hours ot toil to esrn money to pay ijv ,o yiur Si-
vemment; jou plunder the impovi>n<t'>et Tr T-uiy
of million« 'o ml ihe cofi-ii of he'  ilttn; whi'e ]
you opprtis \vi h dp lies t'>e e ¡, the c fT>e, ihe co A t
—in i w u I, he nices'iije- 0( li|o. Let'he die
be cast—le. the victory > e aecoiiphshed—yon 'HÜ
have piost-ated the weak; out amidst their rues of
aüony atid dih.reKs, all will be dnwned amidst í >e
exulung shnvts Irom the meney changers in the'r
lemples in Wall ureet and Th'eadnei ole "-trees.
We have been tol 1 th's is p ¡ne Ten-dial r.iea-
«ute. As a measure of r<"l'sf to the ¡^tat-s of th'-s
Union, n is an open vio'a'i ^a of the <V ds of ces
sion to the G neral Gcvi rn'iisi.t. We have t-^ard
it s'?ted ¡hat the>e 'anris were eel"d 'o 'he "Onion
as trus'ec for ad Oil States—to proyide for [heir
«eneral we'f.re. TheS atts «hien r-iade clA-m to
vast tracts of land on this ccntrent, surrendered
their c'a'ms to iwluc  some of tneir s'ster States
of'he Confederacy, to iorm the p*e rnt Union.
It was a sacnace worthy of the men cf those days.
They preened to secure r'>e b'es-inss of 1 berty
by means of the Union, to ihe po-se-Mtn ofnul-
lurs or acres They made 'his G >, ral G com-
ment the trus ce of & va t ¡.s'A.e Io ¡"ay ihe dehts
of he U'uoti. Tiey i.cer could h?ve fiuniosid
in-• it"y would come lvhen this land finid \v ,a '\
m ilr hands tf their trust, e, be expe ded fop^y
the d-bs or tne individual Stale*, io prop itiOi
vas'l' Tiequai, ard at a nrae w-¡ei'he G n>.ral
Govcrrrcnt "sould be strusglin^ nt a financial
embarra^ me t-.. These lands were ceded to us
as a nica'is to prow's reverue tor the S a es ¡n
their r.ggreca'e tapa-ity—to obtain ei^dit up n for
th-support if oJr G'vernmeat, and pavm^nt of
our Rivolutjopioy d bt. I jou «cit'er by your
extra , ganee p* unr'snhited seueri^iiy th s n<ng-
mficeii doceatn, you ' ill at once durinish your
means o' obtaining «rHit fnmPiiii. m«. Wi h
our millions of acres, ai any moment of dilV.uln
vi" can ob'am rcDney W< have «eennty 'o offf'r
< ap'tahsts. Let aendemen rerce>xiber .hat there is
nothing very magical ¡n credit; ¡hit frequently and
suddenly it takes wings and flies.   lis first element
is ubihty to repay tne amount boi towed. You
have seen ihe results of the la-t four years. The
credit of individuals of extensive means—of cor-
poration's with va.t powers and capital—has been
blas'ed, and now the credit of the sovereign States
sinks daily in tne money maiket. Who could
Ivive believed, some few years since, the day
would erne when the stacks cf Stales of this
Union would be selheg tor one hflf of the value
at which ¡hey wrre issued?—that sovereign States
would be ur.able t> pay the interest on their
debts? Yet thai result is now before us. It is
the natural cons quetice o! that policy which threw
the re«ponsibiliiy uf payment of two hundred mil-
lions ot Sta'e debu on the future, a policy which
looked too little io our present means and demand ,
and trusted too much to the future. Vye have not
onlv sreu ihe want of ability of the States to pay
their bonds—aye even interest on these bonds;
but we have ths declaration made on tue part oí
some of tne counties of one of the States, that its
nibabitan's will not contrtbu'e taxes to pay these
bond*. Is not the quest on of repudiation in an-
other State openly discussed? Lavuh your means
on States—conittbuie your credit to coipcrafons,
in the sauie mannei the.se S^t'es have, ¿nd who
null rise here and say that the Mine may dm come
when the boiv's oí this Union may also not fall
m your stock market, and questions of repuc íauon
bestaited on this flooi? Y> u may insist on taxa-
tion to meet 1 amines, but ¡here are fi niti beyond
which you csnnot foiceeven taxa'.on—neither m-
di-ect nor diieoi.
1 have hta>d the aigument us d here that this
measure is reui"red by public sentiment; that it
h^s been recommended by Gen. Jackbon, Mr.
D cxersoJ of Nevv Jersey, ,„nd by the L°gislatmes
of several States { am well aware o£ ihe recom-
mendat'ons lefeired to hy th° friends of this mea-
sure, I woulu explain, if time would permit, the
difficulties wh ch at least one oi these distinguished
m. a propose," to remedy befoie he could sanction
th's measure, b'it it is bitlficerit to say that the
cueumstences ti thos" days w re very different
lio 'i ths present. 1 ,sn v,eil understand how the
e"i noiü Scn-U'irfrcm Ne  Jeisey—how President
J cis >n, m'a..t have been willing to divide when
.he Trtasuiy was overflowing, or likely to over-
flow, and ye!, if they were now called on to act,
wouid refuse to divide when they knew the Trea-
sury was empty. I h?je r.o doubt they wou'd
now raise the.r voice* against thu meacme, even
for this simple but yei mesi powerful reason of a
deficiency of íevenup.
Wehaveheatd tr.e cry of agrarianism laised
througnout the land. Is not this practicaMy an
agtanan law—sn agracan law m its most odious
features, without even tne ledeeming characteris-
tic- of the diymon of th> public lands of the Ro-
man people1 Tneir public do-nain was the fruit
ol eo> que^t, and th'y who fought the baúles of the
Republic, deu,ar(led a share of the spoils iheir va-
lor had won. The ai'siocr.-.ey of that day opposed
«tch appropriations when the g.eat mass was to be
beneátett. They who slot d forward as the cham-
pions of popular rights were then, and insueceedmg
ti mes h ive bean,denounced as ¡e vellersand disturbers
of public order. In lam the c'amoti of the peo-
ple were heard demanding justic At length old
DenUtus rushed i itothemid^tof the assembly of the
ppcp'e, leid b.Tc his wounds received in defence of
Rome in the pcquisition of these very land=, and
,.rous d^the fury of the popjlace pgamst their op-
pre-,-or^; yet still thepeoph weredemed jus ice; inie-
H«t'riomphedoveriight. T*seR irnan Senatesnould
pr",mt a v-armng to us to avoid injustice—not an
ex^mp'e to folios'. Your agrarian law di-
vide* lands won hy 'V vakr of your fore-
•ather'—ceded to jou by the patriotism of the
Stat" —purchased by toe 'sixes imposed on the peo-
ple tor the benefi o' a rao.ieyed oligarchy and fo-
reign bankers. When- are the soldiers of the Re-
v ,iutt n—where the soldiers of the last war?
Wouid jhat trey could enter here, and point to
t'en sears—ih'tr wounds—and plead with those
'• dumb mouths " against this proposition, so want-
ing in patriotism snd m statesmanlike lore-ight.
Have you no alarm of war, even at the present
moment?   May you not need these very land , as
