108                                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.        _____                3uly^l841>
27th Como—1st Sess.                                         Loan Bill—Mr. Pickens.                                                          H. of Reps.
the people that may not be necessary for the absso-
lute wants of a wise Government. As to the gain I
that one section might, from its peculiar invest-
ments, have by taxation, discouraging foreign com-
petition in the home market, Mr. Pickens said he
would not at present touch that branch of Ihe
subject, although it was an incidental and collate-
ral benefit resulting from taxation that might also
be dwelt upon.
There was no Government whose fiscal action
was at all like ours m iis incidental effects upon
the distribution of wealth. We perhaps might see
something of the same kind in France and Russia. '
In France the Government had necessarily made
heavy collections in the vine-growing provinces of
the South, and the heaviest disbursements of the
Government were necessarily made on her North-
ern frontier, to prevent invasions from her power-
ful and warlike neighbors. This operation had
thrown a larger accumulation of capital and
'ealth where the greatest proportion of the expen-
dieres and disbursements had for centuries been
Mac* , and the more fertile and productive pro-
vinces of the South had been kept bare. So it was
ii Russia more fully exemplified. Collections
bad be*n made from every quarter of the empire,
and the disbursements were made upon the Baltic,
and more particularly around St. Peteuburg. The
result was, ih t from the country being a quagmire
and marsh, th« disbursements of a mighty empire
bad enriched it, and built up one of the most beau-
tiful and richly ornamented cities of modern Eu-
rope. But that empire, vast and extensive as it is,
from the very fact of its wide expanse and variety
of interest, never can be able to stand heavy ex-
actions in money. Despotic as the Government is,
although it can draw for men without number, j et
it can never bear heavy taxation. Large collec-
tions, gathered from the regions about the great
wall of China, or habitually exacted from the fer-
tile provinces towards the Black sea, and disbursed
upon the Baltic, whould enrich the latter, while it
would exhaust and desolate the former.
The political economists if Great Britain have,
to a great exteat, overlooked the principal effects
that disbursements of Government have upon the
capital and labor of a nation, becau-e it was not
so sensibly felt there. Tbey have a compact terri-
tory, with a dense population, and an identity of
interest, and the consequence is, that they can bear
the collection of two hundred millions of dollars
and feel it less than we would the collection of
fifty millions, because their disbuisements would
be immediately thrown back again into the same
compact territory and amongst the same consoli-
dated interests. But here the whole fiscal action
of the Government, if it be high, produces sensa-
tion and derangement throughout our whole sys-
tem. This was the great difference between our
Government and that of Great Britain, and it was
the cause of the power and immense fiscal re-
sources of the latter nation. This differ/ nee cre-
ated the fatal error into which gentlemen fell by
adopting those systems of measures which looked
to high revenue and high disbursements. They
had taken their examples from England—from
English institutions—English principles and cus-
toms—and they had attempted to apply them to
us—to a people totally different in every respect.
Far be it from me to say that we had such lo-
cal interests that we could not be harmonized un-
der one Government. No; my remarks are in-
tended to show that we are not prepared to bear
high pressare—that unnecessary exactions in pro-
found peace were not suited to our intc-iests or to
our institutions. We had great and leading inte-
rests in common—we had trial by jury, and uni-
versal suffrage—two great bulwarks of liberty.
We spoke a common language, and had freedom
of religion. But what is still nvrs, we have a
common American interest as contradistinguished
from European powtr. The necessity of a perma-
nent union for the purposes of defence and inde-
pendence, is too obvious to be dwelt upon. We
have the glorious associations of the past, and
a common origin and a common fame to bind us
together. Preserve the forbearing and equal prin-
ciples of the Constitution, and there never can be
a murmur.   But it is a fatal mistake to suppose
that the Onion is strengthened by assuming doubt-   j
ful powers, or by making unnessary exactions to   ,
give the Government a high fiscal action.    There    |
may be as much oppression and injustice produced
by using the powers of Ihe  Constitution to an un-
necessary excess, as there would be from a direct
violation of the instrument itself.   Abuse of power
may sometimes perpetrate as much wrong as usur-
pation.
Let not gentleman suppose that opposition to this
bill and its kindred measures—a high tariff—distri-
bution to pay indirectly the debts of the States—
and a Government Bank to organize the whole for
the benefit of the stock interest and foreign fund-
holder—originates from any factious desire to
thwart the just action of the Government. Mr.
P. said his opposition was to the whole as a sys-
tem. We had these questions indirectly in issue
before us for the last four years. They lay at th¿
bottom of all the bitter party conflicts upon this
floor, and throughout the country. The politicians
who were seen to triumph in these contests were
nothing compared with the great moneyed interests
involved. They were but feathers and corks float-
ing upon the surface. The agitation of the deep
current beneath came from the great gambling,
speculating and moneyed interests oí society.
They constitute questions that have divided
the two gre¿t parties from the foundation of
our Government to the present day. We paid
off thi? Revolutionary war debt, and sub-
mitted to the fystem then imposed upon us, from the
necessity oí the case, and from the recollections of
that glorious event, that terminated in our inde-
pendence. We then paid off the second wai debt,
under a similar system, and were quiet, from simi-
lar motives. But now, in profound peace, we find
ourselves comparatively free from a national debt,
and the great question is, whether we shall be
thrown back again, under the former system of
measures, for the benefit of the moneyed and stock
interest, ami at the expense of the landed and !i-
boiing interest of thi* confederacy; or whether we
shall reduc  the Government to simple and econo-
mical expenditures, and a low fiscal action, suited
to a state of peace, aud congenial to the free prin-
ciples ef an equal Constitution, and to th<? feelings
of a Republican people. Alexander Hamilton
and his followers encrafu d the British bunking
and funding system, with their corresponding mea-
sures,upon our country, from very patriotic motives
at the time. I have no doubt that they believed our
system too weak, and that it was necessary to
rally around it the mon-yed interest of the country
by favors and bounties, so as to sustain the Go-
vernment, and with it the Union. Bu; the circum-
stances under which we are now placed, are totally
different. No man doubts the power or ths per-
manency of our Government, under a strict and
proper construction of the Constitution. Under
the system which Hamilton created, there grew up
a party that differed from him radically m their
principles of public policy. They believed the Go-
vernment strong enough under a strict construction
of the Constitution. George Mason, Patrick Hen-
ry, Rollins Lowndes, and Thomas" Jefferson, weie
the fathers of this latter school. They understood
thoroughly the philosophy of our system, and had
judgment to discriminate between what was neces-
sary for Great Britain, and what might be necessa-
ry for us. Sir, it was a profound school of politics,
 nd the experience of time has tut proved the ma-
turity of their wisdom. True, it was a little more
complicated, and more difficult to be understood,
than the direct and consolidated system of Hamil-
ton; but where has there been a free Government
that has not been more or less complicated? It is a
despotism that is always simple. It is one of
the beautiful attributes of a free system, that
it requires thought, intelligence, to understand
and restrain if.
A gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
had the other day ridiculed Slate authority, State
Rights, and pronounced it all a humbug. Sir, I
have knownmany instances in physics, and morals,
as well as in politics, where gentlemen pronounced
a system absurd and ridiculous, which they had
not the ability to comprehend. I believe, when
Galileo first used the telescope, and developed our
! beautiful planetary system, proclaiming that the
| sun was a centre, and that the planets moved
i around it in their separate orbits, that he was im-
| mediately denounced as a heretic by the ignorant,
I aud, if-1 mistake not, thrown into prison by the
i fanatical. The system was too complicated for
, their understanding. I remember, too, when at
! college, that many young men would go as far as
i quadratic or cubic equations in algebra, but
wh^n they came to rise to the higher branches,
; and fo apply spherical trigonometry to the
■■ study of the heavens, they then thought it too
! ethereal for their contemplation, and in the
! supreme gravity of ignorance, they pronounced it
all usele.-s and ridiculous. And so it is with those
Í who are contented with a simple and despotic Go-
vernment; they relieve their minds from contem-
! plating the higher fields of philosopy in politics,
by pronouncing it all theoretical abstraction. In
1 one point of view liberty itself is an abstraction.
-   When gentlemen in this country pronounce a great
¡ system of politics   all ridiculous and absurd, let
them first strike from the scroll "of fame the names
j of Jefferson and Henry.
!      Mr. P. said that he believed if  the  system  of
' Alexander Hamilton—a funded debt—high tariff
Í —assumption of State debts—or which is the same
i thing, the distribution annually of public revenue—
;  together with a Government Bank—if all these
i  were to be revived in a time of peace—and at
this enlightened peiioá of the Republic, the result
would be alienation   of   feeling—sectional excite-
! ment—all tending to weaken' the bonds   of this
Union.    Not that be would threaten any thing of
that kind, or looking  towards it, but that Jihe peo-
ple would not bear a high pressure system at  pre-
i sent.    It is  the part of   wisdom and patriotism to
I  forbear.
!      Mr. P. then said he regretted that the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Fillmo e] had thought pro-
per to arraign  parties  upon  this floor.    He bad
touched topics calculated to excite the bitterest feel-
ings.    I  thought th?t, while  giving his beggarly
j  account of empty boxes, it would have been the
part of a statesman to have presented his measures
i  in such a manner as to have commanded the best
! feelings of the House.    Why was it that he at-
tempted to show that the last Administration bad
; expended so much  more than what came from
I  the   ordinary   revenues    of    the    Government?
j  Was it to repeat that partisan calculation made
in  the   Secretary's   report, which went to show
the- "excels of   expenditures   over   the   current
;  revenue" for   the  last   few  years?     Suppose   a
'< debtor    and   cieditor   account     were    opened,
and  lit la-it   administration were   to   show   the
;  twenty-eight  millions   of   dollars deposited,   or,
,  as    the   Secrttary    might   have   it,  distributed
amongst   the States.     If   this were   done   (and
it would be just as   fair as the Secretary's mi-
.strable showing,) it might then square accounts
: upon the most approved baiis of Federal calcula-
' tion.   The Chairman has thought proper in one
breath  !o denounce the. extravagance of the last
Administration, and then, in the next, lo speak of
their contracted expenditures.    He proclaims that
they refused to appropriate   for  fortifications for
the Navy, and  last, although not least m his esti-
mation, he denounces  them for having abandoned
' appropriations for harbors, auJ internal ímprove-
i  ment>, &c.    He even mourns  that tbey sold at
j  auction the implements for  works of internal im-
;  provetnents   that   had   been carried   on   before.
j  And is this their sin?    I rather think that many
1  will suppose that they were  riant  for lopping off
useless and unconstitutional expenditures.    It will
;  be recollected  that tor  five ^t-ars  past we have
fought these questions upon  tnis floor, upon high
-   principles of constitutional power as well as expe-
;  dieney.    We have been able to vote them down,
and,  in  my opinion, very properly.    1 suppose
I  now, from the denunciations of the chairman, these
'  measures and expenditures are to be revived.    But
when the chairman comes to speak of the expendi-
!  tures of the last Administration, did it never oc-
cur to him that Congress had something to do in
passing upon and pressing those expenditures, and
that there were hardly any, no matter how extra-
vagant, that he and many of his friends did not
