Jnly, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________________    m
27th Cong—1st Sess.                                        Public Lands—Mr. Brown.                                                       H. of Reps.
upon this distinguished citizen of my own State;
but, without disparagement to him, surely I may
ask, when befor  has so powerful and graphic a
picture oí that outrage, speaking to the moral and
almost to the bodily sense, been exhibited as in the
following extract of the reply of the Secretary of
State to Mr. F x?
"It.must be shown that admonition or remonstrance to the
Eersons on board the 'Caroline' was impracticable, or would
ave been unavailing; it must be shown that day-light couid
not be waited for; that there could be no attempt at discrimina-
tion between the innocent and the guilty; that it would not have
been enough to seize and detain the vessel; but that there was
a necessity, present and inevitable, for attacking her in the
darkness ol the night, while moored to the share, and while
unarmed men were asleep on board, killing some and wound-
ing others, and then drawing her into the current, above the
cataract, setting her on fire, and, careless to know whether there
might not be in her the innocent with the guilty, or the living
with the dead, committing her to a fate which nils the imagina-
tion with horror.'5
Was there any want of American spirit in all
thisi No, sir, no. The destruction ot the Caro-
line being at length avowed by the British Go-
vernment asa public act, the Administration could
not but feel lhat it was utiwonhy of its own cha-
racter and of the character of the nation, to dignify
a miserable and subordinate instrument who may
have been employed m it, by making him the se-
lected object of national vengeance. It could not
but feel also that the ppatypir; ot'pablic law which
exempts these subordínale instruments from indi-
vidual responsibility for acts done in obedience to
the competent public authorities is a principle
founded m reason and humanity, and recognised
bv the universal practice of civilized nations.
What, then, did it become a h'ghminded and hono-
rable Government to do, under these circumstances?
Frankly.and unreservedly to admit the principle—
to put itself in the right—and to do whatever
should devolve on it as a moral and responsible
power, to fulfil and maintain the right. It had a ;
higher game—a nobler missisii—than io make war !
upon McLeod.
It would not comply with the demand io release
him, for lhat was not its province; but thinking that
the courts, in the exercise of their own proper ju-
risdiction, ought to release him, ap.d charged with
the internanonal relations of the eountry, it felt it-
self called on, without interfering with the func-
tions of an independent department of the Govern-
ment, to contribute its moral influence in support
of a great principle of international intercourse,
on the doe observance of which the harmony of
nations essentially depends. The Attorney General
of the United States was thertfoie furnished, from
the archives of the Government, with authentic
evidence of the avowal by the British Government
of the destruction of the Caroline as a public act
done under its authority and was instructed to vi-
sit the scene of McLeod's trial with the single
view of placing that evidence at his disposal, and-
  of seeing that he had the full benefit ot the consti-
tutional provision which secures to "the accused,
in all criminal prosecutions, the right to a speedy
and public trial by an impartial jury; to be con-
fronted with ihe witnesses against him; to have
process lor obtaining witnesses in his iavor, and to
have the assistance of counsel for his defence." To
have done leas, under the circumstances of the
case, would have been to betray a &acred duty
which the Government owed to itself, to the coun-
try, to the cause of humanity, and to the peace
and harmony of nations.
But the Senator irom Pennsylvania thinks that
the Administration should have been restrained
from yielding to these dictates of duty and huma-
nity, by a sentiment of self-respect, in consequence
of what he denominates a menace contained injhe
communic3t'on of Mr. Fox. In what does the
genleman find this menaet-? In there words:
"Her Majesty's Government entreats the Presi-
dent of the United States to take into his most de-
liberate consideration the serious nature of the con-
sequences which must ensue from a rejection of
this demand." Now, sir, however earnest this
language, I must say I «e more of deprecation
than of menace in i'. From what school of di-
plomacy the honotabie Senator has drawn the
sensitive and fastidious standard he applies to this
communication, I know not.   But had I thought
that, in this practical and utilitarian age, notions
so jealous and sublimated had given place to di-
rectness and simplicity of speech, and that an ap-
peal to the candid reflection of a foreign Govern-
ment on the consequences which might ensue from
the omission or performance of certain acts, if
made in a toDe of courtesy and friendly expostula-
tion, was always held to be admissible, and some-
times, indeed, proper.
It is a little remarkable that language almost
identical with this, in a letter of Mr. Fox to Mr.
Forsyth, of 29>h December last, should have passed
without arousing, in the slightest degree, the j-alous
sensibilities of gentlemen. In that letter, Mr. Fox
savs to Mr, Forsyth:
"I cannot but foiesee the very grave and serious conse-
quences that must ensue if, besides the injury already inflicted
upon Mr. McLeod, oí a vexatious and unjust imprisonment,
any further harm m:iy bo done him m the progress of this ex-
traordinary proceeding."
But I must s, y, Mr. President, that punctilios
like these are not of subsiauce sufficient, in my
opinion, to occupy in this age of the world, the
grave discussions of a body like the Senate of the
United States. The calm dignity of conscious
strength is not prone to be astute in imagining or
suspecting insult. It is ever self-poised and col-
lected, reposing i~n the sense of its power, and the
justice of its caa .e. Such, I trust, will ever be the
attitude and beating of t'nisgailant Republic of ours.
Least of all wiii ¡t permit itself to be restrained
from doing what is right by the most unwortby of
all tears—"the fear of being ihought afiaid."
The Senator from Pennsylvania seems to have
forgotten the illustrious and honored name which
was at the head of this Government when its
course was taken in regard to ¡he a/Fair of McLeod.
He indulged himself in painting io the Senate the
haughty mein and indignant defiance with which
he suppostJ Andrew Jackson would have treated
the demand of ¡he British Minister if ho had still
held the reins of power. Though the h?ro of New
Orleans was not then in the chair of state, one, his
compeer in boldness, in fearlessness, in dignify—
one who had been familiar with every form of dan-
ger in the field, and was not to be daunted by the
reflection of terrors, reil or imaginary, in the cabi-
net—one whom the people cf America had select-
ed for his military and civil services to fill the seat
which Washington had occupied—a veteran who
never shrank from a contest with British power,
face ¡o face, was there. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that he, too, was panic stricken?
The Senator from Pennsylvania may dismiss his
apprehensions that the honor of the country will
will be compromised in the hands of those to whom
the nation has entrusted its keeping. The Chief
Magistrate, who now so worthily fills the place of
the lamented Harrison, has given, in a life of ho-
norable and patriotic service, pledges on which the
country can repose. He has announced the max-
ims of his policy towards foreign powers in terms
which cannot tut command the universal assent--
to render justice tc all, submitting to injustice from
none"; and while sedulously cultivating the rela-
tions of peace and amity with the rest oi the
world, esteeming it "his most imperative duly to
tee that the honor of the country shall so tain no
blemish." To these sentiments of th<s President,
we find a faithful echo in the language of the Se-
cretary of State in the close of his letter to Mr.
Fox.
"This Republic does not wish to disturb the tranquillity of the
world Its object is peaeo, its policy peace. But still it is
jealous of us rights, and among others, and most especially of
theri"ht of the absolute immunity of its territory from aggression
abioad; and these rights it ¡s the duty and deteimmation of this
Government fully, and at all times, to maintain, while it will at
the same time a* scrupulously refrain from infringing on the
right ol others,"
In sentiments such as these, we have an abun-
dant guarantee that nothing: will be done or suffered
by the present Administration which shall strike
us from the high rank among the nations where
the virtuous siruegles of our aicestors have placed
us, and tfoat it wul steadily pursue the noble and
comprehensive rule of action laid down by one of
our early and most illustrious Presidents, to merit
the character of a just, and to maintain that of an
independent nation, preferring every consequence
'  to insult and habitual wrong.
KEMARKS OF MR. BROWN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
"In the Howe of Representatives, July 1,  1841—(>n
the bill to distribute the proceeds of the public.*
lands amorg the States.
Mr. BROWN addressed the committee as fol-'
lows:                                                                j "
Mr. Chairman: This is an extraordinary sea-*
sion of Congres^Y-called at an extraordinary tiams,
—organized in an extraordinary manner—and go-
verned by rules and resolutions of aa extraordina-
ry character; and, jídgíng of itá future by its past
course of aciion, I much mistake public opinion,
if, when ils full story shall be told, it will not be
remarkable in the legislative history of the country,
not only as <m extraordinary session, but as an
extraordinary Congress!
From the accession of the present Administra-
tion party to power until the meeting of Congress,
I never heard any other reason given or urg d for;
the necessity of its being called together at So early
and nnpropitious apsriod, but the necessity that
was said to exist to provide ways and  means to
carry on the Government.   The late   President
ai'd his advisers, it was urgsd, had ascertained
that great deficiencies existed in the Treasury, and
that it could not meet the necessary demands upon
it, and therefoie, and therefore only, was it neces-
sary to call Congress together.    This was the
cause assigned.   I am aware, sir, that no such
cause did exist, or docs exist; that there never
was, is not now, and could not be, under any eco-
nomical and prudent management, any demand
upon the Treasury previous to the regular meeting
of Congress, lhat tumid not be fully met by the re-
sources placed within the control of the Govern-
ment.   The deficit  which the Secretary of the
Treasury has made in justification of this extra
session of Congress, and tt endeavor to show  that
the late Administraren ha.   left the  Government
m debt, and without sufficient provision for it 
wants, has been clearly shown, at the other end of
the Capital, ard  will be  here ere  long, tó iw
but   the   baseless  fabric   of  a   vision;  that  it
had   no   other   existence   than   the   Secretary's
own    imaginings    is    evidenced   by   the   fact,
that neither that officer nor any of his friends
and supporters, in or out of Congress, has made
any attempt to gather together the scattered frag:
ments of the stiucturehe had raised, and that ha;s
been so effectually demolished; or even to mak*
an effort to try to sustain nrsupporthimself or bis re-
port. I therefore deny lhat tnere is.or ever has been,
any debt or demand upon the Treasury that cottld
or ought to have induced any President to call Con-,
}-ress together before the regular day <sf its meeting:,
under the Constitution.    But Congress was to.be-
called  together—this was decreed   by   the  tfieja
leaders of the Administration party; and a national
debt—?. want o( means to carry on the Government,
was the only grounds it was supposed that would
be a justification before lb<> per pie lor so unpopu-
lar and expensive a meast'i"; and whether the
causes assigned were  irue or false, according to
Whig tactics, it mat'?red not—it was only_one
more link w lh? long chain of deceptions by which
they had obiali't-d power, and by which, if no ho-
nttt meant! could be found, they intended to perpe-
tuate it.    That Ham justified in saying the causes'
assigned for ihe extraordinary ses?ion were not the
true ones, but only made and published to deceive
the people, has been, and   is being proved, by
every word and deed of the majori'y since Con-
gress has assembled.    It is ¡n the acts of men, and
not m their professions, we are to look for their
motives.    I', therefore, there is, as the Secretary
says, a deficiency  in  the Treasury—if there are
demands upon it that cannot be paid by any mo-
ney now there, or that will be there—if the reve-
nues of the Government are not equal to its ex-
penditures, as he says is the case— if,"-as he  inti-
mates, the-Government can get on nojonger,  un-
less Congress shall provide-more money immedi-
ately__more revenue—obtain money somewhere
to supply the Treasury, how is it that we have
been more than five weeks m session, and
there has not the first step been taken to in-
crease the revenue to provide for that de-
ficiency, or to obtain meney, unless the bill lately
