**A    _______________       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             July, 1841.'
27th Cong.' -1st Sess.                                    Public Lands—Mr. Brown.                                                         H. of Reps.
introduced to create a loan, Buy be considered as
'och? How happens it, if tae Administration paity,
(if there be any Administration or Administration*
parly, for it is difficult to find out what, <jr where
it is,) those who claim to be the majority in
these balls, really believe the Treasury is bank-
rupt, that it requires a loan &f twelve millions of
dollars to pay its present debts, and th<tt there wi'l
be at the end of the year a still further debt to
provee f°r of four or five millions'of dollars moic,
'b'at they have not only refused or neglected lo pro-
pose any bill lo increase the revenue, 01 10 reduce ¡
the expenditures., but have thus far gone m in full
new of such deficiency, further lo exhaust ihe
Treasury by extraordinary appropriation--? What
a spectacle we must exhibit to our countrymen and
to the world! Look at our acts. We have passed
but two bills during all this action TV first wi>
to take oat of Ihe Treasury the sum of twenty-five
thousand dollars to give to the widow of General
Harrisr-a—certainly an extraordinary an,)iopnauon
under any circumstances, but the more so when
given at a ume, to use the language of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr Aiford ] when we are not
able to pay our just debts. The next bill we passed,
was one to pay the expenses of this <e^sion of Con-
frcss—to pay ourselves before we have earue-t it.
'his, though an extraordinary couise of legisla-
tion, is, nevertheless, a wioe one, for if ihere is lo
be such a deficiency in ihe Treasury, as the Secre-
tary says there will, it is certainly the part ot wis-
dom to get our own pay in time, while there is
some money to be had. And now we are in con-
sideration of the third great Whig measure of the
session—a btii to take two and a ha't or three
millions of dollars out of the Treasury, which, ac-
cording to the-Secretary, will be, at the time it is
to be, taken out, minus sixteen millions, and instead
of paying the debts of the Government, to be dis-
tributed among the States Surely this i > extraoi-
dmary legislation, and will enutle us to the appel-
lation of the txtraorihnary Congi est.
But I said all this  talking and figunng out a
debt or a deficiency in  the Treasury was a decep-
tion, and that we had been called here   lor other
far more important purposes; to carry into efilct
measures that will change the whole character of
our Government and institutions under it.   L t
any one listen but for a sing e hour in either end
of the Capitol to a speech from any one of those
wbo   compose  the majority—lit him   read any
Whig newspaper published any where from one
end of the Union to the other, and he will lind th,it
the burden of them all is a "National Bank" and
a "distribution of the proceeds of the >ales of the
public lands "   These we are now told are the ob-
jects for which we have assembler';  and we have
made rules and passed resolutions, lo ktep < ut of ¡\
our view all other mailers, and day af er day, and
hour after hour, are we urged on,  by speeches
and papers, in and out of these halls, to move on
without consideration, deliberation,  or delay, lo
their consummation.   And  why this has e?   Or
why should they be consummated at all? The only,
or at least the great argument that is given, is, the
people have willed ii'   Go into the other tnd of
the Capitol any hour   when a  Whig orator is
speaking, and you will hear it repealed almost in
every sentence he utten-, that ihe people have called i
for a "National Bank"—that they have debattd
the question and determined it, and therefore a |
Bank muitbe made, or Congress will be rrcreant j
to its duty.    Come back to  this   Hall, and here [
you will near lhf> same potent  power mtoked   in
favor of the bill under consideration     Here, ihe   I
people have willed the di tnbutionofihepublic'and',
and"thus every measure  biought forwaid by  the I
majority is to be carried through Congress, an¿ 0e   I
forced upon the Executive for bis absent,  not by
their own intrinsic merit, but by an appeal to the
popular decision, to whi#fa, wl en it has fairly and
tally been made, none will bow with more readi   ;|
ness and cheerfulness than I will
But, Mr. Chairman, when I am asked  to bow
submisstiely to the people'  will, it must be shown
to me that it is their will.    The "voice of tbe peo
pie," it ¡s said, "is the voice of God "   if  so,
when they speak it will be clearly understood  and I
tlearly communicated, through true, and not false J
prophets; and ii is my purpose, before I proceed to
the examinar en of ihe provisions of the bill we hav e
now before u% lo show to the committee thattheie
are false prophets in the Whig paity, who are false
ly rspresentiag that to be the people's voice, which
is not their voice, and that the measu.es they are
urging here, as. asked for by them, have not been
asked for, but sre a violation both of their will
and their desires And when I ipeak of the peo-
ple, I wish to be tsnderstood as speaking of the
Whig people—the people whose representatives
are in a majority in Congress, and have the exe-
cution of the laws, and who. we are told, m the
arguments of these representatives, willed the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the «ales of the public
lands—a National Bank, and the other measures
that are to follow them The Whig Executive and
Whig members of Congress have bfen elected by
the people of several Stales; any measure therelore
determined by their election must have been either
asserted by them previous to their electior, or have
been made a question for the people's approval or
disapproval at ihe polls, otherwise the people can-
not be said to have declared one way or the oiher
in relation to them.
The late President, we all know, refused to make
any declarations of opinions for the public eye;
and the present Executive was known to hold very
different ones from th se now set up as those of
Ihe Whig party, or by the leaders ot that parly as
a rule for his Administration And may I ask in
what other mode during the late contest, the ques-
tion ef the Public Lands and a National Bank di-
vided parties
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Alford,]
told Uo that the people of Georgia are opposed to
the distribution—that they never would «ubmit to
it—that it was monstrous—lmqut'ous—m viola-
tion of the Constitution—'he rights of the States,
and of moral honesty; and jet ihe people of Geor-
gia gave their vote in favor ef the present political
party in power' And it is well known that other
gi ntlemen on this floor of the same politics as the
gentleman from Georgia, hold the same language
in relation to this bill. How is it, then; do they
not know the wishes of their constituent ? or is it
not rather that there are fabe Whig prophets, who
are attempting to mislead Ihe judgment of this
House by misrepresentation of public opinion?
There wasone sentiment expressed by thegpntleman
from Georgia,so remarkable m ilscharauer, I can-
not pass it by without notice, though irrelevant
to the subjeel It was ihr , that though ihe Whig
party should distribute the sales of the public lands,
much as he and hts constituents condemned the
measure, and though ihey should make a Bank,
that he said would be broken down immediately,
by me ' Loe  Focos" and thou; h they shouli do
ail ihey ought not to do, and leave undone all they
ought 10 do, still ihey could not drive him from the
Wh>g party. No v, sir, I '.ubtnit if this is net an
adhesivenesi to parly ot a very strong, if not a
very strange character, and particularly for so
great a stickler for State Rights, as is the gentle-
man from Georgia , it is certainly very cha-
racteristic of the party, it is not like principles that
unites them, but a mere name.
Leaving, however, the gentleman from Geor-
gia, and his Whig associates, to settle those matters
of dispuie among themselves in their own way—
and I have only referred to them 10 show that
while ihey all profess to be Ihe exponents of the
people':, will, they all differ in its object and direc
tion—I shall proceed to what I at first intended
when I digressed in search of that public opinion,
which tbe Whig majority claim as their shield
and their guide, and that was to show how it de-
veloped itself in Pennsylvania, and to place my
Whig associates from that State, in their true posi-
tion with their Whig brethren here. It will be re-
membered that the Whig voice of Pennsylvania,
like that of Georgia, was given in favor of the
present Admmistiation; it is right therefore that it
should be heard m the direction of that Admmis-
tiatton, unless she i to be made the mere instru-
ment of its creation, and not the recipient of its
care and regard. And what was the Whig voice
of Pennsylvania, as spoken at the last election'
Was it in favor of a distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands and a National Bank?
Will any gentleman tell me where and when either
of these questions waj. brought into the issue of
her elections? When such was the avowed ob-
ject of ths Whigs of Pennsylvania in changing the
Administration? Sir, I deny that either of these ques-
tions was ever submitted to them and approved On
th« contrary, I will prove beyond contradiction, her
Whig citizens had far different objects m view, and
that so far a* the latter is concerned—a National
Bank—it was condemned by them; and that all
and every of tbe measures for wh'eh they SKel'ed
jour triumph, have been most decidedly re aduted
by the majority m this House, and the Adminis-
tration elsewhere And what were ihese mea-
sure:,? I will begin at Philadelphia. Tnere, at its
Whig head quarters,day after day, and week afler
week, floated the banner ot the party. On it was
inscribed—not "Distribution and Bank," but
"No National debt."
"No ElECUTIVE BANK "
"A PROTECTIVE  TARIFF."
First "No national debt." And what have we
here? One bill for a loan to begin a national
debt of twelve Bullions; another bill for a Bank
to increase this debt ten or twenty millions more;
and the distribution bill, which will require the
debt to be increased still faither this year, three
millions.
Second. No "Executive Bank " And what kmd
of a bank is now proposed? Is it not an Execu-
tive Bank—I mean either "the Bank" or the "jfis-
eal Jgent"—the "Rascality" 01 the Fiscahty, as
they have been called. Are they not bolh, or
either, to be, so fdr as the Government has any
control over them by the appointment of directors,
or otherwise, under the Executive? And are they
not essentially and declarativcly to be part of the
Executive power of your Government? Our Go-
vernment is composed of three departments, Le-
gislative, Executive, and Judicial. That of keep-
ing and paying out the public money belongs to the
Executive If you make a Bank, it will be an
Executive Bank—such a bank as the Whigs of
Philadelphia have condemned. But it n tbe third
inscription on the banner to which I wish most
particularly to call the attention of the committe,
because it was the most potent at the polls, as an
appeal to the interests of all classes of the cmzens
of Pennsylvania, from the Delaware to Lake Erie,
as that which would bring the "better times" and
the "higher wages" they were promised, and
because it was associated with what was once
considered peculiarly the favorite policy of
Pennsylvania, and for which many of her citi-
zens still have some lingering affection. And how
has this great leading object of the Wmg3 of Penn-
sylvania—and if I am wrong in saying this was
the leading object of the Whigs there m giving
their support to the present majority, I trust some
Pennsylvania Whig on this floor will set me right -
—how has it been met1 Look at the fate of the
petition of the citizens of Montgomery county,
presented a few days since by my colleague, [Mr.
Fohnance,] and his resolution, only asking the
committee to consider the propriety of an increase
of duties; it received only sixty votes, and a large
part of them not Whig votes Listen to Hie
speeches made on this floor yes'erday by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Alford,] or by any
other Whig from the Soulh, how full ot deep
anathemas are they all agains-t a "protective ta-
riff " Here a hundred Whig voices are raised
against the cherished doctrines of ths Whigs of
Pennsylvania, that before the election were silent
or in their favor. Have I not heard, sir, night
fter night, gentlemen fiomthe South, m this same
Whig headquarters in Philadelphia, in e'oquent
tones denouncing the late Administration as having
prostrated the interests of Pennsylvania and the
business of the country, and call on tbe citizens of
Philadelphia to join them in the glorious work of
reform—to put in power the Whig party, and it
would restore confidence, and revive business?
Thither came in the labor of love distinguished
Senators and Representatives from the South, ana
it may be among them was my friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Wise,] for I know he sometimes ho-
«noredmy Whig fellow-citizens with the elpquent
