ti&
27*  CoííG.......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Public Lands—Mr. Brown.
July, 1841.
H. of Reps.
Ó6e mere, and I am done with Whig jteettngs
in íeunsylvinia, and I only introduce this the
more fully to show how determined the Whigs are
to ifiove the truth of the remark oí the Roman
'consuj;, «ad it will further serve "to point a moral
an^Cadorn a tale." It is an extract from the pro-
ceedings' of a "Whig meeting at Valley Forge,"
in .Pennsylvania, and forms part of the preamble;
af¿r speaking of the blessings the,y enjoyed in ihe
olden lime, these Wh>gs sav-~
"But; in the midst of all these blessings, supplied hy a boun-
teous*. Providence, we are on the verge of desuuction
How can this be! Aspirants have twine 1 themselves into nub
liefavor—ttiey crowd the headsof Government—fill ouroffices
—sappl? their wants, and abuse tneir constituents Unless a
MORAL REFORMATION can be etfec ed, we shall shortly
CM** to exist as a Republic—and that reformation can only take
placis by the removal fr im office of persons who aie incompe-
tent'nr unwilling to honestly discharge then dunes.
"We; love ourcountry—we will jbide by its Constitution—-its
welfare it our welfare.
'■Therefore, resolved. That Martin Van Bureo, through po-
litical misrule and unprecedented corruption, has brought un-
paralleled suffering upon the people of this country, andisno
longer fit tobe i s Chief Magistrate
"Resolved, That in William t 'enry Harrison, the farmer of
North Band, the Chieftain of the West, the civilian of his coun-
try, we recognise those important virtues, which i\e suited to
any condition ofllte, those valuable talents which qualify I im
for any station, and that we will doonrbest endiavois to se-
gure his election.
"Therefore, resolved, That a Convention of the people fa
voraftlato the election of Harrison and Tyler, will be held at
the Valley Forge encampment ground on Thursday, the
first da; of October next, at 10 o'clock, a. m. for said pur-
pose.
'•Butlvei, That the ground whereon the meeting is pro-
posed to be held, hallowed by sacred associations as the spot
wiwrson our fathers struggled to throw from their necks the yoke
of a foreign despot, is best fitted to be the rallying pomt where
freedom should assemble to wrest their Constitution and their
country from the usurpation of a domestic tyrant.
"Jlattlved, That Mam > Van Buren's late letter in relation
to the standing army of 200 000 men is in direct contradiction
to his recommendation contained in his annual message to Con-
gress, and we are fully convinced that he prefers policy to pun-
ciple.
"üesoluei That for the purpose of carrying the above into
effect, David Zook, Samuel H. Davis, William M. Stephens,
Maurice Richardson, Joseph Pastonus, Isaac Richardson,
Nicholas Bean, Isaiah Thropp, William Rmer, H Jones
Brooke, J M. Davis, aid James Stephens, composea Commit-
tee of Arrangement.   That
Bdward drogues, j r James F. Latta, M. D. Jacob Penny-
packer, M. D. andTownsend Haines, of Chester,
John Elliott, jr. Wm H. Slmgluff, and George Richards, of
Montgomery,
John K. Zoilen, of Delaware,
Abijan E. Stephens, orPhiladelphia,
John M. Keim, of Berk ,
R. W. Mirldleton, of Lancaster,
E. T. M'Oowell, of Bucks,
Be a Committee of Invitation and Correspondence, and that
Jbseph E. Anderson, Joseph Whitaker, and James M'Farland
be « Committee for Advertising.
"Acsetaed, Thatall editors favorable to the cause of Harri-
son andTyler be requested to publish the proceedings of this
meeting', and to lend their aid in making general the invitation
to ««and it,
"On motion, adjourned.
MATTHEW ROBERTS, President
Matthia* Pennypackeb, 1
Joseph E Anosrson,       > Vice Presidents
Randall Evans,            J
«AMpfeLH «avis,     .   I Secretarles. 
Bbwahd Gakbiousb, jr. $ ,-""c'"'","•
Tuere is nothing in all these proceedings in fa-
vor of "distribution," or a "national Bank."
Their objects, besides opposition to a " standing ar-
my of 200,000 men," seems to have been gene-
rally and particularly for " moral " reform. And
how has their object, in changing the Administra-
tion, been realized'! Let them look to the appoint-
ments in the custom house at Philadelphia, many
of which were made under the authority of their
own neighbor, Jonathan Roberts—for he comes from
not far from Valley Forge. There they have fai.
specimens of moral reform! from Bela Badger
dawn. Why, sir, there have been appointments
thtjse made of men, it is said, not long ont of the
Penitentiary, and some of whom, if report speaks
troth, will soon be there again; some, I know, ought
to be therenow. When these 'moral reformers' were
appointed, it produced the utmost consternation
among th« honst portion of the Whig party; the
whole city became alarmed—as much so as did the
people of Rome when the Goths and Vandals en-
tered the city—or as ever did the citizens of Phila-
delphia themselves when the cholera or other pesti
lential disease came among them. I speak
what I have heard the Whigs themselves say, and
what their newspapers have proclaimed to the
world; and yet there are your " moral reformers "
still m office, as the guardians of the public reve-
nue. If such are the men who are to be the col-
lectors of the revenue that JO to be levied m lieu oi
the proceeds of the public lands, when tbey are dis-
tributed, I fear a large portion of it will never get
into the Treasury. Bat such, sir, has been, and I
suppose, will be, what is meant, by Whig moral
reform.
1 might go into New Jersey and ask the gentle-
men who lepresent that S>ate, what was the public
voice in the late election there. I attended some of
the Whig meeting--, but I never heard one word
about "distribution" or a "National Bank." There
the people ware called upon to vindicate their
"broad seal"—every change was rung on the broad
seal—Ihe violated sovereignty of the State;; but the
"standing army" was held up the most conspicu-
ously there, and was most potent in alarming her
ptact-ful Quaker citizens, inasmuch a* in New
Jersey all milifatraimngsbave been abandoned. In-
deed, u I had time and disposition, Í might go from
county to county, and from State to State, piling
evidence upon evidence, thit in few or no places,
were the subjects ot the "distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the <-ales of the public land%" or a "Na-
tional Bonk" ever brought to the view of the peo-
ple at the late election; on the contrary, that an in-
finite number of other object^, some of them as
ambiguou - as the Sybil's leaves, were held out to
them by the Whig orators and newspapers to gain
their votes—to each audience or person, or district
or county, as was best suiied to alarm, please,
or wm. They were all things to all men; and in
very truth, an their banner at ihe great Baltimore
Convention indicated, they "stooptd to conquer."
In the North, the Whig candidates were Aboli-
tionists and tanffites; in the Sooth, for Sotaihern
rights and fres trade—eyery where did they exhibit
a holy horror of a standing army and the extrava-
gance ot Mr. Van Buren's Administration, and many
were the plausible ta ei they told of the "retrench-
ment, economy, and reforn" they would make, and
the high prices, and high wages, and better times
they would create, if the dear people, for whom
they were laboring, would but give them the power.
They have got the power; bur, ala ! (or their re-
trenchment, economy, and rc'orm! at the rate they
have thus far gone, as I have already said, they
will have increased ihe expenditure of the Govern-
ment millions above what it really wias un-
der the former Administration; and the res'oiation
of confidence, the higher wages, and the better times
—they are yet to come! But I must hapten on,
and leave the inconsistencies of the Whig party
for another time.
There has been, however, one voice from Penn-
sylvania in favor of the "equal distribution of ihe
sdles of the public lands," the apparent object of
this bid. It comes from the Legislature Legis-
lative instructions have no binding force on me.
My immed ate constituents, and they only, have
i he ri^ht to instruci me. But I would pay great
resp ct fo the opinions of the Legislature oí my
State when they are fairly given, and are the true
exponents'of ihe popular will. . But the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania is not that exponent. The mem-
bers of the Leg slature in the majority at the time
these instructions were passed, had been elected by
nearly seven thousand of a minority of the people.
This was caused by the most infamous apportion-
ment of the membe s of the Legislature in 1835, '6,
when the Wh g party obtained a temporary ascen-
dency in one branch ot the Legislature, through
the schism of the Democratic party at the polls, and
in the other by the treachery of some six or seven
Senator1-, occasioned by the rechartpr of the Bank
of the United State'. By that apportionment, the
Democratic county of Philadelphia, with 31,000
taxables, was given only eight repret-ntatives,
when the Whig city of Philadelphia, with only
18,600 taxables, had seven. The Democratic coun-
ty of Bradford, with 4,721 taxables, and the De-
mocratic county Columbia, with 4,818 taxables,
had each of tnem but one representative, whil-t the
Whig county of Bedford, with only 4,712 taxable ,
anu the Whig county of Adams with only 5,167
taxables, had each two representatives. Thus was
it, by an apportionment over the State such as
this, that the Whig party was able to get an
a^-endency in the Legislature of Pennsylvania, aud
pass their instructions.
Mr. Dawson rose to a point of order. The
gentleman was going into an account of a local
quarrel, and he would submit it to the House
whether they ought to allow it to be made the po-
litical arena for the discussion cf this question ,
any whether it was the question before the House.
The gentleman had been going on an hour and a
half, confining himself but little to the subject be-
fore us. He would ask the gentleman to confine
himself to the subject.
The Chairman said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had been requested to confine his argument
ro the subject before the committee. The gentle-
man had been called to order several times, and
he could not be allowed to go into the discussion
of subjects which had nothing to do with that be-
fore the committee. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the question to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
Mr Brown resumed I know, sir, that these
remmiscencfs are unpleasant for the Whig party to
hear, and would be out of order; but that the ma-
jority, on every occasion, every day, tell us that
the public voice, at the late election, had determin-
ed in favor of their fatronte measures; and it
seemed to me to be necessary to show how falla-
cious was the argument—how l'ttle was it entitled
to regard; and yet it is the strong and almost only
argument given in favor of the bill under conside-
ration. But, sir, as it seems to be so displeasing
to Whig gentlemen, I will leave it at this time,
and come back to the bill itself.
When I left., the subject in chase of public opi-
nion, I wasshq,wmg that, according to the Presi-
dent's message, and the report of ¡he Secretary of
the Treasury, theie would be a deficiency in the
means of the Treasury, at or about ihe time the
fiist distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
'he public lands would take place by the pre-
sent bill (Dec. 31, 1841) of sixteen millions
of dollars and upwards. This sum is made up of
a large amount of unexpended appropriations, two
and a half millions of dollars, which the present
Administration asked for as additional appropria-
tions, over and above what was thought by the
last Congress necessary for the wants of the Go-
vernment for the present year, and four millions
which the Secretary says ought always to be on
hand as surplus I am aware, as I have stated,
that no such deficit will exist, nor is any such sur-
plus wanted; but the party in power have so stated
to the public, and with this deficiency full before
them, they propose to take out of the Treasury
three millions of dollars receivable for the sales of
the public lands. Besides, there is said to be an
actual deficiency in the means of the Post Office
Department of half a million, which ought alss to
be provided for. This is the view given of the
probable state of the Treasury as estimated by the
Secretary. Is it the part of wisdom or justice,
when the Treasury is thus bankrupt, to take from
it any part of its resources? Is it not a fraud, as
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Alpord] has
called it 1 But there is another matter that con-
nects itself with this subject, which, to my mind,
gives to the act of distribution the character of in-
sanity. It is the utterly defenceless situation of
our entire frontier, and particularly that of the At-
lantic sea board. The President says in his Mes-
sage at the opening of this session:
"True wisdom would, nevertheless, seem to dictate the ne-
cessity of placing m perfect condition those fortifications which
are designed for the protection of onr principal cities and road-
steads. For the defence of our extended maritime coast, our
chief reliance should be placed on our navy, aided by thosem-
ventions which aré destined to recommend themselves to pub-
lic adoption. But no timeshould be iost m placing our pnnci-
pal cities on the seaboard and lakes ma state of entire security
from foiei^n assault."
And the Secretary of War, in his repoit, repeats
and enforces the recommendation of the President
thus:
"The many weighty considerations which invite the imme.
díate attention of Congress to the subject of the public defences
generally, and particularly to the works absolutely necessary
to thesecurity of our great commercial emporiums, and the
keys to our most valuable resources of eveiy kind, must be so
generally understood and appreciated that nothing this depart-
ment can urcrecould add any thing to their force and conclu-
siveness To say nothing of the destruction of property, and
our weakened condition m a military point of view, attendant
upon the carrying of any of our most assailable points, the pe-
netration of our territory and theseizur eof even one of our
strongholds by a poweifnl enemy, upon the sudden otrbreak
of war, it would seem tobe equally the dictate of patriotism
and wisdom to make due provision against the ,infilction of
such insults to the national honor and character."
And yet we find the Administration party in
