July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fir
27th Cons....1st Sisss.
Public Lands—Mr. Brown.
H. of Reps.
Congress tairing from the Treasury the means of
accomplishing what that Administration recom-
mends. It is not, however, because the Admi-
nistrator! recommends it, that 1 have called the at-
tention of the committee to it, but because it re-
commends itself to the judgment and patriotism of
every American citizen, 'it was the admonition
of the father of his country in his last address to
his countrymen "in time of peace to prepare
for war;" and he urged it, not that we might be
conquerers in the war, but that we would thereby
best maintain peace. And I ask you, now, sir,
and the committee, if you, or they, were to put the
question on this day to any and every citizen of
this country, looking to the altitude this country is
now placed in towards Great Britain, if that citi-
zen would not tell you, before you distribute any
of your revenues, your first duty as their represen-
tatives was to put the country in a state of defence.
Suppose, sir, we should be ere long forced into
a war; and I intend to show directly that such is
not improbable, but very likely to be, would not
the destruction of life and property, in consequence
of our defenceless situation, be fearfully ;;reat? On
the whole Delaware bay and river there is not a
gun mounted. Nor do I know that there is a place
to mount one. The whole of the States of Dela-
ware and New Jersey bordering on that bay and
river, and the commercial metropolis of Pennsyl-
vania, are all exposed to the unchecked depredations
of an enemy. And is there no danger of w.\r?
What mean the menaces of Great Britain if
McLeod shall not be released? Aie they idle
boasting? And will he be given up? Wbo knows
that? What if he should be hung? and he may be.
Will we apologize for it, and plead foigiveness?
And will we be forgiven? What power, and where
is the power of the General Government to take
him out of the jurisdiction of the Government of
New York? it is against the laws of the State of
of New York he has offended—they have caught
him—will try him, and if condemned will hang
him! Then will we have wat? But suppose he
shall be acquitted, released, or given up. What
then? Has not the British Government acknow-
ledged the atrocious act—the burning ot the steam-
boat Caroline, and ihe murder of the crew—for
which McLeod would be hung if tried and found
guiliy—as ihe act of that Government? Ttien, whe-
ther McLeod shall be cleared or hung, it docs not
change the relations of the two Governments, so
far as we are concerned. Whether we give up
McLeod, the murderer, or not, we must take the
British Government as the murccrers. What atone-
ment will they make ut? They will never apolo-
gias or atone; they have a'ready told us so. What
wilt we do? Cluiotly submit to this desecration of
our soil, destruction of our property, and murder
of our citizens ! I mueh mistake the temper of the
American people if they will not cry aloud for ven-
geance; and we will be forced to adopt retaliatory
or war measures.
With a state of things like this pending over us,
ought we not to be prepared (or war? While we
are defenceless, Great Britain may well bully and
threaten us. But, if our whole frontier and sea-
coast was fully fortified, and it was known that we
had sufficient munitions of war, and arms to put
in the hands ot every citizen, she would take a very
different ground in her language towards us, and
in her negotiation* with us. Let us show to her,
and all the world, that we are prepared to defend
our rights by an appeal to arms, and we stand a
thousand times better chance to have them peace-
fully respected. Our defenceless state invites ag-
gression. Our weakness will compel us to submit
to indignity, while we ought to be able to compel
out rights to be respected. And how can we do
this, if we take from the public Treasury the last
dollar that is there—no, it is not there—bat which
ought to be put and kept there, or to be appropri-
ated towards the defences of ihe country. It may
be said, however, that theie is really no danger of
war; that the present Administration are in favor
of peace; that the Secretary of State has it all in
train. "True 'tis, and pity 'us, 'us true," that the
Secretary of State has attempted to deprecate the
wrath of the British Government, by what I consi-
der a betrayal of the honor of his country, but
the people of the United States may not choose
to consider the Secretary of State as the best de-
pository of their interest or their honor. I have
misread the hhtory of my country, if in year1- ¡ one
by, the people and the Secretary have not differed,
and widely, about national honor, and the causes
cf war. The Secretary did not, before the war of
1812, Ihink the impressment of American sea-
men, and other outrages committed on the Ameri-
can flag, causes of war—the people did. The Se-
cretary may not think the murder of American
citizens, and the outrages committed on American
soil, now causes of war—the people may—and,
sir, for one, 1 have not the confidence in the Ameri-
can head and heart of the Secretary that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] expressed the
other dav. The history of the late war, the re-
cords of this House, must be obliterated from my
memory, befo.e I can have any confidence in hs
American he? d or heart, when Great Britain is
her antagonist.    He sued for peace.
Mr. Proffit called Mr. Bbown to order. He
inquired ol ih<". Chair whether, during the conside-
ration of the present bill, it was in order to enter
into a personal attack upon the Secretary of State,
impugning his patriotism and honor. If the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania was indulged in this wan-
ton and unjustifiable departure from dteomm, he
(Mr. P.) would lepel the slander. He felt able
to answer not only the member who has uttered it,
but any man who would make an insinuation
against ihe probity, the honor, the noble patriotism
oi Daniel Webster.
The Chairman reminded ihe gentleman from
Pennsylvania that he was departing from the sub-
ject under consideration in discussing the question
of war or peace.
Mr. Brown. The gentleman may reply when
he pleases, and as he pleases, and vindicate the
Secretary where he pleases; but what he call-:
slanders I tell him are stubborn facts, written here
upon the journals of «his House, and deeply in
the hearts of every American; and I tell him nor,
that ihe Secretary of State, in his letter ¡o Mr.
Fox, has cast a s am on the honor of ihis country;
brought down ihe eagle of America—(ihat symbol
of our country's p.oud and noble spirit, which
spreads its wings over your chair, Mr. Chairman)
—and has prostrated that bird of liberty beneath
the feet of the British lion. His American bead !
His American heart! The "noble patriotism of
Daniel W ebbtsr I" Ye gods! Let the American
people hilar this, and let them remember his "noble
patriotism" during the las.t war. Sir, I was sorry
to hear the gentleman from Virginia give the sanc-
tion of his name to ihe course of the Secretary of
State in the McLeod case as true to American
feeling. That gentleman [Mr. Wise] every one
knows has an American head and heart, and
loves, snd would defend his country and his
country'* honor as his own, and it must have been
rrt'ire in consideration of the kindly lelations that
exiit between them at this time, ihan his. recollec-
tions of the pa t history *>f the Sectary of Stale,
ihat induced him to vouch for his American head
and heart.
This I know, Mr. Chairman, is all out of order,
but it is spoken, and so let it go; and Í will return
to the distribution of the proceeds oí ihe public
lands once again.
The bill is m just and unequal, it professes to
distribuí the proceeds of the public lanes equally,
when in fact it gives a much larger share to some
States than to others. It provides that Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, Misrif-sippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Michigan, shall hereafter
have, over and above the millions of acres the/
have already had, ten per cent, of the nett p:o-
ceeds of all sales made within them, and then to
have their equal share with the other S ates after-
wards. What equality i* there in such a division
as this? or what naht have these States, or any of
them, to any portion of these lands more than the
other States? It is said by the advocates of distri-
bution, that these lands do not belong to the Gene-
ral Government, but are only held by it
in trust for the several States, to be di-
vided among them equally. Then what right
has   our   trustee—the   trustee   of  Pennsylvania
—to take any part of our portion and £ive it to
Ohio? Pennsylvania has given to the General
Government no such power-r-she acknowledges no
such power in her trustee. I deny, however, alto-
gether, that the public lands are heldiby the Ge-
neral Government for the use of the States  I
believe, both by the deeds of cession and the na-
tional character of the purchase, they are held for
the use of the Slates as a whole, as ft nation, and in
this way only ean the several States be equally bene-
fited by them. They are the property of the United
States, held for the use of the United States, as all
their other property is, and the proceeds of their
sales are m no wise different from money received
from customs, direct taxes, or in any other way,
andought not otherwise to be used or appropriated.
But it is not my intention to discuss this part of
the subject—this has been and will be don  by
other and abler hands. My object now is to show
the injustice of the bill, under the distribution
plan, of giving to one Slate more than another,
and then call it an equal division.
I have said, you have no right to take from the
trust  fund of one State and give it to another—
from Pennsylvania and give it to Ohio; and I now
ask what is the propriety or reason for saca ine-
quality?   Is Ohio poorer than Pennsylvania, or
has she mote need of a large share?   The bill
slates, the object ofgiving Ohio more than Pennsyl-
vania, is to aid the former in making internal im-
prsvemen s.   Ohio already has an extensive sys-
tem of internal improvements, partly paid for by
donations of land; and has not Pennsylvania ex-
pended millions of dollars in internal improve-
ments, and for which she is now deeply in debt,
and her soil and citizens heavily taxed—and for
whose benefit are they made?   More for Ohio than
¡or Pennsylvania.   A large portion of Pennsylva-
nia is not in the least benefited by any of her public
work«,while all Ohio íslargely benefited by them,yet
Pennsylvania, according to the provisions of the
bill, is to have a large part of her share of the
public lands taken away from her and given to
Ohio  to enable her to complete her public works.
Pennsylvania   will   never   submit   to   this.     If
she   has    any   right   to    any   portion  of   the
public lands, she has a right to  a full share, and
as one   of her Representatives, I  will consent %o
take nothing less.    But she wants none of it.   She
is suffering now unuer the curse inflicted upon her
by what she has already received fiom the Go-
vernment—the surplus revenue.   That, and the
amount received as a bonus for the charter of the
Bank of the Uniied Stales, was the cause ot the
expenditure of millions of dollars more with it, in
the wildest schemes  of public improvements that
ever en'ered into the heads of men  to conceive,
and to which, more than to any thing else, is to
be aitnbu'ed her present large debt, unfinished
woiks, and  broken   credit.   Let any  one who
imagines 50 much good will be derived from these
donations from the General Government in the
way of interna! improvements, go to Pennsylvania
and behold her abandoned works—ihe offspring of
ihe surplus revenue.     Beginning nowhere, and
ending nowhere—"made over mountains," (to use
the language of one of hfr legislative reports,) "so
high that it would make the head of the stonteet
man ¿izzy to look down from, and running through
caverns so deep, that the light of day can never
penetrate   them."     Nor   s  it  in Pennsylvania
alone thai we a'e to bok for the evils that resulted
from tb,H drtr.buuon ef the revenues of the Gene 
ral Government among the States.    It is to beseen
almost in every State.   It was felt deeply, and in-
juriously felt, throughout the Union, and was the
main,  if not the only  eao.se, of  the inflation of
the currency and wild speculations that followed
it, and brought ruin on the country.    If you pass
this bill, ihe same effects will be felt to a degree
again and again.    It cannot he otherwise.    It  is
in ihe very nature of the thing to derange the busi-
ness and ihe currency of the country.   No matter
where the money comes from, the distribution an-
nually, or occasionally, of large sums of moneyt
not in payment of any of the products of labor or
of the soil among the several States, will lead to
the derangement of ail regular business and certain.
prosperity.
... — ~~^
