July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGÉESálOÑAL GLOBE.
•ue^iivxasisn 
M9
27'tm Cong-'"1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr, Benton.
Senate 
income, will be more anxious for a high price for
the lands than for rapid sales. Thus will grow up in
the States antagonist interests and feelings, that will
not only produce discord in relation to the sales of
the lands themselves, but may, ultimately, involve
and endanger their general harmony. The new
Slates, m which large portions of these lands may-
be, will become the victim  of these antagonistical
Slate interests. They will no! be as now under
the guardian care of a common parent, but of
separate heirs—prodigal pons, who will demand
their share of the heritage at once, and careful
ones who want it to remain in the common stock
until it will command the highest price; The seat
of all their contests will be these Halls Nor will
these be the only contacting interests. There has
been, is now, and there will be, a band of land
speculators, who, ever ready for their prey, will pro-
voke these conflicts and too often decide them—
not for the interest of any of the old States or ifae
new States, but for their own inte! est. These land
speculators have now many millions of the pub-
lic lands in their possession; pass this bill and who
can tell how much they will have in years to come;
and are they to be the future guardians of the
Western frontier? Do the new States desire to
have their destinies placed in their hand? Yet
such may be the result of the passage of this
bill.
in every aspect the subject presents itself to my
mip.d, it seems to be the true interest of all the
States that the control of the public lands should
remain in the General Government, and the inte-
rest in the United States, to whom they were first
ceded, or by whom they were purchased.iVor do
I btilieve it to be wise policy to keep them merely
for profit. The amount that may be received for
sales always has been, and always ought to be, but
a secondary object. I do not believe that we
should throw th-m away upon all the worthier of
the world, but I do think that the sooner they are
cultivated by an honest, indusüious, and hardy
population—American iu character and feeling,
come from where they may—the belter will it be
for our common defence, and general Welfare. Our
frontier will be comparatively decreased and
strengthened. The general expenses of the Govern-
ment '«ill be but little augmented, either at home
or «broad; and all that is necessary to our protec-
tion on the seaboard or on the ocean, will remain
the same as now; whilst the settlement of the Great
West will add largely to the defenders of the whole
country. Nor wi.l mis be the only advantage that
will be derived from the increase of population
there. In a few years these settlers will become
tax-payers, consumers of the articles on which du-
ties are laid; and they will ¡-ay iato the Treasury,
in customs, far mote than ever has been, or ever
can be, obtained from the saks of lauds. This is
the case now with Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, In-
diana, and others of the new States; and "'ho would
exchange their brave, industrious, find patriotic
sons for waste land". As it is with them now, so
will it be in a few years with the whole of the "Far
We*1," if this Government shall not turn i'self in-
to a land-office for the States, and take upon itself
to sell its lands to pay their debt?.
It often happens-, Mr. Chairman, in the course of
human events, thit the secret springs of th« actions
of «dividual? and public b< dies are conceal  d from
the actors, wrso are but the instruments of others,
while Ihxv seem to the eyes of the world the prin-
cipals. It is not my parpóse to impute to any
member of the commiuec other than patriotic mo-
tives in he advocacy of this or any other measure
that may cane before Congre.-s. But whatever
may be the motive of any c ne here or elsewhere,
it must be appiient to every impartial observe,-
that thf whole scope and tendency of the bill under
consideration, a>.d those other bills which ara
behind it and will follow it, if a majority can be
found to aivc them their sanction, I mean that
creating a" National Bank or Fiscal Agent, aDd
that creating a twelve million loan, or national
debt, is to enure to the benefit of land speculators
and the holders of State, corporation, or other stocks
and loans on this and the other side of the ocean.
The proceeds of vour lauds—the capital of your
Bank—the amount of- your loans, is all to go to
Europe, not to bs returned in gold and silver, but
to par the interest on loans, or be returned m mer-
chandise. This will be the natural and obvious
result; and will but add to our present indebtedness
to ihat amount; and the producing portion of tt.e
people of the United States will be the sufferers.
The whole scheme seems devised only to increase
the value, ana to add to the amount of State and cor-
poration stocks and loans, and consequently to add to
our indebtedness to Europe; and to er,ab!e those who
are now indebted to Europe, and who are otherwise
unable, to pay by indirect taxation, or exactions
from the people of the whole United States. The
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States will raise the credit of the
States. Those who are now heavily in debt, and
have unfinished public improvements, and most of
the indebted States have, will be induced by this
temporary aid and restoration of their credit, to go
on in their wasteful course, and involve themselves
still farther in debt. The other States will be
tempted to embark in a like career, or assist, with
the por<ion they may receive, railroad and canal
cou.pauies to embark in it, ar.d thus will begin,
or be pursued, that same career which, for the
ten years previous to 1839 created a fictitious pros
perity, which ended in leaving us in debt to other
parts of the world two hundred millions of dollars.
Yes, sir, for these ten years we imported from
Europe and other countries, the products of their
soil and manufactures, to the value of some twenty
millions of dollars annually more than we paid for
by exportation to other countries of the produce of
our soil and manufactures. A large part of this
difference was paid for by State and other stocks-.
For the last year or two the scene has changed; other
countries will not take inpayroentfor thurprodncts
our stocks or loan'-', and instead therefore of im-
porting twenty millions of dollars in merchan-
dise annually more than we pay for by our
produc's, we have been obliged to pay to Europe
and other countries ten millions annually as inte-
rest on the debt we owe them for ths products re-
ceived from them and consumed, and paid for by
these stocks. This makes a difference of thirty
millions annually against us compared with the
ten years before 1839, and may well account for
the difference in the times. But we were promised
better times, and here we have the Whig plan of
making times better; and I suppose it is in this
way ¡hat the President means lo effect "an expan-
sion of trade." We, are, it seems, again to run the
reund of madness and folly—to go deeper and
deeper in debt to Europe—to import millions upon
millions of her manufacture*, to tht destruction of
our own, and thas beget among us habits of idle-
ness and'extravaganc-, and then, at the end of
. another five years, awaken out of the dream of
better times—our gold and silver all gone to Eu-
rope— our banks sii-pended, and wc left another
hundred millions of dolUrs in debt. Against such
a eoure if legislation, m parliamentary languaro,
1 entermy solttnn proteo! and I w*rn thi majori-
ty hire that such will br. the <ffect of the m.-asarts
they propose to adopt.
Ti.e idea of this Government directly assuming
the payment of the State debts, it is true has been
rejected by the present Administration;  but it is
more than hinted  by the President that the same
consequences will flow from the distribution among
the States of the proceeds of the public lands.   He
is willing to do that indirectly  which he will not
do directly.    But the, gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Alford] told us yesterday tint he  was willing
openly  to assist  the States  to pay their debt?, by
a-suming a part of them    As I do not pretend to
understand the State Rights doctrines as well as
it   is   understood   in   Georgia,    I   suppose   this
is orthodox; but,  if that gentleman is willing to
assume a pait of the debts of the S-a'es now, I ap-
prehend he might be induced ultimately to assume
them all—men or Governments do not often stop
half way in measures of this kind,   And, when
this shall  be done, have gentlemen   ever calcu-
lated the amount of the national debt it will make?
Pennsylvania is now in debt nearly forty millions.
Putting her down as about one-tenth of the United
States, if these debts are assumed,  the natio.iál
debt will be four hundred millions.   It may re-
quire more, for I believe several of the States ate
proponionably more in debt than she is. Sit, any
attempt directly to assume the debts of the States,
or indirectly to provide for their payment, as is the
avowed object of this bill, can end in nothing else
than entailing upon the people of the United Slates
an overwhelming national debt, the interest on
which will have to be paid by the producers of
the country—by the farmers, the mechanics,' the
manufacturers and laborers.
Mr. Ctiairman, I warn you, and I warn th'scom.
mittee, before you take the first step on this'broad
road to ruin, to parre. I know you promised the
people, before your election, that you would make
times better, and that you are anxious to fulfil your
promises; but I warn you and them that if you do
it by the course you are pursuing, it will be at a
fearful cost. Pursue the path that wisdom, pru-
dence, and patriotism all dictate,—begin at once to
reduce the expenses of the Government wherever
they can b* reduced—raise, by an increase of'do-.
ties, levied, in such a manner as will best promote
American prosperity, as much revenue as will be ne-
cessary to meet the economical wants of the Go-
vernment—make the necessary appropriations to
defend the country, and then go home, and you
will best have relieved the community, leaving the
business and the currency of the country to be
taken care of by the people themselves. Time is
all that is necessary to restore confidence and re-
vive business—it is fast doing it—and, if left alone,
it will be sooner and better done than you can do it
with all your legislation. By me measures you
propose, you may make an artificial prosperity of
a year or two, or even more—you may make' the
fortunes of a few speculators and stockjobbers
here and in Europe; bit, as certain as there shall
be summer and winter, instead < f restoing the
cu-ri'iioy }ou will further derange it—instead of
promoting domestic industry, you will destroy it
—instead of promoting the happiness of the peo-
ple, you will lead them into extravagance, and de-
base their morale, and, in the end, leave them to
groan under a load of direct taxes.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Alfobd]
said that I was ready as soon as a Bank was made
to pounce upon its back with the ominous word
"repeal." Sir, I am ready, and upon this bill also;
and if my voice, and those who act with meshall
be unavailing here, to stop the fatal measures yon.
and your parly are urging upon the country, I will
raise the standard of the people once and again
in the first Congressional district of Pennsylvania,
and gather to the rescue that Democracy which,
never knew defeat. Nor there alone, but from the
ocean to the lakes; fr-m Maine to Louisiana, will
that same standard be raised, and never lowered
until a voice shall be heard responding to the call
of the true friends of the country, that will mak«
these halls rirv; to the echo again, and baniih
henee the hetrayer< of American interests and Ame-
rican honor, her prosperity and ber happ'mess, to
•.-■remote the intcre^'s of American speculators,
sio:-i<jobbers-, British manufacturers, and British
American landholders.
THE FISCAL BANK.
SPÜECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Se,\«te, Wedntxday, July 7, 1841—On Mr. Cal-
houn's motion to strike out the District of Co-
lumbia, i-ri,t insert New Orleans, as the seat of
the chief direction of the Bank.
Mr. BENTON said this was an important mo-
tion in its tisnir-, thou«h not presented m iheshape
to develop? all its importance.   It would come up
ajain in a more effectual form, namely, on a mo-
i,on for the proper distribution of the capital of the
Bank.   This motion would be made at a suitable
timr, whether the present motion succeeded or not,
and what was now said would be applicable to that
motion, when made.
He (Mr. B.) considered a National Bank to be.
first, a political engine to enable the Federal part}
to tule the country, and to crush the Democracy
secondly, a moneyed engine, to enable the North
east to plunder the South and West, and to enricl
the few at the expense of the many; thirdly, as i
