July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
Hi
27th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton.
Senate,
fairly m making its loans and discounts, and es-
pecially to favor the producing classes, and the
small dealers in prffierence to speculators an i
great capitalists. This obligation was constantly
violated by banks; and at present there was no
remedy for it. Publish ihe discounts, and the re-
fusals to discount—T,ublis,h the loans made, and
the loans retused—and a remedy would be pre-
sented. The unjust and partial banks would be
detected, and wouid fall under public censure and
legislative rebuke.
Loans were often made profusely, to rat e ihe
price of property, produc, or stock., and then ri-
gorously refused, and curtailments ordered, to sink
the price of property, in these s°a°ons of high
prices, the di-ectors and tae mi' ated sell; m the
season ot lev price-, they purchase. They know
when they aie go.ug to uia«e money plenty, and
whenscuice, and thus have an advantage over the
rest of ia¿ umimuniy Pub'cuy wool! detect
this knavery, and put the public out ot dang i
from these conn action ■> and expansion'
Often a sm^ll 'oan is refused to a worthy man
to enable hnn to prosecute some meritorious un-
dertaking, or to save his property fiom -acufice;
and at the same time a large loan 's made to a
broker at 6 per cent, per annum, who lends a little
of it to the distressed man, as a great favor, at
three per cent, a month, or it is lent to a specula-
tor to go and purchase the poor man's property for
a trifle, at sheriff'-. sale. Here, again, publicity s
the remedy. The Bank would necome infamous,
which should be caught at such work.
Loans made between neighboi and neighbor are
public—they are known to all the neighbors—and
often made a matter of record, m the case of a
mortgage, they arc always recorded. All the debts
between man and man are public, and onght to be
so, for the security of the public; that people may
see whether a man is already m debt, and how far
he is entitled to further credit. Tisis is the case
between man and man, why should it not be so m
relation to bank debts?
Mr. B. was very positive in h>s be! et that the
mass of the crimes, fraud , and iniquities whrh
disgraced our banking system, aM presented such
a frightful picure o. demoralization, aio>e fro'n
the SECRECY of bank proce a.ngs, an ' that tae
main remedy tor ih°-e en rmui's was PUBLICI-
TY.   He beheved that th s gre ■■: tiuih was gaining
ground, and wou d soon become unvtr ol, anl
would be app.ied to all b-nks.    He was cenan  t ¡
ought to be so applied.   Wita ho*r tiucn moie
reason, then, should this pnu iplc apply to th s
bank, which  is io teanativaa institution, whd y
intended to acrompl sh national objects, and bu> t
up, or intended to o¿ built  Dp, chiefly  on public
money!    This rnfde a dtsincuou be.we> n this
bank and oilier bAi k>, atidsiu nev and pov/pi-
fal reaiom for tac public ij jt Uo ,  oceedmg-   Lu
us see, said M  C. bow tn.s ban c is to be uuat tip;
let as see U.ae the bulk ol th> mooey is t- com
from  which  is to go m'o n, and  that v/ili Give
us clear views of what its conduct and manage
ment sbould be, and of our uahts oven', it, capital
is thus made  up. First, the  United Stat «s, are to
subscribe ten mi'lions out of thny, and  .hese ten
are to be b >r.owcd to be p a into the Bink, at five
per centum in «-rest, and tuse ten  m ¡lions, and
the annual  interest upon it .ot the iwen'y years
the loan i- to mn, are to be a debí u.mn 'he peo-
ple of the Unfed States.   The-e ten millions, with
5 per centum interest for twenty years, is twenty
millions of dollar".   Secondly, apon tht  marease
of the capital to fifty million-*, the United States,
are to subscribe  the one t'nrd of  the   increase,
which is si* and «wo- hirds millions more; and this
again is to be borrowed at 5 per centum per an-
num, which m twenty yeai, will make the interest
equal to the capital, and the two amount to thir-
teen million* ami a third    Thirdly, if the amount
of the capital (which 'S two-thirds  of the whole)
which is to b° subscribed by individuals or corpo-
rate shall not be taken m three months after
ihe books are opened, then the United States are
to subscribe for ,ne part so not taken, to the extent
of the one-third of the deficiency. Now tne amount
left to bf subscribed for by individuals and corpo-
rations, is two-thirds ot the whole, that is to say,
tweaiy rni lions of the first thirty, and thirteen and
one-tnir" millions of the increased tweniy, making
in the v,h >le thirty-three and one-third millions to
be substnoeu lor by individuals.   To the extent
oí one third of this sum, be'ng eleven millions of
dollars, the Unite 1 Stales may b*come, and pro-
bably will become, the subscnber; and that a^am
is to be borrowed at 5 per centum    Thus the
United States is to become, oi may become, ownprs
of about twenty-seven millions of dollars; and that
to bear interest for twenty years, which doubles its
amour !.   This is to be the subscnption of the
United States to the capital of the Bank, a large
sum,bu' by no means the whole.   The Secretary
of the Tie^sury proposes- to retain four millions as
a reserved fund, to be always on uan.l, and which,
of course, will be a deposite to that amount for
twenty y<ar«,  without interest, with the Bask.
Thi* would be four m.llions more, am! ihe ¡merest
another four.    Auothei  large infusion  of public
monoy is to go nun it    All the deposites me to go
there; and we alieady see that the friends of tbe
Batik aie determined that these deposite-- shall be
something   worth   having!   Loans,    taxes,   and
laige appropriations,  a'e  to  come into play to
swell these deposits'    Thio is to  be the  play;
and, already, we see it began.    A loan bill  is al-
ready actually brought m to bonovv twelve mil-
lions tf  dollsr-, which will go straight to   tap
vaults of tbe Bank.    Another bill is -üready actu-
ally brought in to recommence the tatiff by levy-
ing, twenty per cent upon near seventy mi'ln.ns of
imports now  frte of   duty.     This   would  raise
iourteon millions,  to go straight into the Bank
Another bill is brought m to appiepna'e about
three and a half millions to fortifications (while
the land revenue to that amount is to be presented
as  a douceur to  tbe ¡butt*-) and th.stnuernd a
hali "ii.l'ous would go straight into tbe Bank, to
i > there ,i year or two before it should b  usid up
This is sufficient  to show how the Sank will be
built up—that it will be composed ¿Irnos! enineiy
ot public moni-y—'hat the mass ot the loans and
disc un1   will be made out ot this public monej;
and now is it   wrong and unnasonabte thst    ho
pub'ic should kt ow to whom the-- vast masses of
public  money   s.ail   be lent'    We  hold that it is
i'veiy way right  and reasons le that  thr paviic
shiuidkuow how the*e pubhc monejs shall bo dis-
po.sd of in loans, and, there "ue, wc go for pub-
I cuy
Mr. B exemplified the co, of 'ccrecy in bat k
t.ai, >>ctions by relcrrmg to tht late United Sutes
B uk, vhen it \v,i . national .nstuuuon He
knew it wa"= the fashion now to deli for up th*
Bank to execration 1« r its conduct since it gr I a
charter from Penn ylva.ua, and t > claim f r it ,i
pure and vutuous 'harac a hrfoi" ti.it time, lie
ki.'W this was ho fashion nou, but he knew <;!so
Us,}1 tms u«,,i<,ioai and flagiaru m si, se—. hat,
ni ,o.nt o. fact, thoieis no. a sins, eiioi . ily ot
wh-ch the Pioa y vaaii in i ution was auilH,
Uaving o.t the sing1! one of tne co..on sper-nl.-
nons, wntoh was not pcrpetiaied by the old Ehak
under ns nat onal charter, and which was. not
defended <...d supported b/ th<> whole Fe It ral p« -
ty in Congress anl ou' el Congres. He vou'd
not go uito this cumpansi n at pp-s^nt, b«u be would
tak° one pom', that of he enormous loans to Tho-
mas Bidd'e, ai«l whir'n were s own uy Mr. C'a)-
ton's ccmT.ittee ot 1832, to nave excetdei linee
millions in less than two years, while thr business
community ot Fmladelpuia were refused small
sums during the «ame time.
Mr B  then read from Mr. Clayton's report a
list of loans to Tnomas B dJIe <fc Co as follows.
1830
1831
Sep. 17,
Oct. 15,
Nov. 16,
Dec. 14,
Jan. 14,
Feb  15,
March 15,
April 15,
May 17,
June 14,
Jul/ 15,
Aug. 16,
Sept. 16,
^,2-^0,000 at 5 percent.
1,123 000
do
730,000
do
730,000
do
720,000
do
540 000
do
400 000
do
480,000
d^
443,138 44 and 5 per cent
557 9 C8
do
504,912 5 p
?r cent.
579,0(0
do
683,000 at 6
per cent
Oct 14,          698,000 at 5 and 6 per cent.
Nov. 14,         693 7*7   do       do
Dec. 16,         089,125   do       do
Jan 17,          652 388   do       do
Feb 17,          488,323 at 5 per cent.
These loans are exclusive of the discount  on
bills of exchange to the same parties during the
same tim°, and which amounted to about wo mil-
lions of dollars.
During the same time, continued Mr B. resi-
dent citizen* of Philadelphia were refused small
sums for their current business- The same report
shows tilt  fact. The report shows this question
put to the Piesident of the Bank: The aggregate
amount of good notes offered for discount and re-
jected by the board, drawn and endorsed by resi-
dents of Philadelphia, on ihe following davs re-
spectively 9th August, 16th December, 1831:91
January, 10th February, 2d and 14>b March, 1832;
24th September and 15th October, 1832! And to
this question, it was answered, that, en the 24th
September, 1830,ihe sum of $6,319 was refused to
suc^> applicants, on lh¿ 9th Au-nut, 1831, the sum
ot SG 842 on Drcember 16tb, $82,181, on January
3d,' lc!32, $200 623; February 10 h. *l62,353;
March 2, #164,631, and March 13, $148,255.
Here, (said Mr. B ) a mo.t enormuus, and
iniquitous abu^e was committed. A broker,
and a lelauon of the president of the Bank,
¡jot loans lor mil'ions, and for years, at 4|¡,
5 and 6 per centum; at the same time, do-
zens and hundreds of citizens, applying for
small sums, the ag"regate ot the whole of which
was only a fiagmont of a single loan to this
cormorant, wcrerelu-ed! The persons so refused
were in all probability driven to borrow what they
needed from the same Thomas Bicldle and Co at
two or throe percent, a monih, and then the pub-
lic would be uitoitained wi h a story that- the
money maiket was 'light;" and that tigh ness would
he attnbut-d to some act of the Government.
Tnis nas been done (said Mi B ) by a National
Bank, and may be done by another. Let us then
provide again t it by providing for a pub ication of
ihe loans and discounts made and refused.
Mr B illustrated the progress of the publicity
principle; by rtirrnng to s hat b„d taken place in
this very chamber H" said that the Senate, for
man, years after the commejeement of this GrO-
vf«a.mnt sai ¿Iways with closed doots—sat under
h ck and key on legislative and judicial business as
well as on t xecntive—with ineir duors closed. The
journals sho j iepea'ed votings for ¡a^ny years be-
fvire this secieey could be arrrs,ed, and the doors
of tht Se.iate opened .o the public eye. Mr. B.
read several oi these motions, one ot which was
made in the year 1793, and was in the.e words:
licinh <d Thatltip roniiiK-tmg of the legislative and judicial
pown'xnhe t-' !i<tio in publu, and ouflatng <in acrountof
j-m'sani Ibllbi ii l Mistotif ¡jubilada! m tin newspa-
...heli mini oí dill Ubina 30 i> rat inforim'lon concern-
die in moisik motives ami roriduaulimhwiludl memhers,
mil iliat, Iv wnHiuldii, t! is-mil.rmuu 11, ie-¡n>nsibil«y be-
fim -uiunailm h 1 ill 1 ittu their couauuit. ma ovi,r one
bi uu-hol the í e^Hlaturc in a «\ at measure annihilated, and
the best eecunly which experiMii t lus dcvisi) agamsl the
abuse of powei md a mad administration abandoned "
Who c«n believe, at this day, said Mr B. that
this reso ution was rejected—oveiwbelmmgly re-
jected—by taiee to one—by 21 votes against  Ti
Yc such wa-, the fact.   The resolution wasreject-
el alatli, and again, and again, and the doors of
ih* Senate were not opened to the public  nnt.1 the
Democracy became triumphant in Mr. Jefferson's
lime.    This was  formerly the condition of the Se-
nate chamber, now if i= op-n to every visitor—gal-
le'ioi piov.ded for them—Reporters admitted—and
no' merely admitted, but comfortable seats and
desks prepared foi them.    What is now thought of
the secret proceedings of the Senate in former
tim-s?    1 can see astonishment in every face;  and
so it will be m a few years  with respect to  bank
secrecy.   The people of the United  States are at
school—at ihe  Bank school—learning rapidly: m
three years they will graduate, and will scorn the
degmas ot Bank arcana, anu, above all, will scorn
the secrecy m which Bank proceedings are wrap-
ped up.   The Democracy opened the doois of this
Senate chamber, and they uill open the doors of
the Bank patlor.    To the Democracy these crowds
now in our galleries, and these Reporters, in jheir
ttu ii n
