My, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
S7th Cong«-«'1st Sbss.
Loan Bill—Mr. Calhoun,
Senate.
cheat; it should be altered; fiscal should be struck
out, and some other substituted. It is a compound
monster, part treasury, part individual, part subor-
dinate corporations, for oiher corporation may
subscribe to its stock. Call it the Treasury Bank
of the United States. Then it is'the abhorwd
thing—the chimera dire—the gorgon head—
the raw head and bloody bones—which was
held up to terrify the people during
the whole administration of Jackson and
Van Buren. Even the Independent Trea-
sury was stigmatized as a Treasury Bank, and
many good people were excited agiinst it on that
account; yet it issues! no notes, received no depo-
sites, made no discounts, bought and sold no bills
of exchange; had no attribute of a bank; yet the
Independent Treasury was cried down as a Go-
vernment Bank. Kow we establi-h one m fact, a
mixed one to be sure—an hermaphrodite—but give
it a name which misleads the mind. It is a h.,m-
bazooling name, and should he changpd for a. pía n
one. Call it Trea^my at once, or Treasury and
British; for the British are to be stockholders.
Call it the Treasury and Company; for there ate to
be companions enough in it. Call it by some com-
mon and plain Mme, and at the same tirse appro-
priate. Call it the Hanaper Bank. That would
be classic; for it goes up to the Greek root of the
term. It also is an English term for the Exchequer
and the Treasury. We rerrember very well, said
Mr. B. addressing the President of the Senate,
that, as apprentices to the law, we had to learn a
long list of courts in England, among other that of
Hanaper, in law laiin, Hanaperium. The Hana-
per court, the Hanaper office, the clerk of the Ha-
naper, are all familiar to the student at law; ar.d
they all reier to the exchequer, the Treasury. It
is the old Greek word tor Treasury, sad is re-
vived in England, both because ihe clerk for-
merly used a big basket to hold hi, papers,
and these papers belonged to the Trea^my, and be-
cause it is an Exchequer, or Treasury court, I
would recommend it to the gentleman, then, to call
this a Hanaper Bank,especially as they have Eng-
lish precedent for it, and this fiscality is to be a half
English concern. Hanaper will do, but I would
prefer Bumper. It is Ihe same word, in a shorter
' form, and not only has all the power of meaning
which belongs to Hanaper, but has another mea>s-
iag very appropriate to this institution. The noun
hamper, is the big baskci; the verb, to hamper, is
to restrict, to hobble, to fetter, to cramp, to ham-
siring, &c. and that is the way this tank will save
this Government and the people. It will hamper,
hobble, and hamstring ihem; and then, like .1 real
basket, it will not hold water! that is, it will not
hold the people's money, which will go by the hun-
dred thou anfUo jobbers, p amblers, speculators, and
millionary plunderers.
Mr. President, continued Mr. B. will wonders
never cease? will political miracles never cease?
Last j ear, and for many years, the country was
alarmed, agitated, teriified, at tbe idea of a Trea-
sury Bank, gratuitously and unfoundedly ait'ibuted
to the Democratic party, Now, ihe very persons
«ho charged this as an offence upon the Democra-
cy are 'hemselves openly doing the same thing. A
Treasury Bank is now their idol, after having been
their terror; and the good people are required to
love it as much now as ihey were instructed to hate
it a few months ago. Such are the inconsistencies,
the contradiction', which are played off before ihe
people; and which, it is supposed, llv? good nature
or ihi; ignorance of the people will swaduw.
Mr. 8, leferred to the speech of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr Buchanan] as one that would
not be answered, because it could not bi answered.
He (Mr. B.) had waited for some one on the other
sida to reply to this speech. No one rose. No one
broke silence Shut pan, seemed te be tbe word of
command on the left side of this Chamber, it was
one way to curtail, and stifle debate. Another
way was to limit the time of the speaker, as was
d me in Rome in the time of the second Triumvi-
rate; and this way we have partly adopu-d in the
Sena'e. The morning hour, which, with manly
exertion on out part, was saved for resolutions, was
an infringement of our right of speech, perpetrated
for the first time in this Chamber, and even this
hour is now taken away from us by those from
whom we wrung it; it is frittered away by motions,
and presentation?, and small speeches, from
the gentlemen cf the other side. Another
way of stifling debate is to fix an arbitrary
hour for Us termination; another, to 'cut off
amendments without debate; but the most
capital way of all was to authorize the ma-
jority to put an end to all ta'k whenever their
minds were convinced. This capital conception
originated wilh the Jacobins of the French Revolu-
tion, and v-as applied on the trial of the celebrated
Madame Rolland. This lady defended herself
with such courage and ability before the Revolu-
tionary tribunal, that the .Attorney General, the
bloody Pouquier Tinville, wrote a note to Robes-
pierre to let him know that the woman would
eycite the people to mutiny if she was not stipped;
whereupon Robespierre ran a decree of three
lines through theConvc-nt on authorizing the judges
to stop the trials whenever their mind! were con-
vinced. This decree was immediately applied,
the defence stopped, and Madame Rolland ssnt to
the guillot>ne—and thus it was in all ftibseqnent
trials. The judges stopped tbe trials, and put an
end to ths speaking whenever they pleased; and
this last and most approved method of slopping
deba'es, so effect ml bef- re the French MVoluuon-
'ary irtbunals, is the only improvement in the art
of stifling and suppressing debate which remains
to be taken in our free, country under this íevived
reign of sedition law federalism.
THE LOAN BILL.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Monda?, July 19, 1841.-
Tbebill from ihe House, au hoti/ins a ban of
twelve nsill'on: cf du!Wr-, vas taken up, ihe
question feint; on it: pit n%e—
Mr. CALHOUN sá'd: Í rise simply to state my
grounds for vo-tn;; a?-.inst this measure, but with-
out the slightest expectation of changing a s'nsle
vote, after witnessing the united and disciplined
resistance, during the progress of ths bil', w every
amendment, however e1  - and necessary.
I am not one of those who believe that we are
bound to vote supplies to cover a deficiency in the
Treasury whenever called on, without investigat-
ing the causes which occasioned is; on the contrary,
1 not only regard it as a right, but as a duly, be-
fore vo'mg supplies, te sciutinizí with the utmost
caution into thi necessity of granting them, and
then to grant with extreme moderation, after we
are satisfied of the necessity. Í hold, in fact, that
the right of granting or wiihhold r.g supplies is
-i fundamental principle in all ft, e States, bs tbe
form of Government what it may; and that it is
not lew necessaiy in our Government lhan
that of Great Britain. If springs necessarily out
of the relation which is to be found under eveiy
Government, of tax-payers and tax-consurmrs—
tho?e who support, and these who arc supported
by, the Government. Governments will ever be
found loaning to the side cf the latter, and that
tendency, unless counteracted by wi'liholdnig sup-
plies, must, m the end, impose or: ihe cimniunity
opp-essive burdens,
' To make out bis case, it was not sufficient for
the Secietary to show t'r-at there was an actual de-
ficit; he most go farther, and snow bow it oexurred,
and why it could not be avoided. This he has not
done, except to slate that there has been a falbns
off in tbe estirnilwd -..mount of the rcveaco. 1 hole]
he ought to have gone farther, and to have sh«wn
that every effort ha* b?en made on his pan to meet
such falling off by economy in the expenditures,
and limiting their amounts as far as was consistent
with the public service. It, after showing that he
bad done so, a deficit still remained, I would feel
bound to supply it, but not otherwise. So far from
doing this, he bad shown a disposition piecisily ihe
reverse—a desi;e to make out a deficit, instead of
avoiding one, and that, too, expressly with a view
thathe might make this call for supply in the form
of a funded debt.
He felt satisfied that had the present Secretary
been actuated by the same strict regard to econo-
my as his predecessor, that there would not have
been a cent of deficiency at the end of the year.
He believed the Treasury was as amply supplied
in proportion to the demand upon it at the com-
mencement of this year as it was at the commence- '
ment of the last, aud yet we have a demand now,
when the year is but half expired, of an additional
supply of twelve millions of dollars; when" at
the termination of the las', under circumstances
not less trying, a considerable surplus remained in
the Treasury. The Senate will remember that
after the estimates had been made and voted
to meet the demands on the Treasury for the
present year, they were enlarged at the suggestion
of one of the members of the opposition [Mr.
Wise] by the grant of powrr to issue five millions
of Treasury notes, which was more than sufficient
to cover the actual falling off of the imports be-
l.iw the estimate.
He would say to his friends, that if they adopt it
as aprinciple to grantsuppiits in such cases when-
ever the S cretary chooses to make a deficit, vain
would be their resistance to those now in power.
Let it not he said that to pursue such a course
would endanger public credit or arrest the wheels
of Government. The majority in power, whose
extravagance or neglsct may cause the deficit, will
be he'd responsible for supplying it, but they have
no right in such c.isej, to call for tbe vote of those
who are opposed to them.
He held that there was a distinction in (his re-
spect between a state of peace and war. In the
bitter, the right of wiihholding the supplies ought
ever to be held subordínale to the energetic and
¡•uccessful prosecution of the war. He even went
farther, and regarded the withholding of supplies,
with a view of forcing the country into a dishono-
rable pence, as not only to be what it had been
called, moral treason, but very little shoitof actual
treason itself. It was that which rendered the at-
tempt 10 win hold supplies by the Videral party
during ihe late war so odious.
But he was not compelled to resort io this high
elementary principle to justify his opposition to
the present measure. It furnished abundant
ground, connected with its details, to justify the
most decided opposition; and among others, it
would be sufficient of itself that it asked too much.
It proposed a loin of twelve millions of dollars,
with a power of issuing Treasury notes in the place
of those that might be redeemed, amounting to six
or seven millions more, thereby authorizing a
loan of about eightcn millions of dollar:'; when,
in fact, tbe deficiency of the yew aim not require
more than five millions. He would not repeat
the arguments neces ary to e-.tabli-h that fact.
It had been clearly shown that that sum would be
sufficient, with due economy, not only to cover
tbe deficiency in the Treasury at ihe end of the
year, but to leave a sufficient eupply in the Mint
for tbe purpose of coinage, and in ihe Treasury to t
meet the current expense" of the Government.
lie  was unwilling   to vo e any  supplies  be-
yond  the exigencies of the  jear.    He could see
no good reason for it, but, on tbe contrary, many
against i*.    A large portion or  x'an  Mipposed defi-
ciency of the next year, whatever it may he, can-
not take plací befoie the 4'h of March, jtnd much
of it not until nearly thi- time twelvemonth   Why
t'ien provide for ¡t at this extraordinary sessioa,
whrnour attention is absorbed in other and more
important =nbjecls?    Why not wait  until the next
regular session, when there will be so much more
leisure—when the stale of the Treasury will beso
much more aceur.i'cly known—And when the re-
vision of the tariff, whethei it should take place at
this or ihe regular session, will enable us to decide
so much more accurab ly on the amount that may
be required.    He did net regard it as a case  for
confidence, as claimed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay.] but simply of prudence and dis-
cretion.   Our confidence may be asked when it be-
comes necessary to act, but never in such a case as
(hi*, when there was no such necessity.
Bat there were other and stronger reasons why
the grant of supplies should not extend be-
yond the present exigencies of the Govern-
ment. If this bill should become a law,
it would, as has been stated, place at the dis-
posal of the Treasury a sum not less in all probn 
