1SÉ4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Sfenate.
bilily than eighteen millions of dollars. Past ex-
perience had taught us that the expenditures of the
Government never failed to keep pace with its
means, whch would most certainly be the case in
this as in all former instances. There is no Go-
vernment on earth that has a stronger disposition
to extravagance than this. Make this large and un-
necessary grant of supply, ana we shall hear no
more of economy and retrenchment—those vir-
tues, so essential, to "a Republic and so ne-
cessary at the present time. Truth demand-
ed that he should say ¡hat they were required
in every Department of the Government, beginning
with Congress and going down to the humblest of-
ficer. It was not his object to blame any party or
any individual. The disease originated in the ta-
riff of 1828, which poured millions upon millions
into the Treasury beyond the wants of the Go-
vernment, and that tco on the very eve of the final
discharge of the public debt. So strong was the
current that the difficulty was to discover
expedients by which the surplus could be
disposed of. It is not at all extraordi-
nary that, in such a state of things, all
ideas of economy, retrenchment and accounta-
bility should be lost, and the most wasteful
extravagance pervade every Department. For this
there was but one remedy—to cut off the supplies
by reducing the duties and by withdrawing the sur-
plus from the Treasury, Both were successfully
applied—the former by the compromise act, and
the latter by the deposite act of 1836. An ex-
hausted Treasury was the result; and there follow-
ed, as ever will follow, from an embarrassed Trea-
sury, a spirit of economy, retrenchment, and the
enforcement of accountability, which have effected
in the last two years a very great reduction under
the auspices of the late Secretary of the Treasury,
the Senator behind me. It is our true policy to
continue the embarrassment, as the only means of
enforcing the necessary reform. A government,
like a family, spoiled by an extravagant in-
come, can only be n formed by stinted means.
Tüis measure would relieve the embarrassment—
sive a large temporary surplus at the disposition of
•ongress, and put an end to all further reform.
He next objected to the mode.   He preferred
Treasury notes to permanent loans.   It would  be
far cheaper.   Instead of six per cent,   which the
loan would cost, Treasury notes  would  not cost
more than three.   He understood that the average
inteiest on the whole amount heretofore issued by
the Government since the suspension of 1837 was
four per cent.—two per cent,  less  thin proposed
to be given on the loan, which, on twelve millions
of dollars, would make a saving of two hundred
and forty  thousand  dollars annually.     But this
was not all.    In the case of Trea-ury notes, inte-
rest never begins to acciue uniil  they  ars  used;
while on the contrary, in making loans, interest is
paid on large amounts long before they are used,
a difference which cannot be estimated at less than
one percent, making an add.tional saving of one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars in favor of
the former.   The two iiems make  three handled
and sixty thou$and dollars annually, and upwards
of a million of do1 lars tii three years—the period
befoie which the loan cannot bo redeemed.    But
this   is   not   the   only   loss   which  the   country
would suffer.     The   bill   provides  fur   the   ex-
changing of Treasury notes for the sleek which it
proposes to create, and which, as has been stated,
would not be redeemable in les* than three years;
while none of the Treasury notes have more than
one year to run, at the expiration of which the inte-
rest ceases.   Again: many of the Treasury  notes
bear but two per cení, interest, and some less than
that, having a mere nominal interest, and others rive
and two-thirds per cent.   None exceed six per cent.
These are to be exchanged for stock bearing six
per cent—making a clear loss to the Government,
and a corresponding gain  to the  holders of the
notes, (principally banks and brokers,) equal tothe
difference in the interest.
As great as this may be, it is by no means the
strongest objection under this aspect. To un-
derstand the real loss to the country, we must cast
our eyes, as I said on another occasion, to what is
passing in the other wing of the Capitol.   A bill
has been introduced there to raise the duties on all
articles now duty free, and those 'which pay less   i
than twenty per cent, to twenty per cent, which
would raise the revenue from the imports to twen-  i
ty-fivc million dollars annually, proyided  such  I
heavy, duties should not reduce the exports, and,  j
in consequence, the imports.   I speak on the sup-  |
position that the exports will continue to increase i
for the next three or four years in the same ratio
that they have since the reduction of the tariff,
which they will, in all probability, unless kept down
by high duties on imports.
What, then, must be the effects of this exchange
of Treasury notes, payable in the course of a year,
for stocks that have three years to run? How will
this vast increase of revenue be absorbed during
that period, when no part of it can be applied to
the discharge of the debt, or absorption of
Treasury notes? One of two results must
necessarily follow: that there must be a great and
extravagant increase of expenditure, equalling at
least twenty-eight millions of dollars, comprehend- '
ing the revenue from the public lands, or the reac- ,
cumulation of another surplus, to be followed by
another expansion, with all the disastrous conse- ;
quences which we have so recently experienced |
from the late surplus. If the former, what becomes
of the promises of reform, retrenchment, and eco-
nomy, so profusely made during the late canvass?
In all this, the gain to the banks would be not less
clear than ihe loss to the Government. Should a
surplus be permitted to accumulate, it would be
but an increase of ths deposites ia the Bank—that
is, so much additional bank capital for the time
advanced by the Government, without interest.
Should it, on the contrary, be spent in expendi-
tures, it would but add to the increase of bank cir-
culation, in which it would be collected and dis-
bursed. To which add, that in converting Trea-
sury notes into loans or stocks, it would give to the
former a shape in which it would become a com-
modity having a demand in the foreign market, in-
stead of having it confined to our own couniry, so
long as it continuad in the original form, and would
thereby enable its holders to acquire the means of
putting and continuing the Bank in operation.
But why all these sacrifices, amounting, he
might safely say, to nvllions m this single transac-
tion in tavor of bank brokers and stockjobbers.
How is it to be explained? If this body, instead of
being a Senate of the United Stares, was a deputa-
tion trom Wall street, sent here to arrange the
details oí the measure, we would not be at any loss
to understand why they are ananged as they are.
They are all contrived in the best manner to suit
their interés?, without apparently any regard to the
interest-; of the Government. But we are not
such a deputation. We are the representatives of
the iweniy-sixsovereign States of the Union, en-
trusted with hiph powers to be used for their
benefit, and to watch over and guard their inte-
rests; and what justificatien can we offer in thus
sacrificing, without compensation, the interests of
those we were sent here to represent? We h:,ve
not the excuse of saying that they were overlooked,
in almost every instance of sacrifice which I have
pointed out, amendment were offered with a view
of protecting the public interest, which, after full
discussion, waking manifest the sacrifice of the
public interest, were voted down by a united and
steady majority.
With ail these advantages and great saving in
favor of Tieasury notes, why not use them in pre-
ference to loans? Eut one objection has been
urged—that there is so great a facility in their use,
that the Government will be tempted to plunge
de«ply into debt, unless disused. And from whom
does this objection come? From the party who, if
they do not think that a public debt is a public
blessing, show clearly by their acts and their de-
clarations, that they regard it as no great evil. As
to his part, he wished to speak with perfect can-
dor: he would admit that, to a certain extent, there
was a facility in the Treasury note-', which might,
to a limited extent, tempt to incur debts. The
limits were «arrow. The embarrassment to the
Treasury, of which we heard so much in this de-
bate, must always prevent an excessive issue. It
was like an individual using his notes  of hand,
having a short date to run, to meet his engage-
ments. The return on him would soon embarrass
him; to avoid which, and to enable him to plunge
more deeply in debt, the resort on the part of
the thoughtleis was most usually to a mort-
gage. Such, he apprehended, was the case
m the present instance; for what was a permanent
loan, but a mortgage upon the wealth and industry
of the country? It was the only form of indebted-
ness, as experience has shown, by which heavy
and durable incumbrance could be laid upon the
community.
But there is another and decisive reason, why
there is no reason to. fear .that a large and perma-
nent debt will ever be contracted in the form of
Treasury notes. The banks, which constitute by
far .he most influential interest in the community,
are hostile to their circulation. They regard them
as formidable competitors to the circulation, of their
own notes, from which they derive so large a share
of their profits, and hence have ever thrown their
whole weight against them, as was witnessed dur-
ing the late war and since the present suspension.
Very different are their feelings towards loans and
stocks. Instead of viewing them with a jealous feel-
ing of rivalry, they regard them as the safest and
most acceptable source of profit, and are ihe fore-
most on every emergency like the present, to urge
the Government to resort to them as the best means
of relief from its pecuniary embarrassment.
Break all connection with the banks—neither
receive not pay away their notes, nor use them as
the depositories of your money, or as your fiscal
agents—take, in a word, such a step as will with-
draw their powerful influence in favor of public
loans, and there would scarcely be found an indivi-
dual, in a case like the present, who would prefer
them to Treasury notes. In fact, were it not for
banks and bank connection, the Government could
at all times use its own credit to supply a tempora-
ry deficit, many times greater than the present,
without the charge of a susle cent for interest.
What did the Sena'or who reported this measure,
and supports it so 2ealously, say, when some one
or two years since he denounced the Sub-Treafury,
because, according to his opinion, it would become
a fiscal Bank? He told us, and told us truly, if we
hud no banks, or connection with them, that the
credit of the Government alone, even with our li-
mited revenue, could keep in circulation forty mil-
lions of dollars, in the lorm of Treasury drafts,
which wouid be at par all over the Union. Yes,
sir, would be at par, without a cent of interest.
The demands of the Government for them in its
fiscal concerns, and that of the community in its
commercial and business transactions, would main-
tain them at par with gold and silver, as a medium
of circulaiion. But this great resource, which would
prove a substitute for loans, in the hour of difficul-
ty, is transferred to banks without compensation,
and lost to the community.
This brings me to another, and to me overpow-
ering objection, against supplying the defiett of the
Treasury in the mode proposed, to which I alluded
the other day in the discussion on the amendments.
We talk of loans as if we borrowed gold and sil-
ver. Under our Bank dynasty, that is all a mis-
take. It is nothing but an exchange of credit, and
when the Government is the borrower, it is little
short of a fraud on the community. What is it
but to give its credit, as. proposed in this bill, in
the form of a six per cent, stock, in exchange for
bank note?, (or worse, tor a credit on the books of
the banks,) bearing no interest, when in fact their
notes or credit are but little more than ihe credit of
the Government, that is, the community, in ano-
ther form. The Government, in a word, borrows
i| back its own cisdit, through the banks, at the
rate of six per cent, when it might use
it directly, with equal convenience, "for no-
thing at all. Thus thinking, I regard the who] 
amount of interest which may be paid for this loan,
and which, for three years, would be more than
two millions of dollars, to be but little more than a
donation to banks and brokers. No wonder, then,
that Wall street should shout and clap it hands for
joy, on its passage through the other House. Not
at all surprising is it that it fhould regard it as a
good omen, that the Bank, and the whole baten of
