JuIy> iMíi________                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________                      Uf
87th Cong....1st Sess.________________________Loan Bill—Mr. Woodbury.                                                                     Senate.
tracted by the Government creates, a necessity for
increased tariff duties I cannot, therefore, resist
the conclusion that this loan bill is part of ih«
system of measures which looks first to ihe crea-
t ion of a public debt, and finally to a high tariff
policy.
If I could have doubted on th s subject, I could
•doubt no longer when I «ee that alreaay a tariff
bill has been brought forward in the House of Re-
resentattves—a tariff bill which imposes new and
additional duties on articles heretofore free, to the
amount of twenty per cent. Prom the tariff, as it
will stand under that bill, we have just been told
by the Senator from South Carolina [Mr Cal-
houn] that the atount of revenue from customs
will be twenty-five milhors annual!) This, sir,
is the tariff bill upon luxuries about which we
heard so much last summer L that bill confined
to a tax on luxuries—on silks and wine1-? No,
sir, tea and coffee, articles which we have the high-
est authority tor pronouncing necessaries, are also
taxed twenty per cent, by the new tariff bill
Tae idea of taxing luxuries, Mr President, has
been pressed earnestly upon the country of late by
those who advocate the distribution bill. Th" im-
pression has even been made in some placs that
the Democrats ate responsible for not taxing silks,
wine", and other luxuries
The truth is, sir, that the policy of admitting
luxuriss free of tax belongs to the American sys-
tem men. In the celebrated debate in the Senate
iq 1832 betweep ihe lamented Gen. Hayne and the
Senator from Ken'ucky, [Mr. Clay ] a debate
which was marked by uncommon ability on both
sides, the former insisted upon the taxing of !uxu
nes, whilst the latter resisted it upon the ground
that they did not come into competition wuh our
own productions or manufactures Tor mjbelf,
sir, I have always regarded the clamor about tax
ing luxuri b as a mere pretext upon wt-ichp"lit-
cat capital was to be made. It has served its pur-
pose, and now, when we have the reality present-
ed, we find thai coffee and tea are amongst the
luxuues which are to be taxed But, sir, ihe new
tariff system will not end wuh coffee and tea As
the public debt increases, and the public expendi-
tures swell, we shall see new tariffs extending to
the other necessaries of life.
I do not intend, Mr President, to discuss the
tariff question, but I must be allowed to prote t
against any increase ot the tariff wh'ch will cre-
a e more revenue than will b3 sufficient for an
economical Administration of the 05 ivernment.
To go beyond this limit is to do injjVice to some
sections of the country I cannot but regard our
fiscal system as unequal in its operation, not only
m the collection, but especially m ihe disbb,rse-
meat of the revenue Even if the taxes fill equal-
ly upon every portion of the Union, m proporiion
to the consumption of imported or protected arti-
cles, still the disbursement of the money so col-
lected, necessarily operates unequally and unjustly.
This is unavoidable in our country, embracing so
much territory and so many diversified interests
But I am not to be understood as uttering any
complaints against our system ot Government,
because of the unequality ot our fiscal opera-
tion. I allude to it because it furnishes the strong-
est argument against increasing the tariff, so as to
raise any more money than is necessary to an
economical Government To that extent we will
cheerfully submit, unequal as we regard the opera-
tion of the system, but beyond that point we wll
complain
Let me, Mr President, illustrate my meaning
as to the inequality of the fiscal system by reference
to my own Siate. It twenty millions are collecied
by a tariff, the State of Tennessee will consume
one-twentieth of the articles, that being the pro
portion of her population Of coarse her people
ot Tennessee will pay one million of dollars' an
amount more than five time as great as the people
piy to support their State Government' Now, sir, if
this million of dollars, after being collected from the
people of Tennessee, was disbursed amongst them,
althou h it would change hands, the aggregate
wealth of the State would remain th  same. But
how stands the fact? I doubt v, hether there is a
State in the Union in which a less amount of the
revenue is expended, than in Tenne see I have
no idea that half a mil'iin is annually d sbured in
that S'ate, but if We put it down at half a million,
it is clear the otlur half million has been drawn
from the S ate, and carried to some other portion,
and there expended. By the operation, Tennessee
loses annually half a nvthon oi dollar , whilst the
same i* gained by some other portion of the coun-
try How important, then, to the people of Ten
nessee, that the amount of revenue collected by ta-
riff duties, shotld be kept down to ihe economical
wan's of the Government
But, Mr Present, (here is s>'iil one other mea-
sme necessary to the successful operation of this
grand s-ysie-n—a National Bank Tnat is *o be
the head of the sjstem, to svptam it, and keep it m
opera ion. Without the B-ink, the high tariff cin-
not contmu  with suecas Tne Bank will have
the use of the money collected b? the tariff. Tney
are, therefore, mutually to aid and assist each
other.
It is obvious, then, to my mind, Mr. President,
that this loan bill is intimately connected wah that
system of measures to which I have referred—that
it is one of that sjstem of measures—to vote for it
would be to aid the fnuids of that system I shall,
thcrtfo-e, withhold my assent from this proposi-
tion, an} leave it to be passed by thoi-e who are in
favor of the system oí measures of wh>ch it is. a
component part
Mr WOODBURY said he lose only to a single
point for a few momerts
On Saturday he h?d explained hi-, obiections to
the amount of the lean. Because n was eiiaer in-
tended to cover the apprehended wan s of anothT
year, and therefore -i violanon of the great consti
mtional prncipleof lib rty not to vote suDpl ps
b yond the vet, or it was intended to grart cU uble
the amount leally needed for 1841. He had then
observed, that if the sum was redu-e l ti «nal
might be really needed, till Congressfraet again in
December, rather than allow ihe public credit to
buffer, he would vote the loan. He wou'd do this-,
too though he had strong objections to its form.
These objections were, that this occasion was
one of a sudden exigency, that ought, as we were
pbout revising the tariff, to be met permanently by
a due increase of duties That a temporary loan
for only six months, or a year, was theproperEe-
m^dy, intime ot peace, till tne new tariff could
be prepared, and begin it* operations Tiat Trea-
sury  ¡oles were much ihe most approprnte fo'm
for such a loan, both on account of their greater
convenience in fiscal as we 1 as eomme'cial ope
rations, and on account of th u much greater eco-
nomy, so a-= to save m th s ca'e alone quite a mil-
lion and a h?lf of dollars
If gentfem°n would indulge hm m a few words
more, he would endeavor to demonsrate both of
the e general positi ns and tnus show that much
sute anee was mvolvtd in this que tion, thou,h
appaimtly, at first, one of mere form only
In the fiM place,Trca ury noies possessed great
public conveniente, from ihe ci cumstarce ihat
ihey could be used more piompily m point of lime,
t lan a funded debt, and mor-? readily in lesoert to
suitable amount. Not a day'-, delay is required
no v to issue suci a note—while an agent ib pi o
vid'd for this bill, and a voyage aeros3 the Atlar-
tie may be necessary befoie electing p Icn A
no*e, too, caí be made in any amount Jcsirod for
any particular occasion or pajripnt, while a loan
by scrip for a funded d bt is usually in large
sums
Again,Treasury notes when issued in exchange
for mon«y, ¿dimite 1 small cipi alists and ill ihe
middling classes, even meceam s and labo'er ,
to participate m any privileges or advantages con-
nected wnh the loan Any of these persons how-
ever humble, would take to tne amounts of only fifty
or five hundred dollars, as the r frugal savirg
might jus lfy, or ai ¡heir deslíe m ght lead them
to aid the Government more or le s when eubar-
iissed But a funded debt was confined to laige
capitalists and corporations in large sums
Beside thi , Treasury notes weie exceedingly
convenient to the community to use, for large
commercial exchanges and remiitan'-es to a dis
tance, as well as  for sound publ'c payments for
lands and dunes in these days of suspended banks.
Vast benefits bad accrued to the people in the
West, Southwest, and South more especially, by
thnr use of these notes during the last four years.
It was a et led conviction, also, m tne most en-
lightened Governments abroad, such as Prance
and England, that their usa-on occasions like this
was most ¡ dvantageous both to the Government
and the community This had led to the employ-
ment of exchequer bills, which were the same m
substance, for more than a century in England—
to bom royaux in France ©/ a like character—and,
unied with our own experience, had convinced
such eminent fit angers as Mr. Gallatin and Mr.
Crawfoid, that they wee expedient for adoption
here in case? like the present. He had read the
passage on a formsr occasion to that effect from
Mr Gailatn's recent essay, and he would now
read a passage from Mr. Crawford's annual re-
port on the finances in 1819, to the like effect.
[Mr Woodury here read it ]
In the second place, Treasury notes were far
more economical than a funded dtbt. O'te reason
for this, was that so strongly put to the Senate this
morning by his distinguished friend from South
Carolina [Mr Calhoun ] It was, that two per
cent at least was saved in interest, because the
notes were often issued bearing only two per cent,
and formerly only two mills interest—(some being
necessary under the act ) Many of tbose notes
were still afloat, bcanng now no interest whatever.
Eren at this moment the Secretary is at times is-
suing some at only two per cent Here is before
me a long exhibit in a document of this session, of
such notes. Oih"rs bear only five and two-fifths
pel cent interest, anl hence the average
ought to be two per cent 1 wer than a loan at
six per cent, to which th<* interest in this bill has
betn raised frim five ptr o nt d tulle s under a
conviction that tin1 money could not be obtamrd at
a mucn lower rati than six. The notes, instead of
the stock, would then save to the Treasury yearly,
in this particular alone, the whole two hundred
and forty thousand dollars computed by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina. They would also save
quite as much as half that amount yearly by not
being issued and put on interest till the money was
actua'ly needed, and by being then issued in only
the amounts immediately wanted, instead of the
muc'i larger sums which would happen under the
lundins; system, and parts of tbem diaw interest,
and still he id'e several mi tuns This would make,
as thit Senator justly sjpioscs, one hundred and
twenty thousand t o'lars more annually Bat even
his astute intellect has overlooked another very
large saving bv the use of Treasury njtes, instead
of a funded debt
Thus the Secretary of the Treasury, in h s report
at the begint-ing of lh¿ ses lop, says, page 4 h.
Wl lie the r wu io issue Tteahuiy notei exists there
hi 11 be at i !Yi(s í >r tht convtti once of the Tredsury a
bunicjnUo i- nillion dot us in the van us depo Hones
¡subject to tia E WHt-ilhatpowel i expended U e uinsUouid
be i loieased t   lytle^thd   I til million do'taid
Hence i admitted, by 'he ofiie al organ on the
finances, ,r^i the use of Treasary notes will save
ihe. ecssit^ of borrowing on interest, to keep on
hand a ba mce or suip'us, quite three millions
o' dollars, and will thus *ave the merest on that
sum, wh ch is vearly rne hundred and eighty thou-
sand dollar
The aggregate of thes" three items, which might
thus be saved, is five hundreu and forty thousand
dollars yearly, or an amount equal to the whele
expenses ot some snort spsmou of Congress, and
( oable all eur dipWatic expenses in foreign coun-
try- These savings by Treasury notes would
arotuit, m the three years provided m this bill, to
more than a million and a half ot do lars, and
yo . cause, sir, ihe enormous loss, by resortim  to a
funde! debt, of more than a m Ilion and a half of
dollars
Besides ibis, an agent is by this bill to be ap-
pointed and paid a large compensation for making
the loan__seme politicalfavonfe to be rewarded—
when in the issuing of all the Treasury notes since
1837, not a dollar has been paid for agents, either as
salary, as wage*, or commissions
Combining, then, as Treasury notes do, all these
public and commercial conveniences, as well «s
