APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cong. .. 1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
these immense pecuniary savings, it seems difficult
to imagine why ihe present system is resorted to
on this occasion, unless from unfounded prejudices
against Treasury notes, or a design which I cannot
charitably impute. Can that design be to make a
new office, m the agent of the loan, for some noisy
partisan, as well as to throw the privileges of the
loan into the bands of some large capitalists and
corporations friendly to the powers that be, rather
than to allow, as in the Treasury notes, the labor-
ing classes, and the humble but industrious portion
of the community, to partake in the advantages
of itl
The only objections which have been specified
by the chairman, are the supposed unpopularity of
Treasury notes, and the uncertainty as to the
amount outstanding on any particular day.
Now, as to the first circumstance, which, if true,
is, I believe, chiefly confined to the banks and their
advocates, who suppose that Treasury notes trench
somewhat, in their u«e, on the limiis of their paper
domain, I should think that the Senator from
Kentucky was the last man to advocate the rejec-
tion of what was right, useful, and economical,
merely because it happened, for a moment, in our
fickle form of Government, and in Ihe sudden vi-
brations of public opinion, to be a little unpopular
with a portion of ihe community. He had seen and
known unpopularity, for a time, caused so often by
the mischievous cry of mad di g—tor mere party
purposes—that it was one of the last arguments, to
be used against any measure by a real statesman.
In respect to the other objection, it was founded
m error entirely. The whole amount of Treasury
notes that had been issued on a particular day could
always be ascertained, with as much certainly as
the amount of certificates tor a funded debt Th y
were all recorded with care—so were all those re-
turned as redeemed. The only possib'e doubt was
as to small amounts in the hands <>f agents redeem-
ed, but the returns of which bad not yet reached
the Department. These amounted generally to
only a few thousand dollars, and the delay of a lew
days, or even weeks, in getting their exact amount,
created no material inconvenience, caused no pub-
lic risk or injury, and occurred in the same way m
respect to the certificates of stock, as soon as your
agents began to redeem them.
It had, to be suie, been observed by another gen-
tleman, that the facilities and advantages in
using Treasury no'es might sometimes lead to
larger issues of them than was piudent. But be-
side the checks on that in Congress, and in the
public wants after being duly supplied—to which
the Senator from South Carolina so justly alluded—
it would be novel to oppose a measu c, adopted
for public convenience, on th* giound that it was
too convenient Moreover, an effectual restraint
on any over issues of these notes by Evecu ive
agents, was the absolute 'irmt on the whole amount
imposed by Congress, and the pbsolute inability to
use them legally to any extent not required to help
to discharge previous appropriations, which had
been parsed with caution as to their amount and
"villi full deliberation, as to their necessity for the
• ipenditure.
Mr. CLAY said there bad been a very mournful
obituary not ct by the Sena 01 from New Ham r shire
[Mr. Woidbury] m favor of an old friend, that
had so often re leved him in times, of embarras.-
ment, and he real.y felt sorry to disturb the so-
lemnity of the Senator's thougats on so mourntul
an occasion, but he n¡ustsay a word or two He
thought, from the earnestness of the appeal to let
the bill lie over, that it was with the express un
dersiandtng that there was to be a singl  sjeech
only, and then ihe question to have been immedi-
ately taken aftet that speech; but, invteadof one,
there had already been thrte, and how many more,
nous verrón* Hew uldstat. for the sake o' tae
Senator from Tennessee «bat, 'n=tt<id ot twelve
millions, tney ought to '■ive gone uo to
fourteen. There were ten millions of Trea
sury notes out, whieh was the debt of the
last Admimstrat on. You authorize it, (said
Mr. C ;) it was your financial operation, that
at least would not be contradicted. Now how was
it to be paid? Euher by absorption or by the mode
recommended in the bill before them.   If ¡he in-
crease of the revenue was adequate, men that
mode of absorbing the notes might do very well,
but what was the fact? Did not all know that the
revenue was daily decreasing, and in a little while
there would be a deficit of at least five millions
more? It was clear, then, that thf.se notes would
not be paid out of the revenue. How were they
to be paid? We propose (said Mr. C ) to pay this
debt of the last Administration in the good old-
fashioned form—by a bond. And was not that
the best way? It must either be so don«,
-or by the issue of more Treasury notes—i mode
which he could show was more inexpedient or
more onerous than an i other form that could be
adopted. There seemed on the other side a deter-
mined, a fixed opposition to paying the debts of the r
own contracting. What had astonished more htm
than any thing else was, the principle openk avow-
ed by a leader, if not leaders of the party, tint they
would sloo the supplies ot Government • Now, let
us look what would be ihe resalts from the adop-
tion of such a system. The credit of th™ country
destrojed, her honor blighted, her fame tarnished,
the Government itself dissolved ' All these evils
would occur to arrest this Republic in its onward
and glorious march to pre eminence. And by
« horn «as this to be effected? By the very creators
of this debt' I call (ssid Mr. C.) on the Senate
and the country to witness mat this principle has
been avowed without ablush oy the representatives
of the honor and interests of this Republic—senti-
ments which I have never lis ened to smce that
fierce opposition during thelaft war, when not only
did they vote pgainst the raising of men, but <f
supplier
Mr C4.LH0UN said he presumed he was not
m error m app'ymg to him-elf ¡he do ing remarks
ot the Senator from Ken'ucky. It was an axiom
that when the premises are wrong, it is unneces'a-
ry to answer the argument. Now he (V.i Cal-
houn had n t stated the proposition with the
broadness assumed by the S-uator f-om Kentucky
He said lit was not one of those who, if a ca«e t f
nece si y was made out, would ftel himself bound
to vote the supplies to cover a deficiency in the
Treasury, without investigating the causes of the
deficiency, and that he regarded it not only as a
right, but as a dn.y, bsfore votir-g supplies, to scru-
tinize with the utmost caution into the necess^y of
granting them, and then to grant with extreme
moderation, after we are satisfied of the neces-
sity. This in a time of peace; but m a Ttime
of war his rale of action was a diffeient one. -He
held that to stop the supplies in time of war to
compel the country to make peace, was not only
moral treason, as it bad been termed, bat actual
treason. That was what he said, and could the
Senator controvert it? He deslíe 1 that when the
Senaarfrom Kentucky attempted to answer his
argument, he would state it with the qualifications
ami limitations viih which it was. given.
Mr. WOODBURY, in answer to Mr, Clay, re-
marked as follows
II, "ir, 1 have pronouncd a eulogy on a de-
ceased friend, m commending Treasu'j notes for
use m temporaiy exigencies, it has been a eulocy
on a friend that richly deserved it—a friend that
has proved useful to the country in the most try-
ing times, and saved millions to the Treasury and
the community
The debt to which th® Senator from Kentucky
refers as crea'ed by the past Administration, was
causen b/ Coiirre-s, and not that Admin.stration.
But, on iha conirarj,, the necessity for it was re-
sisted by th?t Ahu nisiration, by resisting such
large appropriations, over thi'ty millions of which,
beyond f-eir annual estimates, were, in only tuo
years,imposed on them, as expía tied on Saturday
La g> pottion* of these were not n°eesspry, Aid to
meet sufh unnecessary expenses lather than toW'he
public faith be violated, tb.es  notes became proper
But had Ci ngres* only stopped those uncalled for
burthens, or stopped-—as ag^ia and again desired
by tae D*partment and the Piesident—other large
drams on the Treasury, caused by new judicial de-
cisions on the tariff, and enormous drawbacks,
eve-y dollar of the outstanding Treasury notes
would have been ext ngmshed ere tii,, and no
more be now rendered expedient.   The then Oppo-
sition voted almost in mass for, and proposed most
of these adthtwnal expenses The Senator erred
much in calling the amount of notes now out ten
millions, as did the Senator from Maine in making
a like mistake on Saturday. It was only eight mil
lions and a fraction, and at the close of this year,
could not probably exceed from five to six mil-
lions at the utmost.
Gentlemen forgot, thatiy issuing new notes, old
ones are usually redeemed, either in part or in full,
to the amount rewly issued, and that thus, though
the past Administration had been taunted with the
issue of thirty or forty millions of those notes since
1837, yet the temporary debt created by them at
any one time, had seldom equalled ten millions,
had often been less than halt of it, and never ex-
ceeded it
Had ihe usual course of expenditure bean adopt-
ed since the 4'b of March last, and no extra session
been called, the notes now out would not have
equalled more than six millions and a fraction, and
. none of them would have fallen due till next year,
which could not have been promptly redeemed.
Mr. CLAY.    Who created this debt?
Mr. WOODBURY said. You ask me who
created this debt? Congress created it. To
be sure, some of it was under the past Ad.
ministration, but not by its wish. A debt would
happen under obligations imposed by Con-
gress, which might next year be four or five
millions, as the levenue increased or diminished
the next six months, but which, ratead of being ten
or twelve millions, coald not exceed from five to
six, ps that was t'ie whole amount of Treasury
noies likely and competent by hw to be then out.
The chairman further asks, why were not these
extra appropriations prevented by an Executive
veto, if they were not acceptable to the Administra-
tion? What' a veto on mere grounds of expedi-
ency, urged by those who have complained of it,
even when used only on grounds of unconstitu-
tional? Will the gentleman tr-ke the responsi-
bility to advise and recommend Executive vetoes
m future, whenever the President doubts the expe-
diercy of «n a, propnation, or tomks it too high,
though perfeciy constitutional?
Afier the criminations and denunciations on this
point from certsm juaners during the last twelve
year , we will soon see how this is We will see
how the question is answered in practice.
Mr. CLAY would say a single word. It seem-
ed, then, that the extravagance of the late Ad-
ministration was% no longer controverted It was
admitted that it was an extravagant one, and had
spent all it could lay its hands on, but then it was
not to blame. The rght honorab'e chancellor of
the exchf qur r had not done this. Oh no' It was
Congress, forsooth. It was Congress that excited
all this extravagance—Congress, thatdid not chooss
to surrender itself to the Executive branch, but
made its appropna'ions under its own sense of
nhat «as right, and therefore the Executive was
not to blame for exiravaga. ce He thought, when
the Senator from New Hamp,hire quit the
other end of the Avenue and cafe to this, he
souid have entertained a very different feel-
ing It appealed now that the late party was cut
into two moieties—one legislative the other execu-
tive—andeicti censuring ihe other. Don't reproach
us, (=ay the gen emeu,) it was Congress Don't
reproach Mr Van Buten. Djn't reproach Mr.
Secretary. What an admi sion'  ail Mr. C Why
you ought to bf ashamed of your-elves' Tnis Ad-
ministration will never oiier so mean and ^uulkiug
a defence. If th se appropriations had been so
loosely and vagaely made, ha i the President not
the veto power' Why did >ou not rally and arrest
this extravagance? The jjent'eman now seems
disponed to aton tor th  =m oi extravagance in the
la-t 4dirinis.raiion oy ¿pprcpria ing nothing at all
for the present one, not even enough to pay his own
d bts He app al d to the Senator from New
Hampshire to «o along with them They could
not pay the debt by issuing more notes, but they
desired to pay his d bt in the old-fashioned way,
and take it up; and he could not but indulge the
hope that, upon a reconsideration of the matter,
the Senator would do so.
Mr. WOODBURY.   I rise to answer a personal
