July, 1841.
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S1
Loan Bill—Mr, Benton.
Senate.
millions snore than wi ha?e (proved to be needed,
exclusive of the new appropriations which cannot
be expended during the year, that, in Act, the
principal part of this 'oan is to supply the place of
fie land revenue, which is te go, nominally, to the
States, but in reality to British capitalists, and al-
so to furnish indirect capital to the new Bank. I
repeat none of the=e things, not even my own mo-
tion to defer the borrowing of the two million*;,
(part and parcel of the twelve,) which is to lie in
the Treasury, that is to say, in the Bank, as a re-
served fund, to meet contingencies and accidents,
which may never happen, aT d which it will be
time enough to borrow money for when iney actu-
ally occur. I showed oa Saturday that it was
cheaper and safer for the Government to permit
these two millions to remain wah the lenders until
we need them, which may never be I offered an
amendment to defer the execution of so much of
the bill as went to crea*  this reserved fand. My
amendment was rejected all our amendment
were rejected. Nothing stuck but our aigu-
ments, and they will go to the country, and
will prove to the people that Federalism, in
1841, is the s?me that it was in 1798—an
extravagant, wasteful, tax laving, money borrow-
ing, revenue consuming animal, and that to go to
taxmg the people when they get into power, is
justas natural as it is for young ducks to go to
swimming, or for old foxes to go to eating chick-
ens. They mast tax, and borrow. They cannot
help it. The bill will pass. It is for twelve mil-
lions, and tor three years, the interest six per cent.,
at firs' it was for eight years, but the Democratic
opposition reduced it to three, whieh is as long,
in all probability, as the Federal p>>ty wil' re-
main mpowe Adding m'o't t o principal, a id
this loan will he tour cen millio ts one nundred
and sixty thousand dcihr  Taat is the sum
which the Groiemmem wi 1 pay to the lenders, but
it is not the sum which tne people will pay to the
Government on acco'iot of the loan They will
pay at least ten p-i cent more; for the handlers cf
the money must al! be paid. The tax gatherers
who collect it—those who keep it—those who pay
it—all must be paid, and then allowance must be
made besides for accidents rind losses from de
faults. Assume ten p^r centum for tnose inciden-
tal expenses, and you have one million four hun-
dred thousand dollars more to be added to
the burthens of the people on account of this
loan. Thus, to obtain twehe millions for the
government, a burthens of fifteen millions five
hundred and sixty thousand dollars, is imposed up-
on in* peopie. Such is the fruit o£ borrowing 'an
insidious and minous proces , buth to individuals
and to nat'ois '    So, set it dov/n at $15,560,000.
Tne r"-i*-suab 1 ty cf above six millions of
Treasury no e>, <h ch the act of March permits,
and which the dominant party utterly refuse to give
up, is another prov si.n for borrowing money to
that amount Wnen it was seen that the loan
bill, in providing for a direct loan of twelve
millions, did not repeal the re-issuability of the
six millions of these no es which may lawfully
be re-issoed during the who e year, constituting an
indirect loan to this amount; whea this was s.een,
and ihe Senator from Arkansas [Vlr. S evierJ was
the first to alcove- i', the omission to ma«e the
repeal was looked upon as an oversight—a mere
inadvertence—and an amendment «as immedi-
ately offered to cu-e the aefect. What was our
astonishment to hear it avowed from the other
side that this om ssicn was no m s'ake' that the re-
íssuability of the r not"? was adh°red to on pur-
pose' and that they meant f- retail th  pnv -
lege but did net mean to re-is i   tee n itei' Th s
siDgu ar avowal produced the .i i ¿n?nt and burn.
mg denunciations ?nd remon , raices pt Ihe Sena-
tors from New York and P nnsy t \ na [Me' r>
Wright and Bu havan] «< uc.i electrified tins
chamber on Satu'day e/ening. It brought many
Senators to their «tu it filled us ad with amaze-
ment. We demonstra! d 'o them that this omis-
sion made the loan eighteen millions instead of
twelve: that it took us all hy surprise, ana we be-
sought and obteited toem to give it up. All to no
purpose. They declared the Administration would
not use it, and begged us to have confidence.   We
replied that it xas j ca^e for law, and no> for cnn-
i ence, and adhered to our motion The ques-
tio i was taben, and we lost it—taken in quasi i o i -
mittee, m a Us. Then we took it again m Se-
nate, and los-t it a seccnl time, each time on yeas
and uajs The new Adnimiitra'ion, thei, retains
the power of re issuing these six millions: they
retain ¡he po ?er of effecting an indirect loan
to that amount, and, therefore, we charge trum
with it So set down six millions ontnathead.
If they oojec o tin , let them now agree to the
repeal, and I will expunge the charge Let them
speak out nov/ and stop ¡he charge. I pause for a
reply. (Aficr waiting some instant , and no one
speaking,) Mr B. said- The propositio ¡ is not ac-
cepted, '.he repeal is not agreed to, an i tne chaige
stands This is six mil'ions more, and the inte-
rest upon, it at five per centum is three hundred
thousand dollars.   Set it down, #6,300,000.
The next effort of the new administrators to pro-
vide additional means for themselves, is the new
friff bill which is already on its passage in the
House of Representatives, and which is to impose
twenty per centum ad valorem on all goods now
free of duty, and to raise to twenty per centum all
duties now below that amount. No' satisfied with
the direct ban ot twelve millions, and the indirect
one of six millions in the reissuabihty of redeemed
Treasury note--; net content with these iwo loans,
these economical men go to work to impose a new
lanff, and to levy dunes on near sixty millions of
goods, either iree at this time, or paying >he mode-
rate duties of 5, or 10, or I5 tier centum. This
new tariff bill is to impose twenty per centum on
all such article Th's will p^obibl ■ ncld the
Fi e aboui twelve r^illio" of dollars, but that is
far fr n b  n? the su i w'i „n the p onle will pay.
T íe v. boles de i v ham who advance ■> i ie d>.t> to
li'e Government, wui have his profit upon it
E/ery intermediate seikr—every retail dealer—
wi'l also have hit profif, and the tax go on increas-
ing until the article reasres the hands of the con-
sumer. The officer-, who collect the duty will have
their compensation, and, m addition to all thi->,
under the ad valorem system, wh ch is thus to be
rendered nm/er^al, numerous irauds will be prac-
tised up )n the Governt-ient and upon the commu-
nity. These items will mevi'ably aid fifty per
cent to the fluty, that is to say, they will raise a
duty of twenty per cent, to at least thirty, and will
raise the fourteen milhurs wh'ch the G vernment
receives to atl^ast eighteen, which the people have
to pay, to say nothing of the incidental  rjury to
their foreign trade. So, set this item down at
$18 000,000.
Sir, I do not go into the merits of this new tariff
bill; it ¡s not yet before the Senate, and it would be
irregular to discuss its provisions or its character
while before the other House. It ts fan, however,
to notice it among the measures of the session, and
to consider it as a part of the burthens which the
new Administration have brought upon the people,
or attempted to bung upon ¡«era. A new tanff, so
unexpectedly brought forward, and "o "weeping
and universal in ,ts app ¡cation' Eveiy thing
taxed'—no hmg spared—not even the necessaries
oí Ufe—and ihe rule ef fi.it> ye-rs overborne at
once, by rhich a discrimmatio i had been made
between luxuries and necessa'ic*, ard g'&üu.ned
duties h_d been inipos-d, decerning ihup li the
reduce}--cale of fif' >. i pei centum i n per Centura,,
and five per cenum, and term nating with ? goodly
list of artilles entirely frte. 'Ihis ¡as becü ihe
policy fer fitly >e -s—e rer since In nist tauff ?ct
was passed, in 1789 Kow all thr   to be re-
versed Every tn ng i to be taxed—no hmg
spared. Tea ¿nd ccfhe, now free, ate to b" ¡Ljb-
jected to duty, sugar , "d 11, i oa' la\ d,are ti re-
main so But st pi Imisi^ke' Idi ne-i-" hor jrr-
D'e Men wrong' Thev Ho nat qjite Ut evp \
thing. Thcv i<.a'e scnti&ng T cy hc\r, m
fdC, made a selection tf ariclc5 vthtch aie to ^e
exempt from the ope^at'on of their bil, ar^ thai I
may do exac j urice—reps r the wiong whicn I
have done—and omit no sjmpiom of their benevo-
lence to the people, I will lead the list of the fa
vored artistes as they appear m tne first section of
the bill.   Listen to if
"Except on the following enumeiatej ameles, that is to lay
muna ie and, -julphuric acid or oil of viinol, alum, tártano
aci 1, iquaf una blue viunl, calomel, carbonate of soda, corro-
sive sublímate com y, copper is gold, and silver, and other
Watches, and|Hi^cf watches gold andsilvei ¡aceembroidery,
and all articles comp^ed wholly or chiefly of gold or sliver 
gems and precom stones and pearls of all kmda when set,
jewelry, nitrate of lead, read and w hue lead ground in oil, ausar
of lead, manganese, sulphate of magneoia, bichromate of pot-
ash, chromate of poiash, prttosiate of potash, glauber salts, ro-
chelle salts, sulphate of quinine, refined saltpetre"
This, sir, continued Mr. B. is the list of favored
articles! This is the love of the new powers for
the people' t'ns the relief which we Gome here to
grant! this tie mode oí relieving the national dis-
tress for vthtch this portentous session was con-
voked! Fouy jl 'icles exempted from the new ta-
riff, and not one among them for which the pro-
ducing classes wou d give a straw. Poison, phy-
sic, gewgaws, jewellery, make up the important
list.
Is not this new tariff bill, especially after the
loan bills, an oppression upon the country? Is not
this list of excepted articles an insult to the people?
Do the people know what we are about? That
taxing and borrowing is our main occupation, and
that this short session is rapidly earning for itself a
complete title to th« execrations of every patriot
heart. But I forbear, and will only assure the
people of two things in relation to this new tariff;
first, that if the Democracy had continued m.
power, there would have been no tariff bill of any
kind at this time; secondly, that when such a bill
did come, the necessaries and comforts of life, in-
stead of bearing the burthen of taxation, would
have been the iavored and excepted articles.
The next provision which these economical gen-
tlemen make tor themselves, is in the loans which
are proposed for building up their Bank. The
State? h ve had such fine luck m going to Europe
and borrowing nuney to establish banks upon, that
we must try -he same experiment. No matter for
our poor Constitution, wh ch never dreamed of
borrowing money to bank upon; ho matter for the
lessons of political economy, which condemns all
bankmg bottomed on borrowed money; no matter
for the exper ence of the age; oar new administra-
tors must v rop, and they must bank: and for this
purpose we i l ihree entpfca n th ir new bnoks
first, a loan of ten millions for the first sub crption
to the capital, on tv/caty years' time, at five per
cent, interest This makes the interest equal to the
principal, to w*t twenty millions, and allowing
ten per cent, for tbe incidental expenses of
collecting that «urn from the people, the bur-
den imposed upon them by tins first loan is
twenty-two millions of dollars; secondly, the
United States is to take the third part of the twenty
millions increased capital wl en raised to fifty mil-
lion , (which will soon be,) and to raise it by loan
on the same terms, and for the same time. This
would be six millions and two-thirds for the prin-
cipal, Ihe same forme interest, and ten ptr cent,
for incidental expense*; in all, §14,333 333^.
In the ihvrd place, the X3nued States are lo tak* the
one-third of the thirty-three and one third millions
seserved for private stockholders, if not taken by
them in three mon hs after opening the books. That
it will not be taken, is certain. Europeans will be
shy of a Un.ted Sta'es Bank, after the infamous
manner ln which they have been defrauded by the
late Bank oui some o nets- The idea of the RE-
PEAXi v-ú k ep off a x ie 1 capitalists Jobbers,
speculator--, «it dgambl ^ vtid take a little, 1.1 order
to get th^ privilege of he png themselve to rajen,
ou  of the pubbc funUui the bank. They will
put ¡n thou and", in older to take out millions, and
thus thio coi tuijeat sub onpt on will fi'l upon the
linit d StVfco, and is to made up like the two
f rrorr, by borrowing for Wenty sears, at five per
centum m'erest The principal in this third sub-
jcr ition u>ay be eleven millions of dollars— ho
ite est de sam2—add ten per centum for incideii-
t al expends, in all $24,000,000.
The tnU'ity «inch the Government may b'uiow
to p"j up its three subscriptions to this ne'vungled
Fiscal BaJt, is twenty seven uu'buns and two-
thirds, devolving theieby a bu  nen upon the peo-
ple of more than double that amount. I kno-v tne
argument oí tnose who go for 'hese loans, and who
■ c insider it a great money-making business for the
Government to borrow irom the English at five per
cent, and to lend to its citizens at sur, Í know their
