July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13$
27th Cong-••• 1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
sents to the country    It i  the beginning only, and
from this beginning judge of the end.
Prominent m the foreground of this picture,
towering over the rest, and crowning the whole,
stands the great red harlot of Babylon, THE NA-
TIONAL BANK, waving her gilded sceptre, and
exulting in her triple character of political en-
gine, to crush Democracy; pecuniary engine, to
plunder the people; and Branch of thi, Bank
op England, to connect and subject oar moneyed
and political interests to ihe paper ohgaichy of
London. All th° rest are her offspring. That gi-
gantic beast btb for Milton's picture of Sin, m tbePa-
dise Lost—a monster, vast, fon), and hideous to
behold—the mother of monsters, hell hounds ken-
neling within her, creeping in and out, growling
and howling for their putrid prey. This extra ses-
sion of Congress, this rump Congress, was to place
this beast, and all her foul and ravenous brood, up-
on us, The Federalists, drank and mad wim un-
expected sucLe~s, rushtj to this hot and saltry ses-
sion, to fas ea all their odiou, measures upon us.
They came to agieat po'itical banquet, where joy
and triumph were to rti^n, but seem destined to
change ihe character of the entertainment, and
to give the world a new edition of the miaiortal
feast of the Lapithee and the Centaurs.
Tae ntw Secretary of the Treasary was put up-
on the hard duty—the ignoble tack—of discovering
the tx post Jacta reasons which were to excuse and
justity ton  pre-arda ned and execrable session. He
was to find reasons for this Federal 'usurpation
¡n ihe "misconduct and the Jollies, the debts and the
aliavagcmces," of the Democratic Administra-
tions. He drea ned he found them He sent them
id, struBg together m that report which the speeches
ot three Senators [Woodbury, Wright and Cal-
houn] ihatteied, smvered, and scattered like the
Paitnan bombs bpat mti a'oms the helple.s walls
of Beyrout, St Jean d'Aare and San Juau de UI-
lia Not a ves ige of the report remains; and of
all the Sccretaiy'i fn nds on this floor not one
stood up to defend him during that murderous
fire but (he Senator from Mame [Mr. Evans]
who-e coarage and skill, though great, and gene-
rously exerted, were wholly unequal to the dread-
ful occasion. The Secretary, h s report, hi  dis-
covers, and his imputations, and all his excuses
tor the called se sion, sunk m'o rubbish under the
hail-stone s orm of shot and wells which shsweied
upon hem, and now he m dust and a^hes upon the
floor of this chati b-r, the piiy of fu^nd-, the scorn
of foes.
Sir, tív poí tica! world is divided into two grand
divi-nons; those who believe ib the capacity of the
people for self go/ernment, hnd that they can be
governed by reason, and those who believe in
their incapacity, and that they can only be govern-
el by fraud oí torce Toe Democracy of the
United States belong to the former ot these grand
div sions, the Federalists to the latter, and eaea
practise upon their received and fundamental pun-
Ciple. The last election was a trial e-say between
the two parea,. Tne concurrence of many unax-
pected evuitsga/e the vie ory to the Federalists
and now the question with them is, to save by '
by foice whit was won by iraud. Hence this
ext-a session—hence these new rules—hence this
hurry ai d mpatience—hence this terror and a arm
at debate—bene  this cry tor action—hence all
ihe^e dreadful meas'UEs, moneyed and political,
which aie now thiust upon us These ¡strong
mea-arxs ate to >.ave the truits of v c ory, thev are
to ch<tiR and manacle the vanqui-hed. But, We do
not give «9 the ship ' One t efeat is not enough to
subdue tne brave We try it again. The coantry
is m a cnsis The cau^e of freedom is in danger.
A rtat politic-! ptoblem is to be solved—he pro-
blem of ,t,e capacity of the p-ople tor self-govern-
ment '   Their conduct is to give the answer.
The question was then taken on  the passage of
the bill, and resv-'ted—jeas23, nays 20.
SPEECH OF MR. DAVIS,
OF NEW YORK
In fhf House of RtprmnMim,My 3, 1841-Oa
the biii  to distribute the pioceeds of the public
Mr. DAVIS of New York said that he would
not have troubled the comrm tee v-Uh any remarks
on this bill, had not its subject been one on wh ch
he did not himself know what were the sentiments
of bis constituents, nor was he aware that his own
views had ever been communicated to them; no
circumstances in the late contest in his district had
led bim either to asceriatn their opinions or to ex-
press bis own. Wishing, however, to deal with
them on this subject, as on all others, with the
most perfect fairness and openness, he felt himself
bound to offer, in as brief a manner as possible,
some of the reasons which would govern his course
on the present occasion. Tnere were, he believed,
many gentlemen anxious to obtain the floor, who
were capable of going more fully into the deiails
of the subject, than he could pretend to do, and he
should willingly yield it to them fur tl at purpo e,
after be bad presented, m a rapid and cursory
manner, what he considered to be ihe general prin-
ciples involved in the bill As a new member, he
was fully aware that he might not claim much of
the attention of the House, and he therefore pre-
sented himself before the committee with the ut-
most diffidence He would, however, remark, that
the time occupied in the discussion of this impor-
tant measure, was by no means thrown away, as
he could say, for one, that he had derived much
advantage and instruction from the debates of the
week.
Turning then to the question before the commi'-
tee, let me first say a word or two in reply to the
charge advanced by the gentleman who has just
resumed his seat—that the late Administration had
tostered and extended the banking system
in tbi* country, all hough they had since denounced
i, as dangerous and ruinous t > the welfare and in-
terests of the people Without stopping to inquire
how far edh-r branch ot the accusation may be
correct, it is enough for us to say, that it tbe
Democratic party did aid in multiplying the banks,
they did so with the full co operation of their po-
litical opponents, who were equally, if not more,
instrumental in the work, and if any change has
occurred in the course of the Democracy oa that
subject, it has resulted from the lights of expe-
rience, and ihe severe lesions taught by events
happening around them It was forcibly said of
the Bourbon^, after their restoration to power, "that
they never learned any thing, and never forgot
any thing," and it wt uld «eem, from present roJi-
cation^, that we have a Bourbon party in Wis
Country, which is marked bv strong features of re-
semblance and affinity to their relatives on the
other side of the water. It is not so with the
Democratic party, for they are ever ready to learn
wisdom from passing events, and shou'd they at
any time find themselves in error, they are to* first
to see it, and the first to acknowledge and cor-
There are two or three objections to this bill and
its special provisions, which would operate with
great force against it, in my judgment, even if the
general principle ot the measure it proposes to ef-
fect was ngnt and proper in i*seif. As these objec-
tions have been fully staled and elaborated by
others, io a manner much better than I can aspire
to, I will content myself with briefly referring to
them, and expressing my assent to the pownons
taken against them by the gentlemen who have
preceded me
And first: The donation of ten per cent over
and aoove their fair and equal share, which the
bill gives to the nine new S ates, from the proceeds
of tbe lands within their limits, would seem, on its
face, to be altogether wrong, nor has any adequate
reason been assigned to warrant so unjust a pre-
ference and favor to these States ovt r the others
If it be meant as an inducement to give their votes
for the bill, it must strengthen the objection of the
old States to so unjust a distribution, and I fully
concur with the gentleman from Georgia who 'ad,
that even had he been in favor of the bill in all
I Us other feature , tms alone was bufficient to in-
duce him to vote agam t it.
The gentleman from Mame [Mr. Clifford] ob-
,ects to the mode of distriDutmg the proceeds
which this bill establishes, because its benefits will
mure more to the rich than to the poor, and was
accused of aiming to awaken the demagogue cry
of the neb against the poor, in opposition to the
measure. But I would go further than he does,
and contend that the bill introduces a new and un-
constitutional principle into the powers of distribu-
tion—unjust and unequal in every respect. Tws
bill proposes to distribute the proceeds of the lands
among the S ates, on the federative principle, and
not on the popular principle; it gives the money to
the States, and not to the people. To whom arc
these lands sold? To the people, and not to the
States; and the States contribute nothing to the re-
ceipts. If this Government can take money from
the people, by revenue or any other process, with
one hand, in order to distribute it again with the
othsr, both operations ought to be conducted on the
same principle, and by the same rule. The fede-
rative principle is a peculiarity of our Govern-
ment: it has respect to the people in their aggre-
gate capacity as States, and not in their individual
capacity a. men. Capitation and other direct
taxe«, when imposed by Congress, are first appor-
tioned on the federative principle upon each State,
in the proportion prescribed by the Constitution,
and without any reference to the property or other
means of the community to pay; and thsn by ano-
ther and further extension of power, the amount
thus allotted to each State, is collected from its in-
habitants, or their property, by the direct action of
this Government. It first apportions to each State
its part of a tax; that part is fixed on the federa-
tive principle, and then levied from the property
or people of the State. And thus a direct or capi-
tation tax will differ in different States, and be
higher or lower according to tbe circumstances
and condition of tne State. Congress cannot lay
a capitauon tax of the same amount upon each
person in the Union, or a direct tax of the same
amount on specific articles, or a specified quantity
of property thnughout all th# States. It must
first be apportioned to the States on the federative
principle, and then that apportionment is to be
separately reapportioned and collected flora the
persons or property m each particular fílate.
In the case of a tariff of duties on imported
goods, it is otherwise—and the tax is then col-
lected, rot on the federative, but on the popular
principle; the money is paid by the consumers—
each paying in proportion to his consumption of
the article which is taxed by the tariff. We have
not, at this time, any revenue or public funds col-
lected on the federative principle, and whether it
arise from duties or from lands; all that is cow in
the public coffer-, or that can come into them un-
der existing laws, arises from the consumption of
the people of imported good*, or their purchase of
the public lands; and as that consumption and that
purchase are mostly made by the poorer.and working
and farming portions of the community, it follows
that they contribute an immense and undue propor-
tion of all the money which this Government re-
ceives, whether it comes from customs or from
lands. Now if Congress proposes to restore mo-
ney or revenue, whether derived from customs or
from lands, or from both, it should be restored on
the same principle as tiat on which it had been
cullec'ted, and, as nearly as may be, to the same
claw or portion of the community that it Was
taken from.g The States pay no duties— top Slates
buy no lands—individuals, the people only, do
eitner If it be just to collect duties on goods and
proceeds of lands, on the popular principle, d rectly
from ihe people, it must be equally just and proper
to distribute on the same principle, it be right to
distribute at all, or thers is any thing to distri-
bute. But we shall soon see that this bdl collects
i by one rule and pays out by another—takes from
one portion of the peop!e>nd distribute to another;
I or, m other words, exacts* from the many and dis-
tributes to the few.
And here I may be permitted to offer a few ob-
servations on the tariff S}stem, and that change
which the opinion of the country is undergoing in
reference to it, because this distribution, or giving
away of the proceeds of the lands, is inseparably
connected with it, and must compel an increase
and extension of the duties. Of the actual praa'i-
cal effect of a tariff, a vast revolution of sentiment is
taking place with the people at large, and even ma-
nufacturer , themselves begin to doubt whether that
was the trae system for their own real prosperity
and success.   Formsrly it was a current opinion
