144                                              APPINBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cong.„...1st Sess.
that a duty on imported foreign goods was no tax;
that it took nothing from the people, and did not,
in, reality, raise the pnce oí the article on which
the duty was imposed; and that by making
the importer pay it, the burden did not reach
the consumer, as its effect was only to shut
put excessive importations—encourage indus-
try here, and aid the general prosperity. But a
closer examination—more and sounder reflection—
a better knowledge of the subject—are beginning
to convince the people that a tariff is a tax, m
whatever form you may aguise it, or by what-
ever name you call it. And why are the minds
of the community in general arriving at this con-
clusion—and how do they reach this result? By
the simplest process in the world. They see that
where a duty is put upon any article by law,
the first and sole effect is to raise the price of the
article, and that unless it has that direct effect, the
law itself is a dead letter, and has no possible
effect. Suppose that the article of broadeloath
had been imported duty free, and it was proposed
i>y the Government to raise a revenue from it, the
very first step m the process would be to raise its
price to the consumer—and without this was done,
no revenue could be derived from it. If foreign-
ers'had brought in cloth without duty and sold it
so cheaply, that our manufacturers could not make
it, you must raise the price here or you can get no
revenue; for unless the importer can sell for more
than he did before,how can he pay the duty you ex-
act. Nor can our own manufacturers make the cloth
unless the price be raised, as ¡he difficulty with them
is the low price, and if that be not raised by the
duty, the duty is no benefit to them. It is not to
raise the wages of labor that our manufacturers
want a tariff, but to raise the prices of the articles
they sell, and if you will give them such duties
as will shut out the foreign arlicle entirely, the
first consequence will be that they can raise the
prices a^ ' gh as. they p'ease, and the very next
will be to reduce the wages of the workman down
to the lowest pomt of subsistence The very m
stmct and nature of a high tar ff system is o leave
both his workmen and his customers at the mercy
of the manufacturer—to raise the ^iceof what he
sells, and to lower the wages ot . ' whom he em-
ploys And so, too, it you place the duty so high
as to amount to a prohibition—no goods can be
brought in and, consequently, no revenue can be
collected, and prices are left to the control of the
manufactuier and the community utterly in his
power. To produce reduce revenue the duty must
be such as to admit of importations, the revenue
comes from the importations, and whatever that
may amount to is added, not to the wages of the
workmen, but to the price of the article, and is
taken from the consumers, who are the people at
larg-e, whether employed in manufactures, or agri-
culture or commerce. The thing itself is a tax,
and every cent of revenue is a tax as much as if
it had been collected m all the forms of direct tax-
ation, and that tax falls upon the labor of the coun-
try, and is felt in every branch of our domestic in-
dustry.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that my sentiments
on this subject are deemed by some ultra, radical,
but having long and honestly entertained them, I
should feel myself unworthy of that generous con-
fidence which sent me here, did I permit any suita-
ble occasion to pass without condemning the pnn-
ciples and policy of what is commonly called the
high tariff or protective system And while I
would not -disturb or impair the interests and em
ployments of those who have ergaged in busi-
ness on the faith of existing regulations, any
extension of the 'mports beyond ti e fair purposes
oí revenue, cannot have my suppoit; for I consider
the whole o< what has been te'mtd the American
systen astounded in wtoi and r< sting on false-
hood and ue'uiioii. I is mv < iterate opinion
that ft. our mechanic and mauufaciuiing "iterests
would have heietofore been, 4iid would now be,
more •- ¿ ile and more flourishing it no one article
bad ever received a protectirtj duty And h it
shall be said that, under iha' system the country
has grown and prospered, my answer is, that it has
grown up, in defiance of the system, and not from
its fostering eneigy; grown by the labor, ¡ntelh-
Public Lands—Mr. Davis.
gence, enterprise, -and freedom of the people, and
not from a tariff, tax, or any other artificial
stimulant or exhausting incitement.
Another objection has been well urged by ihe
gentleman from Maine. Under the operation of
the law which it is now proposed to enact, the mo-
ney which is to be disinbu'ed, villnotgo to the
people, but to the States, and the necessary effect
must be to relieve and aid the property rather than
the people of the country—to give a decided and
marked preference to the moneyed interest, over
the landed and laboring classes of the community.
No such principle can receive my assent, no such
measure can ever have my support.
Mr Chairman, let me be distinctly understood.
This Government, in its very <brm and natuie, is
not founded on the property, but on the people of
the country. In its structure, it makes no recog-
nition of propert)—it gives no power to property
—no force to wealth—no influence to money. It
a'lows no representation to property, and it derives
no authority from it. The Constitution knows no
difference between the rich and the poor; it treats
all as equal, and we pervert its pure principles,
when, by our legislation, we give any advantage to
the rich over the poor. The great doctrine of
equal rights is the cardinal principle of the Con-
stitution, and it rests, not on property, but on the
people, and on the people alone. Now the distribu-
tion proposed by this bill will convey the avails
of the public domain, not to the people, but to the
States, and us avowed object is, and its effects will
be, to aid the States m the payment ot their debts.
In fact the law is demanded at this particular time,
because the States are laboring under embarrass-
ments from their previous tolly and extravagance
Jt is to pay the debts of the States, or rather the
íattrest on those debti, that the measure is now
pressed so strenuously upon Congress. And who
bold those debts against the States? Not the far-
mer, mechanic, and working man, for they have
no State stocks, but the vtealthy men of the coun-
try, and otheis—the brokers and bankers, who
have tempted and involved 'he States into these
difficuliie^, ai d who, be ng now unable to obtain
their inters st, or fearing it may soon fail them wuh-
out our help, are urging and setting on the States
to obtain this money from Cmgress, that they
might get it in the end themselves When tbe«e
proceeds of the public lands srt d stnbu ed under
this law, ms ead of goinp to the people, t''ey «ill
go to ihe owners of ¡3 ate stocks—to corpora-
tions—to bankers and brouers—'o the lund
holding ¡merest in America and m Europe—
and this law will aid them, but not the people—
and, least of all, will it aid those who piy this
money into your Treasury—the hardy settler and
purchi er of the lands This view of the subject, I
am well aware,will be denounced as an appeal to the
issue between the rich and the poor, but I am pre-
pared for that denunciation—I am accustomed to
meet it—an 3 I am ever ready lo take the mw. I
ask no other reason, I want nothing better, nothing
higher to justify my vote against any measure
whatever, than the fact that its tendency will be to
benefit property, and not the people—to aid the
moneyed interest, at the expense ot every other
class of our inhabitants. A-- a member of this
House, I have nothing to do with the property and
wealth of the country, but to givs it Simple protec-
tion, and to defend the Constitution and the people
from its ,n ldious encroachment—its high reach-
mgs alter political and legis'aLve power Proper-
ty did not send me here, nor am I its delegate, its
advocate, or its champion. I stand on this floor
on higher g ound than as the representative of pro-
perty, for I stand here as the Represen'ative of
men—] es, of men as men—and 1 am prouder to
be the Representative si the humblest and poorest
man within the limns of mv dioinct, than I would
be to be the represen aüve ot the wealthiest i.idi
vidual in the land, or all the prop m et b? world.
It ha> been said Ly a grntleippn mm Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cocper,] Ihat the p oceeds of these
lands would beg, ven to aid the cause of general
education; aro that when the States received the
monej, they would, through its agency, be able to
extend the blessings of knowledge to the poor.
But  do gentlemen prescribe this as a condition
H. of Reps.
in the bill? Do you devote the money to that
purpose? Do you require the States to so em-
ploy it? Not at all. You leave the States un-
bound—undirected—absolutely free in their dis-
cretion, to use it for that or many other pur-
pose*? And how will the money be, tn fact, ap-
plied? Not to education, but to pay debts, and in-
terest on debts, and to carry out worthless and im-
provident improvemen's, which the people in the
States already repudiate, and will not complete.
The pressure of that hungry necessity which is now
so clamorous for their distribution, will lead at
once to this application of it, pnd not to the exten-
sion of education. The money will go to relieve
the property of the States, and not the people—to
save the States from imposing direct taxes, and
compel this Government to increase the tariff, as
the only means of supplying that deficiency in the
Treasury which you say now exists, and which
this distribution so palpably augments Other
gentlemen have portrayed >he preposterous enormi-
ty of giving away three millions of dollars a year,
at the very moment when you complain that the
Treasury is empty—the Government in debt—a
bill to create a national debt of twelve millions is
lying on your table, and higher duties are demand-
ed to meet the current expenses of the nation.
But supposing this money was to be, in fact, ap-
plied to the purposes of education; what, after all,
would be the amount divided among the people by
this bill? About eighteen or twenty cents per head,
taking the whole population; and to tecure to each
person this small annual donation or gratuity, you
must impose a tariff to supply the place of the land
revenue, which will exact eighty cents a head irom
the people to pay oft the twelve million loan, and
more than twice twenty cents a year forever after-
wards. This bill lakes from the poor man's pocket
eighty cents to give him twenty at the ortset, and
then robs him ot forty cents a year afterwards, in
order that this reform Administration mav make
him a present of twenty cents annually, lite-
rally robbing him, ?nd then giving him back
with generous liberality, one bali of that which
you bad plundrcd from him. In order to give htm
the blessings of education, you strip ihe clothes
frem off his back, when decency will debar him
from entering the school house. You tariff tax
his iood, hiscletbmg, his necessaries of life, to
give him twenty cents a year, that he may get his
education m rags, humiliation, and shame, This
is the vaunted relief which the land bill pro-
vides for the people—these are the blessings it will
confer on the labor ng clashes throughout the land.
The poor man will never know or feel its benefits,
save in the shape of its oppression, and all its bene-
fits will go to brokers, banker , capitalists, and
stockdealers in America and Europe.
I will now, Mr Chairman, state the general pro-
position in reference to our national domain and its
disposition, as it has presented itself to my mind.
There are three plans proposed for the manage-
ment and disposal of the public lands One is to
continue the old s\ stem, to go on selling them as
they are wanted, as we have done, turning the pro-
ceeds into the Tn asur/, and using them as we do
our revenue from any other source, for the com-
mon expenses oí the Government. Another plan
is to cede the lands to the Sta'es with n which they
lie, on proper terms, reserving to trie Union a cer-
tain portion oí the mtney they shall tell for, and
allowing to the Siates who sell them, such a por-
tion of their proceed* as will fauly compensate
them for the trouble and expense of administering
the system And the third plan is that which is con-
tained in the bill now before us, and which is to dis-
tribute to the different States such of tr>" proceed 
as is tailed the m tt surplus, after deducting certain
expenses of the land department As to ihe pre-
emption clause in the bill, there exis s no differ-
ence of opinion, and ne^-rwiSI, for that provision
is already amply «cur*d b} othe* la-s, and the
popular bearings of the principle will always com-
mend itself to every party m the country.
I do not propose to go into a detailed history of
the public lands as derived from the documents on
the files of the Government—to trace down its
origin, and derive from its mode of acquisition, by
gift, or purchase, or conquest, any special autho-
