138                                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                                   July, 1841.
27th Cono. .. 1st Sbss.                                       Loan Bill—Mr. Eastman.                                                         H. of Reps.
their credit be it said, that they generally re
sisted all insidious attempts to seduce them from
their principles. Wholesale appropriations for lo-
cal objects, and local advantage, were successfully
resisted, and the Constitution preserved from the
encroachments that had been made upon it during
the preceding years. This, however, was not
done without the most strenuous efforts Ow-
ing to the enormous appropriations, wh ch had
been made during the twenty fifth Congress,
as I have before shown, and to the ns-
glect of the banks to pay the balances still due
from them, we were compelled to authorize the
Secretary of the Trt asury to issue Treasury notes
to the amount of five milliors This was done en
the 31st of March, 1840, and it is true as stated by
another gentleman from Massachuse ts, who spoke
this morning, [Mr Saltonstall ] that the Federal
patty in this House then predicted, that before the
close of that session a farther provision of Treasu-
ry notes would have to be made. No sooner, sir,
were those predictions made, and the appropriation
bill  brought under discission, than Federal mem-
bers rose in thur places upon this floor, and offered
amendments increasing the appionr ations millions
upon millions, the chief effect of which would be
to benefit the particular see ions of country where
the money was to be expended. They offered
'• log-rolling" amendments, with a few thousanis
to be approp íattd here and a few there, scattered
about the country, by which the cupidi y of those
sections would be tempted, and the memicrsre
presenting them be called upon to sacrifice princi-
ple at the shrine of selfi hness and corruption. I
have observed, sir, that a  a general thing, these
seductions were res sted, and the appropriations
kept down to the wants of the Guvernm-nt—kep*
down by the Democracy ot the last Congress And
let it be borne in mind that lhe«e amendments
were introduced by the Ful°r¡>! membei«; they
were advocated hy th m, they were " pushed " by
them, and h?d they succeeded in their efforts, tie
appropnat ons would have been swelled to &uch
an exient, as to m«ke necessity a further íssut oí
Treasury notes, ana the pre hc'ions of gentlemen
would ihus hare been vended I do not charge
upon the Federal pirty th t ft ey int oiuced these
amendments for the pumos  ot swelnne: the ap-
propriation , and rendering obnoxious to the peo-
ple the administration ot Mr Van Buren—
but this I do charge, that it was th t parly
who ' pushed" the appropriations and expenditures
beyond the current revenues of the last four year .
To that party is the crelit due of íuvoivmg the
country in debt, if one exists, and I am astonished
that gentlemen should have the hsrdinood of ciarg-
lBg Mr Van Bureu ttun pushing the expenditures
beyond the revenues, when upon their heads hts
the guilt, and the journals wi hi i th se walls will
prove it Sir, Jet the ,nce d ary cry fiie, t it high-
wayman muider, and u e F deral pait/ lhat Mr
Van Burtn pushed tbe expc.ua tare  b >o. d the
current revenue, theie is as much propriety in the
one as in the othei
I will now pass) Sir) to a moie tmnme examina
tion of the figures, by v Inch t1 i> loan => attempted
tote justified Toe honorable Secieury of tie
Treasury «ais, that' d e est mted defcit" at the
end ot the y< ar will Le $16 038 215 IS To ma'ie
out lhi«tsum ofovr „ x " n n i 1 jus, h-* adds to-
gether thre  items in h s iepo>-t, v z ore of §4 000
000 00, ( le ct £6 037 274 04, a id oí c of §6,000 -
941 14—the three to¿eth i t aliiij; he ab've sum
ct Mxti.ea m Uio.is e „ht_, eijat ¡n  and two
hundred and fifttei dolla- and ogVeei cents,
and herecommerdsthn ih s sum be made a funned
or permanent debt, or, in oner voi k, h t we es-
tablsh ana* on-1 deb' > tl"i ..loam, an 1 min-
gase the Uní ed 'j'a es f i' t (.canty and pay-
ment. Tue ho" rabie.n. man oí ihe Committee
of Ways a it Mitrs, [*l Fiili rv,] who i?s
mrod„ced'hs I 1, ¡.ítdcts imi  sij upon
ths tame three item  ab v* a"uded to, and al-
though he has reduced the ?mount of «lxteer mil-
lions down to twelve, yet ¡,<* does not tell us from
which of the i em? it is th^t ue makes the redue
tion. Be that as it m?y, m tnis reduction the hunora
ble chairman pays bat a poor corapiirrent to tbe
calculations and wishes of the honorable Secretary.
Bat, sir, if I mistake not, I shall be able to show
that, so far from there being any necessity for fix-
ing a debt on the people to the amount of twelve
millions, there is scarce a pretext for funding any
debt whatever This, sir, T shall endeavor to
prove from the report of the Secretary himself,
wh'ch I hold m my hand. And I v ill proceed to
examine ti e three items which make the sixteen
millions and form the basis upon, which this bill
rests I will take them up in the order m which
I have named them And hr*t, the four miUions.
This sum, althojgh included in "the estimated de-
ficit" of the honorable S •cretvy, as on- of_ the
items going (o make up "the debt," which he re-
commends "to be raided on loan," the public vviU
be not a httle surprised to learn, has none oí the
properties of a real debt or of real existenc-, but
is only the creature of the honorable Secretary's
imagination. These is no pretence that the Go-
vernment owes the money; non~ thit tie money
will be wanted this year oi the next, oi for ten
year¿ to cone, but the honoiable Secretary thinks
that it will oe tor his "convenience:" to have "not
less than íour millions" on hand, and therefore, in
eludes it in hi  "estimated deficit " Why, sir, if
this is th  way that a dfbt is 'o be made out, the
honorable Secretary must have discovered a new
chapter in the theory of finance "Convenience,"
su, is the title of that chapter Just add an ither
cipher th n, and make't forty millions, or two,
and increase it to four hundred m llions If the
Secretary's "convenience" r quires it to be done,
it at once becomes an "estimated deficit," an 1 is
to be copied and commented upon by Federal
prints as "a debt left by the last Ad mmstration "
The Secretary wants four millions of dollars 'or his
"convenience,' for pocket niin v, sir, and
the people are to be made to believe that
a is a debt left by Mr. Vpn Buren With the
ta>rs propriety m ght an/ m=m, wí o should fancy
th.it it won d be convenient to have ? fhoui nd
do'lars in his pocket at all tim s, although he
krew ot no ppmcilar use to which to put i, say
that he wa n debt to thai amoun , as tor the Secrr-
(aiv to urg  this four 11 liions upon the country, m
tne mairer in «hich he do<.s Bti', cir, suppose
we consult the Secretary's "convenience," fund a
debt, ?nd add to the cmount these lour m 1 ions,
for which the people iillrrve to p-iy an interest
ot two hundred ai.d forty thouspid dollars a j eti
What, sif, is *o le d ne with ti moity? I i io
be deposited in the United Siates Bank, wh ch I
suppose gentlemen intend to cieate this session, if
they c<m, to be theie u=ed tor ths 'convenience" of
the Secretary and his friend* Sn, this proceeding
cannot be justified, and sooner or latfr it will
recoil upon the h auo of gent'emen with vmd c-
tive powei Tht peop'e will never concert to pay
an ai'iua! i iterest oí iwohai.d cd and forty thou
«a d dolíais fur the "con/tn ence" ot any man,
or an) set of m n.
I i >vi havj tli iter) of fo r millions, and p-s 
16 ihe cors deration of IIa s co 11 one, that of
#G 087 27' 04 Tins «urn i or Trea ury notes,
winch, b/ ht. Senetarj't. «epoit, it appeals a-e not
payable n„ 1842 li y do not beco-  e due this
year—an 1 indeed are s t down in die rep rt itseli,
as a dtfWt to b° provid d for in t* e ensum? >f ar
I have be'or" fiven ai explanation oí the fi «t
ciuse oi the is niP" of Tita,ury notes by the ld°t
Adminii-ratin, and it is theicfore uiuece sar, t^
go into tiat matter pg? n I will, ho ev(.r, r mirk,
for the b-uer undtxstan i g ot some into
time han Is my obs°n dUo'io noon tras bil
miy p ~sibly fall, tnat Treasu y no'es are noth ng
t't^re than th" piooussory nj'tso the Ciovrn-
n>et.igivea for money len . They aa usiia ly pay-
aba n on" yea , ? id ate i n ínt^'e t 1 ke thi notes
tf indiv mals W n dae, aid pr._ enttd, they
are paid by tie Gi eramenl af" rd ng to their
teno1- Th y are given to ant cipate tne means
which die u wnmic.li expecis to ¡ave when they
fall due, and wi h wmch u pays them Take the
case ot individual —a mcrcnant, for instance, an-
ticipates his means by bor owing money for two,
three, or four months, and pays it wn«n his note
¡alls due out of the money woich he has collected
of his customers So a farmer, who wishes to use
money in the sprmg, borrows it, and in ths fall
pays his note from the sale oí his stock, or the pro-
ducts of his farm The matter ot Treasury notes
is no new aftair, they have been u«ed at various
times during the history of the Government,under
different Administrations, in order to anticipate the
revenues. They vere issued during the last war.
They were issued in 1837, as before sta'ed. Since
tint ti. ie, owing to the tardiness of the banks, in
not paying the amount due trom them, and to the
swelling of the appropriations by the Twenty-fifth
Congress, it has become necessary to anticipate
the means of the Government. Not unfrequent-
ly ma.iy < f tbe paymei ts ti be made by the Go-
verrmeiit, in c¿rrjin? on its t ansactions, tall due
in the spring while t ie larger part of the revenues
and tavs nioy come in durug tne summer and
Ml On occuions of this k nd, the revenues may
be aniieipa*eu o> tbe use of Treasury notes Now,
s r, it appears tha' his second item of f 6,087,274 04
is comp sed entirely of Treasury miles, not fall-
ing due, a the S-creUry himself sajs, until next
y tar. Wnen they do fall due, they will be met
by the means, which the Government then
ba« The revenues then paid in will be
sufficient fo take mem up Sach was the ex-
pectation witen they were is-sued, and fh°re is no
good re on to doubt it now, unless the present
dominant party shall "push the expenditures" far
beyond all former p'ecedent, «nd scatter the mo-
ney of tne people to the four winds o heaven. On
these notes we are now paying interest, and are
compelled to do it um l they fall due. When they
shall becotie due, Congress will be in session at
its regui-r constitutional time, and can then make
ample provisions for their payment, should the
revenues in any way fill shirt And yet,sir, in
view of aU these laws, the h norable Secretary of
the treasury ask  us at this time to borrow this
money for eight yeais. For wnat reason, I believe
hp f erpie will be at r> toss to perceive, unless it be
like iheloui millions tor the "con/t lence" of the
S cietary and his Inund*. JNoi only aie the notes
not due till next yepr, iiut oil is ¡t exper'ed that
tne e wiUbeaíiabuiidance ot meanson hand to pay
trem when ti.ey saall become payab'e, and if not,
Cotüreis then in seosioa can provide for them, but
further,  s 1, we shall  be pa>ng  interest   on this
1 si t*ico over, one on the note  now outstanding,
and r nee on re loan uh ch the Secretary wants
We st all thereby, s r, in this mattt r of double in-
tere t, mere!), suher a dead loss of over two
hundred thousand dollars
Sir, what would the farmer, who had borrowed a
couple of hundred dollars in th  spring, given his
note for it, and promised to pay the money in the
fa 1, say to a proposition made immediately after
io hire the inoney pgiip, and give his note and a
m ortgage on \> s farm to run eight j ears' And
; et, sue i a course wou'd be precisely para lei to
11 t wnen the Sscre sry now proposes to take in
| regard io tn<? e f reasnry no es. fouch is a speci-
men ol the «plend d fii ancienn? of tnis "reform"
I Ad<aimsirvion, and to suc-i p tifu s-iuf «doestn
i s^uietary have  to resort, to ma\c out his "es
I mattd det>u' '
I     I will no ,j pass, sir, to the third and last item of
I the Secretary's "d^fiat" and iipon \jpich this bill
is ba<cd. It is th t of $6 0i'0,94l 14 This, to
u«"lu«ownw rd ,is"ihesnrn unprovided for ot the
1 d'-oit nds for the present year," admitt ng, thereby,
I ih-t the other two items which I have considered
and 1 be icve satisfactorily dispostd oi, need not
r'ow bJ provided 'or But, sir, let us go into the
leuds ot th-3 ite n, and see it it will bear ihe test of
exammi'ion as well ai ihe o her t ,vu Tue Secre-
vsry iriioi tis us lhat the seivcesof ti f current
yc-r, the ten i>-ontns ot it dunrg which time he
bM Ihe hono   to pr side  over   he   fi>-~roes of the
i nation, wdl require   he , um of   $34 210 090 00,
I ,nl lia' "addiliotia1 a propmi.ons" ar- required, to
ti   amount  oi $2 521,336 98, m"k rg tie  whole
1 amouni o  expe ditu c        tlt^r saori  ttu  months
I amount to $26 7¿1 3áG 98, which i at the rate of
¡I ovar thirty two millions a year If I had time, sir,
I might stop here and inquire of gentlemen and of
tlis economy-loving Administration, how it is that
these sims are so large I might call upon them
for an explanation, and demand of them that they
reconcile their practices since the election with their
