July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S9
27th Cong—1st Sbss.
Loan Bill—Mr. Eastman.
H. of Reps.
professions* before. Si*, the people have been de-
ceived, and the very first acts of this "umve'sal Whig
party" most clearly show it. In the first ten monthsof
this Administration, then, the Secretary tells us that
he shall spend #96,731,336 93, and he "estimates"
h'S means during that time at the sum of $20,730,-
395 84, leaving unprovided for, cf the demands of
the present year, the sum of $6,000,941 14" This
is the third l'em, and thus it is that the Secre-
tary makes it oot Will his figures bear scrutiniz-
ing? We w It see. It will be observed that the
Secretary, in making out the expenditures of the
present year, adds the above amount of #2 521,-
336 98 for n^w appropriations yet to be made.
They do not now exis.t, and of course cannot be
charged upon this or any succeeding year, unless
the present dominant party, who have been in-
veighing foi the la"t twelve years against
Etecutive dictation, shall themselves sud-
denly become converts to the doctrines which
they have so strongly and /ehemertly repudiated,
and implicitly obey the Secreta>y's behests Be
this as it may, there is now no law appropriating
this mon=y There is no au bou y whatever in
existence, by wbich this amount can be drawn from
the Treasury. No penil'tnaa dare rise >n his place
here ai d say that this sum is m any way whatever a
debt of the Government or a charge upon ih  Trea-
sury. It should therefore be deducted from the
amount of the expenditures, and of course from
the balance of $6,000,941 14 Take it out, sir,
and we reduce the $6,000 941 14 down to $3,479,-
604 16 Another item, whxh the Secretary has
included in his expenditures of the present year, is
#1,110,611 03 of Treasury notes They do not
fall due till next year. They are now drawing
six per cent, to the holders, and no man, it would
seem, unless he had predetermined to figure out a
national debt, could suppose the, would be present
ed the p'-eoent > ear. I have befoie explained th<j
¡natter oí Trea ury notes not row due, and it i« not
ne-es ary here to rep at the explanations I de-
duct this amount, for th  reason  before s'ated, is
a matter ot sheor romrn n sense. Take ihis sum
from the $3 479,604 16, the amount to which I
had got the $6 000,941 14 reduced, and you have
left $2,368 993 13. But, sir, I do not stop here.
I do not admit that there exists a debt to be pro-
vided lor to even this amount Sir, when I took
my seat here this morn ng, I found lying upon my
desk a printed statement irom the Secre ary of the
Treasury, "correcting," as he says, " an error in his
report, showing the receipts and exdenditures," &c.
Here it h, sir, and the Secretary here admits fiat
he has made a mistake of $619,136 47, which
should be taken from his estimated debt.
[Mr. Fillmore rose to explain how this error
occurred ]
Mr. Eastman said it was of little consequence to
him how the error occurred. It was sufficient to
know that it existed Whether it happened ' inad-
vertently," as the Secretary says, or wnether u
proceeced from the oohquity of the Secretary's
ideas in his overweening anxiety to mak- out a
debt against the last Administration, is entirely im-
material. Detected and exposed, the Secretary
admits it, and it is sufli-ient mat  t exists, without
inquiring into toe manner of its occurrence. Prom
my last balance of $2,368 993 13, I thctefo'e Uke
this "inadvertence" ot $619,136 47, and I reduce
the amount down to $1,749 856 66 But th's is
not the onlj error of the ncnorable Secretary.
There is another, sir, ot nearly the same magni-
tude as the last. Probably the S.cittary is not
aware of it, or he would have sent the correction
of this "inadvertence" wita the other It ,s an
error of ] ust $500,000 It is to be found in the
second page oí his report, the twen y-hfth lice
from the ton, I believe The figures which he puts
down a! $847 590 09, should be $147 590 09,
mak ng an error of just half a million ti oodars
Th s will appear evident to any ene v *•(> will take
th  pains to examine the note at the bottom oí the
page and also the twelfth page of his report,
whrre the details of the figures are drawn out On
the twelfth pagv they are correctly stated, and are
there put down at $147,590 09, but when brought
to the s-cond page to make tip the grand aggregate
m the tables, they are «inadvertently  swollen to
the amount of $647,590 09 Take this error of
$500 000 from the above * noum of $1,749 856 66,
to which we had got the Secretary's national debt
reduced, and we have left the sum of $1,249,856
66. "Thu", and to this extent," u this chimera of
the honorable Secretary reduced, when submitted
to (he te«t of his own figure —a national debt left
by the last Administration, bat created, sir, by this
—created, too, on p*>per by he ski'ful manage-
ment of figures Tru'y we have fallen upon won-
derful times, when appropriations not yet m exis-
tence, and th* errors and blunders of a Secre ary
of ihsTreasuiv, a-e to make u > anational deb* to
be charged upon the last Administration
But, sir, lei us examine this matter a Mile fur-
ther. There is i u n m the Mints which probably
e^caoed the St-cetary' noti f, amounting to $215,-
151 00, whici must ,U further i educe th s national
debt. It is the money of the Government, subject
to the S"creury's draft and rreans under his con-
trol, and which he should hive included in his re-
port, just ps much as any other sum which he did
include. How it could have escaped him I am at
a loss 'o conceive, unless his mind was so much
occupied in figuring up a national debt, and plan-
ning out a N  íonal Bank, asentiré y to Mve over-
looked such smalt matters a« the Stmts of the Uni-
ted States and their contents Sut'ract this sum
from the pbove amount of $1,249,856 66, and you
have ieft $1 034,705 66, as the last straggler of the
Secreury s debt Sir, we will see wi'etner he even
can escape It wil1 be borne in mind, that the man-
ner in which the Secretary arrived at the third ge-
neial i em of $6 000,941 14, which we have been
considering, and have got down to the sum of
$1 034 705 66 was, by stating the expenditures,
estimating the means with which he wss to meet
them, and then striking «he balance. He arrives
at his means bt CMmahon, not by aclutl know-
ledge, a1, i p-rniit me 10 ay tint m this calcula
lion, too, 1 behci e th  lonora'He fee oiar' to i-t t
fa 't S r, there is the sun of $150,0CJ 00 due
from deposite oí nks, whieh, ^e are assured,
snail be paid, which, it is believed, they arc
able to ps-y, and wh ch there can be no reasonable
doubt will be pai 1 The Secretary ha also in bis
esti nates of thp receipts from hv> ciutoms and the
sal°s of the public lands p aced th*m at least a
million and a half bel iw wha the will m all rea-
son amount to Tho e mote experienced in the
business, and from then situations better qualified
to judge of the receipts, than trie Secretary himself,
•aj that there will D  a greater difference than a
million and a half even But take it at that, and
add to it the above item to be received from the
banks, and vou have means not calculated upen
by the Secretar.,, to the amount of one m'llion six
hundred and fifty thousand dollars Here, sir, we
have an amount, not only sufficient entirely to ab-
sorb and pay on the driblet of tae Secretary's debt;
but iufficiently large to pay that and have a ba-
lance ot six hundred and fifteen thousind two
hundred and ninety-four dolíais and tbirly-four
cents left m to  Trea.uiy So ftr then from there
being any necessity for establ shir s, a national
deot, th re would have been, according to a'l rea-
siriDleialcuKion , were it not for the expenses
and mischiefs of this e\tr i res lun, a balance m the
Treasury on the first day cf Tanuary nex', of at least
$615,294 34.
But, sir, this bill wi > ras . To s loan will be
fa tened upon the pev'e Tins national debt will
b<- created Njt, sir, nmtlenecessity or for the
purpose of pajins, any e btor deficiency of the last
A'rmmstration but iu i nder the appetite of Fede-
ralism, already growr <-gard by long abst netce,
and p-epare m ans <or th* reckless nuasure  and
ruihles expenditures ei I <- party n w m power
°ir, it will pi=s Bjiing tht, last political ctm-
p?ign the rolyug cry of th" rumerous factions
Xma banded t g th'r i> th ir U'holy crus He
against AI'. V t Buren ¡ud ti ■ Denucra'ic
party, was "extravagance " The raik and tie of
the Federal party were made (o believe
that there was something in the charge, th d a
large debt had been incurred m consequence of
this extravagance, and it is now necessary for their
leaders to make some show at least or their influ-
ence is much lessened, if not indeed destroyed.
Father, sir, some slight attempt mast be made in
justification of this extriordrnary session—a session
that was undoubtedly decided upon so long ago as
last December, and c\ll«l, not for the purpose of
providing means for the Government, but to regú-
late the succes«ion to the Presidency, and to palm
upon the country a set of measures that should
carrv out, for the next eight years, the unholy
plans of political schemers Accordingly, at the
last session of Congress, an honorable member
from New York, [Mr Bah.*jard,] with becoming
assiduity, and with his usual effective and moving
eloquence, detained the House for hours in endea-
voring to show that the last Administration would
leave a debt to be provided for by the present, of
some forty millions.
[Mr Barnard The gentlemen w mistaken. I
did no  say that there was a debt of forty millions.
Mv speech does not warrant it ]
Mr Eastman Sir, I have not read the gentle-
mauS speech. I was one of those, however, who
heard it And I well recollect that "forty mil-
1'ons," "forty millions," was the burden of the
gentleman's sorg I will not pretend to say what
the prec se import of the gentleman's language
was. If he denies that he so charged, I am bound
to accept his explanaron. I would not by any
means do injustice to the gentleman. The Fede-
ral par'y have sins enough in all conscience to an-
swer for, without charging upon them any thing of
which they are not guilty. But, sir, whatever may
have b-'n the intention of the honorable gentle-
man, I can assure him that his speech has been
made the text book fiom which maiy an extract
has been taken and transferred to the Federal
prints throughout the country These extracts, if
not the whole speech, have had a very extensive
circulation
Mr BARMARn. I have never seen the
speech m a single Whig newspaper
Mr. Ea tman Perhaps the gentlman may not,
but oth rs nave And, sir, if the gentleman re-
quests, i*, I will favor him with the papers. Ex-
tracts have been made from it with apparent satis-
faction at having so highly respectable an authori-
ty as the honorable gentleman. Should I conclude
to write out my remarks I will furnish an extract
iron the honorable gentleman's speech, that the
public may jud e bow far the statements are cal-
U'el to create the impression of a forty million
debt.
I here give the abstract from the speech of Mr.
Barnard,  to which I have referred in  the above
remarks.   The speech waa delivered on the 18 h of
January,  1841    After the gentleman's dttjual, the
public wul perhaps be curious to know what he
mean? by ' the probable amount of public debt and
liabilities "   They can judge,  al o, how far the
poiitiun which I have assumed in the body of my
remaiks, isiustamed by the facts-
1 E'.nm jte of the probable amount ufpubhedebt and huilli-
nes ir ic tig out (fpast transactions, /oi whichthe Ad
minis ritwn of th   ne*t four  yeais may  have to pro
vtd°-bein« ox er and  above all cm era expenditurss,
viz
Irfabiuy noti,? outstanding   wnlurteieston inem.
In lulling ■- ich a  mij be li-uod b loie the 4th of
Maicl   umlsi the act ofls-10                      -          - So,2S>,000
Oil Funded an tOeitificate Debt (probably)            ■      lUU.Ottl
Ueuts ofthecitle  in the Disturt of Columbia • •
sumoiby the e,cvi mirenf with interest               -   M&lyAjo
Amoui   required to be invested ioi Indians ano In
dim trues                                                               "   40011 uuu
Pinrip sum payable to In tor, 01 In'un tribes, 1MO>0¡ 
A 1 ities to aoe ¡,;i P00 1 ei ytai four years 20W,(J«)
Anion it requned to makegood the deficit m the Na-
vvum \ruuu                                        ,„,       1,200,000
Chir e wl 1 h mil fill on theTreasmy in It>41, on
a< uuit 0*1 iidtilme miuuel undei appiopna
tl lam <*e in 1340 and rrBV1(,u Years—the money
luv re bceoeined but not called for tikn Uie
e K*,o jell chaises over what wil bechaiiea
be on ne Tieasmy in lb!2 in the like ac-
c    n    und„i appiopuatiuns of 1841 and pret íous  ^       ^
tlai1I 01 account f In i an aff*ur<an3 relations,&c
a a 1 ir w )c all m ed in die Departments, <>r by
1 c     t  1"  III en>                          „               .  , _     J      '
CI in - owi «-out of Honda war, &c presented to   ^^
Duf «"account of Trust Funds (other than  ln_    '^m
rourth Instalment tinder the deposited of 1836 - g.OOolooO
C?"ims on account of Trench spohations on com    ^^
To^wtach is to be added a sum necessarv t, provide    '     '
a suitable average balance m the Treasury                 5,000,000
Making in all
840,380,000
