Í44_________________APPl
27"th Cong......1st Sess.
1                                                                   í                                                                                    ,                                                                                                       ——
menee d, a resolve was adopted by the Board of
Directors, vesting the Exchange Committee, and
the Committee on the Branch Banks, with su-
preme power over the loans end discounts of the
Batik, and especially over the curtailment which was
meditated, with an express authority not to report
their proceedings to the Boaid! Now these commit-
tees consisted of three members each. Two of
these were appointed by the president of the
Bank; and the president himself was, ex ojí-
elo, a member, and the first member—the
chairman ef each. The result was that Biddle
alone constituted the committee, and the commit-
tee constiiuted the Bank ! All power .was gone to
one man, and that man was not even to report his
doings to the board of directors. Thus clothed
with secret and despotic po?/er, the panic and pres-
sure was begun. A cruel curtailment was made
among ¡he business men of ih,? South and West,
and even in the Atlantic cities; large loans were
made at the same time to brokers, favorites and
family connections in Philadelphia; and all the mo-
ney wiung from the hand of industry, was shipped
to the Barings in London, to remain there until a
rise in the rat  of exchange made it profitable to
draw for it. In this manner the sum of near four
millions was shipped to London, and lay there un-
til foreign exchange, which had been sunk by the
panic and pressure to five per cent, below par, was
raised to eight per cent, above it. This was in
August following; and then the Bank drew for her
four millions.
This, said Mr. B. is what has happened to our
Government director , and may happen to them
«gain. All the crimes of the Bank were hid from
them; the oiders and machinery for making panic
and distress in J83S-M, were also concealed from
them—the attacks upon the purity of the press, and
of legislation, were in like, manner concealed from
them. They were cxcl.ide 1 from all knowledge of
what was done durinir these limes of atrocious anil
diabolical viliany. To prevent ¡¡"inch thin;:s from
being done in failure, and to rebuke those who did
them, Mr. B. no* brought forward his mdion to
prevent Government directors from being hereaf-
ter excluded from a knowledge and a participation
of what was done in the Bank.
Mr. BERRIEN would only observe that that
was provided for in the bill in the triosi full and
ample manner.
Mr. BENTON referred to the experience of the
past to show that an infamous outrage had been
perpetrated by the other Bank, and instanced the
case of diiectors known to have been insolently ex-
cluded.
Mr. BAYARD. Suppose Government directors
did not attend, were they to be mlormed of all the
proceeding! by note or olheiwi.e? Cotifii'encc wss
to be plaecd somewhere; and, after all the guards
thrown around this bill, he did njt think any thing
was to be apprehended.
Mr. BENTON insisted that it was done in the
case of the old Bank, and ¡hat the Government
directors were not aware of many of its transac-
tions, until informed of them through the medium
of the public papers.
Mr. BAYARD. Then all I have to say is, that
it was a gross abuse, and a violation of the spirit
of the charter.
Mr. SEViER was clear for making every viola-
tion of the charter felony, as iht y would make the
embezzlement of the funds felony.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
decided m the affirmative as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Barrow, Ben-
toa, Buchanan, Caihoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuth-
bsrt, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton,
Nicholson, Pierce, Porter, Premiss, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Y/alker, Wil-
liams, Woodbury, Wright and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Hun-
tington, Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Preston, Simmons, Smith of India-
na, Southard, Tallmadge, White and Wooibridge
—22.
SPEECH OP MR. BENTON.
fa Senate, Thursday My 8, 1841__On his motion
TO TflE CONGRESSIONAL
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton.
to strike out the word bullion, from  the  2 2d
fundamental article of the bank charter, where it
was enumerated among  the things which the
bank might pay out.
Mr. BENTON said he noticed in the bill what
be supposed was a mistake. By the bill it was
provided that the Bank should only pay out its own
notes, gold or silver coin, and bullion. It was an
unusual and unprecedented thing to authorize
a bank to pay out bnilion, and he supposed it
was a mistake. He would therefore move to strike
it out.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky opposed the amend-
ment. He thought the Ba-nk had as much right
to deal in bullion as to deal in stocks, in houses, in
lands, &e.
Mr. BENTON said he had no idea that this
amendment would be opposed, 3.5 the provision
was a palpable violation of the Constitution, and
he had supposed that it was a mistake, which,it
was only necessary to call to the attention of gentle-
men, to have it corrected.
Mr. HUNTINGTON contended that it was no
mistake, and that there wai a similar provision in
the charter .of the old Bank. There was nothing
in the bill to compel persons to accept bullion. It
was at the option of the individual, as it was with
regard to the note*. In another portion of the bill,
the Bank was atrhoiized to deal in bullion, and
how could it deal in the article without paying it
out, as well as receiving it?
Mr WRIGHT said it was not necessary tore-
tain the word bullion in this provision to enable
the Bank to dispose of it. Deal means to sell as
well as buy, and it might sell its bullion, though
not authorized to make payments in it.
Mr. BENTON. I am Duly an 'Dished at this
opposition—opposition to sttiking out a word which
is a clear breach of the Coni-tuution, and .1 mere
burlesque upon specie payments—and which in
good faith, end in great simplicity of heart, I had
supposed it to have crept in by inadvertence. In
good faith I believed it to be a hpsuspennm — a
slip of the pen—which only required to be pointed
out, by friend or foe, to receive immediate correc-
tion. The replies of the Si Bator from Kentucky,
[Vir. Clay ] and the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Huntington,] show me that I was mistaken—
that the woul was inserted understanding^ and
. advisedly—and that it will not be stricken out if
they can prevent it. It now becomes my duly there-
fore to sustain my motion, and to give reasons for
expunging this word from th? bill.
The word is contained in the 22J fundamental
article of what is, fancifully, called the consdim
tion of the Bank.   The article is in these words:
"The sa/'l Bank shall not ■pay out the notes of any other
liunk, or any thing except legal coin, bullion, or its own
■notes "
The general import of this article is restrictive;
but there are exceptions to the restriction, and these
excepuons are permissions. What is excepted,
is permitted; and among the exceptions, is ¡he per-
mission to pay out bullion. Bullion, then, is to
become a tender at the counter ot fh-i Bank; a
thing, in the language of the article, to be paid out
in discharge of the note?, deposites, and other debts
of the institution. This is a flagrant breach of
the Constitution. By that instrumtnt nothing but
gold and silver com can be a tender in payment of
debts, either public or private. The bullion must be
corned before it can be tendered; and, in the
case of foreign coins, they, although co ned,
are not to be a tender, except specially made so by
act ot Congress, and the value thereof fixed by
law. Sir, the unconstitutionality of this tender is
too gross for argument. It is plainly and obviously
a palpable breach of the words and of the spirit of
the Constitution. I proceed, then, to its inexpedi-
ency. Certainly nothing can be more inexpedient
than to allow the National Bank to pay its debts
with bullion. What is bullion? MRshapen masses
of gold or silver metal, in lamp-, bars, balls, or
we-ges, more or less impure from the admixmie
of foreign substances ! Such is bullion, in the com-
mon acceptation of the term. In Eng'and all fo-
reign coins are bullion; for no foreign coins are al-
lowed to be a tender there. With us, all the foreign
coins which are not made tenders by act of Con-
gress, may come under the legal idea of bullion;
July, 1841.
Senate.
but the primitive and common acceptation of the
term is, that state of the precious metals when, be-
ing smelted, and ia the form of bars or ingots, they •
are not yet comed. Plate also comes under the
idea of bullion. If, then, this word shall s'and in
the bill, the Bank will have the privilege of tender-
ing lumps and masses of impure metals to the
holders of it notes, or pieces of plate, or uncurrent
coins, the value of which can only be ascertained
by an assay and a skilful chemical analysis, and
which must be either carried to the Mint or sold to
a broker. Certainly this would be a very pretty
and a very effectual mode of preventing caIIs upon
the Bank for the redemption of its notes! The
tender of an ingot of gold or a bar of silver would
make the note holder recoil from the counter, and
resort to a broker to sell the note for so much coin
as it would bring. Tnis is a new privilege never
yet granted to any bank, and less occasion for it
now than ever, since the branching of the Mint has
multiplied the facilities for coining, and has taken
away all excuse for tendering bullion, even if it
was constitutional.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Hdntino-
tonJ is most egregiously mistaken in the matter
of fact, when he says that the late Bank had the
right to pay out bullion. It had no such right.
The charter will show it had not, to any one that
will read it.
But the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Cut,]
and the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Hunting-
ton,] ask if the Bank may not deal in its bullion?
may not sell it as well as buy it? Th? Senator
from New York, [Mr. Wrisht,] has already given
the proper answer to fhis-qucstion. He has shown
you that dealing in an article i.-, one thing, and a
right to pay your debts in that article is quite
another thing; and that the ninth fundamental arti-
cle of the charter has given full authority to sell all
the bullion they possess. I will read the article,
and show that it is all the Bank can ask to autho-
rize it to disp.ise of its bullion.    This is the article:
' The said corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, deal or
trade in any thing except bills of exchange, guld or silver coin,
or bullion, or goods, 01 lands purchased on execution, or taken
bona fide in the payment of debts, or goods which shall be the
proceeds ot its lands. It shall not be at liberty to purchase
any public debt whatever, r.or shall it take more than at the
rate of fix per centum per annum for or upon its loans or dis-
counts."
Mr. B. continued. This section gives the Bank
all the power it can wish over its bullion, and all
that is asked for by the Senators who oppose my
motion. The article gives them a right to deal and
to trade in bullion. This gives as much right to
sell as to buy, and if the contrary is maintained,
and if it is still insisted that authority must be given
to pay out, in order to enable them to dispose of it,
ihen it will be necessary to enable them to dispose
of their lands, houses, goods, stocks, &c. that au-
thority should also be given them to ■pay out these
goods and lands in discharge of their debts.
But enough. The thiDg is wrong. Thi* autho-
rity, in this new Bank, 10 pay out bullion, is un-
constitutional, unprecedented, and preposterous.
It should be stricken out from the bill; and I demand
the yeas and nays on any motion.
Mr. WHITE called the attention of the Senator
from Missouri to another portion of the bill in
which the Bank was required to redeem its notes in
"gold and silver." He suggested the propriety of
inserting the word "coin" after the word* gold and
silver.
Mr. BENTON thanked the Senator from Indi-
ana for his suggestion, and made the motion to in-
sert com, which was agreed to.
The question w as then taken on the motion to
strike out "bullion," and it was agreed to—yeas
26, noes 21, as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Choate, Clay of Alabama, Cuth-
bert, Fulton, Kmg, Linn, McRoberts, Mouton,
Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Siurgeon, Tappan, Walker, White, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and Wood-
bridge—21.
So the word bullion was stricken out,
