July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
27th Cong,.... 1st Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Van Buren.
H, of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. VAN BUREN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, July 10,   1841—In
the Committee ot the Wnol , on the bill to loan
$12,000,000—the motionVemg to strike out the
enacting clause
Mr VAN BUREN said that he ro«e to oppose
the bill, both in the principle involved and in  its
details     But he begged leave  to  piemise a few
words on tie subject of  the odious and arbitrary
rules which  the  majority had forced upon   this
House—to raise his voice against  the oppression
of the rights of the mino ity—against the gag upon
the liberty of >peech—that no v at this extraordi-
nary session, convened at this unusual season of
the year, when the majority propose, as it were, to
change   th   whole system  of our Government,
when the action of tV Ho««e has been limited to
four or five of the most important measures which
ever claimed  the  attention  of Congres ,   when,
above all others, debate st-ou'd be  free and un-
trammelled, w en discussion upon the  principle0,   j
the details, the veiy wording of these bills, s'sou d
not only  have  been  permitted, but  invited,  by
the majority of thi-. Hou^e, to the  fullest extent,
they have chos°n  to violate the long established
usages and practice  of this House, which   have
heretofore allowed freedom of debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole (and which c®uld only be ar-
rested by the good sense of the members, to be ex-
pressed by   a vote of two-thirds,) by  decreeing
that a majority can at any time take a bill from the
Committee of the Whole, and put on the gag when-
ever it «'ha1! have been so resolved upon in caucu*
I  believe that the majority ought to control th">
business of this Honse, but it ought not to be done
by suppressing debite. I am opp< sed to a factious
opposition    But have   the minority showed any
disposition to waste the time of this body1   On t'-e
contrary, has not two-thirds of the time, thus far,
been occip ed by  the re-n^ks of Whig members
upon this floor?   I consider the rule unjust, the
practic? of the majoruy under llilhberal and tyran-
nical m the extreme
But, Mr Chan man, as I voted for one of the re-
strictions—the hour law—I must beg the indulgence
of the commiUee for a moTt nt m explaining that
vote It was not because I considered it right m
itself, on the contrary, it is my sincere belief that
the best interests of the country, the very liberty
and independence of the nation, depend upon the
most cireful, serious, and maturt deliberation and
upon the most full, free, and unre-tr c ed discus
sion in the e Hallo
But, sir, when I saw th s majority, aftei having
established their vd ous gai law limiting th  debatt
upon the all importan* bill distributing the proceeds
of the public lands to six days, in a Hou^e contain
ing two hundred aud forty members—and when I
saw gentlemen of the majon y (and thus far they
have been the mo^t successful m obtaining the
floor) making two day speeches to consume this
very pittance of time whicn had been doled out to
us I voted for the hour restriction because, under
the circumstances in which we were placed, it
would give the largest liberty to the largest number,
and the complaints which several ot th  majority
have already mode on this subject, induce me to
believe that my vote was correct, and thit, ere
long, they themselves will l-nnce their s eps
But, Mr Charman, a^refoim is jow all t e
cry and as .ill now claim to be Democrats, an * in
favor of equal rights, I would suggest to the "de
die in diem" Committee on Rules o introduce
another clause to the 127ih rule that no member
who hid already -poken (« th the exception of the
person who 1 ad introduced a bill or resolution)
should again have the flior upon no occasion
•whatever, until all who were desirous of speaking
should have had an opportunity of being heard
Courtesy and the good sense of members wiuld
accomplish the rest
It is a just and true remark, that this age is go
verned too much, and as hasty and inconsiderate
legislation is one of the greatest evils under which
wi labor, it is much to be preferid that sometimes
a worthy bill may be tenwomily defeated by too
much talking, than that bad measures should be
10
hastened through without ieliberation and without
discussion
But to the subject before the committee
Mr. V B continued by stating that he was op-
posed to the bill under discussion upon principle,
and its de ails, he considered it unnecessary; and,
at all events, improper now—all the States not be-
ing represented on this floor It is infringing on
the fundamental principle of our Government, that
there should bt no taxation without representa-
ton.
It had i een stated, and reiterated again and
aga n, it hpd 1 een decided by a solemn vote, that
the reasons for calling this extra session, at this ex-
traordinary time of the year, were for the passage
of certair lass which have been denominated mea-
snresof relief
Whert, Mr Chairman, is to be found the war-
rant tor this assumption Is it, sir, in the inaugu-
ral of the late President^ No. Is it ia the procla-
mation convening us' No Is it to be found in
the memorable dying words of General Harnso',
that the Government should be administered on its
true principles'!   No sir, no.
Was the present Chief Magistrate informed as
to bis vuws? and did he coincide fully with h m'
If report speaks truth, he was opposed to this
called spssion, and at one time had under conside-
ration the propriety of the revocation of the sum-
is ens
Does President Tyler, m his message, intimate
that he is giving the sentiments of General Harri-
son, or that it contains the testamentary opinions
and wishes of the deceased Presid°nt? or that he
him«elf is m favor of the measures which the ma-
jority on this floor have assumed, shall be passed
at this session1
The proclamation speaks of weighty and impor
tant matters. That the la'e President believed hat
our finances were denn^ed to a much greater ex-
tent, and that a muci larger debt existed than thete
real'y is, there can be no doubt He had heard it
proclaimed upon all occasions bv his friends and
suoporter--. Tt would have been nnjust and lllibe
ral n h m to ha/e thought o herwise, until at least
he had examined the matter for him elf Bu>, sir,
it is my deliberate opinion, giving him credit f >r on-
ly a portion of that candor and other high quaUlies
which his adm rers claim for him, that had he
livel, and had an opportunity for investigation
been afforded to him, he would, ere this, have come
to the conelu ion that Ve had been misled, and that
this measure, it ill events, was unmesspt-y and
irairope', andtnathe would not have sustained
this hot has e n lugislattcn upon *be«e g -ive and
important subjects
But if ÜVse measures of relief referr d to in the
message are 'he testamentary bequests if General
Harrison, it may be asked vhy is it that the Admi-
nistration members, who proftss to be guided by
that will, by way of codicil, have added thereto, the
subject of the general bankrupt la^'
Wasths d me with an  honest  intention of re-
ally taking up that important matter or merely for
he purpose  t f quieting til! <*fter  the election this
fail  the  cl^moi ot thi* numeious ind influential
portion of th   Wh g Dirty, Tho, bv means of the
opoiation  f the credit sys em or otherwis- had be
come embarra   cd in their pecuniary affair", >=nd
were   desirou    of being  relieved  f'-om tfuir  diffi-
cul tes'    A'r"adv  *ix     eeks  of the «e^sjon  have
passed a"d th« chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whim   ! e  «ubj°ct has been referred,
has informed the Hr  se  ¡hat he ha" not yet con
vened a meeting of thp committee in reeard thereto
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr  Crjsrr-
ing] stitfd that there were onlj two quostions legi-
mately to be argued in regard to tWs bi"
First  Was there a df bt existing?
Second  If so, was it  proper to provide  for it
in *he manner proposed in the bill, or to seek for
some temporary relief <
As to the firs' point, as my opportunities for ex
animation have been very limited, I leave it to the
searc iing exposition which it has alreidi received
in the other end of the Capitol, and where the many
errors inconsistencies, and contradictions which
exist between the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury and the meesage of the President, have
been most signally developed.
Nor could I, sir, presume (even after the se-
verest «cruiu y and investigation) to add my thing
to the luminous remarks which have just been
made by the gentleman from North Carolina {Mr.
McKay] on this subject
The fallacy of the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts on this point can be illustrated
by a single iTnark. He stated that the amount of
the Treasury notes outstanding on the first day of
the present month, was about eight millions, in-
tending to leave the impression that that sum was 
to be provided for, bat forgot to inform us what
means were n the Treasury at the same time.
But perhaps it is the intention of the majority that
those sums, too, shall be distributed, or rather
given awav
M..V B continued by stating that he had but
one single remark more to make on this branch of
the inqjin It is frequently said that figures eaa-
not he But one thing is evident Different re-
sults have been produced by them in different
hands. If the Secretary of the Treasury, with all
ht¿ means of knowing the truth, has made an error
of $680,000, and which, after exposure, he has tar-
dily acknowledged, may he not have made others?
And is he not justly liable to the imputation that
his judgment may have been biassed and misled
by the strong desire to prove the correctness of the
assertions o' his political friends before they came
into power, that there was an immense debt hang-
ing over the nation? At all events, the lucid state-
ments and arguments on the other side, if they have
not satisfied all unbiassed minds that no debt to an
amount sufficient to warrant this bill exists, still
they have thiown a stiong doubt upon it.
There is also another reason arising on this very
discussion, tending strongly to throw doubt on this
po nt It is, sir, that gentlemen, as is very usual
when a mat er is difficult to be proved, have as-
sumed it as a fact, and have turned their labor to
prove that the debt was the work of the previous
Administran in, and that the present had inherited
it from the former.
Why not postpone the passage of this bill, so
vital in i s c -¡sequences to all, until the regular
session, when all the States will be represented,
and until the existence of the debt, and the neces-
sity of this 1 an, are made evident.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Sal-
tonstall] a «ed the committee very triumphantly
whether, when President Van Buren came into
office, there was not a full and overflowing Trea-
sury?   And where was it now?
The ansviertothe question, what has brought
about the present state of affairs—what led to (he
difficulties and embarra°sments oí the commercial
world—of the finances of the Government—to the
suspension rf specie payments by the banks, with
all its attendant tram < f evils—to the overthrow of
the late and the setting up ol the present Admt-
nis ration—-is plain It was the deposite bill of
1836, or, as it was now termed, the distribution
bill, lending, or rather giving away to the States
he moneys th-n in l^e Treasmy, without reference
o the just wants of the General Government
Who advocated t' Who onpo ed that most d>s.
astrous mea-ore?   Let jus ice and candorspeak.
I ask g mlernen, did not ih° only opposition pro
cee 1 from those friends cf hs tnen Administration
who were supposed to be m the confidence of Mr.
Van Buven and who are still to be found m the
-anki. of the Democrat' Wis it not passed by
t íe vote^ of all the Whigs, (save one,) together
with a rortu n of the then Administration party,
many oí when ate now to be found in the ranks
of our opp n-its, the most unscrupulous vilifiers ot
n«r former mends, and the strongest deneuacr-
of the weA ores pnd principles they formerly sun-
P°The gentk man near me [Mr. Wise] says that
the maionty of botn parties voted for it True. I
reoeat str, that the Whig party all voted for, and
advocated the bill, and that many, very many, of
that portion of the Democracy that did so, are now
o be found m the Whig ranks, and som- i tvng in
he highest seats m the synag gue What n<-l
have those who supported this measure, to condemn
