146
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27TH   CoNfa. ••  1s>t Sess.
Loan Bill—Mr. Welter.
H. of Reps.
it, or to attempt to throw the odium oí the results
produced hereby upon their opponents' But, sir,
they do not condemn it. It is only the evil  that
have resulted therefrom, which they wish te lay on
the shoulders ot the late Administration So far
from condemning it, they have been carrying out
the sam* principles. Have we net, sir, with this
very loan bill upon our tables, been dissipating and
scattering to the four winds of Heaven the only
property which these United Stales, as a Confede-
racy, could justly call Us own?
Gentlemen ask, if 'he nation is in di bt, whether
we ought not to pay? True, but does the present
bdl provide for the payment? No, sir, it postpone 
it to a future day. It does not propose to provide
the means of payment—but toborrow, and certainly
it cannot be necessary to prove that borrowing m
one place to pay in another, ever yet cancelled a
debt, it only increases, the evil The friends of the
bill, on this branch of the argument, have drawn a
parallel with individual debtors and creditors
I ask what could be the reply ot a creditor, when
application was made for a loan, if it was based
on the ground that the borrower bad yeuerday
wantonly given away all his property? Would not
the answer be, sir, you should have reflected, you
should have been just, before you were generous?
Bat let in pursue the parallel Suppose the
Union was to be dissolved, (whicl. God forbid,)
and a commission oí bankruptcy was to issue to
settle its affairs, what weuld be the assets which
would come into the hinds of this commiSMor?
Would the revenue to be thereafter derived from
duties, and to which the majority on this floor have
referred, as peculiarly the common propc ty (f
this Government, be any portion of tnos,e assets?
No, sir, the power to impose them would revert lo
ihe individual States, m whose bordéis they were
to be collected.
And would not the only true and legitimate as-
sets, in addition to our ships, fort'-, arsenals, and
other miinmons of war, be the public domain, ac-
quired by the common bkod and ireaureof tie
whole?
Is it not, therefore, the height of foily, at the very
time a loan is called lot, to give away the only
source of revenue which the General Government
can legitimately claim as its own?
My colleague over ihe way, [Mr Barnard 1
stated that ih~ Stale debts weie a fearful subjeci,
that other nation? looked upon us as a consolidated
Government,and thatthe Governments oi Europ
would hold us responsible, as a whole, ¡or the debls
of the sepal ate Stales.
What have the Governments of Lur< pe, as such,
to do with this matter? Does the gen k man mean
that enher oí ¡hese loins were takei, or ate now
held, by any o' those Government' I so, mscei
tainly cau e foi rigrettbal any oí t e sute', by
their improvidence or extravagance, snould hue
placed themselves under obligation to them But
still there is no cause for fear The lessons of wi -
* dora are often best taught by bitter expentnc
Does the gentleman mean to b( unleolotd
that money fangs ot Europe believed < i had even
the remotest idea, whtn they weie negotiating the
stocks of the individual Sta es and corporations,
that they were dealing with or hid tht faith < 1 the
Whole nation pledged for tneir redempH n? It so,
why was the famous case whether the States bid
the right to repudiate the d-bis they hail cieit A
propounded to ihe Secielary of State wh"n he ban
the honor to r present the great borrov.irg systen
at the court of the money lenders oí England, fi i
his solemn opinion, as a great constitutional lav
yer1 Why the famous letier of the ( hancdlor of
ihe Exchequer, (as it was called,) cal ng upon th>
General Govrnment to sustain thesinl mg credit ¡ t
the individual States, by the issu r ption oí ü o
¿ebts contracted by them'! Why, sir, it the
Tjmted States were a ready hoi < as prin-
cipal "^hy call upon the General Govern-
ment to °ssume the liability of endorser ?
Upon the same p.inciple they cam all upon us
to make good all t£<"ir losses w.th r< porauonscr
individuals No, sir, no Mich idea ever existed
It the Government of Europe chotse t > assume ihe
matter for their subjects, an 1 make it cause of r -
fence to our Government, so be  it, %ie must abiie
the contest. If we are attacked—if haughty, ambi-
tious, and a'1-grasping England shall attack us—if
our comrr-on country is again m danger, I (rust we
shall throw a*ide all party bickerings and feelings
—that we shall then be united—that if war should
again hover over the land, ws shall have no blue
lights, no peace party, no Hartford conventions, to
paralyze our own operations, or to give encourage-
ment or confidence to our enemies.
Mr Chairman, let the S ates pay their own indi-
vidual debts, they are abundantly able to do so
Let them pursue the proper methoi1 If they have
been improvident, let the present generation, wh ch
has spent ihe money, provide the meai tf pav-
ment, at all events, let not the States w towards
ihe General Government as towards a u.f ign Go-
vernment, let them not believe that any ¿^vantage
is to be gained by robbing the common Treasury.
Mr Chairman, I am opposed to the whole s>s-
tem—the debí, Bank and distribution bill—which
is now being developed This bill is only one ol a se-
ries which is to result in an immense funded credit
system, founded m debt, and which, if earned out,
will create a great central power, to bo located
here, controlling the press, preventing public
opinion, destroying the purity of ihe elective
franchise, and directly tending towards con-
solidation, and, under a, latitudinanan construc-
tion of the Constitution, swallow up all S'ate
rights and all State sovereignty, and «hich
wil, n is to be feared, prostrate the independence ot
thi  Republic at the feet of the fund mongers ot
Europe, which will yearly r.xact from us the tri-
bute of the earnings of our industry n the shape of
m'erest, and eventually take away ftom. us the cus-
tody of ( ur own money, and deprive us of the right
of self government
I have also insupei able objections to the details
(f the bill The eommuiee, m Ihe fifh section,
pledge the faith of the nation for the punctual pay
ment of the interest and íedemption of the prin
cipal Would it not haveb en better to have pro
vided the me-ins oi p^ment Jefferson la d it down
asa  ule, (I quote frcm memory)—
"Tnat no Government or nation ever ought to
create a debt without, a' ti e 'ame time providing
the means by tax or otherwise, to pay the interest
and redeem the principle within a reasonable pe-
riod "
Does thi  bill do this? The reverse is the case.
This bill is irtei ded to supply the deficiency
created by the extraví sanee oraeneiosity of the day
belore And thtydw not assume the lesponsi-
bihty of resortin'lhe only just means now left,
fixation of the presen' generation
What n>ht Into.th'sgenerality or this Congiess
whuh is setting at n( ught tbp 1'ssrr-, taugnt
by the lath i of the Demo racy, and i-, acting on
the prmc pk luat Ihe children are wiser m iheir
generatm than their falhsr were, to assume hit
their ch klren, «íih the light of experience w"i n
are fiirm htd to tl em, and m th s ige of pi ogres ive
improvement, will not posse s ihe like superiority
ever as?
Wbal right have v.e to siy to the n it Conares*,
or lo the Congress which n ay be convened in
1850, you must pay this debt, we had not the
coinage to assume the responsible"/ rf taxing our-
selves, oi if r'trerohinw our expenses witlnn our
own r>sm ree ? Will tittthev, oo, b  -¡pt to act
up n ti e precedent we h™ve set them, and in-
stead of assuming the odii'm of a tax to pay
this debt, te read} to shift it from themselves
uoon tu ir posttruv, thus ad ng debt lo debt, and
borro i m  until «e, tto, ai  the debt ridden, and
oppressed natir n that England now is
Refnm "nrl 1 eh enchmtnt were bj wito^'irds
uiderwnich e present Administra on came into
p iwer ■Nh'M hasbe^n heir r form hut an indis-
criminate píos nption for opinion's sake, bv those
 ho we <- t< ' pn cnbe even prr scrip ion?" What
the retrenching I but a l?^ i^h squandering of th 
people'i monej, and a proposed system <f appro-
priations, which, if c rned out, will swell tbe ex
penddures ot Government many millions beyond
what, before the eleci.on, n as deemed tbe extra-
gance of the former Administration.
Change, change   change,   was the   hope   that
| cheered   many to the contest, and truly, sir, a
change has come over the councils of the nauon
—a change that many well meaning citizens, who
were cheated and humbugged into the support of
the present Administration, will long and seriously
regret.
But, sir, as the deeree has gone forth lhat th
bill must pass, it is my intention at the proper
time, (it now not being in older, as I understand
the practice of this House,) to introduce an amend-
ment as the fifth section, which I will now read
for the information of the House:
Sec 5 And be U further enacted, That that the proceeds
of the public lands for the term of four yeaisbe, and ihe -ame ave
hpreby pledged for the punctual payment oí the interest and
redemption of said stock
And now, Mr Chairman, having a few minutes
of my allotted hour left, permit rae > enter my
solemn protest against the spirit of a reD atk, which
fell from my colleage over the vtay. I understood
him to say, that whenever the South were t red of
us of ike North, he was willing to shake hands,
and part in friendship Would it not be better
for the North, instead of dnv ng our brethren of
Ihe South to desperation by abolition agitation, at
once to forbear interfering in matters with which
we have no business, and leave them to settle their
own domestic difficulties and affairs among them-
selves, and instead of drum  them to nullification
by the oppression tf a h'gh tariff, at once to
arrest the measures which must inevitably cieaie
a necessity for a high tariff1 It i  painful forme
to hear the dissolution oí the Union lightly spoken
of, it is a subject too sacred to be tr ied with, for
I most conscientiously believe lhat the same mo-
ment which beuolds the dismemberment of this
Union, will be fatal to the independence and hap-
piness of the citizens of the States
Mr Chairman, permit me, m conclusion, to
make a single remark on a subject which has in-
cidentally peen drawn m o this debate, which, in
itself, would, perhaps, be unworthy of reply, if the
same silly strry had "ot been industriously circu-
lated out of door , i refer to the ndi ulous ex-
cuse given by my codeague over the way, [Mr.
Morgan,] to sustain his vote appropriating $6,000
for additional furniture for the White House, after
endorsing Ogle's inventory of i s splendor and mag-
nificence I was gratified on h s own account, that
the gentleman, however ready he might be to
throw out ínnnuaüor, or give countenance to ihis
pitifal slander, was not disposed to render himself
so ridiculous as to rr=e in nis place to endoise a
matter so absurd in l *-elf, and perhaps totally un-
worthy of serióos nonce, for although that illustri-
ous statesman strnds too high and exalted m pub-
1 c fs imalion to be reached by the assault  of my
colleague, and ( res no require the defence of so
humble an mdi"idual as myse f, st 11, s r in behalf
of the Democracy of the State of New Yck, who
venerate Mr. Van Buren as one of her noblest
son?, as one of the proudest p liars of t>e Demo-
cratic cause, permit me to cast back all ^uch insi-
nuation, uith corn, and to say to h s puny assail-
ants, that even bcfoie the soort period shall have
elapsed whKh shiU cinMgn th m and those apos-
tates who, in the hour of difficulty, abandoned their
political fa th, an! turned recreant to the Demo
cratic caus , into rawed ins gnihcance, a ju t and
discerr.inp public v ill become not o ly fully satis-
fied of the parity and unbending integrity of cha-
lacter < f the late President, but also of the wisdom
of the measures wmch he recomiien led, and the
moral firmness aid ability with whi"hhe sustained
them throng1) good and through evil report On this
point I have an abiding confidence in the "sober
second thought of the people "
SPEECH OF~Mr7wELLER
OF OHIO
In the House of Representatives, July 10, 1841—On
the bill authorizing a loan ot twelve millions of
dollars
Mr Cnairmap I have no expectation that any
thing I may say will affect the vote oí (his com-
mittee upon the question now pending, but I
have a constituency at home deeply interested in
thr-, as well as the other questions proposed for
our action, and I am anxious that they should
fully comprehend   the length, the  breadth,   and
