^52              __________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________               July, 1841.
1 2-7th-CoííOí- -1st Sess.                                       Loan Bill—Mr. Hunter.______________________H of Reps.
-   Mf- --■ ■■  ■             '                                =
the pohtical history of almost every conn-
try; and in. their fierce collisions 'unk all of
the Republics which have heretof re existed,
aha which did not fall a prey to foreign invasion
tHÉtere theirsocieties were corrupted and degraded
by the false principles upon which wealth was dis-
tributed. To what, sir, but this, must we aitribute
the flechne and fall of that society which, for its
"comhiiiaiKms of skill and strength," exceeded all
thatexlstedm ancient times, and challenge": won-
de'r and admiration even at the present day? Fol-
low the progress of that old Roman spirit from the
day when, nursed in the "discipkna teti tea el tnslis
vetervm Sahnormn," it first laid claim to the mas-
tery of the world through all its transformaiions of
decline and decay, until it can no longer be recog
ateed in the depravity and imbecility ot the modern
lazzarom. What do we see in the closing pages of
that instructive yet melancholy history, but the in-
fluence of a Government administered not for the
many, but the few; and the spectacle of a people
whose faculties sunk in the oblivion ol sloth, when
that Government took away the incentives to use
them, and attempted to reverse that primeval law
of human happiness and of individual indepen-
dence, "in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat thy
bread?" Whence, sir, were the agitanons of the
Qiraccht, the factions of Scylla and Manus, of
Ceesar and Pompey, and the bloody proscriptions
of the triumvirate? What, sir, is the history of
these, and of the succeeding days ot that empire,
but the evidence of the mastery of the few, the di-
vision amongst the plunderer* themselves, and of
the decay of the national «pint under that species
of domination, until ihose
ilWhoonce with undisputed sway,
Gave armies, empire, every thing away
For two pool cUims had long resigned the whole
• And only ask the Circus and the Cole "
If such, Mr Chairman, have been ihe parties,
and such the effects which have arisen undei other
Governments, from the unequal distribution of
wealth by law—or Irora unequal disbursements,
if you will: why should we shut our eye  10 the
consequences of such a system here? Why should
the American statesman aione refuse to consider
that master problem m political science which has
engaged the most earnest attention, not only of phi-
losophers, but of legislators, in other countries,
from a remote antiquity down to the present time?
Is there no reason to apprehend ihe formation of
such a party here? And are ihete no means by
which it might become formidable, if it should not
be entirely successful? I do not say that such a
party exist , but suppose that it did, and had
planned a conspiracy to plunder ibe tax-paying
many for the benefit of themselves It may seem,
at ihe fir^t view, that the tax payas outnumber
them so far (hat there could be no possibility of
their ascendency. They would, therefore, resort to
art and management; they would look first for the
means of bribing one clasi of the community, or one
section ot the Confederacy, by plundering some
other. A fit measure for such a purpose would be
a protective tariff, a scheme to tax ihe whole for
the benefit of a part—the many for the few
They might thus secure the assistance of the privi-
leged and protected cla^s, not only in this, but it
may be in other scheme , to plunfer the less fa-
vored classes in the community Let us suppose
now, sir, that having gained this assistance, and
collected a large revenue, they still felt their pha
lanxtoo weak for the odds opposed to them- what
next would they do? They would seek a mode of
dividing the different sections ot the confederacy,
and of calling some one of them to their assistarce,
by holding out to it the prospect of plundering the
others. They would set on foot some grand plan
for expending lartie sums of money upon works of
internal improve .lent—upon the construction of
artificial harbors—the removal of obstructions in
rivers—the erect on of piers, breakwaters, and sea-
walls, and so contrive it that the benefits of these
works should pbe distributed as unequally as possi-
ble. And tow, having secured new allies, by dis-
bursing upon a< part the taxes which were raised
from the whole, they would have accomplished
much But one thing would still be wanting
They would desire some instrument which would
enable them to depeess the value of property to-
day and elevate it to-morrow; to increase the profit 
ot one class of producers, and dimmish those of
another; to transfer irade from one section of the
community for the benefit of some other; to silence
popul r clamor, when they wished i , by raising
prices; and to produce it, if it better suited their pur-
poses, by depressing them; to distribute, in short,
the profits of trade and labor as they pleased, and
by means so secret, and machinery so invisible,
that none but the initiated could know by whom
aad bow it was done Where could so admirable,
so efficient an instrument be found? The refine-
ments of modern ingenuity have furnished it in a
" National Bank " I care not for the name, sir.
It is a matter of indifference to me, whether it
comes in the flaunting scarlet of the Babylonian
harlot, with " Bank of the United S'ates " written
on its forehead; or whether, reformed in name, bat
not in spirit, it comes m magdalen attire, and calls
itself a " Fiscal Agent."
Mr. Chairman, there is yet another measure
which would be eminently conducive to this gene-
ral design, I mean, sir, a distribution bill—just such
a bill as we have lately passed. A bill passed un-
der circumstances and upon principles which virtu-
ally affirm the power of Congress to distribute the
revenue, no matter how raised, and in any man-
ner, no matter how unequal. A bill not only un-
equal upon its face, m the distribution between the
different sections of this confederacy, but which
contains the deadly seeds of future strife and divi-
sion between the various classes of society
Some gentlemen, content with this sectional view,
may flatter themselves with the pleasing prospect of
the advantages which they have attained, but
do ti ey see nothing beyond this' Do they see no
cloud which if it be not bigger than a man's hand,
is yet presagefil of storm and tempe-,1? They
have determined to distribute this money amongst
the States, but have they settled the question of its
disposition when it shall have been paid to them?
Is it to be applied to the uses of property or of
numbers? Is it to go to the stoekjohbers, or to be
divided per capita? Or is this bul to pave the way
for a division, by lottery, of the public lands
amongst all of the people of the United States?
Have gentlemen heard none of these questions
mooted? Look, sir, into the "troubled mirror of
the times," and see if, amidst the shadows which
coming events are said to cast before them, there
be not the feat ful apparition of that question which
may divide socie'y by classes, and convulse Go-
vernment in their collisions
There are gentlemen here who profess, and I be-
lieve entertain, fears of an agrarian party, which
they say exists in a portion of our country, and
which is hostile to the institutionsof property. If such
a party exists, I am not familiar either with its men
or its measures, and no one can abhor such pur-
poses more than myself But surely that lean
and hungry troop, if it in truth exists, will need no
Hannibal to lead them over the rugged passes of
the Alps to view the splendid fields of plunder
which lie below, for Ihe authors ot this measure
have conducted them to the spoils by an easier
route No man, sir, will regret such collisions
more than myself, but my consolation is, that I had
no hand in the measure which addresses itself di-
rectly to the cupidity of our people, and invites
them to convert the ballot box into an instrument
cf plunder. Of all the schemes for disoigamzmg
society, and for sowing derp the seeds of discord
and divisi n in the hearts of a people, this seems
the best yet devised fcr such a purpose It has
been said that there were some questions which can
only be settled by ' armed men upon horseback"—
questions beyond the arbitrament of legislation,
and to be decided m "trial by battle " It is net
for me to say where they are, or whence tbey come;
but if thiie be such sources of fierce collision, I
ask if this distribution bill may not suggest some of
them? But why do I invite the attention of gentle-
men to the cons-quences of a measure which they
have doubtless well considered, and for wnich they
may think ihemseives prepared; as surely they
must expect to meet these questions in every State,
n every citv, m every hamlet and cross road ga-
t1 e u g, v i n 'he steam of the carcass «hall once
iaye gone forth to invite the eagles to the banquet.
And now, sir, I ask if, with the connected means
which I have just described, the system of plunder
and the structure of power will not be complete?
And from whence is its overthrow to come? From
the people? Divided and corrupted, they wonld
have neither the spirit nor the means of resistance.
From divisions among the plunderers themselves?
One set might, indeed, drive out another, but the
body politic would be the prey of vampires still.
The form of this tyranny might, and perhaps
would, change; but when the national spirit is
once on the decline, and the seeds of decay
have been deeply planted, the immedicable ill
must sooner or later work out it sure and deadly
results.
Such, Mr Chairman, is the system which I have
denounced, because its effects, if permanent,
would lead to a i evolution that would transfer the
power of this Government from the many to the
lew—a system which, I solemnly believe, is not
only against the very letter of the Constitution, but
utterly subversive of that spirit of equality which
pervades it. Am I, then, to be considered as mi-
mical to the Union, because I seek to preserve its
Government true to the purposes of its creation?
Sir, I love the Constitution, and what ism the Con-
stitution's well as any man; but I am not like the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who seems to love
what is not in the Constitution more than that
which ts in it. But he told the gentleman from
South Carolina, that if he meant to raise the ques-
tion whether the power of this Government was to
reside in the property or m the labor of the coun-
try, he would consider it when presented. I tell
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that if such be
his disposi ion, he must consider it now, for that
is one of the very class of questions presented by
the system which he so much admires The ques-
tion whether the power of this Government shall
be vested in the many pr the few, is the very ques
tion which not this bill alone, but the system of
which it is a part, presents for the consideration ot
the people And this is not s,o much a question be-
tween the different sections—the light m which the
gentleman, perhaps, prefers to view it—as it is be-
tween the various classes of the community. Let
him, then, display his colors, if he desires to break
a lance in this quarrel, and show for whom it is
that he tilts. But whilst he reserves this question
for consideration, he makes open war upon the doc-
trines of free trade, And upon those who sustain
them, whom he seems to consider as governed en-
tirely by sectional feelings. Nay, sir, so desperate
and dangerous does be deem the heresy and the here-
tics, that he ranks these last with the hired review-
ers and foreign enemws of our institutions Mr
Chairman, I deny that i am supporting the inte-
rests of any particular secticn when I advocate
these great principles. I support in them the
m'erests not only of the South, but of the
North, and of the East, and the West; not the
interests of one, but of all classes in the com-
munity, not of this people only, but of all man-
kind, and not even, sir, of the, present generation
alone, but of those which shall succeed us. The
doctrine of free trade is that of some of the most
profound rnmdswhica the world has ever known
I believe, myself, sir, that they are the ema-
nations of a great truth, which will continue to
make triumphant progress in tne face of all oppo-
sition, until it shall redeem the world, and dispel
the darkness which hides the bond, ge of unequal
laws and selfish legislation The gentleman from
Pennsylvania may strive in vam to resist this great,
(his divine truth—for all truth is divine; but he can-
not cbscure the lights of the sun of science by any
flight of arrows which he may cast into its disc.
No, sir; that light has ns°n upon the world never to
set, and the gentleman must bave the power of
another Joshua to stop its progress—nay, greater,
for he must not only arrest it m mid-heaven, but
force it back beneath the horizon from which it
arose.
But, Mr Chairman, I should do injustice to the
time-honored State of my nativity, if I were to
take my seat without repelling the imputations of
a want of attachment for the Union, which have
been thrown out against the South. Sir, Virgini
has made as many sacrifices—has laid at least as
