July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15S
27th Cong.•••1st Sess.
Case of McLeod—Mr. Bowne.
H. of Reps
many free-will gifts upon the common altar of the
country—has borre and lorborne—has done and
suffered as much to maintain and chensh the Union,
as any other State in this confederacy. She is still
willing to do and to suffer much more, if necessa-
ry, before she would agree for a tie to be severed
from the bonds which unite us It if. no cause for
reproach if should desire that, as far as possible,
this Government s„ all shed its blessings alike on
all who are gathered beneath its shadow. But,
should she protest against any legislation here, as
unjust between the classes, or even as unnecessari-
ly unequal between the sections of the confederacy,
I hope she is not to be io'd that the alternatives are
either an unconditional submission, or else the hor-
rors of social and of servile war. What else could
have been the meaning of that dark picture of our
future woes, wh.ch it pleased the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to draw, when some one fiom the
South ventured to oppose our legislation as une-
qual? Why else was it, when we c aimed an equal
participation in ths benefits of this confederacy,
that he started up with the evidence of foreign hate
-■ and hostility towards our institutions m his hands,
as the mirror which but too faithfully reflected
our own feelings? And why, for such small cause
of effence does he depict for the Souih a fu'ure so
full of horror and disa-ter—a fate so gloomy that
his own imagination grew dark under its reflected
shadows—unless it were to point oat the danger ot
murmuring against even injustice, if a majority
should choose to perpetrate n?
Mr. Chairman, the many amiable qualities of
that gentleman have attached me to him personal-
ly, and I feel a most sincere respect for his ac-
knowledged abilities, but if, hereafl. r, he can find
nothing to convince me in those resources of rea-
son, with whicn his mird is to abundantly stoud,
I hope he will not address arguments to my feats,
with which it would be unmanly in him to coerce
me if I were craven enough to submit to them
SPEECH OF MR. BOWNE,
OF NEW YORK
In the House of Representatives, July  13,  1841—On
the correspondence of   Mr   Webst r with the
British Minister, in relation to the surrender of
Alexander McLeod.
The following resolution being under conside-
ration—
Resolved, That the i>re^id°nt of the United States be re
quested to inform this House, if not incompatible with the pub
lie service, whether any offleei of the army, oi the Attorney
General ol the United states, has, since the 4th of March la-t,
beendnected to visit tin. totate ol New\ork for any purpose
connected with the imprisonment oi trial of Alexander Mc
Leod, and whether, by any Executive measures or correspon
dence, the British Government has been given to understand
thatMr McLeod will be released or suriendered, and, if so, to
communicate to this House copies of the instruction to, and re
port of, such officer
Mr. BOWNE rose and said—Mr. Speaker. I
propose, in the remarks which I shall address to
this House, to confine myself to tne subject under
debate, which is a resolution of inquiry. I shall
endeavor to discuss us merits, and the merits ot
the general question of the McLeod affair, so far
as tbey are involved m that re-olutiott. It wou'd
have given me pleasure, had the time to which I
am limited ? ¡lowed of it—1 say, sir, it would have
given me pleasure to discuss many important
points, some of them of a constitutional charac er,
wtuchhave grown out of this affair—questions of
international law, the right understanding of which,
and the right action of Government taereon, are
of overwhelming interest to the people of this coun-
try. Notwithstanding my residence, sir, in a State
most vitally interested m this matter—a State look
ing to every movement of the Executive witti
breathless interest; looking to every decision as
solving a portion of the gieat problem of our Go-
vernment, and yet with a firm and inflexible deter-
mination at every hazard to maintain, unimpaired,
her rights__Í say,notwithstanding all this, I should
have been contented to remain silent, discharging
my duty by giving my vote m favor of tne resolu-
tion, but for the strange, the extraordinary course
pursued by two of my colleagues en this floor.
I would have contented myself, sir, with the full
8nd searching investigation given to this subject in
another branch of the Capitol; and 1 would have
i held up  those able expositions of constitutional
Uw, those triumphant vindications of the rights of
New York, and that entire refutation of the doc-
trines a Ivanced by the present S"cretary of Slate,
as my shield—a* a complete answer to all lhat has
been urged, or all that can be urged m their favor
on this floor.   Sir, after the extraordinary course
pursued by  those gentlemen—alter the sentiments
put forth on tb's floor—I feel that a would be de-
reliction ot duty kr me to remain oilent. I should
be guilty of tieason,  and recreant to the trust re-
posed m  me  by my fellow-citizens, if my voice
was unheard within the e walls, repelling, with the
indignation of conscious truth, the calumny on my
people and  the calumny on my State.    Sn,  you
have heard,  and I have  heard, on  this floor, out
fellow citizens  denounced  as "lawless banditti"
Not, sir, in a tavern, or a cro^s road; but here, sir,
here, on the floor of an American  Congress, wt
hear  the men  who are   oar   own countrymen,
bound to us  by every tie of common interest, de-
nounced as '-lawless banditti"    We have heard
them accused ot seeking a con r^versy with Eng-
land—With unnecessarily thrusting themselves in(o
a quarrel—seeking their reward in couque-t, and
the possession of a portion of her territory     We
have beard ihe doctrines laid down hy Ml  Web-
ster—doctrines dishonorable to the Sttte of New
York, doctrines whi-h cannut be borne out by the
Constitution, violative o* ei/ery known principle
of international law, we have heard tho^e doctrines
senouslv, openly, unblushmgly defended in this
hall; and, in  addition, we have been told tha> the
citizens of the  Empire S ate were --a i-^ied—that
thev acquiesced  in  the decision     Sir, it is ¡his < f
which I complain;  it n   ih s slander of the Stale
which I partially repie e.if   sir, Í deny iht charge
In the name of my own -3tite, 1 deny toe cl> >r_;e. Í
repel it wi h ni lguatioa, it is to traduce thi cha-
racter of the Sia e, tne character ot our cit zens, to
invade her sovereignly, to trample her rights under
foot, to say that she acquiesces in those doctrints.
Sir, I say, once for all—! say u emphatically—the
Slate ot New York never has, the Sta'e of New
York never will, give her liberties into tne keeping
of the Secretary ol State,  humble 1 eiself at ihe
feet of British f owe' a* his c >mmuid, or cringe in
abject  submission befire hij dishonorable fiat—
never, sir,  I repeat, whatever may be  the issue,
wi'l she abandon her rights     The man McLeod is
in her custody, he is in   ihe custody of her laws, if
found guilty, he  hill undergo  ihe punishment due
to h's crimes bu* never will ihe Empire S ate sur-
render into the hands cf "At  Webster any custody
or control over that inuividual,  Ins  trial, or hi-,
punishment.    Having said thus much, <ir, I pro-
pose to enler briefly into the circumstances of ihe
case before us. And what are the facts which have
onginated the controversy?
We found Canada—i colonial Government, v
dependency on England—in a condition far worse
than was this country when the colonies threw off
the yoke ot Bruisn powei. Repeated suffering had
made them upe ftrievolt Repeated acts of in
jury had alienated and tst'anged them Horn the
parent country The same spirt tha* warmed our
fathers—he same spark thn burned in ther
bosoms—the same dauntles bravery had eomirm-
ca'ed lis'If across Ae Nweaia. Rebellion raised
her banner, but it was rebellion against wrong
The object of lhat people, sir, was a noble one,
they fought for freedom, and for the eatabish-
ment of a republic like our own. It was no false
fire—it was no false feeling, the yoke of bond-
age and corruption pressed heavily upon them,
and they rose in th<"n might to free themselves.
What, under sueh circumstances, was to be ex-
pected from Amtrieari ctiizens'' Sir, we had many
recollections that bJund us to that s'ruggle
We, like them, had trod the fiery pa'hway, we,
like them, had endured until resistance became
a virtue. Tnere is much m our history in com
mon, and we should not have been American
citizens, we should have been unworthy of the
freedom we had purchased with our blood, if we
could have gazed upon that struggle wifhout an
emotion, without a sympathy, or without ferventas-
piratians for the success of that cause. Sir, it was
no feeling to be indulged by "lawless banditti"—
it was no piracy—it was the spirit of '76, that, ani-
mating our forefathers, had led them to declare the
then colonies to be free and independent. It was
the fire of liberty, sir; it was an emanation from
Deity itself; it was the answer to the voice of suf-
fering and oppressed humanity, it was the unal-
terable, ineradicable love of liberty, deeply im-
planted in every American heart. But, sir, I will
come to i.ie more immediate correspondence, infor-
mation as to which is sought for by the resolution
before the House.
What, sir, was the course of the Caroline? For
what purpose was she intended? And how was ¡she
used? I read now, sir, from document No 183, of
the 25th Congress, 2d session:
"On the morning of the 29th day of December last, (1837',) a
sic ambort e died the 'Caroline,' ol Buffalo, in the State of New
loik, lelt that port loi Sehlos=-ei, another port of that State,
upon the ea=t side ol the tuagara river
' That this vessel was the property of William Wells, of
the said city of Buffalo, and was commanded by Captain Gil
man Appleby, both of whom are citi/eus of the United Slates
"That she wis cleaied with the view of rurmng between the
said ports of Buffalo and ischlosser, and for the purpose of car
ryine ptssengeis and height
"lhat, on hei m ivmg down the Niagara river, she came to
at Black Rock dam and, whilst in port, the captain caused the
American ensign to be i un up
"That, soon after leaving Black Rock harbor, several mus
ket shot*, weie dischaiged it the said boat, from the Canada
shore but withoutdoirg any injury
1 JThuhei coum down the river was continued without fur
thei molestation, and bhe touched at Navy Island, where anum
berof passengers rfist mbukert, and sundry ameles of freight
weie landed
That ltom this pi ice she was run over to Schlosser, where
she arrived at ihree o'clock, p ni *he was made fast to the
dock at that place, with i chain cable, about six o'clock in the
evening
' rhat the othcus and ciew of ihe Caroline weie ten m num
ber, tint, dining the evening twenty thiee oilier individuals,
citizens of the Urn ed States, canie onboaid andtequested per
mi si in to remain theie during the night, as they were unable
o procuie lodgings at tne only tavern at fochlo^er This re
qutat was slanted and thiy letired to rest, as did the officer 
and ciew ol the b ul
'thai, about midnight, an alarm was given, in consequence
of the appioacli from the liver of four oi five boats, and, a
moment alter, the Caroline was boarded by a number of
armed men fiom said boats, who immediately commenced an
indiscriminate attack, with pistols, and swoids, and cutlasses,
upon the unatmed ciew and inmates of said vessel, under the
cry ol 'givenoquutei,' seveial of whom were slaughtered
'That the bieambrnt was yiel led without resistance, and was
immediately set on file in several pi ices, cut loose from tile
dock, towed into the cuirent of the nver, abandoned, and ulti
mutely went ovei the Niagara falls
' I hat one mm Amos Durlee, (a citizen of Buffalo,) was kill
ed an 1 left dead on the dock at Schlosser and others who es-
caped with life weie most sevuely wounded and disabltd, and
amongst them was the captain
'That severa m lividua s who were on board the boat are
still n lsaine, an 1 ihtre i  btiong reas n for believing that they
were elthei murdered, or found a wately grave in the Cataract
of the river "
And yet, sir, m the face of ihis evidence—evi-
dpne  with which my colleague must have been
more or less familiar—in the face of this crdence,
sir, we have heard him call this a piratical vessel.
What pait ol her actions, what movement, is
clouded in suspicion1 Does she wait foi the man-
ije of ntcht lo la[l on Ihe sleeping world before she
enters on a nefarious enterpri e? Does she «eek to
hide herself from tne view? No, sir, no ' There
is nothing about ner movements calculated to give
color to the suspicion, her trips were made in broad
daylight, they were open, and their object was
avowed. The pretence is idle; there is no substan-
tiality m the charge; it is contradicted by all the
circumstances of ihe ca>e
But, <-ir, my colleague says she was sailing un-
der false color , and upon that assertion he
groundb hr  statement What authority has he
biought here, sir—ffha' eviderce of that fact?
Be has read to you a portion <f a letter—not
by an admitted authority—not by an American
ci'izen—but Irom Sir Allen McNab himself.
Yes, sir, the very man admitted on all hands
as the one uho is the author of this murder, the
first cau-e of all the attack and bloodshed, and the
ser  us consequences which may perhaps follón;
the man who recened the Iscanofs pnce anda
knighthood for his acts of cruelty and hw breach
of national law, tha man who, more than all
others, is interes.ed in giving wings to the charge,
nowever fal-e, that it might, if possible, color bis
ac"s to his Government, and the acts of his Govern-
ment to this country; he who, from his very inte-
rest m this matter, is an incompetent witness—to
say nothing of the iendenc.es of his feelings and
prejudices to warp the truth- this man is chosen by
