1
27th Cong......1st Sess.
my colleague as a witness, his testimony is brought
here—here, into the hall of the Representatives of
the American people—and offered to them as evi-
dence.
Mr. Fillmohe. To whom does my colleague
rofer?
Mr. Bowne. Sir, I cannot be interrupted, at
the expiration of sixty minutes I must ce >e to ad-
dress the House on this important subject, I shall
then be gagged. The colleague to whom I refer is
Mr. Hunt.
Mr. Fillmobe    He is not in his seat
Mr. Bowne. Sir, I will make no restatements
I will make no false charges I wik make no
misrepresentations I understand my position,
and I am fully aware of what I am saying I ay
that my colleague read from the letter of Sir Allen
McNab, and that was the testimony he offerpd to
prove that the Caroline was sailing under false co-
lors, and engaged in carrying troops to Navy
Island. Sir, as to what that vessel really was en-
gaged in, I have read to the House some extracts
from the evidence taken apon the subject I have
produced here, sir, the evidence of American i iti-
zens—such evidence as [ doubt not, sir, would be
rejected by the counsel for the Crown, but such as
< 1 trust is worthy ot all credtt on the floor ot an
American Congress The evidence irom which I
have read, sir, was collected by the authority of
the Government, and by the order of the last Ad-
ministration It is eviderce given under oath,
and by men calculated to give a just and true state-
ment of facts We will begin on the 29ih ot De-
cember, and recapitulate the prominent tarns
She was running in American waters, irom one
American port to another, bennng aloft the Ame-
rican, ensign, she lay to on American ground lor
the night, and this at ,i time when we were at
peace with Great Britain, and whilst our Govern
ment was taking active and efficient mea ures to
prevent a violation oí onr nuitiality laws, and
■hereby perpetuate peace and its attendant ble^ -
ings
Sir, to what other conclusion can you come up-
tm this subject than that it was a wanton, a brutal,
andan unprovoked outrage? At midnight, thirty
three of our cili/ens had nought their rest—.citizens
engaged m the peaceful pursuit of then lawful em
ployrneni— hen vessel moored in Ameritan wa-
ters, and they slumbering in fancied security be-
neath (he protection oí their country's flag Not
dreaming, sir, of an attack beneath the sable c loud
of night, they had retired to sleep—the sleep ot
death. From the Canada tide of he nvei the
British troops approach-d slowly and stealthily
into American waters No cry of warning, sir,
rang on the midnight air No intimation was
given to those unconscious. s,ecpcrs 'hat a dieadful
destruction was near At that hour of midnight
the fatal vessel was attacked, the feel of England's
TO}rmtdons polluted our soil, the noise oí tils
charging rifles «ind pwols, and ihe suppressed
murmurs of those who were busy m the work
ot desiructun, sounded ihrougn loe stillness of
night One of our citi7tns was murdered, ir,
in cold blood, on our own shores The boat was
towed out into the curren , ir Ras tet on fire,
if not with the knowledge, at h ist wi h the
pieaumptton that human lit was th retobe sa-
crificed AJorg the lapid waters it was dm en—j.
flaming wreck, and while the heavens were enm
soned with the reflection ot the flames, and the soil
of our country stained with the h ool of our fel
low citizens, the C raime was sent <!ow the thun
denng torrent of the Niagara, and rushed to de-
struct on in its winding sheet of fire The cry of
the victims, and the shrieks of the terrified specta-
tors, were lost in the roar of i s to rent Bit
here, sr, this conduct is sought, it not to
be justified, at least to be palliated Yes,
sir, there is one voice that can be hear!
here to pronounce our coantrymen "lai/iess ban-
ditti"—one voice that cin fin 1 a redeeming fan in
this deed ef bloodshed—and lhat vjice is from New
York That voice is from the Schenectady and
Saratoga district, and, n, if my voice cou d reach
bis constituents, I would call upon tht*m to watch
ihe course of their representatives. I would call,
iir, upon the men of Schenectady—lhat city which
TDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G
Case of McLeod—Mr. Bowne.
has so recently risen like a phosaix from the ashes
of its former fire—who>e soil eveiy inch of which
is endeared to them by the memory of the past,
and sacred, forever s-icred, to ihe spirit of liberty—■
a city baptised with the blood of freemen—I
would call upon them, while they look back upon
a long line of a noble ancestry who have fought the
battles o< freedom, I would bid them luten and
hear the vi ice of their representative, speaking on
this floor by their authority, denouncing their lel-
low citizens a<s pirates an t "la vless banditti "
And Saratoga, too, sir—Í would call on the gal-
lant sons ol ihat district, waose eyes mnrning and
night look to the great battle ground of freedom—
•—who b&hold, at every step, some object to call
up reminiscences oí the struggles -nd sa nfices oí
thar countrymen m the defence of freedom—who
behold, on iheir own soil, the scenes of their
country's triumph—I would bid them to hearken to
the vo ce of then representative
Sir, another of my colleagues [Mr Hunt]
would have indulged a friendly disposition towards
this inquiry—he would acquiesce in its justice and
propriety—he would have given it his powerful sup-
port sub silenlio, had not Mr. Webber been attacked
There was the power that had turned the current
and made it flow backwards—ther" was the cause
ot the revolution in the gen'leman's feelings The
supt erteis of this resolution have thought proper
to deny the positions of thf ptes<>nt Secratary of
State—and there's the rub The gentleman can
no longer yield hts support, it is withdiawn from
the resolution, not that h loirdhis toiin rj less,
bu tint he loved Daniel Webster more And ny
colleague further tell us we must not agua e this
question while negotiation is pending, that, by sodo-
írg, we force this Government into a war with
England
Sir, I am myself opposed to war. Í was edu-
cated alter the strictest manner of the  cet called
duakeis I have learned the le ons ot peace
from the lipi of a vt iterated pare it, in ms pubi e.
and pi iva e teachings And, sir, «tfter reflection
has confirmed and strengthened the effects ot pdu
cation, those principles taught me in childhood
hive a fresh, a hvinw, and abiding mfluencp now
L"t me not be accused of seeking'o kindle the flame
of war I am for peace sir, where peace r> y hono-
rably be maintained But, sir, my rouiilrv'i honor !
ísdeartome I am not willing to ee it degraded in
abject seivility at the foot ot British power, and
least of all, sir, am I willing to ee it brougut into
ih-U condition by an Americin Secret?iy of Slate
Ratier than hat, come war if it must be so, l«t its
dangers and us horrors come, rathei than I will
■-uneider my country's honor or aciifice my
conn ry's dignity                                                       j
Sir, we have heard mwch during this debate of
the cour e of the last Administration, nc have
hea'd it cen tired as the orism of the diftxculiies in
which this ques ion is now involved S r, v hat is
the truth of this matter? When Mr Forsyth re-
ceived the lettci of Mr Fox, a lnouncmg mat the
British Goven ment acknowledged the burning of
the Ca olnc tobe an act of public force, donf by
the authority of the Government what pos ticn d d
be assume' I refer you, sir, to his letter dated on
the 26th of December, where he says, "it will be
for the cc urt which has taken cognupnee of the of-
f-nce with which Mr McLeod is charged, to de
cide i pon its validity when legally establ shed be
fore it " So much was «aid, wr, in relation to
McLeod, and the next pirasraph goes on o call
fer some action on the pait i f the Rntish Govern-
ment in refcience to the burning of the Caroline
Mr Forsyth reminds the British minuter of the de-
lays which hid already Hken place. He held both
McLeod and the Government responsible M Leod
was responsible to the Siate of New York for the
murder, and the British Government for the act
which they had thus plainly avowed. Sir, the
course of the last Administration m this mat er was
leadv and just, it did not compromise the honor of
one State, it did not truckle to the power of Eng-
land—-a power which takes advantage of everv
mch of ground that is vielded through folly or
through fear But what has the present Secretary
of State done? What h^s been the course pursued
by him?   I will refer the House to the instructions
LOBE.                                   J«ly> 1841,
H. of Reps.
given by him to the Attorney General He says-
"!t is the wish of this Government that, m case his
defence be overruled by the court in which he
shall be tried, proper sieps be taken immediately
for remeving the cause, b/ writ of error, to the Su-
preue Court of the United States " Sir, we are
not left in doubt as to what would be the result,
for, with a view to nflaence, if possible, the de-
cision of the Executive ot NewYerk, Mr Web-
ster sais- ' I am direc ed to say that the President,
upon the receipt of Mr Fox's last communication,
would have immediately directed a nolhprostqui to
be entered " Sir, it is this of which I complain—
this interference in the arrangements of the State of
New York. Mr Webster well under tood that
McLet d was rightfully under the guardianship of
New York, and that m due course he would be
tried Sir, Í trust he will be tried still, and, if
found guilty, executed. Yes, I would have the
State of New York—without crouching to any
power, either a power at home or the power abroad
—I would have her pursue her jurisdiction to the
execution oí that man, it he should be found guilty.
Yes, 'ir, on the veiy spot—in sight of the opposite
shores—on the scene of his, exploit—on the ground
whi h he had crimsoned with the life-blood of his
victim—'here would I have him, if guil y, to expi-
ate his crime.
But whv, sir, was the Attorney General sent at
all? Not t nly do I ask why sucn instructions were
given, but I ask why he wasspnt at all1 Why this
nis ion, accompanied with one the bravest of
the brave, wnose hair *s whitened in the field of
glory? Wh nee this new born interest for a British
lelon1 S r, was he qent to New York to give as
sistance and advice to the State1 Was he to piof-
fcr his aasistauec to maintain the inviolability of
justice1 No, sir His object was to consult with
the accused —to ofiVr his counsel and advice to
him—'o direct ihe mode of his defence m such a
riamei that he should easiest eseapp the threaten-
ed punishment Not between the Government of
tt-e State of New Yo,k and the Executive was this
correspondence, but between the Exccu'ive and
the accused
Nr w, sir, let us mquite toi a moment what was
the obj ct oí this Executive interference Was
it n t obviously to h tiuuice and control the action
of the Executive of New Yoik1 Sir, I am happy
to bsar the tribute to the present Executive of that
Slate, and i-ay that he took a high and noble
stand m reference to this matter. Belonging to
another party, sir, ard opposed to his doetnnes on
other subj cts, I approve, most cheerfully approve
this It ia the only public act oí his life which
mee's my approbation, and it gives me pleasure
to smgie this out Yet, sir, after ail, theie was a
strange air of m)s'ery hanging aiound this mis-
sion There was something lurking beneath,wmch
baffled common vision, and there seemed some
cloud hinging around me non-interference of the
Execut ve oí New York Wh), sir, he should
have indigi autly •-ent me Atlorn-v General back
again to iho * v ho sent him, he should haie re-
pelled e>ny attempt at interfererce will the nghls
of a sovereign S'ate, and that sovereign Sale in
the discharge of its duti"3 m the impartial admini-
stration of justice
S r, v/hat other object could ha\e been had in
view than the lrfluencing ot the decisions cf the
courts of New York? Í claim to be no profound
lawyer, nor do I pretend to be deeply versed in the
intricacies of constitutional law, but I know-
enough ot it, sir, to kno w that nowhere can the
Secretary of State find a justification in the Con-
stitution for this interference Sir, where is his
authority, under any circumstances, to remove this
ciseout of tha jurisdiction of the courts of New
York into the Supreme Court of the United States?
The authority cannot be iound; it will be looked
for in vain
But, sir, m what attitude has the Secretary of
State placed us by his course?
Mr Fix demands the immediate release of Mc-
Leod, fsnd adds
And her Ma¡e±ty s Government entreat the President of
the United States to take into\his most deliberate conside
ration the serious consequences which must ensue from a
rejection of this demand "
Now, sir, hear the answer given by the Amen*
