,8                           __________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________July, 1841.
27th Cong-..-1st Sess.                                    Removals from Office^—Mr. Pierce.____________________________Senate.
lar of the Secretary I shall have occasion to allude
hereafter; for the preseat, and in this connection, I
desire to introduce quotations of another distin-
guished individual, who has been prolific upon this
subject.
Extracts from Mr Clay's speech on the Sub Treasury
bill, in Senate, January20,1840
"We have seen, withm a few years past, tne most extraordi
nary power asseited and exercised \Ve have seen, m a free,
representative, Republican Government, the power claimed by
the Executive—and it is now daily enforced—of dismissing all
officers of the Government, without any other cauee than a
mere difference of opinion"     *         *         *          *          *
"But this is not all If you call upon the President to state the
reasons whieh induced him, in any particular instance, to exer
else this tremendous power of dismission, wrapping himself
up mall the dignity and arrogance of royal maiesty, he lefuses
to assign any reason whatever, and tells you that it is his prero
gative "
"And what, sir," the Senator exclaims, "is the
consequence of a power so claimed and so exer-
cised?"
He expressed similar views in an electioneering
speech at Taylorsville, Hanover county, Virginia,
June 27, 1840—being in (hese words-
"If the President were compelled to expose the grounds and
reasons upon which he acted m dismissals from office, the ap
prehensions of public censure would temper the arbitiary na
ture of the power, and thiow some protection around the subor
dmate officer Hence the new and monstrous pretension has
been advanced, that, although the concurunce of the Senate is
necessary, by the Constitution, to the confiimation of an <ip
pomtment, the President may subsequently dismiss the person
appointed, not only without communicating the gioands on
which he has acted to the Senate, but without any such com
mumcation to the people, foi whose benefit all ornees are crt
ated' And so boldand daung hab the Executive branch of the
Government become, that one of its cabinet ministers, himself
a subordinate oiheer, has contemptuously refused to members
of the House of Repr sentauvea to disclose the grounds on
which he has undertaken to dismiss from office persons acting
as deputy postmasters m his Depattment
There may be cases o< casionally m which the public interest
requires an immediate dismission, without w uting for the as
sembjing of the Senate, but, in all such case*, the IVsident
should be bound to communicate fully the grounds and motive*,
ot the dismission The powei should be thus lendeied icsponsi
ble Without it, the exercise of the power is u terly repug
nant to free institutions, the basis oi which is pel feet lesponsi
bihty, and dangerous to the public liberty "
Accompanying the nominations made to lhe
Senate dunn? the present «ession, have lhe rea-
sons for the removal been assignsd in a sing'e in-
stance?
To stop here would b* to do grt at injustice lo the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr Preston,] who
spoke in the language oí eloquence at the close ol
the last bestión, the sentiments of a man determin-
ed to abide by previously conceived opinion , and
to vindicate the professions ot himself and his parly
made before lhe people. Jn reply to a Senator
from Michigan—an able man and worihy friend,
now no longer with n"—tie s>aid:
"Alas for pool, ft ail, fallen human natiii i < It i\laulto
judge a political opponent as wi owsilnt v irouldbe ¡ud^td
"Thissystem ol pioscripuoit is iNelf tobe jiocribtd    1
stand on thatgroum'  and  to kelp we out /mill t,uj<n a-.
J am concerned, act uj'ini it     i iiticvc ill w who   ne tobe
at the head ot the (Jnvel imleiit hive l lit tli<m-,eivei upon the
same  ground    They  conn   into poirn   not  to dindf the
¿polls of the   countiy   annn^   th    mitnbeii,    if a  ¡acti n
When that pimei| It n avowed mil foil >\\e I wee ase tiomlh it
moment to beaO iveimnent ami apcoph   we pass into icon
quered nation and a conquering luction Uitt sti/es tin power
and the forms of Government only foi the gratification ot cupi
day and revenge    Nexer hate I icad, in all the paga of
political profligacy  a ^entmimt i>o detestable as   that the
Senatoi  has  ascribed to at      Machitvel bun el nevei   i i i
chived so toulamaxim,oi daiedto ivowtt   lheauthirof Tne
Punce' would blush to utu r Mirb a ¡hoii#hr
"1 protest against it, it is nor Whig docuini the Admimstia
lion coming into povvit Kject mil repudiate the lotimon-. mu
lm, that to the victois belong the ..pods lhe ^poiN —what
spoilsf ThespoiHof our common loumryi lhe «j oils of our
brethren ind h How cm/ n&t 1 the coumy a vanquished conn
try? God forbid I should is soon think ot making spoils out
of the possesions ot my own f innlv
"i shall reiist and d( notmce all &uin~ of ijfire as a pa
Ulical reward, or turning out of ijfice jer nieve política!
opinion "
This volume is filled with speeches ol yourself
and your distinguished associates, embodying op -
ruons and doctrines upon th's suhjert ?s I i ave
stated them, and as they have been understood by
lhe country lor the last ten years. I have be ore
me speeches of the present Secretaty of War, and
the strong, glowing lanjuage ofyout Attorney Ge-
neral, but I will not, by further references, waste
my own energies or weary your patience.
Was ihere any single point of policy upon which
the popular will was more distinctly express dm
the late Presidential contfs', than ihi'-'1 Who could
fail to have observed in listening totheSenitcr
from Kentucky [Mr Clay] yes'errfay, the sudden-
ness with which a change had come over the spirit
of his dream, ra'relation to what can be reasonably
inferred flora the vote in a popular election as to
the opinion of the majority of the people upon any
one great political question or measure? Why, sir,
while that Senator's powerful appeil to us on this
side of the Chamber not lo debate, not to delibe-
rate, but to enter up judgment, in obedience to the
verdict of the people rendered m November last
upon the Independ'nt Tressuty, was yet ringing in
our ears, we heard him, with equal earnestness and
power, argu ng to satisfy the Senaior from Vir-
giria [Mr. RivesJ that when General Jackson put
his veto upon lhe Bank bill in 1832, sent to
him by overwhelming majorin-s in both Houses,
upon the very eve of an elecuon—when he put
that lssw boldly and disanctly m his velo mes-
sage, and went before the people only to receive
the outgushing expression of thur approbation,
confidence, and gratitude,—the popular vote could
notbe safely or properly taken as evidence of the
opinion of the nation upon that patticu'ar mea
sure. Why? Because, m the judgment of the
Senator, it was impossible to separate that ís^ue
from the variety of i sues, motives, and induce-
ments which had their weight m tha* contest I
am not now, sir, to controvert thi  posi ion; out, in
November last, was not this question of removals
from office for opinion's sake put forward and
pressed everywhere, and in many phces, to the al-
most entire exclusion of every other qoesti ml
"Down with Executive usurpation"—."eman"ipa-
tion to office-holders"—was p'oclaimed from the
platform, floated upon your banners, teemed through
ycur press
Do not mi «understand me, sir I do not mean
to say that this, or any olher issue involving great
national questions, was made by your parly be-
fore the country in the late contest You present-
ed none in resolution  or addresses from \our great
national conventions, but, instead of them, you
resorted to all sorts of instrumentalities. Wi'h a
steady and persevering aim and purpose, you drew
away the public mind h im matters of national
concernment to exhibitions, show0, and displays,
designed to catch the public e> e, inflame Ihp ima-
gination, and calculated to take possession of the
lowest and worst passions of thff lowest
and most degraded portion of our country-
men. I shaH not allude moie partirtilarly to those
instrumentalities Whi'e I never think of tbrm
without shame for my coi ntry—without a deep
conviction ihat if they shall not be rendeied in-
famous in the eyes of this people, their Iberttes are
in imminent danger,—I «dull remember with
pude, to lhe lat.sl day of my life, that they were
brought lo the wrong market in one New England
Slate.
But, ti the circular of the Secretary ol Siafe.
The rule (if any renllv e ist) is a nulhly as it is
iilintntstered—a fact known io every man in this,
chamber, whatever may be profiled bpfore the
people, but, in my judgment, it is absurd in anv
point of light in whioh it can be regarded, and
its, promulgation an insult to the intelligence and
common «erse of the peop'e rf this country It
m-jy—from its very nature, it will—our experience
shows us that it is—made to mean much or little -
anything, everything, or nothing, to suit'he deter-
mination of the Executive and the wishes of the
expectant. I am no sdvocate for the interference
of public others m popu'ar elections It has
been my gocd fortune not to witness such ínterfe-
i ence. Their active labois, bi yond their voie, and
the fair and just express-on ot their opinion, al-
ways have been, and, in the nature of things, al-
ways must be, productive ot more h^rm than be-
nefit to the cause they desire to sustain I refer
gentlemen around me to their knowledge of humin
nature, and to the proper and commendable jea-
lousy, on fbn point, of the p op'e in all sections of
this country. Whatever may be said here, or
eKewhere, every man knows, who has mingled
with the multitude, and consequently must be
aware of that spirit of jealousy, wha , m thi > par-
tnular, is th" interest of lhe party m power.
There is but one sensible practical rule upon
this subject. If the di cretion of the < ifiee hol-
ders will not observe it, let them feel the effect
of it.
It is this- When a public officer neglects the du-
ties of his office for political purposes, prostitutes
it for political ends, or m any way abuses the
trust confided to him, to promote the objects of
a party, he should be removed, and, so tar as I
know, my party yield to that principle their cor-
dial assent. But when you transcend this, you
assail the public officer in the free and unembar-
rassed exercise of his inalienable rights secured to
him by the Constitution as a man and a citizen. If
it be not a paradox in terms, the rule of the Secre
tary is a striking ws'ance of its own violation.
Every man see«, ^t a single glance, how unequally
it mast operate in the very nature of things Op-
ponents deposed—friends appointed to their places
—the reverse never No Administration that has
ever held the reins of Government, or that ever
will, can affard to turn out the public officers who
prudentl), but openly, in the exercise of their un-
deniable rights, have done all within thoir ccope to
sustain the power that conferred upon them place.
I did not propose in the*e remarks to cite instances,
and sha'! not. But do you not know, sir, that
some gentlemen holding public offices, en your
side, hive written electioneering letters, that haie
been published from one end of the Union to the
other1 Have they been removed? No, sir. Will
they be removed? No, sir. I answer with confi-
dence, and add, that I should deplore to see some
of them removed for this exercise of the privilege
which belongs to the man and the citizen. A sin-
gle instance to this point I must be permitted to in-
troduce. The late district attorney of the State of
New Hampshire was one of the most able, elo-
quent, and efficient advocates of the late Adminis-
tration. The clerk of the district court was also a
gentleman of high energies and ability; he was also
before the people exerting all his powere, against
that Administration. What hat* been the opera-
tion of your rule? The distx'cl attorney promptly
removed. I saw him retire from office a* our com
mercial capital with grace last spring. The clerk
retired al o—not by reniova', b'it by resignation—
to accept, on the ground of character and services,
the best office, probably, m that State.
What do we w mess here daily—here, under
our own eyes, and within the scope of our personal
observation? Th* highest^ fficers <f the Govern-
ment—the constitutional advisers of the President
—engaged, if I can be permitted to refer to the
number of Executive communications vpon your
table, in th" viola' on of their own rule.
I can prove, in ma y instances, mat they have
put down their political opponents, solely to rai<e
their political friends I do not merely hope for,
but I an ícipau, the p ivtle¡.e of doing this with
open door, and ! tell my people from my place
h re, it we do not do it, it will b° because Lght is
shut out—open doors forbidden by a power which
we cannot control To what but this is lhe Post-
master Geneva! devoting his time and energie 1
The same thtrg is h omg on, through the lustrume -
tality of .he higher officers, m all lhe cities. The
principle of proscription for opinion's sake, not
s'opping wi'h «en, but extending, as appears from
the manly and high tuned letter of the New York col-
lector, to the children, ard jet, while the whole
country is m commotion by ihe/a's /icatto i of your
professions, and the removing power exercised by
the Executive upon i olitical grounds alone, the
people are msuPed by this miserable and gauze-
like pretence a" the Secretary's circular. High
public functionaries the Secretaries, co'lectors-,
&c are not only to express tbeir opinions, and to
cxerci-e sech political influence a« may suit their
taste and convenience, but they are authorized,
and, it would seem, expected, ¡o lurn out aJl
their political opponents m subordinate pkces,
who presume to exercise the like privilege of
thought and action To bring the case home-,
and make the point upon the spot. Tne day-
laborer here, under the eye of the Executive,
at work upon the public buildings, if he has dared
to lisp his political sentiments, is arraigned before
an extraordinary, (and, from what I have heard of
it, in my judgment unauthorized) star chamber tri-
bunal, and his liberty of speech andof action visit-
ed with the sentence that he must wipe the perspi-
ration from his damp brow in other service, and
seek bread for his wife and children where he can
