inly, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
27TII Cosre........1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mi. Buchanan.
Senate.
open ng ( f th s extra <essicn, a letter, of which the
following is a copj:
NfwYork M yr5 18Í1
Sir By tip rcq lest of the paities interested I begtoenclose
'he copy ol a memonal mat I have leceived, sigred by
the piojiielors of Mib^issippi stock m Lo idon addiessed CO
the Governor ofthat tetate I am requested to desne you will
be so kind as to lay the same before the President, and to do
all in your power to induce that ¡state to comply with its en
gagements
I have th*1 honor to be, sir,
lour very obedientseivant,
JOSHUA BATES
The enclosure is cU'ed&t London, May 1,1841
It ¡s an appl.eatKn of some Sixteen m rcantile
firms ?nd individual ho ders of the M s&issippi
bond-, to the authorities of 'hat Swte, praying that
immediate means may be provided for th? regular
pajment of the «ividenás and pnnc pal ol the
bonds.
Th  Me*sr> Roth^chi'ds attain apply to Mr
Webster under date oí May 26, 1841. They wale
from London as tollows, to the 8 cretary of State:
Toindov, May 20 1^41
We tike thelibcit;[ ol binólos to youi notice the non pay
mentof he emi annua! dividend due licie on the Is instant
uponiotMUOO H^'Mppi ^taieS percent bonds issued
through the Ui ion iiariK of (hal^'ate A memonal sided by
rneitjiants bmkers, and others in London, holdine the said
stock, Iil-s 'in n ? i i >€ [ hy t'limlo t p Mate Government of
"Viissi sip] i, lepie eiitnig the i justice done to them bv such a
ptoceehnff, aid the d ^credit which would iheiehyattarh to the
•Mate, and praying thitme sares may 1 c pi omptly taken lot
l edeeming the faun pledged by the Mate o her public credl
tors, aid for piovi ling mean's to pay the dividends íegulaily
We I and you a espy of the memonal en Ijsed, and beg lo sute
th it the default in tin** in tanre would not only destioy the cu
ilit of the fe ate of Mississippi, if not piomptl/ reclined, but
must ua etiady alfect the crcdltandes nnatiol of all the other
•stitcsOrthe Union Wo con^i'ei, thcr fere, that this a cast
ottheutmi t imp .r anee m a n lanual as weh as c oin lie. cial
\iuwtithe natl mal chaiactet and cie lit of the UutedMatis
an 1 trom the geneia! ex ice aliens cínchale en ertalued that
youi ab eadmirustiali n wi I piiHiiti sound po'icy, lionoiab e
as wi! as t ivantageotis to the Republic and ftom the hi h
opmonwehave formed of youi e .lightened vimvs and zea
lous regaut lot the leal inteicst^ of vo ir counti} wtluve no
(bulit thaf y0l, ftl t deem an or uuence oMhis na ure \\ nihy
oi canicular attention ami that you will excuse the llhcil} we
riaveta.euin uouo i g } cm upon ih   subject
Tins mcnoual i.tcrred to is addressed to the
Sta'c au honties of Mi si^i,pi, and l, igned by
N M RothbchiU ?ndSjnb,-rid some thirty o her
individuad and firmo, representing their own
c aims and those of others Tie memoml prays
that means miy be prov ded to pay the dividends
due F om Lon'onjfrom die Higue, Com New
York, me Secre'ary of S ate' received their appli-
cations Pnuad^lpiiia no v spnds n her shire of
demand ft'r Williams fnclc-es t) Mr Wob-
., er, nnd"r rf?tp of June 14, 1S41, from Puladt'-
phu, a memonal irum the ho'd rs ui bon Is is ued
b/ the Bank of Pen'acoln, address d t) tl>e Govei-
norandCü'n d of he femlory o! Florida, wi h
an extrfC of a le 'ei from M-^sis, Gow n end
Maix if London, b' whon hi e me>ncnal;> were
f i warded o íh s counti /
[Mr Hkoffit rise aul ínqii ed if ?"7 n ima-
ti'nh dbe-ng ven by c  is GuT maifn that tncy
w UÜ e"- um< ¡i o edc1 ts J
Mí. McKe '. m.J, ¿o, sr   I  Kr no' st.ied
any snch th'Pg     Í speak o ily from the e le'tets in
myhano; anc1  if gentlei: en lull  have -aitnoe, 1
will tell  thrtn what   1  c -nplam oí     Wi'l mem
hers    re'er   tJ    the    le «er     ot     th-     Seoeti
tary of Sia"*,   com numcapng   ih^e   le'crs   ti
the Senate  o£  the   Up  cd   S a'cs,   u d r  a call
from  tint bony?     V ha does  th  £>"r-  ary of
S'a'e sai^    Tl>at"fs<se Id en net appeirugto ie
q-ure any answers, noie haie been gitet"   In nr
huaible ju3?roent t^ey didiequne  answers anil
have no aonbt  wait ansv tr they i.ould h?ve re-
ceived rf m  th- mi adíate p'td-c ssoi cf the pre-
sen'dai. Here S^creury et eijadd ^sS-d to tnei ic-
sident-n the Secretin ol State—', o ie oi our fo
re,an ¡r nib'ers, ,n rc'a i n to   mattTi  i ith w i.'l>
weh-venochiii, todo,   ¿nl *a-n notice dutv ''
theSecre.ary of ^ t-, having re^ri 'o the firat cial
character of th  U ncr, a' o- ce to mfc-m  h s  ap
pUv 't   hat tlic r appucati )"S«ere  m-.Ji-Ci-J—
th. tf vhdn f^reoce to Mtoje
the cortroi oi i
>ir v .i
(ates—^nd   " «hi"  the L.^
I eial"Govern-aei' had "0 co inectioti? T i cours 
wou'd at once h-ie liiormed tn-se foreiga barkers
of the ni«ropi'e /if their apphcitton, and theri-
bv perhaps saveu us from fmure troub.e. I con-
iL, that I have no love ot the-e meney kirgj..
I have seen their ima^e power exened in the
European worlds.   They have held m their hands
11
peace or war. Monarch"! hive been suitors at
their counters. Tiny h¿ve wtund their golden
chainsaiound ihemovrmei ts I tV Governmentso^
Eur< p-, 'o ihat alone bv ilx tr nnl do ihey move
They have said io free lom in her6mi ch, "thus
far shalt tho j go and no farthe ," and that command
hisbeen sup'eme m the old world Must it alao
be supreme in the ne ? I dread their mfluenct,
and every American who values the permanency
of our irstitut oris, should re/oltat any proceeding
ea'culated to bring them closer lo us This very mea-
sure will produce such'aresult Tr.is attempt tofund
your all a:ed public debt, is the food whereon they
fe d With the Bepubl cans who framed the Con
iiiuuon I agree that a funded debt is ever to be
shunned, a.,d so far as my vote can mark my cb-
]"ctiot3 to i', the nesative vote I give on this bill
Will be >nost cheerfully given
But I am a ked, will you not pay the debts now
due?    Will you not give the Admim tration the
necessary means? They have means-, but they wish
mt to apply tbem  to the propel purposes.    Tno
land bill which passed ti & He use, wuhioa few days
past, woul 1, if debated, g ve you means tihcient,
ii few years, to pa) eff th s undiscovered debt    You
came into Down as the reform party     You have a
refcrmed I x cutive, and a reformed Parliament, and
why no   at once  proceed to the promised work'
Are  thpre en subjects not which jou can operate?
A ready the Executive pait oí ihe Government is
cC ivcly engage!     The Secretary ot  Sute has di-
rsc ed a etrcu ar to the wicked  ofiice holders, en-
jninu g ni ibera th   p,actieeof eveiy good qualitv
which < in elevate humaniiy   Tae Secretary of the
Navy his i <u^d an important manifesto, read this
m< nun"' to jou by the gen leman from Tennessee,
[Mr   Wani.r«on]   reeuUting   the    leng h    and
br-adch ot   the hair and wh skers of officers of the
navy.    V/it out any mttrtton to siy augr.t disre-
spect ul lo the Secret-rj, an 1 ! trust the S cr ury
and hi*, tnends will so understand me, it appears
that, by this circular, it is intended  to make ihis a
hare-faced Administration.   Next come  the Post-
re  s er General with the se the of reform     He is
not satisfied with cutt-ng off beards, but he takes off
heads    Day a ter day we hear of his decapitation
of the postmasters in various section  of the Union
L't th(? c lie' oí the Post Office D'par ment rrmem-
ber that Peter the Great p'oduced a revo'uiton by
merely a'templtng 'o cut off the beardi of his «ub-
j c s.    May  not  the  conduct of the Postmaster
General  be more   like'y to  result in a political
levolu'ion in  U is cot,ntr>?   But, seriously, sir,
are  ih* e me  reior us pro n mjJ to ihe country?
Was it for such ref rred   ihis Tast Confederacy
was agitated so c'oop y  rid ex'en lvtlv-    The peo
pie haverhanye I then rules, Lut, I amsatisfhd, to
receive  from il eir new go/ernors  burdens mi.ch
more pnevons, and exac ions tnach more galling
ihan any they ha/e yet <ufieied     If you d   ire to
a"evta'e h  divre^ir the people, examine jour
civil  and dip'o > alie 1' '     ¡ ask the ehutrranof
the Comir t'ecin Foreign Kela'ions to  inform ih
Hoase th>i necess ty there is for keepme o  our
dtplouatic corps at most oí  'tie ciu>ts abroad?    It
is at I est but an imitation of he monaichi-s ot Eu-
ro -e     What are oi r Ministers eboui?    What ate
th y enR-u-'d t'?    I tray le tod t tat if th-y do not
keep upih-"sts.ii, fireigi namns will   not send
to u .    Who "till suffet'   Certainly not the United
S'aIcs     Ambassar'o s  original!/were intended as
Wlf, in tne court u wmch ti ey  were  aceredi'ed.
Hive \ie anv necessity for asents in such  bj<-i-
ness?    Mc   Jefferson   was right  in   bis  pohcy  of
k eo >ig vtitmn ou'selves     Let m° not be  m sun-
derato d     It   th r"bc ?ny   place wheie tbev  ran
be empl    ei m e>rjing out the vie vs  oí   the
United    Staes,    ht    ihe-i   b    s'nt   ih re      Ii
not    teJu c ail  trar  ag nts down   to   ct Usui r
aoe'"'^ a . 1 /m wih find the m.eres'o o!  the coup-
t°y pn' rcced.    You hfve   ext to muke an effc rt to
ledur-i th   ni'mb rot jour cttMon-ho'se  01r rs
It is evident th t ¡t yon reduce your l-rff tJ ^ low
rae of djtie^, you take away the lndueerrent for
sm'ig«dirs-, and thereby tee necessity of etrpl.j-
ment'ot   numeious guatd'an,  of   t^e   revenu .
Moreover, if you want revenue, the beat mode of
raising it from customs n by low duties    That re-
sult has been well ascertained by a late examina-
tion of a committee of the British House of Coh-
mons
I will not attempt to enumerate tie subjec's
w'iich present a wide field for the labors oi th' re-
ft rmeis. A' the present moment I assume th" a¡-
ti ude of lesistance to this measure you propose lo
our c ns d^.rt Hon Tee reforms, we see before us,
all tend to the oppression of the mass You irtay
at emn' to conceal jour advapre; ytu may attempt
to rot exposs your «hole lin.^ cf a'Uek; but it will
ben van. You shall not force on the countiy
these measure's in detachments We are here to
sand on the ramparts and proclaim jour
movement*. The peop'e may have 'oe n misled,
miy have been misinformed, but Ihe day is a,-
proachmg when will be made appaient the leal
onjee's ol the present ni p i y. You may for a
time proceed with your legi latinn But I cannot
believe that the people oí this cou>iiry willeversos
tain any paity which will squanc'ei the publ c do-
mam to makf a deicit in die Tieasmy—create a
funded debt—estable a National Bank to hold in
it  grasp the ssucs o! ii'e and c' ath by i s pi we)
to contract and expand the curr-ncy, aiid a tar ff
which, at one da«h of the pen of th" S cretary of
the Treasury, imposes a tax ol 20 per ^ent ml e
arlicl,cs which aie now the nece> apes <f lite.
The^e are youi proposed measures ol ten f Th se
are to be hurried thiough at tus exlraoidinaiy se>.
ston of Conprc s, with he applisn'   of ext aordi-
na<yrue—«ifltng deba'e—tnd bv eveiy exlra-
otdina-y mens m \onr power Wtun th -e mta-
sures ?re ur.de-b o d and felt, as fry will be, bv
the nati m, who cah doubt the reversal oi the deci-
sion it has Ltely mide'!
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAJN,
()I   l'LNNSM VAM1
fn Senate, Wtdnesd y, July  7, 1841—On th" bill to
wcoipcr.t   h  ^ub cubero to he Fiscal Bmk of
he United Stales
Mr. BUCHANAN rcse and addressed the Se-
nate as fohow«:
Mr. Presidlnt It was originally my in-
tention, in opening this debate on our side
of the question, lo confine myself to some
ob'-erratums in reply to the report of th¿
Select Commit es in the. Currerey, and to th 
remarks (1 the S natot f'om K-mtucky, [Mr.
Clay ] winch 1 con ider as a mere supplement to
that report. Intend still to pursue .his coj be,
although the occasion is. \ery tempting to d p.-H
íro n it, and go uioie rt iarpe into th discussion.
i tnmk it fiouli bo d^mo-slMted that th's bi'l, c n-
si ered in \\^«\t ns a .r.eie Bulk bill, is a prolie-
tn n of tho daik ages of ihe world, and does not
come down b yop ! th tenth centaiy of tne Chris-
tian en, at.d th-.', in i s preparation, all ihe lignti
of knowledge, aid all the les.ons of experience on
th-subjeci of ban' if, ha-  b-en utteily dis-c-
garded But ! v. nv^ a 1 this lor he presen', ¿tnd
proceed to m¡ rtpl .
And, in ihe nrs' pUce, the cominttee declare as
«ll en deliberate conviction, that a vast majority
of the people of tl e United Siates concur in the
erp-dnncy of Cotatl slung such an institution d-
a Bark of Ihe United S aie=, and ihat they are now
looking *itii anxicui. solicitude to the deliberation
of Conare«s, u> der 'he confident hop" that a Ba-,k
of toe Unted Sta">s will be established at the pie-
sent exli Jerd niry «essio i ot Congress "
It is their' deli  ra e conviction" that a vast ma-
jrntj o( tnepaopl'O  the United S ales anxiously
de   re   th    ts ab í'hment   if a National Bank'
Whence  i1- ibis ''del. crate conv etion" deiivea'
Fion . lut source doc  it proceed'    I am entirely
at a los, even 'o cmjec'uie.    Was the quesiton ol
iNatioralBaik diseased any wheie before  t e
peoileby tnegre^t Wi ig  party previous to  the
la e Pre  d n Ml elt.nioii.    Was tne establishment
c/Mich <s B,nk then made a turning point of Whig
policy any where?   lii, cir, no, the Whigs everv
w^eie shrunk from the ques'ioa    T' ey concea.ed
then opinions on ihe subject—nay, more—in boom
Stales ot the Union they professed, that hostility to
a Bank of the United Slate  v.as one of the sardi-
nal principles of their party    The Whig conven-
tion of Virginia, in their address to the people, ex-
