1¡54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
37th Cong.- "1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
rank and standing in society for themselves and
iheit families. Truly Washington is the very spot
in which to esiabhsh a great political Treasury
Bank, and here it will flourish in the utmost per-
fection.            ;
' Bat let us proceed one step further. As If for
the very purpose of placing the^e Directors more
- effectually under the contiol of the President, their
number has been reduced to nine. Nine, sir, only
nin«i is the number. The first Bank of the United
States had twenty five"directors, and the Executive
appointed none of them. It was said, and truly
said, that the Government, notwithstanding, exer-
cised an undue influence ever this Bank; but before
they could obtain it, they were obliged to propitiate
at least thirteen of these twenty-five directors.
The number afforded some security against Execu-
tive influence. The second Bankef the United
States had also twenty-five directors, one-fifth of
whom were appointed by fh« President; but still
eight of those elected by the stockholders must be
gained over to the Government in order to obtain
a majority. As if for the very purpose of render-
ing this Bank a mere Government machine which
will work easily, the number of Directors has
been reeuced to nine. I do not say that this was
the intention; but such must be the inevitable ef-
fect. When we consider that these nine directors
are to be permanently established here, under the
very eye of the Executive, it must be admitted
by all, that there never was a better contrivance
for making this a mere rotten borough political
Bank, to be used for his benefit and at his plea-
sure throughout the Union, whenever occasion
may reqnire. But nine solitary directors! And
what else? One-third of these,—instead ef one-
fifth as formerly, are to be appointed by the Pre-
sident. They will be his own dependent creatures
and directly under his own control. In our for-
mer Banks, the directors received ne salary. It
was supposed they would'be men of business,
oirnisg stock in the institution, who would give
Jheir time and services to promote its interest and
thus to benefit themselves, as well as the communi-
ty of which they were members. But in this Bank
the directors will be salaried officers, and three of
them may be dependent for the bread which feeds
their wives and their children, on the will of ihe
President of the United States. If he can obtain
but two of the directors elected by the stockholders,
he will then have a majority of the board. In this
he will encounter no difficulty. Wealth and power
are ever ready to ruih into each oihei'-s arms; and
the Bank and the President will act in harmonious
unison. For these reasons, I most solemnly de-
clare that I believe the projet of a Fiscal F5ank, re-
ported to the Senate by the Secretary of tbeTieasu-
ry, to be (he very worst and most dangerous exercse
of the power claimed to create a Bank which has
ever been attempted under this Government, I do
not say that it is the most uneons'itutional; but this
is only because there can be no degress of un-
constitutionality. Viewing the practical evils
which would íiow from such a Treasury Bank
should it be called into existence, it defies all com-
parison with any iormer Bank. I am sorry the
Senator from Kentucky ever yielded his concent to
it so far as he has done. Let this city be the place
of its location, ana you make it from necessity the
Bank of politicians, and not of buMnc-s men.
In the days of Jackson we have witnessed the
exception, not Ihe rule. Then the money power
arrayed itself against ihe politi-al power, and ihe
struggle was tremendous. Nothing but ihe unex-
ampled personal popularity of this great man de-
cided the contest in his favor. But ihesa two pow-
ers will never again assume a hos'ile attitude
towards each other. It is their mutual interest to
cultivate the closest alliance. Henceforward, ihe
money power may play the part of Warwick in
setting up kingj§; but it will never attempt to
pull them down. It will always bo the fast friend
of the existing dynasty.
Why, sir, the very power which the Senator
V? E£mucky bas conferred upon the Secretary
ot the Treasury to examine the accounts of private
individuals with the Bank, so far from being a re-
striction upon it benetícial to the public, will only
prove to be a new source of Executive influence.
This examination is virtually confined to the Se-
cretary or his agent; because the occasions will be
extraordinary and will scarcely ever occur until
the mischief has been actually done, when either
House of Congress or a meeting of the stockholders
will appoint a committee for the purpose of making
such an examination. The Secretary, and he alone,
will thus have it in his power to examine or not to
examine, to conceal or to disclose the condition-of
the Bank according to his pleasure. Should there
be any thing wrong in its management, as from its
very nature there must and will be, what an influ-
ence over the Bank this power will confer upon him!
Whilst ihe power of examining private accounts
is virtually given to the Secretary alone, the stock-
holder who is a partner in the concern, and per-
haps interested to the whole amount of his fortune,
has been excluded from the exercise of this right,
privi'ege I will not call it, by a selemn vote ©f the
Senate. When I first read the Senator's report,
and before I hid examined his bill, I was deposed
to admit that he had at least introduced one excel-
lent restriction, that of publicity, into his- charter;
but when I discovered that this publicity was in
fact confined to the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose daily associates "in the graves of the Capi-
tol" will be the nine Bank Directors stationed in
this city, I was compelled to change my opinion.
I then at once decided that this restriction, like all
the rest, was one in name and in name only.
If you will afford real publicity—if you will
make known to those interested, who are ihe bor-
rowers from the Bank, and the amount borrowed
by each; whilst you thus inflict no real injury up-
on it or upon any of its honest and solvent cus-
tomers, you will impose a most salutary restriction
upon its operations. The tiue condition of a Bark
can never be ascertained except from the character
and circum'i'ances of the men who have borrowed
its money. To exclude the note holders and the
stockholders from this knowledge, and to constitute
the Secretary of ihe Trea.<ury, who may have no
interest in the pecuniary condition of the Bank, i's
sole examiner, will in practice prove.to be no effi-
cient restriction whatefer. Had real publicity
been required under the charter of the late Bank,
thousands of widows and orphans would have
been saved from ruin by its mismanagement.
Now, sir, what power wilUhese nine directors,
one-third of whom will be the' dependent creatures
of the President, exercise? Within (he broad
limite of the charter, their will is law. They can
estab'ish branches where they please, and remove
them when they ihink proper. On them i« confer-
red the pa'ronage of appointing all the directors
and all the other officers of all the branches through-
out the whole extent of the Unicn. But all this
vast patronage will amount to nothing compared
with the power which is claimed for ihe Bank by
its friends. If this exist, these nine Washington
city directors will possess the power to make mo-
ney plenty, or make money scarce, over ths whole
land; the power to make men rich to day and poor
to-morrow; and the power, by expanding or
contracting their issues, to raise or to depress the
P'ice of real and personal estate throughout the
Union. Toese are powers which cannot safely be
entrusted to any directory of mortal men; especial-
ly to men who mnsf, from the nature of their con-
dition, be partisan poliiiciar.s. Sir, if you desire
that the^e vast powers shall be exercised with any
regard to the safety of the people, you will act as
your fathers have done before you; you will place
this Bank at Philadelphia or New York; and put it
under the control of practical merchants, and men
of business, and not in this city, under the control
of these nine pensioned directors. If this be the
seat of Bank power, whenever a panic in the mo-
ney market may become necessary to accomplish
a political object, a panic will be created. When-
ever, in order to effect any purpos-, it may be-
come necessary to convince us, that we are the
most miserable and oppressed people upon the face
of the earth, these nine directors will be at hand to
turn the sciew to the proper point of agony. On the
other hand, when ihe President may deure to satis-
fy the people, before an election, of the benevo-
lence and wisdom of his Administration—a case
which may ere long occur; the screws will then be
removed from the patient—paper money will then
be issued in floods—a fictitious prosperity will per-
vade the whole land, and from the groves of the
Capitol the exclamation will spread over the
Union: "Lo ! how prosperous and happy our Go-
vernment makes us." I think, then, I have esta-
blished the position that this will be a Government
Bank to sll intents and purposes, in regard to the
controlling influence which the Executive will ex-
ercise over its directors.
What strange mutations do we witness in the con-
duct of public men,even within the brief space of
one or two years. I very well remember that the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky delivered a
speech here, of two or three hours in length, and it
was one of his most able and eloquent efforts, to
prove that the Independent Treasury would be no-
thing more nor less than a Government Bank. I
shall never forget the tille page of this speech Up-
on it the heads of his argument, in Urge letters,
were presentid in advance to the reader, all unit-
ing in ihe conclusion that the Independent Treasury
would be a Government Bank. If he had suc-
ceeded in demonstrating this fact, it would have
been a conclusive argument againt the measure,
and it ought to have beeu condemned and de-
nounced by all mankind; because, under afree Ge-
vernment, the money power and the political
power can never be safely united. The Senator
was then hard pushed to find any thing in ihe bill
on which to base his argument. To what provi-
sion of it, think ye, he resorted for this purpose?
Whv, "forsooth," (as the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] would say,) to that
which authorized ths Treasurer of the United
States to draw drafts upon the depositories of the
public money in payment of debts due to individu-
als. Although this practice had existed ever since
the origin of the Government, and must necessarily
continue to exist until it  end; yet this was the
provision which the Senator seized upon as the
charter of h s Government Bank. He said iha
Treasurer might abuse his trust, and, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Tieasary, might
prepare such drafts at Washington in the form of
bank notes of different denominations, and pay
them out lothepubl'ccreditors:andthey would ihen
go into the circulation of the country. Although
this abuse was rendered impossible by the express
provisions of the bill itself; yet the Senator was
compelled to adhere to it as the only provision
which offered him the slightest pretext for his argu-
ment.
But does he not perceive that even if his argu-
ment wcrs admitted to be correct, this would have
been a Government flank merely for the purpose
of affording a circulation: and jet strange as it
may seem, ihe Senator himself is now the great ad-
vocate of a Government Bank, not only of circula-
tion, but of discount and deposite, and of every
other attribute which can connect it with the Execu-
tive power. It is even declared by the bill that the
public money in its vaults "shall be taken and
deemed to be m the Treasury of the United States."
The mere name had terrors for him two yeays ago,
which ihe thing itself, in all its odnus deformity,
now fails to inspire.
According to my definition of a Government
Bank, I proceed, in the second place, to show that
the stcck of this Bank will be chiefly owned by the
Government, and that ils surplus-profits, beyond a
limited dividend to private stockholders, "will all
belong to the Government. The banks of Eng-
land and of France, to which we have been re-
ferred, are exclusively the property of private
stockholders. These monarchical Governments do
not hold a dollar's worth of stock in their own
banks. They leave the management j-nd control
of ihem to the private stockholders. Not so with
our Republican Government. We are unwilling
to confide this trust to the people who may desire
to invest their money in this s'ock; and, there-
fore, according to the terms of the charter, the Go-
vernment must subscribe ten millions of dollars, or
one third of the capital. The Senator from Ken-
tucky fearing, and justly fearing, that the whole of
the remaining twenty millions might not all be ta-
ken by individuals, has inserted a provision in the
charter that "if the deficiency do not exceed one
