166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
&7th Cong......ls^ Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
imposed upon this Bank as of but little importance,
even if they were wise and salutary in themselves.
Thareisbut one of them, however, of the least
value, even if they should be regarded by the
Bank, and that has been derived from what the
Senator would call th«i odious SubTieasury la .
Under that law, for the first time in our history,
public defaulters were subjected to criminal pu-
nishment. Their offence was declared to be a fe-
lony, and they were punishable by fine and im-
prisonment. I declare that I can see no re-
striction in the bill, calculated to have the slightest
practical or beneficial effect in favor either of the
Government or the public, except the application of
this penal principle, borrswed from the Independent
Treasury law, to the officers of the Bank. I admit
thatthis is very good so far as it goes, and there-
fore, thus far, I recall the declaration which I have
made, that this bill does not contain a single prac-
tical restriction.
As to the limitation of the dividends to seven per
cent, per annum; I think I have conclusively
shown from the experience of the two Banks which
have already existed, that they will never reach
this amount. The last Bank divided but little
more than five per cent, and a quarter, and the first
Bank, with all its peculiar advantages, which no
Bank at the present day canenjoy, divided in factbut
a small fraction over seven and a quarter per cent.
[Mr. Cuy.   Eight per cent.]
Air. BucruNAir. I have already admitted that
the dividends declared, daring the twenty years
which the old Bank existed, amounted on an ave-
rage to eight per cent.; but I have shown that it
occupied more than thirteen years in winding up,
and after deducting the interest which i he stock-
holders lost upen their capital during this period,
thsir average profits were reduced to a very small
fraction more than seven and a quarter per cent.
I repeat that the document from which I extract
this information is before me for the use of the
Senator.
Now whilst it is my belief that the Bank never can
and never will divide any thing like seven per cent.
on an average, and that, therefore, this will be no re-
striction, yet if I should even prove to be mis-
taken, I would not consider this restriction as arjy
real limitation upon its business. If the Senator,
by his bill, had confined the business of the Bank
in such a manner that it could not possibly make
greater or much greater profits than seven per cent.
this might have operated as a restriction to that
extent. But merely 'o restrict its dividends, with-
out any corresponding restriction of its business,
will produce little or no practical effect. It will
expand its loans and its issues as far as it can
within the limits of its charter, upon the pretence
of creating a surplus to be paid into the Treasury
of the United States. But when have banks ever
paid such a surplus to any Government This
surplus, should any such ever exist, instead of
reaching the Treasury, will be a most desirable
contingent fund for politicians. It will be in-
scribed upon what is technically called the line
of suspended debs, in a similar manaer with the
ten millions of suspended debt due the present
Bank of the United States of Pennsylvania. That
list of favored borrowers has never yet seen the
light; neither will any similar list of borrowers
from this new Bank, if you shall adopt no other
provisions in regard to publicity, except those now
contained in ihe bill.
The Senator from Kentucky authorizes the Bank
to contract debts to the amount of twenty-five mil-
lions of dollars over and above Us deposites, and
calls this a restriction. Way more, deeming this
too severe, he moved to strike out twenty-five, and
insert thirty millions; but wonderful as it may
seem, he failed i.i ihe motion.
Now, is there any man in the country at all ac-
quainted with the business of bankine, who believes
this to be any practical restriction. The late Bank
of the Uni'ed States whose capital was thirty-five
million!, of dollars, even with all its extravagance,
never had a circulation at any one time, of more
than twenty millions; and it rose to that amount
but for a single year. Its average circulation dur-
ing the whole period of us existence, amounted to
about elevenr or between eleven and twelve mil-
lions. And yet Senators talk of confining their
new Bank, with a capital of thirty millions, to
twenty five millions of cireulatien, as if this would
prove to be a most efficient restriction on its busi-
ness. Tnat is, by way of restriction, the new Bank,
wiih a capi'al five millions less, is permitted to issue
paper W more than double the average amount of
the circulation of the old Bank.
In this statement, I take it for granted that the
amount of debts contracted by the Bank over and
above its deposites, will be almost exclusively for
bank notes in circulation. A Bank ought always
to be a lender, never a borrower of money. It was
borrowing money abroad, as much as any other
cause, which first crippled, and afterwards destroy-
ed the Bank of the United S'ates, Had the Sena-
tor from Kentucky examined carefully the history
of this Bank, and investigated the causes of its
ruin, he never would have conferred upon his new
Bank the very same power to borrow money which
existed under the old charter. I hope this power
may yet be stricken out of the present bill.
But again: there is another restriction on this
Bank which the Senator deems important. It is
prohibited from loaning more than seventy-five per
cent, beyond the amount of its capital, or, in other
words, the debts due to it at any one time shall
never exceed ihat amount. Thus, with a capital
of thirty millions, it is permitted to loan fifty-two
million* and a half of dollars. And this is deem-
ed a wise and salutary restriction ! Why, sir, the
banking system of the United States, in the aggre-
gate, consisting of more than nine hundred banks,
scattered over the country, has scarcely ever, even
in the days of its greatest extravagance, made
loans to the amount of seventy-five per cent, more
than its capita!. In the two extravagant years of
1830 and 1837, the Bank loans a little exceeded
this proportion-, but, with that exception, they have
greaily fallen short tf it, ever ,-ince the year 1830.
Thus it appears ihat the restriction which the Sena-
tor from Kentucky woula impose on the loans of
his Bank, will indulge it to a point which has
scarcely ever been attained by our banking system
as a whole, even in the days of the wildest specula-
tion. To find such an example, we must look to
the two worst years of extravagant Batik expan-
sion which we have witnessed in our time. And
yet this new Bank is to be the prudent and power-
ful regulator which will confine the business of our
whole Sta'e banking system within proper limits.
You will thus perceive that this Bank, within the
limits of its charter, may realiza ten and one-half
per cent, upon its capital merely by discounting
notes. For example: it may loan fifty-two millions
and one-halt at six per cent, which is equal to ten
and a half per cent, on thirty millions, the amount
of its capital. But this is not all. It will deal ex-
tensively in foreign and domestic bills of exchange,
on which the premium is not, and probably cannot,
be fixed by law. On the money invested in this
portion of its busine«sit will receive a much great-
er mteiest than six per cent. It would not, there-
fore, be too much to say that, within the restric-
tions of iis charter, it may make twelve instead of
seven per cent per annum on the amount of its
capital. But will this surplus ever reach the Trea-
sury? No, sir, it never will. On the contrary, it
will scarcely be sufficient to cover the losses which
must be sustained by this political Batik in loaning
money to trading politicians and speculators, with-
out estimating the amount of plunder which ihe
Bank officers may appropriate to themselves. This
surplus will never reach the Treasury, but will be-
come the fund for these very purposes; and it will
probably prove by no means sufficient. If, there-
fore, you intend to impose any practical restriction,
which will be useful to the public, by limiting the
dividends to seven per cent, you ought to limit the
business of the Bank in something like the saine
proponion. Considering the losses to which it must
be exposed, I venture to predict that, let it expand
as much as it can, and yet it will never divide six
per cent, on an average.
But there is still another restriction on which I
desire to say a few words. I mean ihat which pro-
hibits the Bank from making new discounts or
lrans, "when the notes in circulation exceed three
times the amount of specie in its vaults."
The chief consideration which could induce
any wise Government to grant banking privileges,
is that the public may enjoy a paper circulation at
all times convertible into specie. This is the only
direct interest which a vast majority of the people
have in banks. That restriction, then, which
would first strike every mind a* necessary to se-
cure this advantage, is that each bank should be
compelled by its charter always to keep such a
fair proportion of gold and silver in its vaults in
proportion to its immediate liabilities, or in other
words, to its circulation at.d de posites, as experience
has shown to be necessary to enable it to con-
tinue the payment of specie in the worst of limes.
But this is the very restriction to which no bank
will submit if it can possibly avoid it. They will
agree to all other restrictions in preference, and
will continue to resist this to the very last. And
yet this is the touchstone which separates the alloy
from the pure gold. Without a certain, reasona-
ble and fixed proportion of gold and silver in the
vaults of a bank compared with its circula-
tion and deposites, the public have no se-
curity against the suspension of specie pay-
ments. A bank may be perfectly sound and
able eventually to pay all its debts; and yet not
have one dollar of gold and silver in its vaults.
Its eventual ability to meet its engagements de-
pends upon the eventual solvency of those who
have borrowed its money. But the ability of a
Bank at all times to redeem its notes and deposites
in specie, depends upon the amount of specie at all
times in its vaults. The experience of hanks in
this and in all other countries, has demonstrated
the necessity of such a restriction. Has the Sena-
tor from Kentucky acted upon this principle in
preparing his bill? The bill requires the Bank to
keep on hand one dollar in specie for three of its
circulation, leaving out the deposites altogether;
and fearing lest even this might prove to be too se-
vere a restriction, he has actually moved to strike
it out. Now, sir, I would not give a button for
that restriction.
The circulation of the Bank of the United
States will be nothing when compated with its de-
posits. The great commercial business of the
country is transacted almost exclusively without the
use of Bank notes. When a merchant borrows
one hundred thousand dollars from a bank in the
city of New York, he has it placed to his credit
on the books of the bank. He pays his debts with
this bank credit, without the use of any banknotes
whatever, by giving checks to each of his credi-
tors. These bank checks, founded upon bank de-
posites, and not bank notes, constitute, in a great
degree, the commercial circulation of the country.
Why then did the Senator from Kentucky, in pre-
paring his bill, require the Bank to keep no pro-
portion of spacie whatever to meet these deposites?
They are immediate liabilities of the Bank as
much as bank notes; and payment of them in
gold and silver may be demanded in large masses,
equal to two, three, or four times the whole amount
ot the circulation. And yet the Senator, by his bill,
has excluded these deposites altogether; and he now
desires to get clear even of the restriction requiring
the Bank to keep one dollar in specie for three of
its circulation.
According to the testimony of Mr. Horsley Pal-
mer, the late Governor of the Bank of England,
before a committee of the House of Commons,
"The average proportion of the coin and bullion,
which-the Bank thinks it prudent to keep on hand,
is at the rate ot a third of the total amount of all
her liabilities, including deposi es as well as is
sues:" and we ought to require our new Bank al-
ways to keep on hand, at the very least, this pro-
portion of specie, if we imend that it shall always
remain a specie paying Bank.
Another restriction has been imposed upon the
parent Bank in this city. This Bank is to be pro-
hibited from discounting altogether because, says
the Senator, if it were permitted to make loans
here, it would afford too great a facility to mem-
bers of Congress and offieeis of the Government in
borrowing money. If this were the "object, why
did not the bill declare, in express terms, that mem-
bers of Congress and officers of the Government
should never receive a loan from the Bank, or any
