"■""•■•ti.
Jnly, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Uf "
27th Cosg""1st Sess
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
of ¡is branches. This would have been the only
preventive capable of producing the slightest ef-
feeU Does any person really suppose that the dis>
tance between this city and Philadelphia will
prevent any member of Congrees from making
such a loan? But there will be a still more con-
venient branch at Baltimore, within two hours of
us, to which we ca¡i resort. My life upon the
issue, that if ever the secrets of the charnel house
at Philadelphia should meet the light of day, it 'will
be found that thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands, and even millions of money of the Bank
have found there way into the pockets of your pub-
lic men and members of Congress, notwithstanding
the distancp. I have receiwd information on the
subject, which I do not ,'cel myself at liberty to
disclose; but what the present President of the
United States has published in bis report, in regard
to the indebtedness of members of Congress to the
late Bank, ¡s known to the world. And here permit
me to say that I was rejoiced to learn from such
high authority as the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Rives] thai if there was any one man in the court-
try more committed against a Bank of the United
States, than auy other man, it was our present
President. This declaration has inspired me with
hope in the future. No, sir, m?tead of the dis-
tance to Philadelphia or Baltimore presenting
any obstacle in the way of members of Congress
and officers of the Government, the present bi;l
will greatly facilitate their accommodation by
bringing home to this city the- nine all-powerful
directors of the parent bank. Private iriendship
and political sympathy between our public men
and these directors will produce many such epistles
as the following to the diiectors of the branches in
Baltimore and Philadelphia: "Please to make a
loan of fifty er a hundied thousand dollars to the
bearer." The romantic walks in the groves of the
Capitol, with bank directors, will be'admirably cal-
culated to produce this effect; and in a few years
we may find as long a list of suspended debts of
politicians in the new Bank, as already exms in the
old.   So much for this restriction.
I had intended to make some remarks against
granting to this Bank the power of dealing m fo-
reign exchange. The exercise of this power con-
tributed much to the ruin of the late Bank. But I
forbear for the present. The Secretary of the i
Treasury, in his prujet, depnves the Bank of this
power; and the removal of tins restriction, is, in my
opinion, he only particular in which that ptojet
has not been improved by the Committee on the
Currency.
Am I then right, Mr. President, m declaring,
and I appeal to you as a gentleman well acquainted
With banking, (Mr. Bayard of Delaware then oc-
cupied the chair,) that this bill throughout contains
not a single efficient practical restriction upon the
business of the bank, or one which would be re-
garded as such by any man who understands the
subject? No surplus will ever reach the Treasury
—never.
I need not dwell upon the remaining particular
constituting this a Government Bank: which is that
it will receive ur.on deposite all the public money
of the people of'the United States, to be loaned out
at pleasure for its benefit, without any restriction
whatever on this privilege.
Then, sir, this i-; the real Government Bank—
the directors controlled by the Government; the
greater portion of the stock held by the Govern-
ment; the surplus profits, if any, given to the Go-
vernment; and the mosi profitable business of the
Bank founded upon the use of the money of the
Government. And why should such a charter
have been offeied to Congress by the Treasury
Department? I shall not say that it was concocted
there for the express purpose oí creating amere
engine or instrument of political power; but if Tal-
l°yiand htmselt had been as great a financier, as he
was a diplomatic, he could not havs devised a
charter more completely adapted to effect this pur-
pose than the bill no v beiore us prescn;s Toe in-
fluence of this machine, located at Washington,
under the eye o*' the Government, wdlbe felt every
■where throughout the Union.
I may be asked, as I have .spoken so strongly
against this city as the location of the Bank, where
I should desire to have- it established. I answer at
once, either in Pntladelphta or New York; and I
should prefer Philadelphia.
It is very cruel for gen'iemen to sneer at Phila-
delphia in its misfortunes. I honestly believe that
much of the'extravagance and folly of the late
President of the Bank, in conducting its affairs,
may be fairly set down to the incense offered to his
vanity in this very chamber. What was said of
him by Senators here was sufficient to turn the
head of almost any man. He was induced to be-
lieve that he was the Atlas on whose shoulders the
financial Government of lhe world rested. Such
was his ability and power, in the opinion of a
distinguished ¡senator, that had he been appointed
Secretary of the Treasury in 1837, whilst weweie
suffering in common with all civilized nations,
from the revulsion in. business which was felt over
the whole globe, he would have relieved us from
our embarrassments, and produced a revival of
business and a resumption of specie payments
within the short space of sixty days.
I never flattered him in his prosperity, and I
shall not attack him in his adversity. I think he is
as good in every particular as the two or three di-
rectors who have been holding him up to public
execration. I believe that by far the greater part,
if not all, that they have said of each other, is true.
I give equal credit to all their statements, and, in my
estimation, thesegentlemenall deserve to be placed
on the same level. And let me say, that t'^ere are
men in Philadelphia now passing for saints, who
were directors in this Bank some time before its
explosion;—who knew its condition perfectly, and
yet not only conceded their knowledge from the
world, but sold out their stock at high prices,
which were miintained «pon the faith reposed by
the public in their integrity and judgment;—such
men, in my opinion, are just as bad as the wnr-a
of those who continued to be directors untii the
end. Their consciences will n?ver be disturbed
by the tears and groans of the widows and orphans
whom they have ruined.
But I say Philadelphia or New York is the pro-
per place for the Bank; and it is very hard that
Philadelphia should be denounced heie in such
terms. Why, sir, the Almighty would have
spared Sodom if five righteous men could have
been found there: and shall man be more terrible
in his judgments than infinite nnrityí 1 believe,
lioin a knowledge of the character of the people,
thai there ii-no cty on the seaboard of the United
States wh.ch contains a greater number of inte! i-
gent, respectable, incorruptible, and faithful mer-
chants, fit in every respect to be the directors of
such an institution, than the city of Philadelphia,
No, sir; Í shall never sit silent under sneers and
attacks agair.st that city, although it has ever been
hostile to rce sin<:e I entered into public lite. But
if you will not establish the Bank there, then let it
be located in New York.
The idea of establishing a National Bank
in the city of Washington, with a view of
regulating the currency and business of the
country, eeemi to be truly absuid. The loca-
tion of such a Bank ought to be in a com-
mercial city, where its directors would have the
opportunity of observing carefully the state both
of our foreign and domestic trade. After long ex-
perience, sound practical men in England have ar-
rived at the conclusion that the issues of a Ns-
ti.mal Bank ought to be regulated by the state of
the foreign exchanges. When the directors find
that thf se exchanges ei her are or probably soon
-,v:ll be against ihe"country, in consequence of a re-
dundancy in the circulating medium, then the is-
sues of bank paper ought to be contracted to such
a degree as to arrest or correct the evil, and to pre-
vent the exportation of specie. This important
duly can alone be safely devolved upon men of
ability and skill who are practica ly acquainted
m.h'our loictgn trade, who are able to rnlict-
patc its fluctuations, and who am pl?.ced on a
suitable theatre of observation, swh as Ph'ladel-
phia or New York. Your nine salaried directors
in this city will te politicians ?.!,d not merchants,
bankers, or other practical men; aod even it they
were, this is not aspotfiom whence they could
i watch the current of loreign trade, or where they
could obtain lhe necessary information. In re-
gard (o the cliques of speculators in Wall street and
Chestnut street, of which we have heard, bad as
they are, I think that a clique of trading politi-
cians m Washington city would make still worse
directors of a National Bank.
{Mr. Benton.    We will have both.]
Í now come to speak very brie4y of some of the
advantages which the committee believe that this
Bank will yield to the people of the country. And
first, they say, 'fit will give the people a sound
currency of uniform value throughout the Union."
It by this the Senator merely means that a matt
can put its paper in his pocket in Georgia, and vts«
it any where on the road in travelling to Maine, I
have no doubt that such will be the fact? And
why? Because the Government ef the United
S ates, by agreeing every where to accept the Bank
paper m payment of its dues, gives it every where
circulation and credit. Tney could thus give to
painted pastebiurd the same currency. It is not
the credit of the Bank, but that of the Govern-
ment, which w,ll produce this effect. The drafts
of the Treasury Bank, which the Senator formerly
so much dreaded, would have answered the same
purpose still better, and would have been of much
greater intrinsic vaiue, because they would have
represented gold and silver, dollar for dollar. Be-
side?, the bank which the Senator's fancy created
out of the Indedendent Treasury law, would have
been only a bank of issue, and not one of discount
and deposite also, such as he now advocates.
But the committee further allege, that this Bank
"will reduce domestic exchanges from the enor-
d.ous premiums and discounts nowfrequentiy paid,
to the moderate standard growing out of the mere
cost and insurance on the risk of transporting spe-
cie from one to another part of the Uniun."
Tai, argument has been every where urged,and
often successfully, in favor of creating a Bank of
the Umied States; and yet, to use the word of the
Senator from Missouri, [Vir. Benton,] it is the
most "bamboozling" argument that ever was re-
softed to. On 'Change,?in Philadelphia or New
Yo- k, there is nobody so soft a* not to smile at its
absurdity. Why, sir, the rates of exchange be-
tween money and money, in the different cities of the
Union, are at this very moment just as the Senator
deslíes they should be. In New Orleans, gold and
stiver will, at this very day, buy a bill on New
York at a premium of from One-half to one per
cent. Who does not perceive, that it is the depreci-
ation en suspended bank paper, and not the real
difference of exchange, which you see quoted in all
the papers and blazoned forth to the world as if in-
tended for the express purpose of imposing on the
public? In Pniladelphia, the notes, for example, of
lhe Bank of Pennsylvania, are worth about three
and a half per cent, less than specie; therefore, at
New York the exchange on Philadelphia is quoted
at three and a half per cent, discount: but is it not
self-evident that this is the rate of exchange, not be-
tween money and money,but between gold and silver
in New York, and depreciated bank paper in Phi-
ladelphia? From the nature of trade, unless under
very extraordinary circumstances, the difference of
exchange between two places in the same country,
can never vary much from the cost of transporting
¡specie from the one to the other. Some years ago,
the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky
were at a discount of fifty per cent, below specie:
and, doubtless, exchange on Kentucky was then
quoted at fifty percent, below par. But this was
the depreciation of lhe bank paper, and not the dif-
ference in value between moiwy in New York
and money at Lexington, which can never be much
greater lhan the expanse of transporting it from the
one place to the other.
It banks were every where in good credit, and
were redeeming their notes in specie, then these
notes would be equal to gold and diver at the place
where they were issued; and the great apparent
inequalny in lhe rates of exchange would immedi-
at. ly disappear. Tne quotations would no longer
consist ot die contrast between the value of spec e
in New Yoik and depreciated bank paper at home;
but would be the difference between the value of
specie and specie at different places. This ine-
quality in the nominal rates of exchange, would at
