Jnly, 1841,___________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________________171
9,7th Cong-"-1st Sess.                                        Public Lands—Mr. Pickens.        _______________    ________ H. of Reps.
deficiency of six millions more. And, instead of pre-
paring to meet this supposed exigency by prudence
and wise mean1!, we propose, first, to divide out an-
nually three millions of revenue that has been re-
cen ed m common for forty >ears, so as to make
this supposed deficit still greater Instead of
relieving the Treasury by supplying it with means,
for which purpose we were called together, yc a
propose frst to withhold from it one ot its la gest
and most just sources of supply. The next great
proposition we have made to us is, to borrow
twelve millions oí dollars for eight years. Con-
nect this with the other, and it is nothing more ncr
less than a proposition to borrow money, wat you
may distribute. You propose to raise taxes wi'h
one hand, that you may distribute the revenue with
the othei.
Again, to   meet   all   these  arrangements,   we
have the proposition to raise the laxes, so as to m
crease the revenue  from customs  at least twelve
millions of dollars over what it would be under ex-
isting laws     Mr   P. said he would net say what
had laken place m committee; but the Secretary of
the Treasury, m presenting his whole system of
measures, had recommended an mcrea e of the ta-
riff, so tbatevery article now under 20 { er cení du-
ty, should be increased up to 20 per c nt; and arti
cles duty free were also to be raised up to 20 per
cent except such as were intended to be a benefit
to the manufacturing interest; and those things that
they specially consumed were still to b° duty free.
The compromise was  so framed that the first half
of its operation was intended to benefit investments
in manufactures, and the last half operated to the
benefit of the exporting or free trade interest, and
now the proposition was to depnveus of this bene-
fit.   It was «ell known tint next year duties would
commence to be paid in ca<h, and if the home va-
luation were to  be  executed, (which I do not be-
lieve can be done, as it i> impracticable,) that, wiih
cash duties, would be equal at least to 10 per cent
The whole amount of the proposition was, in effect,
(for the last biennial operation of the compromise
went into operation  31 t December next,) to in-
crease our mxes to 20 per cent,  upon all importa-
tions, except such a  were c msumed especially by
the  manufacturers.     Considering   the   vast  and
increasing   resoutces   oí   the  country,   it would
not   be   difficult    to    'how    that   th s   would
give   us   a   revenue   from  customs   m   eigh-
teen  months from this time, of at least twtnt}-
six millions ot   dollars.    In two years, m all hu-
man probability, our import itions will be one hun-
dred and fitly millions: say that twenty milliOLS are
excepted, and then you will have, at any rate,
twenty-six millions from imports at 20 per cent,
ad valorem.   This will be at least twelve millions
more than we would have this year un^er the pre-
sent system.    It is then a  proportion   to mciea^e
the taxes at least twelve millions of dollars     We
then have a proposition pending (which he leaied
would become a law)  to create a Uní ed átales
Bank, and for this Government to suosenbe into it
ten million of dollars, with   the  condition   to in-
crease it up to near seven  millions more.   Take
the ten  million', however, and  that is to be done
by creating  Government stock  at five per cent.;
which is the same thing as to borrow  it.    We ihen
have the twelve million loan bill—the proposition
to increase the taxes twelve millions, ?nd the ten.
millions stock in a Bank, making in all thirty-four
millions of dollars, in   funds prO| osed to be rased
immediately by the dominant pattj of this county.
But, sir, in addition to all this, we now have the pre-
sent bill before us, which  n to distribute annually
three millions of our revenues.    It   would not be
at all difficult to show   that,  with our   increasing
population, and returning prospenty, we will have,
n eighteen nionlhs from th.s, not only thiee  mil-
lions from thepubbc lands, in revenue, but atle?st
five millions annually.    However, assume   or the
present ihe sum to be three millions, and lo distri-
bute  that amount annually, u the same  thirg n
effect as to fund the public lands.or, 11 other words,
to create Government stoek at six per cent, in etest,
to the amount of fifty millions of dollars.   What is
the difference?    Suppose >os  were to say that
you   will  create   Government   stock   for    fifty
millions  dollars,  and   that  you  would   divide
or pay over the interest annually amongst
the States, is it not plain, that as far as money is
corcel ned, it is identically the same propos- t<on as
to divide three millions of dollars annually from
>our revenue? It iho amount should be mere, of
course the stock wou'd be greater The proposi-
tion then, as far as an operation in finance is in-
volved, is to fund the public lands at fifty millions
of dollars. You propose to set aside that great and
permanent source o! revenue, for the benefit of
other-. The wit of man cannot show the difference
a.> far as the fiscal aciion cf the Government is
concerned, between this proposition to divide the
land revenue, and a propositun torre?ie Govern-
ment stock at 6 per cent. 10 the amount of fifty
millions oí dollars; for it is an annual division or
divides d. Stripped of its di guises and flimsy
pre exts, this is rs meanitig, us --pjit and sub-
stance, or it has none Add t <s firty millions of
public stock tius to be created, lo ibe ctht th ny-
four millions, and we have an aggregate of eighiy-
four millions of funds now pr< posed to be raised
by this Government. Tr ese ate ihe naked pro-
positions made, sot to relieve the wants of your
Treasu y, but to relieve the speculat.rg and spend-
thrift race, by fixing them through this Govern-
ment upon the tax paying people of this Confede-
racy So far s s the pecuniary operation was in-
volved—so far as the nauonal finances were con-
cernid—tie effect of this and ihe <ther measures
now proposed, would be to create eighty-four mi -
lions of public funds over and above the ordinary
sources of revenue, at d the ordinary wants of the
Government Such wele the naked, undisguised
propositions beiore the  country.
This bill i. only part and parcel of ihe same
stupendous svstem. He had thought that Congress
was called togeth r to relieve ine w an s ot the Trea-
sury, but now the nrgurrent va to reliev ihe
country—lo relieve the & ates. Did I say to relieve
the Sta es? No, the practical operation ot ihe bill
was to relieve not ¡he Siates, but the debtor class
ot the States—those corporations for turnpikes,
radr^ads, cnals, and banks, that bad plunged the
States into debt for thei> pu pi ses. Its final o¡ e-
ration would be to fill with delusive hope all those
classes of society who had attempted to tax poste-
rity for their cx'ravpgai ce and profligacy.
Connectingall these measu>es together as one
system, it did not surprise me that the gentleman
fromMarjland [Mr. Johnson] had brought tor-
waid his bill as the first tobe , cted on. If Con-
gress had been called d osether really for the pur-
pose of relieving toe wau'scf the Treasury, would
rot the loan bul be taken up fir t? Woul 1 we not
take up the question o' the additional revenue
which was called for by the Secietary of the Trea-
sury? And then after the*" measures for the rc-
1 ef of the Trcasur} had been di«po<ed of, we
could then take up any secondaiy measure following
them' But the object ¡n tmth was not to relieve
the Treasury or the people, but to fel.ev,-1 and
assist the great stock mtere t which had become
identified with the States, and had plunged ihem
•for ten years past into deots beyond the n sources,
beyond ihe immediate abilities of their own people
to meet wiihout d fEculty And now they called
upon us—upon those Sta'es ana «sections that had
keptout&fdebt—to pledge ihe land of th* country—
the great public domain, for the purpose ot sus-
taining Ell their interests. It was a naked and un-
idisgBiseu issue between the speculating and stock
interest on 'hs one side, ^nd toe gieat laboring
aid landed interest of this Confederacy on the
other Brought do vn to a proper analysis., this
wes the sum and sub tance of toe whole mater
Yoj could not have an nli°htened view by look-
ing at the e propositions si-par.it.fi,; they must be
viewed together, as branches, of the same geera!
jstem, reiving on erch othtr a<¡ fostering and sj -
t?micg certain gieat interests For instante- the
public stock to be subseubed in a Bank, wa-. tn-
terded to >e efit those imrmdiaiely ren'ifru wi'h
the banking merest. The increase o! taxes ¡or the
benefit of those who received incidental protect n
and got the disbursement—the loan bill would sti-
mulate the money maiket. And ihe distribution
bill was intended to benent the foreign fund-holder.
It was nominally to relieve Maryland, which was
m d bt fifteen millions; Pennsylvania, said to be
more than twice that amount; New York, also ¡n
debt to a large amount; Illinois, Indiana, Alabama,
Miss sippi, and all those States which were in debt.
Sup ios  ihe debts of the States and their corporations
to equal one hundred and eighty millions of dol-
lars, then the distribution under this bill would not
pay half the m'erest. Those who are now interested
in urging it will finally urge this Government to
create immediately Government stock equal to the
value of the public lands funded, and transfer that
to the foreign fund-holder, and take in lieu of it
State stocks bow held by the <¡. Then, in admims-
tenrg ihe proceeds of the lands, according to this
bill, the Government will concentrate the whole
operation within itself, and retain (at first, but will
finally yield ihat) the distributive share of each
State as an indemnity for the United States stock
transferred m lieu of State stocks. Thus, the final
i perdtion will be to assume, m this indirect mode,
the e"ebts of the Stale*,. The whole amount is to
mortgage me land and Ubir of the country for the
benefit of tho«e who desire to live by taxing others,
and thus, by legisla'ive legerdemain, to enable the
swindling speculator and spendthrift to transfer his
debts to ihe honest and industrious, to be collected
by G jvernment, under such forms and delusions
as almost to defy scrutiny.
If there be any in the community who have hus-
banded their resources and abstained from specu-
lation, H is but due that they should have the
full benefit of their situation in times of
iever«es ard depression It is not right that they
shou d be put under contributions to relieve their
more adventurous neighbors. Perhaps, in former
times of speculating mania, the/ were ridiculed
for their parsiuony and want of foresight by those
"who are wi e in 'heir own conceit." I am for
just protection to property. I think one of the
first objects of a cvilized government is not only
to proiect property, but never to tax it unnecessa-
rily for any object, much less for the benefit of any
particu'ar cías es in community.
S r, there is no magic power m Government to
create money Whenever Government attempts
to relieve the debtor class, ihey must do so by uñng
the credit orre ource of those who have kept oat
of debt, or by losses made to fall upon the creditor
class
Í abhor that mod in demagoguism that would
relieve one poraon o the community by taxing
another portion. The honest proceeds of labor in
all its bra iches ought never tobe touched, except
fniri neces-itj. Whenever a man has accumu-
lated property by fair enwrpnse and industry, let
Government protect him m the full enjoyment of
it for himself and his heirs. I respect that pro-
perty wh ch has thus been acquired, and its posses-
sor, as well as the property that has been inherited
from an noneot . me try. I respect l as the expo-
nent ot mdus'ry, irogahtr, enterprise, and worth.
But I have no tee wg for that artificial wealth
which has been iosteied by mcorpc-a.ed credi ,
wita all its arrogance and conventional habits.
Thoso whj have acquired property by grinding the
fre  oí the pi or and by unhallowed schemes of
swindling ¡recu'aiion—I care not with what su-
percilious air ami ups'art pretension they may
claim tank, jet 1 feel, and have ever felt, towards
all su h, the most profound contempt. Let Govern-
ment he impartial—exactly just to all m'erests,
from to  peasan «i,o dwell  in his mountain cot-
tage, mo to the man of prmceiy fortune whospreads
hi3 palace upon the seashore.
Mr Chairman This bill is ca'culated to be
one of the most impcitani in its fu'urs operations
thí hü.s ever been pr seated to the adoption of a
debut rati ve assembly. Tnere is nothing like it in.
the anrals o* legislation,exept, herhap , Mr. Fox's
great Eist InJn bill. That bill w, s calculated to
effect deeply the extensive East Indi , possessions
ci Groat Bnta"i, an 1 the la e of miMtons of human
hemes—making tne<n n t only vassals ot the Bri-
tish c own, bu' d-pendants ..pon ihe Bnt'sb, Mi-
ni-, r}. True, its effects v\ ere <o be fe't principally
by an ign> rant and sen x babaious r<icr, who had
slumbered for ages in enervated indolence. Bat
this bill «as to opera c upon an enterprising and
spirited people—it ?va¡> to embrace in its provi-
