July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
27th Cong-«"1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
pay your armies, to advance the means by which
they were enabled to fight ¡he battles of indepen-
dence, for ihe general defence and welfare of the
whob country.    The Slates came forward to ad-
vance funds in a noble cause   where they   had
plighted to each other their  faith—a cause which
secured American Independence,  and finally sent
our stars and stripes streaming in triumph and in
glory throufh every quarter oí the habitable globe.
It was in this cause ¡hat Massachusetts and South
Carolina had advanced about four millions of dol-
lars each for ihe defence of the whole.    The rest
of the States advanced also, but this was more then
was advanced by any other S'.t<te in ihe  Union.
The State debt  of the present day were contracted
in profound  peace—they were contracted for the
benefit of the local interests of each State in pursu-
ing their various schemes of aggrandizement and
wealth      And did the  gentleman   seriously   put
this distribution  upon  the same grounds with the
assumption of the State debts of the Revolution?  A
distribution to be made not to them who had encoun-
tered peril and advanced their means for the purpose
of defending  the State?, or sustaining the common
honor of a united country;but to sustain corporations
and speculators, who, like leeches, had fastened
themselves upon the  Slate Treasuries—who, by
their active exertions—by means of forced majori-
ties in the Legislature;-, had comrrned together to
plunge the country in  debt beyond i's immediate
rescurees or present mean  of payment.   Sir, were
the two cases para'H?   Were ¡hey to be put upon
tNe same ground?   Feeling a just pride in ttis un-
stained honor of the   Revolution, and   the noble
cause of the Sta'es in those days, I indignantly re-
pel the idea.   You cannot put the two cases to-
gether, nor was the matter worthy of consideration
in that point oí view.
There has recently sprung up in the country a
class of men who desired to get rid cf that everlast-
ing curse placed upon man in Ue first ages of so- I
ciety, that he should "eat his bread by the sweat of
his brow." They were attempting to live by their
wits instead of their labor. I am atainst raising
funds through Government to feed these drones in
society, who are too proud to work. They are
the legitimate descendants of ihose money changers, ,
whom Christ kicked from the Temple as hypocrites
and swindlers. These are the men who bang
around your public. Treasury here, and in the
State?, always pressing for taxes, and er.ger for a
division oí the public spoils.
But the gtntlema   [Mr. Johnson] has placed
this distribution  upon Slate Rights giounds.    He
camplains of the absorbing influence of this centra-
lizing Severn meat, ana presses this bill because it
will have a contrary tendency.    Let us examine
into this   The seat of vitality in our system, is ihe
¿axing   power  of  this Government.    This -.vas a
great step toward; a stronser artd more consolida-
ted Government than the old Confederation.    It
added vastly to its centralizing power.    But add
now the pever not only to collect taxes directly,
but siso the power to distribute back again sniongst
the States the revenue collected, and you make it
then work both ways towards centralization.    Col-
lets' money to distribute habitually, a-?d you create
a party in every State who  will  organize an! act
together to raccive that dis'ribulion.     It will be a
moneyed  party, looking up to the action of this
Government, snd forming combinations with par-
ties of like kind in every State, all moving together,
with eas,erne^ and concert, sumnlated by on  teei-
in->, and moved by ore power.    You link them ail
tourer around the Federal car-ycu m-k-* ¡he
meanest and l.iwcst of all cons'.Wation—a or.so-
lidation of moneyed interest and moneyed power.
With such a system every noble a'ul derated ie;i-
j->c of patriotism would wither and die aw-y tin-
der 'he hbiorbir.g and base passion ofavai.ee,    A
republic is either the nob'est and purest of ,11 io-
vernments, or it is the met corrupt and profligate,
n can scarcely retain a middle portion.   So ion-
is it is kept free, it nurtures simplicity, manliness,
and vdor; but when it degenerate;-, it becomes ihe
hot bed of cunning, treachery, cowardice, and sel-
fiSThe gentleman [Mr. Johnson] has himself given
us ft fearful picture of the centralizing h flaence at
i resent of this Government; and has ;poken of
fifteen hundred applicant for one office, and the
increasing corruptions oí the Federal Government.
Mr. P, said he had listened with interest to ¡he gen-
tleman on these points.
[Mr. W. Cost Johnson said he did not speak of
the corruptions of the Federal Government, He
spike of the power of the Government, and among
other things, illustrated it by the number of per-
sons who looked to the central Government for pa-
tronage, but did cot reflect upon ¡he motives of tbs
candidates for public ¡avor, or debate their tight
or their motives He spoke altogether of the vast
power of the Executive head of this nation.]
Yes, sir, it was melancholy to think ot these
things; and yet  the bill on your table is calculated
to increase this  power    and patronage    tenfold.
When 1 reflect oa the great tide of office  seekers,
who rushed here on  the  4¡h cf March last, like
half famished wolve; on  the great prairies of the
West, I confess I   tremble  for  the   future, as   to
ihe increasing power cf this Government.    How-
ever, this great herd—this mass, hungry and howl-
ing as  they  were, did   not effect me  as much as
other things.    When I turned my eyes fiom them,
and saw those who occupied high places, who were
considered amongst the distinguished of the land—
when I saw them sm-'ling their way into the greasy
places of the  "Palace," licUing their chop's, and,
tlog-like.waeging their tails for the bones ¡hatmight
\e thrown them—I confess I felt every proud emo-
ion ana lofty  aspiiation   sink aid sicken with
Jisgust.    And  now  make  an  habitual  distribu-
tion of  money   from    this    Government,   and
you    increase    ail    these    disgusting    scenes.
You create dependants and expectant's in every
Slate throughout th's Confederacy.    The purple of
Presidential puv/er would be put up every/our j ear?,
and bid fir by the plunderers of the Republic.   All
heroism, and patriotero, and va'or, wou'd die away,
and the lowest vices would re gn triumphant. Ava-
nee—keen, hungry, and lean—would be the god
before which the natíos would bow down and wor-
ship in base idolatry.   Have we read the lessons
of history to no advantage?   Look at Republican
Rome—once a proud  and heroic people.    They
were powerful and vir uou?,  until   demagogues
taught them to look to the public granaries for corn.
As soon as they began to divide the spoils, they be-
came a nation of robbers and plunderers, and sunk
into the deepest degeneracy and corruption.    And
aie ws now to commence a system which will in-
evitably lead us through the same careei?    Call up
your hordes from this wide-spread land, who will
hibitually receive, money that you may collect here
for distribution, and you create a m ghty system,
which will finally prove the euthanasia i.f the  Re-
public.    If ¡he States should submit to it (which I
think probably would not be the case,) we  would
then sink down quietly into the basest despotism—
the pity and contempt ot mankind    "Where a Go-
vernment  is  aiistceranc ia its form, those who
wield its power may become enei vated and corrupt
for a time, and yet the nation may recover, because
the great body of  the people may Mill be virtuous
and" patriotic.    But when a  Republic, where  ihe
power is in the people, becomes corrupt, then the
whole body polit c languishes and dies—¡here is no
recuperative energy—the heart of •:,  sjstem is poi-
soned, and every pui.e and muscle becomes fe«ble
and languid.
The gentlemsn speaks of this :ystcm as calcu-
lated to advance State R'ghts. F.ora \vh:-.t ana.ogy
dees the gint'eman diaw his reasoning? Si=\ I
consider the provisions c¿ the CoDs'itnrion, strictly
construed, not at all incompatible v/ith State
light;; ami it is p great mistake io suppose ihst
those with whera I act would take o>,e partic'e
f'-om the just p .wer of this Government. Engtaft
upon this Government this system ot disiiibati-n,
«o alien to Ihe Constitution, and y. u breakdown
all desire to keep up nny general system ot de-
fences calling for h.-avy expenditures You would
sacrifice the great objects and ends of thi* Union.
A distinguished Senator, now Secietaiy of State,
has made an argument which indirectly intimates
that it is the duty of ¡his Government to assist the
States (if not to pay ¡heir debt-.) from the fact
that the States have surrendered the most  impor-
tant sourae  of their revenue, the customs.    He
siys that on ihe part of ihe Atlantic States this is
a great sacrifice.    Follow this idea out, and apply
it to this system of distribution.    You propose to
collect money from the new S'ateJ, and  div de it
annually amongst the old Atlantic Stales,  and the
result   will   be that  they   will   .<oon   begin   to
turn   their   eyes   towards   ¡he   .customs     They
will argue   that   by   consumption ihey   pay   as
much  of  the imposts as the Adanfc Slates do
through which ¡he importations ate nw.de, ar.d that
as you divide the money brought into the revenue,
from the new and interior Siatcs.it is your duty
also to divide that coming from the customs. They
will  ay that, as ¡hey  pay by   consump'ion  as
much of the taxes from customs as you do, and
as  they receive but little of it back, and as you
take all the land revenue collected from  them and
divide it, that they must have  something to equa-
lize ¡he moneyed action of the Government.    They
will demand it as right.    Aad, <ir, there will be
some  plausibility in it.    And after Ihe next census
they will not stop to askyonifube a sound argument
—but they will have the poser to wake it law. You
tread on dangerous greuud when you commence
this system—g'ound  at   war  witn  the high pur-
poses of this Union.     When you ask money  to
defend your flag upon the ocean—.vhen  jou ask
for money to defend  the land at home and your
honor abroad—you will find ten thousand greedy
interests springing up  throughout the Sta'es, de-
manding the last dollar for division, while you will
have to submit to insult and  dishonor, and a de-
luded and betrayed f eople will sink down into drivel-
ling imbecility. Sir, I love ¡he war attributes of this
Government.    I love i's capacity  as secured by
the  Constitution, for a  common   defence of our
common rights and uni'ed honor.    I love its power
in war—and us forbearing principles in peace.
Let it be powerful in war from its commanding
the undivided attachment and loyalty of a devoted
people in peace. Let all local interests be strictly
left to the States—let what is common to all—our
independence, liberty, and union—be sacredly
guarded and defended by a common Government,
Mr. Chairman, I would not, if I could, take a
single power from that sacred chaiter ¡hat binds
these States together. Sir, I would not, if I could,
pluck a single feather from the plumage of the
American eagR No; let him stand forth in all his
vigor, and power, and glory, but let him stand upon
¡he scroll of the Consitiution, and my heart shall
always exuii to see the bright constellation of
American States forever sutler and g'ow around
his brow.
The CoLs'ítutioa, s'ricily cxnvstPicd, is as it
should be. Tnere is no need of adding by con-
struction. It is a vast i.-üstake to suppose that the
strensih < f the Urron or the Goyenment is in-
creased by assuming power: it is the reverse. For-
merly, usurpation added strength. B_t the world
is now charged. Intelligence and infuuiialion are
spreading throushout all ranks. Them is a keen
jf-a'ousy towards unnecessary power. An unedu-
eaied people may subs.it to ¡hi cxerci ,. of strong
and useless authority in Government; but ex-
erci e doubtful and needless p-' .'er among6t
an inttllec'ual people, who have been educated
to freedom under a Government limited by
specific grants and you eiea'e rnurmui?, jealous-
ies, and resistance, which will make its habitual
exerci-e a s.-urce of weakness instead of srength.
The strength of our Government consists in ils
j-jf.iice, pad in c.mfiair.g u*elf wr.huí p'oper li-
mi s. fiy so doing, it will be able always to-
command ¡he united and devoted- upportof all sec-
tions and all interests.    This is its sliengib.
If you pa ? such measure < as this, and teach the
States to look here for distribution, they will make
¡his Government ihe coi'ecor of ¡axes for their
eat re rurp>rt. They will transfer the odious
power of'¡axafion from themselves upon ¡hi  Go-
vernment, and the people will have hule or no
control over the matter. The consequence will
be, that ¡he large central States cf the Union, New
Yo'rk, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, will
overshadow the Government, and, by eoncenira-
■ tion of action, will control it entirely for their bene-
fit, without reference to the small and remote Slate;
