July, 1841.              ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________________1^5
c7th Cons—1st Sbss.                                   Fiscal Bank—Mr. Woodbury                                                               Senate.
very modestly asks us to give- hira additional ap-
propriations to the amount ci $1,019,000, making
in all, for nine months of ti>2 rresent year, jjl 803,-
000. Now, sir, I cannot believe that this ■.am can
be properly expended upon these «oik1; within
that period, and am inclined to the opinion that the
chairman was, right when h ^aid a portion ot it
was m'ended for the next jear. Win, <r, how
much money has been expended upon fortifications
during what you have called the "extravagant"
admimstra'ionb of Van Binen and Jackson? It
will be seen that the annual avenge rxpe-nditnre
from the year 1829 to the year 1840 was, §866 447,
and now jou prop se reforming th <■ 'extrava-
gance" by appropriating for the present jear m v>
than a million and a half of do )ar«' Is this your
plan for reducing tie expenditures tf the Govern-
ment and diminishing the laxe- upon the people'
But, sir, the bill haj beet changed, ?nd in t°ai ot
the $1,019,000 asked ít by the Srcre'arv of War,
you now propose to appropriate $940,000, «hen
will make the whole amount exp nued in the nine
last momhs of the }ear §1724,025 Tie experi-
ence ef this Governn°nt !or a senes of years, ha^
fully demorslrated that not inoic than eight or nine
hundred thousand dollars per annum can be profi
tably expended upon ihe e fo tifications. By a re-
port made by the Secretpry on the ] 6ih mst we
are informed that the amount experde 1 in three
months and a half, (viz Apn, iVIi), June, aid
part of July,) was <j292 372 Now, .et it be ¡e-
membered that the Secretar), in bis ¡eptrt, says,
that he has been pic seeming these works as vigc-
rously, and vith as much despatch as possible,
and yet, with all his dibgei re, he has not been able
to expend more thai 084,500 per monih. If the
Secretary evpends as muci per month w 'hin th°
five and a half months of the jear jet to coire, it
will leave a oalaree uithoul any additional appio-
pnalton whatever of more man J2C,000 at ihe en 1
of the jear How then i n necessary to pass tnis
bill? Is there not aire any a=- mocii, by hi  oven
showing a w 11 be neces ary for tne if ' With
these factj tarng me m the face, I d«re not vote
for this bill
I should have been glad,  Mr   Chairman, if an
opporiuni y had b"jn presented, to have examined
this subject fully, and to liw s-hown the immense
sums which have  plready   been  expended  upon
these fortification", m""iy of whi h  afford  node-
fence   whatever to t^ecoantry    1 thmk I  could
have shown ihat more rnonev  bos   been  thn wn
away and squandered  upon this  item,   than any
oiher m ihe bill < f expenditure     But I am p e
eluded from doing so a pre ent.    I confess I have
not as much conn lene  n the importance of ¡h so
fortifica ions as n any gentleman 'vno hive prece-
ded me in this deba'e, seem to ¡uve.    I am in fa-
vor of fortifying Ctr din point   up n the c. aot m
order to prevnt the f n'mi ftoci com rs   a 'd n'y
upon oir tite , ?ud dj n ¡ g or 1 ,mg tvm u der
contribute , but it is p   Í cMy ridiculous to mink
ot prev nting an enetry from landing upon our
shores at all    We  have 3 000 m les of sea coast,
and to fortify the waole tf this, is prepos ernusin
the  extreme     The wealt-  o    tee whole nat.tn
could not effect it.    Yiu ennot prevent the enemy
from landtnt, but you ma/, by a proper organiza-
tion of the  uuliua, m .Le (heir std/ eu land so un
pleasant that ihey will begUd to le  n yi a shores
You must, after all, fly upon th* pa no i  n and
bravery ot your people to me ivmi enemies on land,
and the   gaieniiy   oí   'our navy   'o face   them
on the ocean     A    mji sut úr money   apf ropri
ated to the < rc>iiiza ion an Inn "-'i i r ' of t e m -
lit.a, souldpllt-dyoi    doeolcth    r o e-u      .c
will derive from the e f ernficit ons   Ai f rrnilhs
ago, wher the 1  te Secretary oi War  «lbm t td a
proj'et for effee lig  an organiza i n o   fe mu  la,
so as  to  b= prepared   to  r^pei  a foreign enemy,
should one invade our s íl, you raisid  the crv cf
"standi if, amy,"  and   <r "i one < r d < f tois e in -
try to the o Iipi he was de> e unc d as a 'yrant spoil-
ing to en- ave his count y men'    Yes, sir, a p ipo
siuon to aive the people such a knowledge of mili-
tary tactics as wa el eoab e ttv>m to m ex the well
drilled regu its of oih i countries, was denounced
asapioi ctior . ' standing aim}," to des'rov 'he
liberties ol the country'   Having accomplished
vour object, it may be unpleasant to remind you of
these things, and for the present I desist
The money appropriated to these works eould, in
my opinion, be much more profitably expended m
increasing ihe number of'teani ships, and stret g h-
ening the na 'al establishments, I have gieat con-
fidence in nenav/, aid will vote fir ciy appro-
priation tl at mat be deemed nece saiy ie> lnc ease
its power But Í cam ot be driven to the support
of this bill by the wai cry Sir, this is the old
song. Whenever we are asked to make an extra-
ordinary appropnat on, gentlemen who happen to
live in districts  where these appropri? lots cre to
be exrerded, mount In  war horse, and tell us ve
are about to b" biojght in eollisu n *vi b Eng-
land Sir, who sai° tber  is danger of wai?
Who asks us to arp'opnate 1 berally, with an eye
to such ?n event? The Pn «i'ent of th  Un ed
Saus1! No, sir, m tone of h s comrn '-ncations
has he Jitimatei such a thins. Has the Wai De-
partment advised it" of the probability of wa , or
are we compelled to take the idle der'ara i ns of
n embers míeoste 1 m the-e appropriations'! f have
suffici nt confidence m the patrio i*m of the man
who now presides over the Executive Department,
to believe tp it he would give us timely notice of
any impending danger Ur til he does this, I ran-
noi believe there is nv danger, We aie t dd by
gentlemeT on this floor that ihe affar of McLecd
will prrduc a wir betae^n this Governmen' Pnd
Gre^t Britain ' We have a rnanm the custody of
our Slate court-, who, in conjunction with othtr
Canfd an we'ehes, invaded oar soil under the
rover of darkness, mi rde'ed our cit 7e is, and sent
iheir mangled hrt íes, m th  Caroline, over the
mighty cataract of Niagtta, and he ,s sbout
to be put upon h s trial If he is expeu'ed,
(as I trust he will be, if fairly convicted,)
then we are told England will make war
upon u-! En«Uiid has ro an\ ety to go f war
«i i ihe U it^d Sites She i is tiled us ti'ce,
and i pon ->?cb oc-a'ion has her pride been 'un
b'ed, and her swaggering rebule 1 Upon each ( c-
ci ion have the stars and sir pes floated ti um
p lantly ovw b< r If your S cre'irj'of Slate nas
sn Amencan heart in his ho ora, end lep1!?* to 'h'
in >len' demands e f J ngland m the proper tonp
end-¡ nt, I have ro f(a i Oi a war. Enjlan 1 re
sppcis 'he lights of no na ion unle s tn-i notion
shows the deierm n?t on ard ability to entorc
Ihem Let her be toid, n the most emphjli" ,an
guige, that this Government extends in protn t n 
wings over a'l «ho are within its tern orial limits,
snl tint an cutrase nj on the uahts of the hum-
blest citizen is an nsult to Ihe whole nation, w hirh
v ill noi be subm t ed i Let her be toWlha. we
kt ow our tiE^ts, a, d ir  nd to rraintam them at all
hazard* that when a eitznot hers erres ' n
our s ü and boasts ihat hr has slaughtered our pe -
pie, he shall be legsllj tried, an 1, it onvcled, suf-
fe upon the se-ffold, let «hat wi 1 cone Vo, s r,
Eng and pre ers rn< ki> g war upon s me c unity
less ablv. to teferd her elf She wuuld rather ex
hibit her st ength in oppressing the wepk and pow-
erless Ch nose S e has ibe courage and chiv 1-y
io bombard the c ties of the ' Celest alEmp re"aij
mu'di nheir people, becsais they refuse! purthis 
he, §18 000 000 of opium per annurr, b t she w '1
be s < w to meet our c un 13 men, either upon the
land er cee^n, in deidl} strife
The bill row b fc-us does not ?ppn pr< pnp'e a
single i'ol ai to thf d ence ef the Northern 1 "f o
my own Sale We '.re ke' aratfd 1 . Lake hue
fr^m tb ¡*>n«dj , rnljct g ve u m ihi ig to pre-
vent ne Bm h fren e sirg ov r, ' 1 a r  onr
to^nsnd rouidenng our people No s r, y u
ey end al! thf men \ pon this ide <i the n>i un-
t in- an I leave smtn Wf to take c ef r,r
selve Y a lax us to raise your re<eine, lut
Khen 1011 corre to expend it, jou find o h«r p'=e "
V'el1 s r I will ror complair, v e hive as b sv-
ana as S¿1 ant a 1 < . rs ever lived in any ? p r
(•rut-try Englan ' mi) ihiow her h'ack res m ti s
fi ora thp Canudas upon us, she may let loose' r
Indian allies in thf far West, and we wi 1 le fou id
ready to meet them— he citizens of my own S'ate
w did, ihe very moment the trump of war was
sounded, take up arms and swear never to lay
them down until the invaders yvere driven from
our soil, we would plant the standard of liberty
in Canada, and proclaim that that too should be
the habitation of freemen.
If our brethren upon the sea coast, who are so
anxious to pass this bill, have not the ability to de-
fend themselves without these fortifications, let
them send to us in Ohio We have a few of the
old Indian fighters jet living, who neyer quailed
before an enemy, and who are strangers to fear;
and if we cannot furnish a sufficient number ot
them, we will send their descendants, who inherit
all the courag- and chivalry of their fathers If the
country is in danger of invasion, my constituents
are not only willing to bear the burdens you may
impose upon irem in the shape of taxes, but they
Will march to the rescue of yourctties, and conquer
the enemy or gallantly perish in the attempt.
[The Chairman here xen inded Mr. Weller
that the time had arrived for closing the debate,
and he was compelled to take his seat ]
REMARKS OP MR  WOODBURY.
In Senate July ^7, 1841—On  the  motion of Mr.
HoNTitioroN to amend tne United States Bank
bill, so as to ' sue five dollar notes
Mr WOODBURY observed that this motion in-
volved aa impoitant principle connected with our
piesent sys'em of banking It was a principle, al-
so, as important to the banks themselves as to the
community. For it was a settled fact that, when
notes of a s-nall denomination were tolerated for a
circulating medium, specie was excluded of the
same denomination with the notes Hence Mr.
Burke once ohserved, tiat if one pound notes were
1 sued in England, the pub ic would never again
see a guinea in circulation. So, if we tolerate five
dollar notes, the halt eag'es will entirely disappear
in the United Stat s as a part of the currency
This, th n, being manifest, beyond and behind all
this «to id the mi st s ater alconsideiation It small
n te- were in gcn^r?l us', they furnished the means
for a run on the banks in a panic, in the hands of
th" c most easilv and most unnecessarily alarmed
B cause they were Ihe least mfermed as to tbe
onndness of the nsatutions which issued ihem
In such case, too, the banks, when hard pressed,
foune' less «pecie in the community to call to their
a d and relief in iusta r ng specie payments. And
if a su p n ion or fai ore occurred, which was much
more likeh han 11 r 11 existed in eircu'atioa m
- "d of -mall noies, the less would fall much
m re in ¡he mi'dh ac and poorer classes They
vou. 1 hold the smillnetes, tut not ihe large one 
Again tee 1 sses by counterfeits v,ere known to
be tenfold or stmll notes comp?red with the losses
or large enes, because the foimer being of mfp-
r or talue *e e less scrutinized, and weie hkew^e
in 'he posses ion of the laboring classes, K skil-
ful in detec'inn- counter e Is So that whether we
look to the saiety of th' banks ihem«elves, or to
the pro ection 0 the cummuni'y at large against
losst s, ibis mo ion to al ov small notes ought not
to preval
fue ex?mp e of Knglan I in noyv issuing no notes
less than five poun ¡s, er 1 ear twenty-five dollars,
was n favor of this view ef the subj ct In
France no notes were issued as low even as in
England
Mr. Crawro d, n 1820, in his report on the cur-
ie cv, lei sire r ¿íy U'g d lh-> supp es.ion of small
notes.
[Vir  V. here read from the report ]
A higher au hori'v «ti'l, with some gentlemen
en the o her side, m 1832, testified before the com-
mit ee o he House oí Represen atives that one of
He fiist s cp for impiovitg our bank n? system
w-is th   eidusion o* smell no'rs from general use
file herereferre' to, and explained Mr. Bidile's
test me 1 j e n that e ocasii n ]
S vcral S ate  ha a made very commendable pro
eress not only in piohibitmg no es und r five, but
rn h" ten dollars, tiU tbe d sasiers oí 1837 had h>d
to ih  lisp of deprecia ed pap°r and ef small n lies
again u its train asa part of its necessary and fatal
consequen es
It was hish time in making a model Bank like
this introruced, to improve the currency, and the
banking 01  the whole Un on, it wns higo time to
encourage a reiurn to sound principles.
I
