176
APPENDIX TO TIÍE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Cong.-.-1st S
Fiscal Bank—Mr. McClellan,
H. of Reps
Several of oar existing acts of Congre^ prohibit-
ed, hkewis0, the receipt or payment of notes tinder
ten dollars by pub'ic < iSceis To make this amend-
ment, th n, wouid not only viola'c all the sound
principles and good examples before mentiored, bu'
would prostata and annul our own laws.
Ho beped, therefore, the motion won'd not pre-
vail
SPEECH OF MR. McCLELLAN,
or NEW 10RK,
/a the House of Representatives, August 2, 1841—On
the bill to incorporate ihe subscribers to ihe Fis-
cal B?nk of the United States.
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York obtained
the floor, and commenced his argument ¿¡gamst the
bill, by ¡roving to strike tut the enacting clause
He regarded ihe act for the distribution oí the pro-
ceeds of tre?a! s of the public tends, and the lo<*n
bill, both of wr ich hal received the favorable ac-
tion of Congre-s as measures pnpara'ory to the
establish ¡m it of a National Bank. To cut off one
of the mam arteries ef revenue, and create a fund-
ed debt, were the nece^arv measures to Uy the
foundation for a National Bank, and fasten a pub-
lic debt upen the country.
These measures were not origina', they were m
accordance wi'h the principles of Alex ndei Ha
milton, the ancient exoo inder of Fe lerah m In
the political history of ih^ country, there was a re-
markable coincidence between the yeirs 1791 and
18-11, just half a century after the fust estat bail-
ment of a Bank of the United Siat-s In 1791,
ihere was a ieparalion between the money o1 t ie
Government and the banks, an ' the revenue wn
collected in gold and gilver, the constitutional cui-
rency of the country There u as then a s and ird
of value, with which a I commcdi es could te
compared, and their va'ue aserta ned Like the
standard of «eights and measures, it was uniform,
and subject to no fluctuations Ihe Goveinmtn ,
m ib financial operations, 'farted usht, and it «as
movin  in its constitutional limits, when an unfor-
tunate impulse was given to it by one of the lead
ing minds ot the day, in the establishment r í a N t-
tional Bank, which have cau ed nil the difficulties
and embarussmenis which have afll cted the coun-
try for the last forty years Tie admini tia ion of
Mr. Van Buren ttimmited m 1841, and re ulted
in separating th  ie\eiiocs of iV G iveimoeut fio n
bank , and n quo irg ln< ir co leeto n in gold rn 1 s '-
ver That Admim nation bnughi bailt die Govern-
ment wilhm its ct nstunt onil lull, It v, now
propond to take a fie h depinure, i d to travel
in the verv na^U marked eut b> Alr\ ne'er Hi
millón in 1791 Ihe estehii hmerit ef a Na'joml
Bank ¿t A a funde 1 debt was ihe r cession e' lie
first f< imatiem ejf pnr'ios in th s country Th 
l'-fue now pie-.nited w.is iiiuilicil wi h the one
Ihen tneel, ¡>nd Ihe same p rt es were rallying m
theirsuppoil Tie qtns'i n of aNatoiil Bat k
(s id Mr M ) 1 as api ,i i'd th s coun'ry in eierv
period of it  existrnc" The people have oepr ^ed
it with tnfleü: ble hostility, from 17DI, tdl t >e pre.
sent time, and they will cunt nue to eippe se it ns
inslituiion not warr.,med by ihe Const, ution, ard
dargcrors to publ o libeity, no matter uhat r/ny
have bien Ihe o, posue ,e irn rf indioivid iaK In
reference to its conMnutioi nl ty and expeehenet,
the question willeeer le regarded as ore ol tie
landmark* wh c.i divide .he two f r^pt parties con-
tending for the t. itiij in tl is country, at all < v nN
as long as the Con i vtipir-nv n-, s m-., 11 1781,
Jefferson and M id,son on ehe ore si i« ,j] 4 .
andcr Hamilton en ih- 11! ei, were tne exp und"iv
of the gieat pruicij le-- of thea resp e ive , anics
The former m i niaired thit Oiigie«s pos
sessed no pouer-, undei the Constitution lib cu
were net exp csly granted, or ndur en ally
necessary tsearry lb" grr te.iii.ouir 11 o etiect
They relad upon t1 ece temporaneons mst ry of ih
Constitu'ioo, «nd the nro< eedmgs m tne c invento n
which framed it, to show that the power to create
a Bank was exprés  y inhio'ttd Mr Madis n, n
his speech m 1791, &aid that it was proposed in the
convention to vest thi5 power in Congress, but, af-
ter three days' ardent débale, the proposition was
lejected, on the ground that it was a dangerous
power to entrust to the Federal Government    In
support of trie rower, it was contended that, taougn
tt w?s not among the ori i'sal powers, yet it was
incidental to them, and therefore fol'owed ai a mat-
ter of cmrse. The common law of interpretation
was urged in support of the power, but if the rule
of in erprctation, as contended for by Mr. Madrson
bad prevai'ed—if effect had been given to the
known intention and meaning of the framers of the
Cons'itution, the ques ion which has sgitaied the
people of this country for so many years would
have been put ae rest in 1791, by a solemn decision
aga'nst it This was the s ate of things in 1791,
when the first Bank of the Ujiied States was esta-
blished, and now, in 1841, we are met by the alle-
gation toat the consti'utionahty of a Bank of the
Uni'ed Slates is a settled question—settled by Con-
gress, settled by the Judiciary, and by tne people
Mr. M denied thai the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted S ates had ever decided thn Congress 1 ad tl ©
power to charter a National Bank for th  purpo<e
for which this B-nk 1- urged upon ths couniry—to
rehílate ihe exe-lnnges, and restore the disordered
cnrre"cy to a ! endtby stve.
Tne Sjpreme Court, in the celebrated case of Mc
Cullough against the Bankof Maryland,decided that
Congie^s hal the power to charter a Bank, if it
was necessary for th" fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment, and that the people alon , through their
Representatives in Congress, could deci 1c upon
th-tt nece si ty The court s^id ihat if aBu,k was
nccei. ary to carry o'l the fiscal opeiptions of the
Government—not tint if it was necessary to regu-
late exchanges and furnibh a currency—it would
be constitu íonal; kut such a Bank would be one of
exchange and deposite onH, sudno' of circuht on.
It w 1, decided that if the 1 ubhc revenue coul 1 be
cei'lectel and di bu scd to ihe public creditors
with nit a Bank Congiessbad no pj vf r to chir-
ter one. Then, -a>d Mr M I ask if <e Bank of the
Untied is neces<ary to collect the pubhc revenue,
and d burse it to the public creditors I ask it ih"
wants ot the Government require a Bank of
ihe Uniicd Stites with such tremendous powers as
aie given by this bib1 Ii would cent ol the lab< r,
indu try, and wealth of the countr/, and lender
trade .md commerce dependent upon it It would
con'rol the State sovereignties, and evtn obtain a
misery ovei ihe Federal Got eminent By its ex-
pansion an 1 ontractions, it would raise and de-
press prices as its inti-nst drlated—a state 'f
things which we Democrats, or Loco F< ce~s il your
plea'e, nevei will snbnut t . But h-ív ng the
power, nndei this plea of nece si'y, to cianer a
Bink, tj« p'oposed to incorpórale oth^r provi-
s e ns 111 a wh'oh are 1 ot narrmitd ly a> v
interpretation that ba b'en given 10 the
Constitution, an 1 thit is to resto-e ord-r t 1 a d -
rrnafel eu reney, an<t to regúlale exchanges
No"' for what olj°ot he would a k did tne fripnd,
of ih'o mesure «t k for its passaae lr" Ind seen
.' memorial on this «ubj ct from B i^ton—a ei y
wh ch il th'v were to b heve what ív-s claimed
for 11, v as to b c me the Lon Ion of fi r>eri"3, a d
if such was to bf its desfuy he -«ou'd fy a. 1 en to
it, fo' he wou d .ejo ee to se the caclle of A iier>-
can liberty reach ih° higher om^ae'e of piosn"r'iy
But to he lemeini Th' "iou ds on which ti >
rrmorali Is pra\crl fir the es -.1 1 shnent of a
Ba.nk of the United Sti s wcr  foi the purpose
ot reste m  order to 'he cunency— or r'gnla 11 g
the exchanse , and promoii'g t^i md ict y an 1 rt-
«eipr'se e f ihe con nry Nowih"ie v a no'one
we rd bt d in ihe nh" p of this p^'ipVet, clammg
th- e-.t->olnhpient of a Bink of i!k United S aU'S
on tl e eremrd of mak ng u ihe fl cai aarnt ot the
Govern nrnt. They did not ask for .1 Bank to col-
lect and disbur e th~ pub'ic 1 venue , but they
wanted i in it ihey might p'under labor of its re-
«a'á and t  be from th* hand of me ustry he brea 1
it has e-ined No/ I den},s-il Mr M t^at
tn«r  is any power m this Gov miitnt to regu'a e
exchanges an I re tore order to a ecanged p?per
currency. Unless you take tie ncide.it 1 power
and d>-aw out the Constituiicn like a pice of
India rubber, you cannot mike tl is Bark.
There is no moie power to eteaie it then there
is to provide the means for the people of On o
and Indiana to carry their corn to mark t He
recollected, Mr M. said, that he had a seat m the
25 h Congress, when it was conten led that a Na-
tional Bank was wanted to restate he foreign
exchanges wh'ch were then twenty two per cent,
against us Well, by the eperation of the Uws
of trade which are as unirorm and as immutable
as the law„ of the Medes and Persians, our fore gn
exchanges m a short time so regulated themselves
as to come do n 10 two and a half per cent, with-
out th  aid of a Bank of the United State . Thu
circunisian-e took away from the friends of a Na-
tional Bank then most potent argument. What
tnen' Why they contended that we must have a
Bank of the Urited States to regulate domestic
exchanges. Well, bir, said Mr. M if the banks
would only comp'y wi h their engagements, all this
cry of dcrangex! domestic exchanges would cease.
Look, aid he, at the sta e tf exchanges between
Chaileston, Sou'n Carolina, and New York—ihey
are merely nominal, and the. reason is, the banks of
Charleston 3nd New York comply with then- en-
gagements to the ceuntry and pay gold and silver
for iheir oblicatwns on demand. Another aigu-
ment in favor of a Bank of ihe Umied States is,
that we must have one to es.ablish a uniform cur-
rency. To this argument he would answer that
go'd and s lver, the only currency known to the
Cons ltution, is of unife>rm value; and that
there is no poi'er in Congress to es'abhsh
any other kind of currency. By the Constitti-
ton Congress has the power to com morey,
regulate t''e value thereof and of fore gn com.
Here is an express po*ei given to Congress to
make gold and silver the legal currency of the
ceuntry, and theie is i 0 other power given on the
subject. He denied that Congress had the power to
authorize a bank to make a cunency to drive ge Id
and silver out cf circulation. He defied gentle-
men to show it, either expressed or implied It
was the Uw of currency, that the basT circulation
aiwa>s driveb out its superior, and htre was the
power given by th s Bank to drive the gold out of
circulation by its five dollar notes. He wished
some gentleman would answer this argument,
though he believed none of them would attempt it.
Unless to com money meant to com paper—yes,
even the beggar'- r?gs—there was no power given
to authorize a Bank to laiue a paper c rculation.
There was another remarkable fact connected with
the f rant that Congress shall have power to com
money regulate the value thereof and of forugn
com Njw, said Mr M I en end that Congress
never performed its duty under this clau " of the
Constitution until the pas age of tre geld bill in
1834 I ontend that gold wa- undervalued until
tnat bid passed to suit the vtew¿ of the friend- of
ti" paper system, and the con tquene-e was it was
dri/f,  out nl the coun'ry by expoitati n In 1834
the a-old bill was passed, lestiring gild coins to
their true value, and tne fnends oí tse paper sys-
tem raised a clamor again < General Jacks id,
n t lor hanging Aibuthnot and Ambnster, but for
debasing the Ceiin. Ano ha argument in favor of
a National Bank was, that there w<s not coin
enough in th' country to f jrnnh a f ulicient circu-
lation. Mr. Webster in 1832 w?s chairman of the
Fmance Commit'ee of the Senate, and mide a re-
port, which indicated the total amoun' of g ¡Id and
liver in ¡he eoua ry By th s report, it appeared
ibi>t there were eighteen -n 'lions >n the couniry in
1832, but by ano'h^r official report, maJe in 1838,
it appeared that t^e amount of gold and siWei then
in the country was eighty milln ns, and it is now
upwarcs of one hundred midiovs. Now he would
ask th  cha rman of the C«mrra tee of Way^ and
Means how d d that go'd and s lver get h°ul It dat
not get here by the laws of tr<-de, for Ihe b^la^ces
weie then against ihe coun ry.    Sir, ..ai! Mr   M.
we have a suffic em amount of gold and silver in
the country to answer all the purposes 0 trade; and
't wi 1 remain here, the gMd b 1! having natural zet
it to the cun 1/, unless you p ss this bill, end that
w il dr.ve it out of the country I den,-, sa.d Mr.
M. t' at a Bank s nectary to aid the Government
n vhe collect on and disbursement of the public re-
venue I affiim that it w.lt be collected and dis-
bursed w.thout the aid of a Bank, State or
Naiicnil We have had some little expe-
rience m this matter. It had been the mis-
fortune of the Government to be connected with
