July, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________*                   ff9
27th Cong*..-1st Suss.                                             Fiscal Bank—Mr. Woodbwy.                                                                  Senate.
done by such joint-stock jobbug by the public witn
individuals. The pub'ie then is always the goce
that is plucked. The example? of England and
France have been cited to us by the chairman, in
favor of a National Bank, a-* if all ihe institutions
of monarchies were proper in. a republic, and as if
we were to have chu ch and state, inquisitions and
bastiles, because they exist in foreign despotism*;
or star chambers and white slavery, because the
form«r ha? been in England, and the latter still
exists in its India dominion5!. But let me ask, sir,
if even m England or France the Governments
own a single dollar oí capital in their Nan nal
Banks?   Certainly not
Did England or France, too, establish their Nn
tional Banks when ti.ose king'om^ already ros
sessed ihe immense amomt ot bank c=¡p.'al which
we have, of ihree hunJredand fifty-eight mi i ns?
By no means, hut when htile or none cxi te' in
either
Even then, with a populat on larepr ban ours
in one, and nearly as large in the oih r, «nd w>th
scarcely any oth'r bink capital in operation, did
they rashly estaüisb corpoiations with thi y to
fifty millions of capital? S > far from it, the Bank
of England began with only ab ut seven million
dollars of capital, and the Bank of Fr nice with
only thirteen millions.
On what pretence, then, by way of analoey,
should thss large amount of capital be retained in
the bill? and much less should the Government in-
vest a large part of it, mixed up with private indi-
viduals, tor speculation and gain? Nor is U ne-
cessary in order to control the banks, for reasons
before fully explained in ihis deba'e.
The only legitimate object of the bill, then, is
manifestly to eotablish a su 'able fiscal agent But
why should we attempt to git such an agent in the
form of a Bank, with po^e- to loan and is ue
bank notes—a po*ti doubt al, at leas', in re ird
to its constitutionality —when the whole objection
could bf avoided by miki ¡s, me agency without
banking power, and especially withou' any power
except of deposite and management of ihe publ c
revenue1
Even the Independent Treasury, or the Stif
banks, employed as the fiscal agency, would give
rise to no such grave cons ltutional question, and
either of those systems could undoubtedly be mo-
dified so as lo answer safely and satisfactorily
the public purposes ot the Treasury.
Again- Can i' be prudence or sound phil' s-j-
pby to risk the creation of an agent, whose consti-
tutionality is question-i ble, wnen other agerb can
be obtained against whom no such objections exi t,
and when, as in 1791 and 1816, no great reasons
exist whu b justify risk—resionsihihty and imme-
diate action?
In 1791, when thi fir-t charter wis framed, it
was supposed, with our English descent and p>e
judices, that a Bank would be fou id indispensable
More especially with he targe Revolutionary debt
op seventy to eighty millions hanging over u--,
some appreriended that it cou'd not be mara?ed,
and the Govrnjien' precu e neeessaiy 1 an ,
without the help of such an lGstuuuo'i. He ice
Congress, (hen, under ti ose c rcamstanc s, dead d
a Bank t b necessary an! prop r S >, agam, in
1816, wt h the debt o a sec n 1 war, nearly
doubled, or reaching one hundred and twenty th-ce
milh ns, wi"i an exp elation of raore loans to be
needed, and wrhotit any existing fiVal ,-gerts in
most of the cou"try, exceot -suspended State banks,
Congrts again dec ded such a Bank to be neces-
sary and proper.
But no such emergenc es or excuses now exist
Oui permanent d"b> has been ah extingui-he 1, and
the temporary one of a few mil ioni of Treasury
notes has been ^nd can he well managed without
the aid ot any bank. We have also an mdepen
dent, saf , and tcmom cal fiscal pgen-y n> efficient
operation. We have, piso, ihe hants of expt-
rience since 1816, in ihe conduct and misfortunes
of the last Unite 1 S'í es Bank, to warn us m^t
solemnly against ever creating another, as we are
now doing, with such tremendous power in its
capital, to be wielded for either public pi lined
purposes,  or the private pecuniary rum of ihou-
: sands of helpless and otherwise poraonless s'ock-
I holders.
Again: Can it be wise to venture on this, when
the whole community bears witness to the fact,
that thii Bank is a mere party measure? It is de-
manded here, on the one side, only by members of
I one party, and denounced in the other wholly by
the other party; aided, however, I fondly hope, by
? tew independent, fearless, faithful adherents on
the other s  ie to the constitutional doctrines of '98.
It ha-, indeed, been a party measure from the
ou'set ol the Government, and helped to divide
and imbit'ti party feeling'; quite as much under
the fir t charter as under the second. Except tlnse
pep-on^ v ho ay hive supported either Bank from
an honest conviction that the exigencies oi the
iTes in 1791 ind 1816 rendered one necessarv,
and there! re t* institutional, the Democracy have
be n arriedlo ¿lmist «olid phalanx against fh*
tn meidous mduence of such a great State engine
Hat'ui ( n h < li <• aUed it "a political machine of
ih1 2ieat<st lifro-'aic  to the State "
[He>e Col< nel Benton asked leave to read, and
did read, the wh If passage on this point from
Hamtl oti's rep r¡ ]
Ye°, M-, and oi'y a fey days ago we were grave-
ly told, n one of ¡he ¡elding Whig presses, that
the Sec ctirv's report recommending this measure
now under corstdrration "is, in fat:f, a return to
flu old an 1 tried sys em cf forty years' standing—
the father if wrtc'-> vas A exander Hamilton."
Thus, m the fust half year of the present Adminis-
tration we ^re throv n barn, or attempted to be, to
the worst, m sudious, most dangerous, and mo-
narchical mea uieof the gren leader of Federal-
ism hdf a century aip.
Will the Senate excuse me lor realmg an ac-
c unt of the t> inner mwhehthi political machine
worke',even under lie puier days oí ihe Republic,
aidfron'h  1i,is o* i venerable Democrat, not
hostile ait rwards to 'he B ink on prmeip e? We
need ni de* nption oí the political influences of
the last Ba k under ourosnejes, mi's >housand
and one pre se , alloruey^, agents, an 1 interests,
scattered over th> wh le Union, and mjved by an
auocrat, bem d e ene , wiih t1 eiegulirny and
po cr inp 'lie i qual to he vis' machinery ot
some large m"tju ao ory
But few ot a 1 now, except from fadition, the
doings under tne first charter of this important
topic; and, theiefore, let me repea' them briefly
from Gen   Sm ih in Congress in 1811.
"At Aleut's operation" welc confined to Philadelphia It ex
tended Us branches -*ometi ne aftei wu4 to Boston New York,
ilalnmoie, and Chaiit<-ton Wherever it extendel its influence,
dissensions comtitnce wh íevti it [ lace 1 1W foot ubecome
also ncees=ttl\ for tlie i>ti is lo i ect an ither Hank, ticoun
leiactils pel umar) tnd ¡ i i tic it influence In Philadelphia it
begin tu opposecettain people and pu' down their paper The
¡state ol Pennsylvania, m lefen eofisown citizens, created
the Hank of Pmr ^ylvania " Otelating is the Bank did upon
the politics ol the conn iv helire irscflects weie neutralized by
competition—man bene man plact into whcie you will—
tho-e concerned m the llnik sot p weraniex ri lsed it When
IheHliu htieatyifu ) *as pen hn? bel >reCo"iiree«, the pre
oident and ¡¡rectus tht n dv^cunul anout a inemona! to
Con^r s^ in its tav t w i!i w H \ Qwa i I whit effect,may ea
sily be eouceiv 1" 'Pul to t ie «leaf >ti tisr^le between the
paitiey n 179S hey ' Ipetniif one D no ta o 1 c withinthe
Yvillsofth^ nnrtu irv as a duel tu JÍ was however imme
diately upon (hung to i\chisvotein fa\ o ota Democratic
can U late, put on and lure that ¡me n i imn of Democratic
pnncip'es ha= b en peí miíie i to ente111 s w ilh a^ a director '
Itic'eed, l e u" of h s r> r is n c rse was all
corob ir«.ted hy th" tha ¡ ¡ in himself < i the same
oecasior; an I, v  n n 18)6 ha c iar *>t ' his views
as to t c c i'isii iit.oii j,h'y f i c s c md BaBk, he
still avo will n b if h t tn f st Bank was pro-
perly rifusrj ,x i ch"r er, for ihi , among other
reasois—th^t its pi c h-id been prostituted to
patiy objects Ho v r^sh mu t i* be to interweave
again the puhl „ iiir-ras s, and pu in jeopardy the
pabliC fund " t ins..tutton pariy i. its origin,
p?rty in íu ¡ rogres , an I pat j n ail Us influ-
ence '
On the conn rv ho i much more constitutional,
ss well? '< ufi d, n d p "'ert a d erTective,
wimdit V i i Vet n iividnpl p b c agents for
tie TreaoJry, s f r 'he o'bev d' pat meM«; and to
iteep and día1 u se our own r<-vpn"e by our own
officers, not suij'Ct to hav  it loan 1 out to every
oodv, and ah ími-* exposed to loss, nor to have its
reoaymei.f refused b/ a g> n^ral suspension of
«p'eue pajmen   , when mon wan ed for the*public
r ecessme-, and the preservation of the public faith.
The argument used by gentlernea the other dav
against making the operations of a Bank, as a fiscal
agent,depend on the pleamre or caprice of State as-
sent, applies with mnch greater force against plac-
ing all our funds funds so as to make their prompt
return dependent on the solvency, embarrassment,
or whim of a few bank speculators.
How can gentlemen talk seriously of the evils
of the old Confederation, which prevented the col-
lection of out revenue until the States chose to act,
and not see the danger of putting our revenue,
after it is collected and is likely to be wanted
daily, into the custody and control—not of our own
individual' fficers, under severe penalties—bat of
ihe stockholders of a bank, or their nabob agents,
with property risked in every quarter of the globe,
wanting our funds most for their speculations when
we need th  m most, and responsible to nobedy for
misbrhavitr, except under mere civil liabilities?
Another apparent absurdity in establishing a
Bank with such a capital arise  from the circum
siance, that, so far as regards taking any share in
it by the Government, we have no surplus revenue
to devote that way; but must incur a permanent
national debt of ten or sixteen millions, in order
to accomplish the object. Oiher and useful fiscal
agents can be constituted, without incurring any
debt whatever.
Another objection is, that we thus increase Ex-
ecutive patronage, through a greater concentration
or union ot the purse and sword, by placing new
officers, with high salaries as directors, at Ihe dis-
posal of ihe President; by putting yearly means of
near two hundred millions discounts under central
control here, so as to penetrate every hamlet, and
poison every vein and ariery of the body politic;
and, in fine, by posting here or abroad a moneyed
power behind the throne greater than the throne
itself, or eise subjecting the whole to an Executive
influence, more paramount and dangerous than all
the standing armies and alien and sedition laws
which ever stained our hi'tory.
Another objection is, that we are urged to con-
centrate hire this immense amount of «ísocioíed
wealth in a tune of profound peace with foreign na-
tions; in a 'íme of great freedom from debt; when
we have in operation already an efficient fiscal sys-
tem ; when a sound currency is established success-
fully for the Government, when foreign commerce
is in a heal hy condition, when money is plenty
and cheap, ind bank capital m the country abun-
dant ra'hor than detieient; and when, to establish
such a Bank here, and with such loose provisions
as exi=t in thu bill, is clearly to do what is con-
demned bv expediency, if not by ths Constitution
—condemne 1 by experience—eondemned by sound
reasoning, a id what must be condemned by the
country at 1 uge as soon as the whole circum-
stances are duly examined and understood.
Before . mctionirg such a total revolution In our
present sy i m of finance, and establishing a mea-
sure so des ule of many modern improvements
and re«tn i ons m banking, and so open to the
worst penh to public liberty, a'low me to invite
jouratienti n a moment, f to the constitution-
al objectify mi's way.
I do not e ign to fang j ihe Senaie by a labor-
ed argument on this rjuesuon, but merely to lay
down hasti y a few very general positions.
First. It is not pretended that th~re is any ex-
press grant m the Constitution to establish corpo-
rations, much less banking ones, wiih power to
make loans ind issue paper.
Secondly Setting aside the power in and for
this District and the Territories, (over which Con-
gress hasaithonty for all kinds of legislation,)
there is no pre enee of any express grant, from
which can be fairly implied the p iwer to make
banking eo-porations for the General Government
and the St?'-?, unless it be from the grant to collect
taxes, «fee or to coin meney, or to regulate commtret.
But eveiy one knows now, after reading Mr.
«Madison's Debales m the Convention, (published
in 1839,) tnaf, however gravely a committee of the
other Hou«e once contended that engraving bank
notes was to coin money, the money there referred
to was metaluc, and not paper; that the (rimers of
the Constitunon sought to  avoid paper  i .uiey as
