August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
27th Cons .... 1st Slss,
Appeal on a Point of Order—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
and Jacobinical.    On thi. point I am not to be mis-
undtrstood, however I may be misrepresented.
I say nothing on this occasion irrelevant or go-
ing beyond the subject. 1 offer no opinion upon
vested rights in priva'e life, or chartered rights in
private compames. I speak merely to the record
before me—the precise pomt m controversy—and
let me tell gentlemen opposite—let the community
and capitalists on both sides ef the Atlan ic take
warning, hat this bill purports to be on a public
matter—a fiscal agency for the Treasury Depart-
ment of the United States. It is one not asked for
to promote the private mtereMs of a few individu
als, and a grant of chartered rghts made (as an in-
stance) foropenmg some s nail mine or s one quar-
ry owned exclusively by them; but it is recommend-
ed by the high officers of the Government as a
mea-ure required for the public convenience, and
to carry on satisfactorily the public administration
of affairs.
It is one m which a majority of the shares of stock
created m¿y belong to the United States, and a
large portion must so belorg, and which, after cer-
tain deductions, must pay into the Treasury all its
profits, which is placed at the seat of Government,
and under central control, like other agents and
bureaus of the departments; whicii is made amena-
ble to Congress itself, as well as the head of
the Treasury, for many of its domg% and
open to their inspection and visitatorial power for
all of them; which, in fine, is made the depository
of all the public treasure; its noies receivable
for all the public dues; and our money in its
vaults pronounced to bo in the Treasury itself of the
United States, and none oí its provisions con-
stitutional under any pretence, except o ¡ the
ground that they are necessary tc accomplish im-
portant public objects. Yet, after all this, we are
io be told that such an act is not liable to be
changed by Congress, or repealed, whenever a ma
jonty shall deem the measure required by the pub-
lic interests, though it is public in its origin, public
in Us design, public mils s'ructure, public in its
control, and public in its operations. Under these
circumstances, common sense, as well as common
justice to the existing community and posterity,
both require that, like all other public laws, -whe-
ther in the form of constitutions, ordinances,
charters, resolutions or acts of Congress it be
subject to amendment and repeal, as new
light* or the opinions of a legal majority may de-
mand.
Society, in its progress, with new wants, new
generations, new discoveries, rides over all public
obstacles m the path of improvement. And waile
it should not and will not encroach on any private
rights without urgent occasion, and without fur-
Hishiug ample indemnity, it must and will sweep
away, or amend, enlarge, and better evtry public
institution withai its reach, whatever be the form
of its creation, or the subject on which it ope-
rates.
The decision m the Dartmouth College case, if
sound constitutional law, (which many doubt,)
does not in the slightest degree impugn this doc-
trine. Because, there, the corporation originated
in a private application; was granted for a private
charitable purpose; had no funds at first, except
from private sources and donations; and was not
placed under public control, nor used by the Go-
vernment for any public object.
So, if t ie present bill established a private bank
for (his District—for private gam and on private
memorials—neither in its structure, operations,
nor design, connected with any department of the
Government, nor placed under its special control
and vHitation, and Congress shou'd choose to
invest $50,000 or §100 000 m its slock, a< it might
choose to do m «ome manufacturing or tradirg
corporation,—I do not contend, however loohsh
and unadvisable were such investir ents, that
they thus made these private corporations
public ones, or open, like public one , re-
peal. I say nothing on this p< int one way or
the other, as it is not before us But the two cases
are as different in their character as darkness is
from light, and the doctrines m the Warren
Bridge cause, decided by the Supreme Court since
the Dartmouth Cohege opinion, recognise and il-
lustrate (uily the'-e disut'c'i. n , and, in my view,
ja^Ufy m'ly ihe liability ot the pre-ent act to re- 1
peal. Yis, sit, me handwriting is on the wall;
a'id he tt at runs may read that rep: al is liable to
follow a measure of this kind. It must be agi-
tated from its legal liability to repeal, and from the
conviction—deep routed and widespiead among
the Democracy oi the country—hat the establish-
ment of such a Bank as tus must al-o be legarded
as unconstitutional, and therefore subject to be re-
pealed whenever feasible. The sovereign State
whose right  and interests are in part placed here
in my care, and who-" wishes I am not likely to
ove'look—that Sute pas solemnly reso ved that
such an act of legislation, beir>« public as well as
unconstuutional, is repealable, and ought to be re-
pealed.
Eircn in the charter proposed in 1832, motions
were m-ule to insert m the act itself, incorporating
a United States Bank, that it should not exclude
the establishment of other similar institutions at
any time deemed useful by Congress, nor be deem-
ed exempt from repeal. They enrolled in their fa-
vor several lol'y names in our history, and faded
by only a few votes;—whether frim a belief that
the power existed without any express provision,
or from other causes, is to me unknown.
But the conviction his strengthened daily, and
will continue so to do, that each generation must
take all suitable steps to secure us own welfare;
that it is oppressive to bind posterity in bondage,
or overload it with improper burdens; and that,
however regardful all ought to be, as a matter of
great public policy, not to violate private contracts,
or depart from the public faith pledged constitu-
tionally and legally, (as in any reoeal here we
should not avoid any loan contracted,) yet that we
are prone to be too meddlesome in legislating for
p-iva^e mattus, and in mmahng (as in this bill)
private dealings for gam with the mere governing
and controlling power over the whole.
It has been well said that society, if let alone,
can alone work out most improvements. "The
world is governed too much," and "the best Go-
vernment is that which governs least." The
country within a few year* has grown much wiser
on these topics Let it alone, arid all will come
neht But if the majority choose to agitate, and to
abandon a safe and constitutional fiscal system,
which exists in the Independent Treasury, and not
replace it by another m the State bank's—both of
which are less exceptionable on many accounts
than the present bill, a^d both of which can in
various ways be materially improved-—if the ma-
j onty cnoose to do this, and m hish party times,
and under party impulses, if not for party pur-
poses, elect to estab ish a public agency which
- hall possess the banking powers attendant on a
large capital and circula'ion, and mvite individuals
to risk their fortunes on such an i'1-judged and
hazardous attempt—'he latter must not complain
in the end, if then interests are not forfeited, but
repealed and returned, and made to follow the fate of
their political partner, for ftho^e paramount (b-
jtct?, wishes, ends, and aims, this public institution
is. to be established.
The chairman thinks thi  enormous capital,
which I propose to strike out, will be subscubea,
notwithstanding the threat-, of repeal, and notwith-
standing an opposition which he seems t« consider
to unwartantable. But 1st me tell that gentleman,
the re-istance to this mea-Uie is not by violence,
bloodshed, or rebellion; but it is by a "weapon
nrruer set, and better than tne bayonet"—by the
ballot box It is through peaceful legislation—it is
not m the fepnit of a«ranani^m or levelling—it is
net wit'out high authorises and ample reasons.
The opposition to thi measure embodies much
of that part of the scientific corps ef the country
which has made matters of finance, banking, and
the currency, a topic of research. It embodies al-
most the whole Democracy in solid column—it
embodiei many from the other side, of the suf-
ferers and victims by the monstrous abuse ! in
banking which of late years have spread desolation
round so miny firesides.
It embo lies even many sound po'itical econo-
mists, practical bankers, intelligent merchants, and
talented editors, m the ranks of our opponents, be-
cause, though not opposed to such an institution in
the abstract, they deem this one premature, ill-
timed, ill-digested, and with a location and capi-
tal dangerous alike to public virtue and public li-
ber1 y.
Ytt, unde, all this, the chairman urges on our
part silent acquiescence, if not support. He incul-
cates repose, repose. When out of power, that
gentleman's motto was, agitation! agitation! He
attacked every thing—supported nothing. But
now, when schemes the mo>t dangerous and un*
constitutional are u ged upon us—when every
doubtful power is to be usurped and pushed to the
utmost—vvhen it is avowed in the public press that
a return to the ptmeiples and policy ef Alexander
Hamilton is meditated and in progress—can it be
expected that all the steady opponents of those
principles ft r half a century are to be lulled into
deathlike repose? Can it be hoped that the repre-
sentatives of the sterling deraociacy of the land,
under such omens of ruin as a permanent national
debt, increased taxe*, and augmented expenditures,
are to sleep at their posts? that they are to lick in
quiet the hand that smites trgags them; crouch to
oppiession like the ignoble Hindoo; succumb tame-
ly to every species of derision; and, under aggres-
sions like these, polluted and polluting, practise
only repose! repose'
Let me admonish gentlemen on the other side,
that if they believe our principles, habits, or faith,
could make us submit, with the abject silence of
slaves, to encroachments like these, they possess
less ssgacuy than is usually attributed to them.
God forbid fiat repose under oppression should
ever characterize any portion of the freeborn race
from which we spring. You mistake us. You
will find no repose, sir, while urging upon the coun-
try a system of flagrant measutes, of which this
Bank constitutes one not Ihe least objectionable.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Saturday, August 7, 1841.
The unfinished business of the morning hour of
Friddy was called up, being the discussion
on the points of order raised on Mi. Benton's mo-
tion to take up the papers containing the proceed-
ings and rc-olu ions of a meeting held in Fauquier
county, Virginia.
Mr CALHOUN ttv-e simply to state what the
question of order before the Senate was. The Se-
nator from Kentucky had moved to lay the appeal
made by the Senator from Missouri on the point
of order on the table. He (Mr. Calhodh) ob-
jected that the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to lay a question of order on the table was
itself out of order, and insisted that he had a right
to speak to the question of order which he had
raised, notwi h-,tandmg the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky. The question now before the
Senate was, it the motion of the Senate r from
Kentucky to lay the question of order on the table
was iKelf in order, and on that question he asked
the yeas and nays.
The y eas and na\s were ordered.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky begged leave to say a
word or two. He did not think this last move-
ment of he Sen.itor from South Carolina was, in
itself, in order; but he did not mean to be particu-
lar abuui trspt, ail he intended to say was, that one
question of ordei cannot be piled upon another,
ad infinitum, but ¡.till he hoped the s^nse of the Se-
nate would be taken on this decision of the Chair.
He would recapitula e the proceedings, in order to
show what leally was .he pending question. The
motion to pr<nt wa¿¡ ordered to be laid on the table.
A motion was made to take up the papers again;
the Cha.r decided that the motion to print carried
with 't the papers; the Senator from Missouri pro-
ceeded to debate upon what was not, consequently,
befce the Senate. He (Mr Clay) eal'ed the Sena-
tor to older on that point. Tne Chair decided that
the Senator wa, not in order. The Senator appealed
from the deci-ion of the Chan? He (Mr. Clay)
movtd to lay the appe 1 on the table. The
Senator fiom South Carolina gets up and denies
that an appeal can be laid on the table. He ap-
peals to the Chair, ¿nd the Chair decides that it
can.   He now takes an appeal from the decision
