188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Cong""1st Sbss.
appeal on a Point of Order—Mr. Calhoun.
¡senate.
of the Chair, and calls for the yeas and nays If
the Senate says the appeal «an be laid en the table,
then the decision oí me Chair if. right. If thr Se-
nate says not, then is the decision of the Chair er-
roneous. This is the point which ihe Senate is
now called upen to decide- He (Mr. Clay) be-
lieved he had stated the point fairly and truly.
Let it be tried on principle first, and then on the
simple factat issue. Now on principle—11 it pos-
sible it can be maintained, thar ihere is any sub-
ject which the Senate cannoi lay on the table, ex-
cept the question of adjournment ajid one or two
others specially eiempt-d The objects of this
mode of getting over a question are oí two kind ,
one may be the intention of the Senate, in laving a
subject on toe table, not to take it up again, the
other, that it may bt taken up at a more conve-
nient time for diccus«ion But the reasons—the
quo amino with which the Senate lays a snbjec' on
the table, cannot affect the right of laying it on the
table. The question at issue now is, after all,
whether an appeal can be laid on the tajle or not.
He (Mr. Cuy) said it could The Senator
from South Carolina said it could not Now, sup-
pose a case of expediency—suppose a question of
war, which might be precipitated by discussion, 'he
necessary preparations not being complete—wruld
it not be expedient for the majority to have an un
.controllable right to lay that subject on the table
against the opposition of a minority' With regard
to the precedents by wh ch the Senator from Souih
Can lina argues that the Senate ought to be go-
verned—what are they? They are, indeed, of
three kinds—the rules of the Senate itself, the rules
of Parliament and parliamentary usage, and the
rules of the American House of Representatives
The first he (Mr Clay) acknowledged were para-
mount. But, in their absence, th" Senator argues
it is necessary to ^o to the laws cf parliamentary
usage tor our Government. This he (Mr Clat)
denied. He did not want to go to any outlandish
precedents like those of the Paibament of EngUnd
while ihe preceden!, of an American House oí
Rppresentatives. could be appealed to Yes, an
American Home of Representatives' And such a
House of Representatives! That glorious House
oí Representatives which had so gloriously pa^ ed
the Bank bill—God bless it1 That House winch
had shown that it can do the business of the people
in a way that none but a Whig representation can
do. With 240 members that House can despatch the
measures which the people ¿repealling íor m an
agony; while this body, with only fiftv-two mem
bees, is proceeding at us sn ill's pace But perhaps
he was not m order m kcturing on energy, for it
■was but yesterday that the Senator from Georgia
[Mr Cvthbbrí] had reprimanded him (Mr Ciay)
for being too passionate. Well, he took the re-
primand in got d part—in the kindest nanner be-
cause it came with such good grace from the Se-
nator from Georgia, so remarkable for his placidity
and ummpassioned manm r. The reprimand i ame
so admirably from the Senator—. ordering h nv
cool he gtnerally keeps Now, as it was, per-
haps, not to be denied that he (Mi Clay) was at
times a Utile to ¡ vano, he should, he believed, in
future, wh>;n he felt himself so, resort to a rt medy
which he vas r'mmiltu of by a circumstance that
recurred to him. The litt Governor of Virginia
once told a «on of his, (Mr Clay's) who mhetilod
a little too much of his fathei's passionate temper
amea, that he could give him a most effecual
cure for a fit of passion ft was to takcagool
draught of cool water. He, Mr Ciay, would m
future, when he felt him elt growing t >o warm m
this chamber, step m o the House of Repre'enta
lives, and •'ake a cooling draughi from the reKsh
lag springs of patnotism, * hieh sunvi^ora'ed flat
body for despair J of business lie hoped the Senaü r
from Georgia would o erlonk ihis digress oi Tore-
turn to the subject cf fPCPét nts Let the Ame-
rican House of Represent lives be taken m the
absence of any rules of the Senate bearing-upon a
particular pom1, and a recent case It rnishes a p <
cedent in point, in the appeal t ¡<en by Mr Adams
on a point of order What was done with that ap-
peal? The decision ol the House was, that v
should be laid on the table While this precedent
was at hand, he (Mr. Clat) would not go to the
parliamentary laws or usage of England for any
precedent Bete wa  a precedent from the m< st
pure and patriotic body in the world, God bless
it! and let it be taken. He hoped the Senate
would, by its decision in th  vote about to b  ta-
ken, tell the Senator from South Carolina ih.i his
appeal was not warranted,
Mr.  CALHOUN said  that  ihe Senatoi  from
Kentucky was so completely mtox'cakd with joy
at the passage of his Bank bill through the House
oí Representatives, that he had entirely forgot all
he ever knew about questions of order
Mr CLAY, (from his seat)   A good deal so.
Mr C1LHOUN    Entirely so.
Mr. CLAY, (from his seat.)   I will get sober by
a draught from the refreshing springs Oi patnoti m
again
Mr CALHOUN. He hoped so, and that the
Senator when sobei would be able to recollect
what were the rules of order.
He laid n down as a ge> eral rule that a motion
to lay on the table attached lo every question tlr>t
could berated    Very will     Let us tes i it.    He
asked the Senator whether it could attacn to a mo-
tion to adj' urn
Mr. CLAY    Allow me to explain
Mr  CALHOUN     Certainly
Mi  CLAY    I meant not aU mcuions.    But on-
ly motions that were debatab'e
Mr CALHOLSJ     Very well     Let us te>t the
proposition a1  ih' s modified     A motion to amend
is debatable.    Can you lay that on the table?
Mr CLAY.   Yes.
Mr CALHOUN The Senator.* entirely mis
taken. Tht rules and preceden s are both opposed
to it. Eut let it pass A motion to postpone is
debatable Will the Senator say 'hat can be !a*d
on the tabled
Mr CLAY. No, but you may lay the question
proposed to be postponed on the table
Mr CVLHOUN.   Certainly,   No one will dis-
pute that, but that is not the question fere.
Mr. CLAY attempt>d to explain
Mr. CALHOUN replied    Suppo e the Crair,
instead of deciding that the motion to lay the print
nig on the table did not carry the mam  question
with it, and suppose that the appeal was made from
the opposite side of the Hoi.se from the decision of
the Chair     In that case, a  motion to lay tne m-un
question on the table might carry tne appeal w ih
it, whik the motion lo lay the apptal on tne table
woul 1 have been out of  order, becau«e it would
have left the mam question before the House with-
out deciding the point of order contrary to  parlia-
mentary rule
Mi CLAY. No, sir, no, the mam question
wis on taking up tht papéis ayatn afier the Chair
had decided thai they were i ot before the Senate—
that they bad been laid o'u the table.
Mr CALÜOUN Tuat does not >ary the case.
He was stating what he did for the puipos" of il
lustration, and the deci ion of 'he Chair could not
effect the ultimate decision— ho appeal carries the
question to the Senate for its decision, ai d is sub-
ject, in that stage, to ihe same rules of order as
it was while before the crair, and it is
wonderful that the Senator does noi per
ceive wh t is a fundamental principle n ihi
IttPs of parliamentary proceedings, «hat a question
of or*'tr aitach-s to all other questions, while no
othei queslioi of privilege can attach to it or over-
ride it except the motion to adjourn It is t enn-
■• quenee or his universal principle, that que-.
litii- of Otder must first be decided as first laid
down in the Ma'iua1, or rules on which me Seiator
has acted hand ed oi times wh'le p-esiding in *he
otl e[ House, but v e are now told that the Ma-
v uíl is nc autlior't}, that parliamentary rubs ire
of m, b nr'ing fo>-ce, a.id that we must look t loe
decisions of iheAinu.e n House ot Representa-
tives f>r t ur guije. Tint Howe has benea
gttat favorite with the Senator since it has been
p'aced under the operation of tne gas, hut i-, the
■•enator ienous in aying that the parliamentary
lu'ts, in the absence of our own, pre not our
grade? is he ignorant of ihe facts thtt ¡hey have
b en referred to m tne absence i f our own positive
rules as our guide ever since tne establishment of
the   Government,  and  that  Mr.   Jefferson,   in
hs Manual, expres-ly assetts mem to be the
rule of the body in such cases' He says express-
ly, speaking ot ihe patliamentary rules "The
President mast feel weightily and seriously this
confidence in his discretion, and the necessity of
recurring, for its government, to some known sys-
tem of rules, that he may neither leave himself
free to indulge caprice orpawon, nor open to the
imputation of them But to what system
of rules is he to recur, as supplementary to these
of ihe Señan? To ihis there can be but one an-
swer: to the sjUems oi regulations adopted by
-one one of the parliamentary bodies within these
States, or ot that vhich has served as a proto-
type to most of them This last is the model
whici, we hive all studied, wh'le we are little ac-
quain ed with the modifications of it in our own
States. It is deposi ed, too, m publications pos-
sessed by many, and open to all "
Htre it is evident ihat the rules of the Senate
ar. pare mount as far as they po, but in their ab-
sence we can have no rules so well established,
or so safe for our guide, as parhamentaiy rules
and usage In thes3 matiers the Senate is to de-
cide for itself. The House of Repie entatives,
undei similar circumstance , is also 'o decide for
itself, each independent of and without reference
to the other But now that the present "g onons"
House of Repre^erualives his passed so trium-
phantly the Senator's Bank bib,ihe Senate, which did
not pass it quite so gloi,ojsiy, is to be governed by
the rules of the mor glorious body The next
thmg he (Mr. Calhods,) exp cted that Ihe Se-
nate would wish io take from the House, would be
us gag law
Mr CLAY, (from his seat.) Yes, and we ought
to hove i .
Mr CALHOUN And, if the Sena or can, no
dotibt we will. But,to proce d: from Mr. Jefferson's
authority, he (Mr. Calhoun) would quote from bis
Manual the conclusion o* the paragraph. T<*lkiBg
of the code of parliamentary rules then in use in
the Senate, he s-ays
"Its rules die pi i Mbly-b. wisely constiucted ibl governing
Ihe debates of a consultative body, and obtaining its true sense,
as any winch can become known to us, and the acquiescence of
these ate hitheito undei the ¡eferentes to them, has givei
them the sanction of then appnbation "
TI cse, then, are the rules which the Senate has
adopted. The Senate has, to ? certain extent, us
own rules, m the absence of specific rules, it has
this code of par'iamentary rules, and, in the ab
senceofboth, it must make rules, for itself, and
not call upon the n\i"T bra- ch ol Congress to make
them for it Under its own rules, and the parlia-
msntary code, it has acted tor fifty years, and will
cortinue to act— he glor} of the House which
parsed the Bank bill so triumphantly notmtlv.land-
ing With regard lo the pre cedent from that House,
allpde 1 to by the Senator from Kentucky, what
was it' It was a "eces=ary consequence of a com-
plication of rules piled up to shut out Abolition pe-
titions The very cas« alluded to was under the
21st rule, made expre sly to ^hut out these peti-
tions. He would request the Secretary Mr the Se-
nate to read the rule
Tht Secretary re id the 21st and 22d rales
Mr CALHOUN (in continua ion) r marked
that he thought it would turn out that this decision,
which elated the Sena or so much, arose out of a
access ty supposed io exist of overruling a lormer
rule, which had b en i ver taped by the desire of
deba'mg on an appeal, what could not be debated
ottierwi e It is one of ihose cases of exped ency
which forms th  exception, >ot the g^ieral rule
Mr CLAY I dm' dojb' but tnat «a  ire fact,
\et it is a prece Liu ihn an appeal can be laid on
ibe table
Mr CALHOUN Why, th' Sena'or might as
s/ell take up ihe whole ct urse of the othei House
n legislative s c ion on me subject of ab ilition, as
a guide for the Senate in matters not at all con-
nected wuh that snbj et The particular rule allu-
ted lo is, as stated, an exception, corroboration
it the geier..! rue, that one privileged questiow
cannot be piitd upon another A question ot order
! aunot be got rid of in this way The establ sneel
mies of the Senite, and ihe code of parliamentary
rules by which it is guided, are as firm as the
mountains, and cannot be shaken.
