August, 1841.___________     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________       *!
27th Conq....1st Sbss .__________              Appeal on a Point of Order—Mr. King.                                                            Sena-teT
Missouri [Mr Linn,] but there was certainly an er-
ror of expression in ihe eDtry on the journal.
Mr. CALHOUN. Well, s>r, that is not retriev-
als now. u is entered there as your decision, ths
only way to settle it is to retract your decision.
Mr. "WHITE did no' care m which point of '
view it was taken. It was a mere incidental ques-
tion put to the Chair, and an incidental expression
cf opinion, which got on the journal erroneously as
a decision. It seemed to him there was now no
occasion to press the matter further, but merely to
correct the journal.
Mr. WRIGHT «aid he did not feel himself very
conversant with nice points of order, but, on a
mere question of iaet which he saw and had a per-
lect recollection of, he could state his impressions,
and pernaps help to elucidate the matter which
seened so d insult to settle He recapitulated the
facts as already known to the reader from p'e-
vwus recaj ltulations
Mr BAYARD «aid the Senator from New
\ ork was mistaken as to its being a motion to
take up the papers, it was a motion to take up the
motion to print The way m which this matter
become complicated, was from the incidental
question put by the Senator from Missouri, [\4r
Linn ] Now, as soon as the Senator, [Mr. Bs-n-
ton ] made his motion to print, it was an inciden-
tal proposition, and had no effect apon the sub-
ject matter. The moment it was read, whe-
ther by title or otherwise, it is in possession
of the Senate, and something has to be done
with it besides the incidental order to
print Before the final disposit on came on,
the mischief grew out of the question put to the
Cnair by the Senator from Misvoun, [Mr Linn ]
The whole error on ihe journal is in not Mating
that die expression of the Chair «a* in answer to
the question ot t>ie Sena or trom Missouri, [Mr
Linn ] He wonl i draw up a correction for the
journal which would satisfy all parlies
Mr BENTON «aid he would be satisfied to do
a y thing to relieve the Senate from emba'rass-
ment, if ¡he journal was set right.
Mr SEVIER moved to take ihe question on the
appea'.
Mr. CLAYTON said he did not know whether
he should vote or not on that appeal. The osily
qregion that could be decided was the question of
order, -whether the calling up of the papus again
was deba'abie or not. This was the only i¡ue-t on
that ought, now to be put The decision on the
journal was no dtcr-ion at all. It was not made
as a decision It could not be, because a question
of order was pending which fchou'd fiist be dis-
posed of.
Mr. MERRICK understood the Senator fiom
Mi souri to express h s desue to withdraw his ap-
peal. He (Mr Mess ck) hoped he could be _1-
Jo\ ed to do so It is understood the journal will
be corrected.
^Tr SEVIER understood the offer of the Senator
from M1S3OU11 was, to withdraw his appeal, on the
journal be,ng corrected. Did the Chair mean to
correct the jourr P
The CHAIR had frequently declared that no
such decision was ntended, it was an ans ver to a
qui stion—in expression of opinion still entertained
by t_e Chair, but the Chair could give no direc
tiens toccnect he journal.
Mr MERRICK Cannot the journal be cor-
rected^
The CHAIR It cannot, unless by the general
co s°nt oí tr>e S°nate
Mr CALHOUN Then let the question be ta-
ken by y tas anc' navs on tne appeal.
Mi BAYARD recaouulated the matter, and ar-
gu d that the Chan did not mean the expression of
an opinion in answer to a question, was tobe en-
tered on tl e journal as a general rule He thought
cow the best plan would be for the Senator Irom
Missouri to witaoraw his appeal and allow the
Chair to make its desistan to be entered on the
j uraal.
The CHAIR said its intention was Fnot to make
a general rule. The op nun was applied to the
special case before the Senate.
Mr. BENTON expected the journal would  bs
IS
first correced    He  would th"n do whatever was
rao=t agreeable to the Sena'e
Mr. BAYARD contended that the Chair ought
to express 1 s decision correctly, and let it be enter
ed on the journal.
Mr GRAHAM explained his view of the case,
recapitulating the whole train of circumstances
Mr BAYARD said, the whole matter could be
sealed by entering anew the decision of the Chan.
Mr SEVIER said the withdrawal of the appeal
would be an approval of the entry of the journal
He believed the s>mplest way of correcting the
journal was to take the questnn on the appeal
The CHAIR explained.
Mr BUCHANAN hoped the Senate was altrost
done with th s matter He felt like the Senator
from New York,as if he had no great taste for dis-
cussions of points of ordei, for he i'il not profess
to know much about them. He would suggest to
the - enator from Delaware to reduce his amend-
ment of the journal to writing, and let it be sub-
mitted to the Senate to be put on the journal in
place of that which it appears is not a decision of
the Chair
The CHAIR hoped that his explanation would
also be allowed lo go upon the journal. He had
been extremely surprised throughout the whole de-
bate, to hear it assumed that he had made a deci-
sion which he did not make at all.
Mr BAYARD submitted the entry which he
now proposed to make upon the journal, ¡t was
as follow
Mr CLAY of Kentucky. No, sir; to coaie to
the point: these papera rela'e to measures before
the other House, condemning, m gross and «fTe*.
five language, this extra session of Congres , ana
characterising the proceedings of the present Admi-
mstrat on in the most insulting terms: It could
not be expeoted that such papers would be permit-
ted to be printed. He, (Mr Clav,) in duty to tas
friends, moved to lay tin whole subject on the ta-
ble. The motion was scarcely earned when the
Senator from Missouri rose ana moved to take it
up again that is, to take up papers so offensive to
the majority of this body that by a decided? vote
they were l?id on the table—papers avowing a
determination to seek by all means the re-
peal of a solemn law of contract—a daring
avowal which he would not now characterize, but
which, oi the proper occasion, be would paint in
the colors it merited. Now, he did not mean lo
say ihere were not precedei ts for taking up a mat-
ter just laid on the table. He himself bad lately-
moved to take up the bankrupt bill immedietely
after it had been laid over. He did not therefore
contend that (he Senator from Missouri had no
right to move to take up the papers. He certain-
ly had that right, but as certainly he had no right to
debate it He got up and began to discuss the
merits of the papers Now if the Senate will de-
cide that he had a right to di cuss a subject not
before it, let it be so declared. He (Mr. Clat)
can take apart in such discussion as well as any
other Senator. But what will it lead te? When
will the proper business of thf> session be through?
Mr BENTON explained that the paper  on the
tab'e le'ated to seveial subjects When he made
his mo'ion f> take them up, he did not do it from
any design cf embarrassing the Senate, but to
maintain h s n^ht, and wim a. view tf showing that
the pipers th mstlvrs were proppr and re pectful.
True, the S^sa e had decided not to print them,
but he had a right to show that they wire of suffi-
cient importance to deserve the consideration of the
Senate He- was proceeding to give his reasons—
not to debate the subject—when he was called to
order. The course of this debate showed that he
was not at the time out of order.
Mr BAYARD said that with regard to the
immediate question now at issue, that of the right
to uke up a subject just laid on tuff table by a vote
of the Senate, he did not hesitate to say that how-
ever it may have grown into practice, it is not in
itself c n is ent with leas n It is in point ot
fact unparliamentary. The decision to la., on the
table is nothing more nor less than a decision by
the majo'ny that th body will not then act upon
the subjec, in s most Km ted sense, that it will
not that day act on the matlei It is then, in
strictness, not parliamentary to move to take it
up The practice and decisions have been diffe-
rent If it were decided that on a motion to take
up there is a right to debate, then there would be
no rule at all But the n ajonty has a right to con-
trol the business, and the only fair way of coming
at the subject would ba for the person to obtain
the co> sent of the body to show reasons for tabng
up Ordinarily, even wi h a large ooposing ma-
jority, this couttesyis no1 denied. He cod^d see
no sort of reason why the Senate should now be
called upon to decide that a Senator has the right
to debate a subject that has been laid on the
table
Mr KING; told ttip Senator, that if he would
turn to the usual authorities, be would *ee good
reasons why ths light should be maintained of tak-
ing up a subject at any moment necessary, after
be r>g tail on the tabie.
Mr BAYARD. There n some question whether
U should be on one and tne same day.
Mr KING said there were many good reason-
why ihe power «hould remain wirt the mover to
make his motion at any time to take up a subjec',
al hough in ordinary eases, it seemed rational that
anoiher day would be best.
Mr. BAYARD   Why not modify the rule, then?
Mr. KING. Because ihe rules of order insure
sufficient control to the majority There appeared
to him to be one right undeniable, that the mover
has a right to assign leasons, though not to debate
the general merits.
' The Pie&tdent pro tempore announced to the Senate that the
question raise! by the Senatoi iiom Missiuu [Mr L^Njdit
not m Ins opinion, pi operly arise on the motion of his colleague
[Mr Benton] to take up the motion to punt, and was therefore
not necessarily to be decided, and the decision stated on the
puntal of I hursday a^ having been mile on that q le-tion
wai n t ir teudt. 1 a<t i <*enet U parliamen aiy íue bu wis
found Iti llit. pet till ti btitetf tht, [Uf-ti n, s ¡j ¡ os nCT tint
llr \ ip i !nl 1 rtn ictually lai I n¡ m tile ta! n by the pin ti p
o! the Senile as a matter oí cour e, and theieupon the appeal
was withdrawn "
This amendment of the journal having met the
approbation of Mr. Benton and his friends, was
accepted and placed on the journal; upon which
the appeal was withdrawn
Tne CH\IR then recapitulated the circum-
stances, and read the sixth rule of the Senate, upon
which he claimed his right to ask the sense of th 
Senate on the pending question of order, vthch
was, that th" Senator from Kentucky had grounds
for c?ll'ns the Senatir trom Misst r n to order
Mr K!NG staled his views of the present q leg-
tion, and suggested that the S nator from Ken-
tucky should withdiaw his question of order, and
allow ihe Senator trom Missouri to stite his rea-
sons for wishing to take- up the papers He ad
mii'ed that he could not go into a general discus-
sion of the subject, but ho could certainly state his
reasons for taking up t le pap-rs
Mr CLAY cf Ken ucky was really very mdif
ferent to tl is or any question of order, for the spec-
tacle exn'bi ed tc-day was not very edifying, but
he 'houtht the Senator from Alabama had not
stale i ¡he case on 1 s ttue mens The papéis
were of a gros  and insulting nature to the party
in po^er, characterizing all their measures m the
most degrading light, and had not the party «o in-
sulted ihe light to repe1 the slander by any means
in Us powei? But the Senator was wrong in his
prem ses, that even reasons could be given foi
takirg up a subjeet not befoie the Sena'e. That
was not a' all in or 'er.
Mr CALHOUN recpitu'ated the proceedings,
to show the po ition of the quesuon at present.
The Senator, 1 appears, will not now withdraw
his call too,der There is ro doubt that it would
have b'tn improper had the Senator from Missouri
g ne into the general ments In such ca e no one
doub s tne propriety of a call to order But as
that was notthe cas', the Senitor from Mis^ouu
was thrown uprn his rights by the interruption.
Tne qu stion to lty on ire tabie is not strictly de
Datable. But he (Mr Calhoun) had never known
a point to be made against the right to appeal If
h was assumed by the Chair, it would be like re-
bel'ion of the subordinate against the principal.
He did hope the Senator from Missouri would be
permitted .0 go on and state his reasons for taking
up the papers.
