July, 1841.          _____________APPENDIX TO THE  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________                       tgfC
27th Con<v-"1st 8bs&                                         Fiscal Bank—Mr. Tappan.                                                              Senate.
power is over itself only; over its successors it has
no power. Those who will succeed the existing
generation will be the men in whom the sovereign
power in each of the States will be as full and
complete, as vigorous and entire, as it is in the ex-
isting generation. If this is doubted or denied, it
is incumbent on those who deny it to show how,
and to what extent, the existing generatioa of men
acquire power over those who are tn follow them; .
for the claimants of power must prove tfeeir legi-
timate title. Until that is attempted, it is sufficient
to deny its existence.
In a small Commonwealth, (like Athens amongst
the states of anc ent Greece,) where all the free-
men might meet in one body, the sovereign
power not only resided in, but was exercised in
most cases by, the whole body. Legislation, the
greatest act of sovereign power, was performed by
the general assemb'y of the people. Soitv.onld
be in our State Governments, were they as con-
fined in their territory and numbers as Athens was;
.bat being more exiensive in both respects, neces-
sity has introduced the practice of representation.
And so with us; the sovereign power, instead oí
being exercised directly in making laws, is exer-
cised in the selection of agents to perform that du-
ty; agents who, when elected, are the representa-
tives not ot themselves, but of that sovereign pow-
er which called them into existence.
The meeting of the sovereign power may be an-
nual or biennial: such meeting and election of
agents, to execute for the whole community the
legislative power, is the only exercise of sovereign
power known  to our usages and practice.
Let us go back to the first meeting of the electors
to choose delegates to form a constitution of go-
vernment, or to their first meeting under a State
constitution; and if it is inquired what powers they
possess, the answer most be, that the whole p.>wer
over themselves is in them; they have no dominion
tvet iti_ .■ successors. They may elect and instruct
their a !°gates, but they can neither elect nor in-
struct the delegates of future years; their power,
full and plenary as it is, extending to the entire
change and subversion of the form of government
under which they live, extends only to the next as-
semblage of the sovereign to elect its delegates; that
assembly, whether in one district or many, has
the same full power as any of its predecessors.
If, sir, I am correct in saying that the sovereign
power of the State resides in the existing generation
of men, and that this generation cannot be control-
led in its political action by any thing done by
its predecessors, and cannot control the political
action of its successors—our next inquiry should be,
who are those successors.
I have said that those who attend the elections,
or, as we s-ay, come to the polls this year, possess
in themselves and exercise the  sovereign power
of the State; so those who may come to the polls
at the next general election in any State, come
there, possessing in themselves the same sovereign
power;   politically speaking, they  are   the next
generation.    They may be composed in part, of
the same individuáis; they may come together with
changed minds, with a determination to subvert
the existing order of things, and there i? no human
power which can control such determination, or
prevent its execution.   They are  the successors
of the sovereign  which  has passed off the politi-
cal  stage.      No   man   can   convey to   another
powers he does not himself possess; so community
of menean give to their lepresentatives or agents
greater powers thin they themselves might  law-
fully exercise.    The power of b¡r,dmg onr succes-
sors not being in us, carnot be communicated to
those who act only for u«;and hence the represen-
tative body is  as powerless  over futurity, as the
constituent  bjdy.    In no one of our constitutions
of Government,   State or Federal, is any  distinc-
tion made in the exercise of the powers of legisla-
tion between (he power  to enact  laws and  the
power to lepeal them.    Abrogating an unconstitu-
tional or pernicons l.iw by repeal, is  an exercise
of the same legislative power a  ihe enacting  a
wise, constitutional, and salutary law; one  is as
much the duty of the legislator as the other; one
is   as   necessary   for   the   safety   and    happi-
ness   of  the    people  as   the    other.    If   this
were not so—if man, either individually
or aggregated in legislative assembles, with all
his ignorancf, imperfection, and errors, were
prohibited from hearing the lessons of expe-~
rience, from increasing his knowledge, per-
fecting his labors, and correcting the multi-
tude of his unavoidable errors, as they were
discovered—Government, instead of being a great
blessing, as it may and ought to be, would be the
direst curse which could be inflicted on intelligent
man. This doctrine is admitted to be true in all
cases but those where some exclusive privilege is
granted—soms right is supposed to be vested in in-
dividual citizens; in truth, it is admitted to be true
in all cases but those where the act sought to be re-
pealed is, at ¡east, of very questionable constitu-
tionality.
The Government of the United Stales differs
from the State Government in this; that the latter,
in their Legislatures, exercise all powers not pro-
hibited; and the former exercise no powers but
those which are granted. It is a great error, as we
have seen, to suppose, as some have done, that the
Government of the United States is sovereign in
the exercise of all the powers given to it by the
Constitution. We have no sovereign in this coun-
try but the people; the various governments insti-
tuted by them are their instruments, not their
masters.
I think I have said enough to satisfy you that
the power of repealing laws is  co-extensive with
the power of enacting them, taking it as an ab-
stract question.    I will now ask your attention to
the supposed limitations to this power.    The first
of these limitations is ii the tenth section of the
first article of   the   Constitution of   the United
States: "No State shall pass any law impairing the
obligation of coutracts."   This is a limitation, to
some   extent, of   the power of   Slate legislation;
but   is   no   limitation   whatever   of    the  power
of   Congress.      If,   therefore,    I   should   admit
that a Bank charter is  a contract, such charter,
when granted   by Congiess, is   subject,   to their
repealing power as much as any other law.   So
far, then, as respects the immediate question before
us on this amendment, I might leave the question
of constitutional power without farther remarks;
but, as I believe  that an erroneous construction
has been given to this clause in the Constitution,
some consideration of its import and bearing will
be given.    If plain common sense men were to be
asked what is a contrae? they  would answer, if
not in the language of an able lawyer in that of
similar import—a contract is "an agreement, upon
sufficient consideration, to do or not to do a par-
ticular thing."   A State Legislature passes an act
chartering a bank; that is, providing that, at cer-
tain times  and places, books of subscription may
be opened for the capital stock of a bank.   At the
time of the passage of the act, when it becomes a
law, it is plain that  there is but one party to it—
the State Government.    It is, then, but a simple
giant of powers and privileges to whomsoaver will
accept them.  In most cases, there is nothing given
to the S'ito for these powers  and privileges; they
are for the ben' fit of the grantees—for their substan-
tial emolument; and if any public benefitis to he the
result, it is wholly fortuitous and speculative. On the
part of a bank, we know full well th.it the power
granted is pow-r to tax the industry of the country
to an enormous extent, for the benefit of those cor-
porations.    What equivalent the Sta'e receives, or
expects to receive, 1 know not—unles?  it be the
pleasure   its citizens   may experience in the use
of paper for money, instead of gold and silver.
There   is   nothing   of   agreement,   of   contract,
in all  this.     The   S'ate  grants   the   power   of
taxation to individuals; and relies on their cupidity,
not. on any contract, for their using their power.
But it is alleged that this ques'ion has been de-
cided by the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the Dartmouth College case.   I declare to you,
Mr. Presiden;, that I have no respect for the opin-
ion of the coir; in that case.    I think it is not law,
and  would ¡.ot be  recognised  as law, were  the
question  Sfjain brought before  that  court.    Be-
sides being an attempt to give an intent and mean-
ing to the term contract,  novel and altogether un-
,   warranted by usage, the Dartmouth College case
contains, m itself, the reason why its authority
should be disregarded. It is a settled rule in ths
construction of constitutions and laws, that "the
reason and spirit of the law, • or the cause which
moved ttte legislator to enact it," are to be consi-
dered, and must govern in determining its true
meaning.
In giving the opinion of the court, Chief Justice
Marshall, alter assigning his reasons for consider-
ing the charter of Dartmouth College a contract
within the meaning of the Constitution, says: "It
is more than possible that the preservation of
rights of this description was not particularly in
the view of the framers of ihe Constitution. when
the clause under consideration was introduced into
that instrument. It is probable that interferences
of more frequent recurrence, to which the temp-
tation was stronger, and of which the mischief
was more extensive, constituted the great motive
for imposing this restriction on the State Legisla-
tures." The history of the times when the Consti-
tution was farmed furnishes abundant evidence
what thos' "interferences of more frequent re-
currence" were. They were laws directly inter-
fering with private contracts, as to time of pay-
ment, and as to what should be received in pay-
ment by creditors. The charter of Dartmouth
College had existed many years, and many char-
ters of various kinds, including banks, were in
full operation at the time the Constitution was
formed. If it was intended to protect theje insti-
tutions from a repeal of their charters, it may be
asked, would not the Convention have used lan-
guage "whi-.h unequivocally expressed that intent?
I think they would, and their not using such lan-
guage, under those circumstances, greatly strength-
ens the probability to which the Chief Justice ad-
verts, and renders that probability a certainty.
There is no doubt in my mind that ''it was the in-
violability of private contracts, and?private rights
acquired under them, which was intended to be
protected" by this clause of the Constitution; and
for many years no one seems to have dreamed
that a greater extent could be given to it. It is in
truth an instance of judicial Constitution-making,
not very uncommon formerly with the court who
gave the decision referred to.
I do not recollect any decision of the Supreme
Court which has ruled that bank charters are con-
tracts, and cannot be repealed. The case of Ter-
ret us. Taylor, (9th Cranch, 43,) which has been
supposed to go this length, falls far short of it; for
that case only decided that "the Legislature could
not repeal s'atutes creating private corporations,
or confirming to them property already acquired
under the fail1! of previous laws, and by such re-
peal vest the property of such corporations exclu-
sively in the State, or dispose ot the same to such
purposes ss they should please, without the consent
or default of the corporators."' This decision does not
rest for it support upon the clause of the Constitu-
tion cited and relied upon in the Dartmouth Col-
lege case, but upon the last clause of the fifth
amendment to the Constitution—"nor shall private
propei ty be taken for public use, without jurt
compensa'ion,"—a provisioa w'-ich is adopted in
all our State Constitutio is, and which, while it
doe-, not li.-nitor restrain tie power of repeal, se-
cures to corporators their property, incase the ex-
clusive privileges attached to it it by an act of in-
corporaron cease to exist.
Nothing, Mr. President proves more clearly the
great influence of corporations in  society, than
the prevailing opinion that it would be unsafe to
trust  Legislatures with   the power  of repealing
charters.   And   why unsafe?   They incorporate
peKons for o vast variety  of purposes, and, until
the decisio ^ of the Dartmouth College case, they
repealed, '■  liwut any one questioning their power
to do so, s -. eral charters which were thought to
!   operate inj J .ously; and yet there  is  no instance
1   where sue'.'r-peal has been considered  as impro-
|   per   and   ovj'tist    There   is, indeed, much  less
i   chance of it bad law being repealed, than of such
I   a law being enacted; the same  means and appli-
!   anees whi.'u are used to obtam grants of exclusive
!   privileges will be used to   retain them; and  all ex-
perience has shown that mankind are more dis-
