191        _________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.        ___________^^iü1*
2?th CoNG..'.....lsr Skss.                                       Fiscal Batik—Mr. Tappan.                                                                        Senate.
pp*.ed to suffer the evils of bad laws, thin to right
wettr-elves by repealing them.
JThe power of tepe&l ng laws, and the policy and
««'ce"of applying this power in any given case,
are very diffeWnt'Cfuestious.   An act < f incorpora
'tion'may have been   hastily and   improvidently
passed, its existence may be some  injury to the
ifwWife; y«t such injurious consequences may fol-
iow.aiepealtas to render that measure mexpedi-
est.   There may be cases, al-o, where a repeal
w'ool4'g«e to corporators a just claim to indemni-
ty.   I«ail such cases, is there any  danger that a
Leñateare acting on the subject would  no' have
allánese considerations, before  them?   I think not
Gsneede the power of repealing to be co-ex'ensive
with the power of enacting laws, and you will not
s-eeare the repeal of all bad laws until legislators
become wiser and   honejter   than they have  yet
been. If the sole end and object of legi lation in our
country had been the promotion of the public mlere-'t
and welfare, then the only question which could
arise it  making or abolishing a law would be, Does
the pub'ic good require this enactment'   Bjt our
legislaiiOB has run so much towards promoting pn-
**?e interests, and the encouragement of monopo-
lies, that we haVe msensib'y  raised up a host of
mtweetiid men to c'amorfor the pre ervauon of their
privileges, under the name oi vested ngtls, and the
perpetuity of then  monopolies, under ihe spec ous
character of contrac's.    Let us supple that these
claims of vested nsht , and  ihis doctrine of the
inviolability of contract,  <-bould  prevsi':   wha 
most be the consequence1!    Even i    jour legisla-
tive assembly is composed of the most  lntolltgent,
pure, and upright  men,  they cannot loresee the
effect of their legi la'ion m  all eases     They may
incorporate companies wi'h ponéis which, 10 their
judgment, can enly be  ustd b.neficaily for the
public; and y-t ihey may  N mistfken: ihe char-
tered po ers which they üave cumtrred may prove
to be powers of mischief and e'es ruction.    Instead
of King used 10 promote the public interest and wel-
fare, guided by privatecupidny, they may be used to
corrupt the morals of the ptopl , and sjip the foun-
dations ot our Government, and yet, upon this the-
ory oí vested rights, thete is no remedy—-the en-
slaved people mu<it submit.
But we must not rely on an ideal s'ate of things.
We know by experience that ignorant, se'fhh, and
dishonest men are found in all Legislature..
When a bai d cf speculator a It tor a charter
granting them exclusive and valuable pnvkge",
there are rarely refu.ed, they g*i as many of the
members interested in their scheme as practicable,
and the most influential o' thjse who at first oppose
them they bribe. In this w<ty a majority may be
secured, and a law pissed, wh ch American jurists
will pronounce binding t/pon succeeding genera-
tions of men
Even wu'iout ¡my extraordinary means used to
influence andcor.upt kgi.ki'ort, íl the rule i.once
established, that ac s of incorporation are beyond
ihfi reach of the power creating them, the Govern-
ment oí the country will be m a few }esrs totally
subverted. In theory, ihe people of this country
have the right oí changing thnr forms of govern-
ment at pleasure, th y may abolish the Govern-
ment of the untied S ata,, ant' of each of the States,
and establish any other 'orm, d< ^potic or free, to
suit themselves. But suppose this bill to pass, with
a capual increased to fifty millions, and to endure
iorever, by rene v ah every twenty years; ihe com-
pany termed under it would have power over the
currency and whole pit perty oí the country, and
the pnvilege of raising a tax, ior thur own use, of
one million seven bundled and fifty Ihousand dol-
lars ppr year, <n 'he nd,istry oí the country, fore-
ever, and no revo ution in Government can give
any human power aright to divest them of Ihese
powers and pr.vilezes This s) stem of monopoly,
once a^in commenced here, will be likely to go
on. The party ¡n power have learned by experi-
ence feu they cannot rely for the support of their
pnf>crpte of government upon the pubhejudgment;
and they wiU find it as necessary "to withdraw
every question of public policy, as far as pos-
sible, in time to come, irom political agita-
tion," as th« question of the currency. This
bill makes a Bank the National Treasury,   and
the Secrei?ry ot ihe Treasury its (fficierit head.
Another bill reay ireorp rate a roupan/ to ma-
nage a'lih" mi'iipry ¿(Fa rs of lbs Government,
and place the Secretiry of War at its head. An
incorporated company, with brarches in each
Scale and Territory, would give jou much greater
uniformity m recruiting your array, 11 feeding and
clothing it, and in providing munitions of war, as
well as in directing the march of aimies, than
could a Secretary wi hout such machinery. Ano-
ther charter may bring into a like partnership some
adventurers, with the Government m conducting
our naval affairs, with the Secretary of the Navy
as principal visiter and inspector It will be said
in defence of this prejeel, thst ships may be built
cheaper and with more uniformity by a company
than on tne present plan; that great savings may
also be made m rggirjg, arming, and fitting them
out. 0 her companies may be formed to col ect
the taxes, (as to their di bursement, the party m
power will need no assistance ) to take care of the
Indians, and to condoct each branch of our ex'en-
sive trade, commerce, and fishene ; and they may
be proved to be a* nece sar), proner, and constitu
tional, as a bank is proved to be rece sary to give
us a uniform and stable cirr*ncy. You will hive
as much constitutional power to charier all these
companies, a* yon have to pass this bil1; for you do
not pretend to pass this, b it on the principle of
Alexander Hamilto . "aponer," says he, "of
creating a corpora'ion, may as well be implied as
any other ihing; it may ¿s well be err ployed as an
instrument or mesnof carrying ¡mo execution any
of the specified powe>s, a' *.ny o her ins rjmer t or
mem nhatever."
As strong reasons v ould be urged m favor of
chirieriDg companies in all the ca es mentioned,
and as many moie as i.igmtuty could detie, as
are ur¿cd in favor of passing ihis bill; and with
qui'e as much truth may i> be as e'lei, that ihe
great majority of the people have decided in favor
of such corporations. This bill is «aid by its pr< jec-
tor to be wanted to give a currency of equal and
uniform value throughout the whole country, when
we have such an equal and uniform currency al-
ready, not made in violation of, but sanctioned by
the Constitution,and as if paper could ever have the
uniformity in value of gold and «ilver. If this
plan succeed, I do not ihink it even improba-
ble that before many jears r-hai'ercd companes
will be the "means of canying into ex cnt on all
Ihe specified powers" of thi G ivernmen  When
this is done, Mr President, we f-hall he no longer
a free people. The first great step id giving away
our liberties is to remove from us the contnl of
our circulating medium, and if this bill p^ss, thu
step is taken
Should this bill, then, bccoiie a law, it will not
only be clearly in ihe power of Congress to repeal
it, but it will be their du'y; and a ou'y which we
give full and fair warning we shall not shrink
from the performance of, %hen we have the ma-
jotity in this body It will be repealed, lrcao.se
Congress have not the constitutional po ver to pasa
it. This is a question 1 do not m'end to dbca s,
nor is it necessary to discuss it. The silence f the
supporters of this bill on the question of constitu-
tional power, is a tacit admission that oi that
ground the measure is mde'eniible The S-mter
from Kentucky, who reported th s bill, complains,
indeed, of us for referring to his unanswered and
unanswerable argument on this question m 18U.
He seemed to insinuate that we quoted that speech,
not because we admned it and sUbscnned to it. 
doctrines, but because it contradicted bis present
opinions. In justification of h>s admitted change
of op.nion upon this subject, he referred us to his
speech of 1816, m which he to'd us he laid down,
in the most conclusive, fu'l, and satisfactory man-
ner, his reasons for repudiating the doctrines of his
speech of 1811 This speech of 1811 was spread
all over the country, from one end of the Union to
the ether. It was read by every on , and approved.
I read it then with the admiration which the talenh
of the Senator can at all dm >s command in sup
port of sound principias; and 1 iound it concurred
with my own opinions on the  abject.
When the Senator, the other day, referred us to
his speech of 1816 to show us how false were the
doctr,nes of his "pttth of 1811, and to justify his
char-g- of opinion, it seemed as it he to >k it for
granted that .he speech of 1816 was in everyone's
band , and had been &s w.dely circulated as that
(f 1811. I was glad to hear that, because I had
never been alie to get a copy of it, and I was glad
to find that there was a possibility of being refer-
red to some record where I could read it. We
were all rejoiced to find that it was accessible,
and that we should at last have some tangible
clew to the weighty reasons that justified the Sena-
tor's repudiation of his speech and principles of
1811 I asked a friend of the distinguished Sena-
tor* where it was to be found, I wos impatient to
look into it I was tol 1 by tint friend it was to be
found m the Hi tory of the United States Bank.
I turned to that book, and found (at p^ge 669, in
the debate on ihe bill chartering the Uni'ed Sia'es
Bank o 1816; it stated that "Mr Clay rose and
explained his reasons for suprr -ting the bill "
When I had read *o far, I congratulated myself
on at last finding what I had been so long seek-
ing, and wisinpg m vain to see. But what was
my surprise to find the first par?g aph leading off
to a speech dehv-red in Kentucky to his constitu-
ents,) when or where is not stated,) in which the
Senator'* support of Jie Bank bill of 1816 is apolo-
gised for, and a lame attempt is made to defend
aM justify neS na'or's change of opm on I will
read the paragraph:
Fi om the History of the Bank of the United Slates, page
bb'J
['Thef-ptech dohvcied on this occasion by Mr Clav ap-
peals nut to have been pnntul m the newipapeis of ¡he day,
and, of coin ot, cannot he inserted as uttered in the House, but
aha ihe letum of Ml f to Kentucky, he made an ai'dresb to
his constituent m which the part he took in the House m Le
gaid to the Bank is evp'amed The fo lowing is what he tl en
said up >n this stibiect |
'Oi on i <3ub|eu, that of the Jlank of the United States to
whith, at the late session of Congless t-e" ive as hti nble sup
poit, Mr Clay felt pamculailyanx oils toe\plam the grounds
oi which ho hadactul This explanation, H not due to his own
chaiacter, the State and the district to which he belonged had a
i lghuo demand It would have been unnecessary if his ob
starvations, addressed to the House of Representatives pending
the measuie, had been published, but they were mil publisher",
and why they were not published he was unadvised "
He then goes on to make an apclogv for his
change of vote in 1816—an apology that does not
in the least affect the soundness oj the doctrine
uiain'amed in his speec.i oí 1811. I have no
doubt that the Senatoi (for he is growing old, like
myself, and his memory mu.t be failing) thought,
when he referred the other day so t<iumphamly to
his speech of 1816, that it really hid been pub-
li hed, an 1 mi^ht be rea 1 by any one who pleased,
msime of the numerous records of tVe day. It
seenn to be his present imiresston that, on going
ovei from the Democrat c party m 1816, be had
le't them a c sir hght by which the y could see
ihe.r way, and foliov him Bat fhefac' was, that,
'ns'cad of haviog done tha', he only let that light
gleam a moment, like an tgmsfatuus, while leading
him=elfoutoi -be right path, and then suffered it
to be tx'irg us) ed forever, for no m ,u tnat I have
ever met, t > this day, can s,iy he hdo any knovv-
le 'g* of what that sp-'ch was. T er<? is not even
a newspa, et seiapcf it extant. Wh t reasons
the S'rator real'y jad at the time *or de eitmgthe
Demociauc rank , and changing hib opinion, le-
m",ii unexp'-imed to th" present general on, and
the process by which he h?.d di covered a power
rran ed by the Cans! tuuon to Congress for char-
tering a Na'ionsl Bank, still remaios a myvery, as
complete gs if the sreech of 1816 i ad i ever been
made
The suppression of the S°n<i'oi's ¡spetch of 1816
(I call it suppre s on, for if the S-nalo'' ha i desired,
¡t would have been published) havn  'eft his
ftu  ids uncer ain on what part of the C< ns'ttution
he fixed what r.e so graphical/, m 1811, called
"thtt vsg bond powei" in the Constitution, and he
having now first discovered that suppression—will
not tne Senator, at this late day, give us the rea-
soning wh ch proved so very 'atisfactorv to him-
seli? It seems to me that it is not fair and honor-
able ft r (hat Senator and his friends to decline all
argument upon the power of Congress to charter a
Bans, under the pretence that the question has been
settled, and settled, too, by his speech of 1816, as
the facts now appear; for if that speech was so con-
*Mr Clay himself
