July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
%7m. Cong-••• 1st Sess.
ponement of the bill. These reasons are uncon-
nected with the merits of the question—they are
independent of the objections to the Bank—and
refer to the condition of Congress itself, and the
utter impropriety, (constituted as Congress now is,
and called together as it has been upon a brief
notice, for a short session, and for a temporary ob-
ject,) of its undertaking to pass any bill of a per-
manent nature, intend to continue in force for a
long term of years, and e peeially aspiring to the
character of immunity from repeal, and of exemp-
tion from the reforming or amending hand oí future
legislation
The present Congress is a minority assembly,
formed on the census of 1830, and the last which
io to sit under that enumeration. It is soon to be
superseded by a new body, representing the census
of 1840. The present Congress represents but
thirteen rmlhonsof people, the new one will represent
four million of people unrepcsented in this body,
near seventeen millions, consequently there are near
and whom it is intended to bind fe r twenty years
by an act of legislation which they have no share
in forming, and over the continuance or amendment
of which it is intended they shall have no control
The census of 1840, is already taken, the increased
numbers, and the distribution of the increase, is
already seen. It is known that a mass of people,
more than equal to the whole population of the
Union at the formation of the Federal Government,
are now wilhout reperpsentation in the national
councils; that they have been counted—their
existence ascertained—their locah'y discovered—
their residence explored; yet it is proposed to
treat them as nullities—'o reach over and bind ihem,
and ask them nó consent, either expre>sed or im-
plied, to the act which is to be more obligatory up-
on them, less controlable by them, lhan the Consti-
tution itself. The Constitution they may amend or
change; but this act, for the twenty years it has to
run, (and why not ten or twenty times twenty?) is
held to be intangible and unconttolable This is
an outrage to the census of 1840, it will be equally
so to the census of 1850, for this charter, thus to
be fastened on the country by a rump Congress,
the last of an expiring enumeration, is to cover the
full period of two enumerations—the one already
taken, and the one to be made ten years hence
Our population doubles once in twenty-five years
In 1850 it will be near double what it was in 1830,
yet, according to the intentions of this bill, the half
is to govern the wbole! the few people of 1830 are
to govern the many of 1850 ' and that by a law
which confers monopolies and exclusive privileges
—which grants sovereign powers to individuals—
which places the currency of the country in the
hands of a company—which subjects every man's
property to the rise or fall m price, which this com-
pany may choose to order, and wmch law, arro-
gating a supeuonty o7er the Const tution, refuses
to sub ant to alteration or amendment, until it has
lived out its self-appointed time. This is wrong
and absurd, it is fundamen'ally wrong and prepos-
terous It is an invasion of the rights of our suc-
cessors, an usurpation of their rights, and a flagrant
violation of the representative principle, and of the
republican form of our Government What is this
principle, except that representation shall be accord-
ing to nt-mbers, and that the majority for the time
being, 'hall govern' What is our Government but
but this? And why is the census of the people
ordered to be made once in every ten years, and a
new apportionment of ihe representation to be form-
ed upon it each time? Why these constitutional pro-
visions, except to preset ve, by periodical enume-
rations and appsrtionments, the equilibrium of the
Legislative power, and the fair working of the
great principle of equal representation? Why
count the people every ten years, and readjust the
national representation, exc pt for these purposes?
Yet these constitutional provisions are evaded and
nullified—are counteracted and overthrown—if the
representation of an expiring census-—a rump
Congress in the last stage of its existence—can
reach over—stretch ahead—seize on a new gene-
ration__and bind, by permanent and irrevocable
laws, the increased numbers of the succeeding, and
even the two succeeding enumerations'
Not only is the mass of the population greatly
Fiscal Bank —Mr. Benton.
augmented since 1830, but the distribution of the
mass is greatly changed, and the relative weisht of
sections and of States is largely altered. Tnis is
particularly the case in the Great West As a
section its population has nearly doubled; while, in
other sections cf the TJmcn, the increase is only
a small per centum. Some Western States have
increased three fold, while some on the Atlantic
have hardly increased at all; yet all are to vote
now, on this lasting and vital measure, according
to their numbers of ten years ago! This is an
injury to the increasing States whose vnce in this
matter is but the one-third, or the one half, of what
it should be, and of what it would be, if this ques-
tion was put off until the new apportionment enters
hese halls Missouri, Illinois, Mississippi.andothers,
have increased their numbers three fold since the
census of 1830, their relative weight (no mitter at
what ratio the representation is fixed)—their rela-
tive weight should be three times what it now is.
Yet they are to be treated as nullities to the ex-
tent of two thirds of their population' Can those
States, or others in like circumstances, submit to
this deprivation of their rights? Can they consent
to fight this baale—a battle m which numbers
alone carry the day—can they consent to fight it
with the one-third of their strength? Can the
Great West consent to be surprised, and plunged
into this action, with only one-half the troops pre-
sent? Can she submit to a victory so gained over
her? Impossible! As the defender of her own
rights, she cannot submit to this outrage. As the
friend to the republican and representative form of
Government, she cannot submit to this violation
of the republican principle As a proud and sen-
sitive people, they cannot submit to this wanton
indignity.
The imperfect and mutilated condition of Con-
gress, at this extra session, is another reason for
not acting on this subject. It is a defective Con-
gress—deficient in its proper numbers—made so by
the unusual, hasty, and rash manner in which it
was called together Several States are defectively
represented Tennessee lacks a Senator; Illinois
has no representative in the other House; Mis-
sissippi the same. If these two States had here
the number of members which the census of 1830
gives them, they would still have but the one-third
part of their proper relative weight in the settle-
ment of this great question. They wou'd still
have but one-third of their proper weight m the
other House, but now they have no weight at all
there—no voice there—neither speech nor vote;
and this being the effect of this reckless and sinis-
ter convocation of Congress at this unusual pe-
riod, the injury to them becomes the greater and
the more intolerable. The want of a Senator
from Tennessee is not only a lo s to that State,
but a natit nal calamity In the closeness of party
voting in this chamber, (and every measure of the
session is a party measure,) the ccales often hang
nearly even On many collateral questions, of a
nature to decide the main question, a single vote
would kick the beam, and give the preponderance
to the Republican instead of the Federal scale
The reckless call which has brought Congress to
gether at this time, by depriving Tennessee of a
Sena or, may change ihe late of the mo't impor-
tant que t ons, and give Federalism victories when
it bhould havs received defeats
Thus, in the present and actual condition of
Congress, we find the strongest reasons for the
postponement of the bill—for its postponement not
merely till this commencement of another session,
but until the meeting of the first Congress under
the apportionment made upon the new census of
1840 The reasons go that length, and who will
say that they ought not to prevail? Who will
say that the people ought not to be fully repre-
sented when such a bill a-, this is passed? Who
can say that the want of the Tennessee Senator
may not be decisive of the fate of ihe bill?* Who
can say that the presence of the five representa-
tives from Mississippi and Illinois would not re
verse its fate, or chan re the character of some of
us rram provisions? Above all, who can say that
the new representation in the next Congress, the
'It was so the next day, when the "compromise" amendment
was passed.
Senate.
first under the new census, would not decide en-
tirely differently from the present Congress? On
thw latter point, we have the response of experi-
ence—the answer ot time past—m favor of our
position. It is found in the history of th« attempt
to recharter the late Bank of the United States
in 1832, when the charter was granted by the fast
Cengress sitting upon the enumeration of the cen-
sus of 1820, and was condemned by the first Con-
gress under the enumeration of 1830. I then
made the motion which I now rrake, and to no
purpose. I moved to postpone the bill mdefini'ely,
to give the increased numbers an opportunity of
acting upon it. My motion was rejected. The
friends of the Bank pushed the recharter through;
and when the new and increased representation
came in, there was found to be a majority of forty-
five in the House of Reptesentatives against it,
and nearly three to one against it in the Senate.
This should be a warning to the friends of the
Bank now. It should caution them against rous-
ing the people a second time, and under agsravated
circumstances, to a vindication of their rights, and
to the assertion of the great principle of equal re-
presentation which lies at the foundation of our
form of Government.
Demanded as this postponement is by every con-
sideration connected with the actual state and con-
dition of Congress, it is equally demanded by the
principles of fair, honorable, and satisfactory legis-
lation This extra session was not called for the
avowed purpose of making a Bank, but for the
purpose of providing revenue for the Government.
Revenue, and revenue alone, was the cause as-
signed in the proclamation for the call; and the de-
clared opinions of President Harrison, whe issued
that proclamation, in relation to the Bank, and in
favor of giving a fair trial to the experiment of
conducting the Government without the aid of a
National Bank, forbids the idea that the establish-
ment of such an institution was among the un-
named and subordinate objects of the call To
proceed, then, with the charter of a Bank, under
such circumstances, is to take the people by sur-
prise—to spnng a snap judgment upon them—and
to bink them neck and heels before they could pre-
pare for defence. It is wrong to act upon such a
subject, at such a session, called for such a pur-
pose.
Sir, this is not a proper session for imposing a
permanent measure, and much less a system of
permanent measures, upon the country The only
justification for such a session must be in ihe ne-
cessity of some immediate action—the necessity of
some temporary measure—which cannot wait the
arrival of the regular session. It must be an ex-
traordinary measure which will justify an extraor-
dinary session But this is an old party meassure
—a thing of fifty years' contestation—and, with
its accompanying measures, constituting a sys-
tem of measures, intended to be perma-
nent. While thus occupied with permanent mea-
sures, we are hurried and rushed along as if they
were of the most temporary and insignificant cha-
racter We are required to vote, almost without
d>bate, and reminded that it is a short session, and
that delays cannot be brooked. This shows that a
shoit session is not the timn for these permanent
measures, for surely such measures as this Bank,
and its attendant bills, are not to be pressed to con-
clusion without due deliberation.
In another point of view, it is a fraud upon the
country to engage in this work of National Bank
making at the present session of Congress For
many years the question of Bank, or no Bank, has
been regularly made in the different election*,
State and Federal. The quebtion was regularly
made in 1832, at the second election of General
Jackson, and again m 1836, at the election of Mr
Van Bur ■'n, and in all the Congress elections of
the same periods. On all these occasions the Bank
party was defeated—utterly defeated—and reduced
to a miserable minority in each House ot Congress.
Now, at last, a general election is held, in which
the Bank question is not made—in. whith no ques-
tion is made—and in which the Federalists are
successful Incontinently they set to work to create
a Bank, and to fasten it upon us for twenty years.
This operates as a fraud upon us, and cannot ba
