202
27th ConG"-'1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Loan Bill—Mr. Atherton.
July, 1841.
H. of Reps.
1840 shall come inlo power. I only Sjp^ak for
postponement, 'and give a glance at the eeraody, if
the bill is pressed on. Repeal is the remedy—it is
the panacea—the cure all—and to that remedy let
every Democrat adhere. It makes him «dependent
of hurrah elections. It makes him independent of
Executive vetoes. It is the popular veto, and the
permanent veto—good now, and in all time to
come. It makes us independent of "Tjfcj too?
and while many are inquiring what he will do, I
answer, it is no matter what he doe ; and since
hi% inaugural of April last, no one can tell
what he will do, until after he has done it.
I may, on some future occasion, speak to the
body of this subject; and, after showing the value
of the precedents which have beeh quoted, and the
gross unconstitutionality of this Bank, for which
the pretext of necessity is not now alleged, I shall
exhibit its real character under the three-fold as-
pect which belongs to it, namely: First; A POLI-
TICAL MACHINE, to enable the Federalists to
crush the Democracy, and to ¡ule the country: Se-
condly; A PECUNIARY MACHINE, to enable
the Northeast to plunder the South and West, and
to enrich the few at the expense of the tianey:
Thirdly; A BRANCH OF THE BANK OF ENG-
LAND, to ship our hard money to England, and
circulate paper money here, and to stop pay-
ment, and make olher banks stop, just as often as
it shall suit London politics, or London interests,
to destroy our currency and finances. I will show
up the institution under these three aspects on
some future occasion, and show its supporters to
be—1. politicians, who want place and power; 2.
¡peculators, who want moneyand property; 3. Eng-
lishmen and English agents, who want Ame-
rica bound to England; and, 4. the simple and
credulous crowd, whom these three classes delude
and drag at their heels. At a future time I will do
all this. For the present I slop my argument, and
ask for the yeas and nays on the question of indefi-
nite postponement.
The question was taken, and the vote was:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Lmn,
McRoberls, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Stargeon, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—31.
NAYS—Mevsrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Berrien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Evans, Graham, HcEderton, Huntington, K-r,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, White and Wooti-
bridge—28.
SPEECH OF MU. ATHERTON,
OF NEW IUMPaniKE
In the House of Representatives, July Vüth, 1841—
In Committee o* the Whole on the state ot the
Union, on the bill authorizing a loan of twelve
millions of dollars.
Mr. ATHERTON sa.d:
Mr. Chairman: I certainly concur with (he gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] wh" has just
addressed the commute', that it is best on all occa-
sions to oeai o;only and candidly with ihe people,
and to attu/tpt to practice on them no couceti-
men ts nor disguise. I beneve the people desire
this treatment, and will, at once, be suspicious of
those who pursue a contrary course And to no-
thing are these remarks more strongly applicable,
as it seems tome, than to the various attempts whicl
have been made here and elsewhere, to charge upon
the late Administration the tact of creating a large
public debt. The people are intelligent as well as
honest, and whej this accusation is brought for-
ward, they will inquire wnether its authors are
consistent and uniform in the calculations on
which they base the charge. It they find one per-
son stating the debt at one amount, and another at
one quite different, ihey will very reasonably m.-s-
pect there is some delusion in all the statements,
and that none can be safely relied upon. Sir, the
course of the friends of the Administration has
been most extraordinary ou this subject They
seem to have determined upon the conclusion that
the country has been plunged in debt by  the late
Administration, but differ altogether in the methods
by which they arrive at this satisfactory result.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury—that
document which ought to give to the House and
the country a full and clear and intelligible ac-
count of the finances, seems to have led his friends
to variant and contradictory conclusions. From
one part of the repoi t, the inierpnee has been at-
tempted, m the public prints, and even her<>,
that this cherished debt is thirty-one millions of
dollars. From referencia to another portion of the
same document, the sum has been settled at six-
teen millions, while another explorer returns from
his voyage of financial discovery with the cheering
fact that the debt is only something like twelve
millions. This latter sum is that whicn it is now
generally conceded the Secretary indicates in his
report as the amount oi "debt and deficit,"
(mark, sir, not of debt;) and is that recognised by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who is the authoritative exponent of the
subject on this floor.
One remarkable fact cannot escape our observa-
tion. The Secretary oí the Treasury, although he
devotes a portion of his report to "the public debt,"
does not condescand to give us information as to
its amount. Is not this almost incredible? He,
the officer who has the means of giving this infor-
mation, and whose duly it is to disclose to us the
true condition of the Treasury, though he enlarges
much upon a public debt, does, in no part of his
report, definitely state what that debt is. Can there
be any excuse for this, except that the debt, exact-
ly statGd, would seem so trifling and inconsidera-
ble, compared with that created cy the splendid
imaginations < f his friends, as to be quite unworthy
of particular notice? I do not asset t, for I do not
know, that the design was to leave the matter still
m doubt and mystery, and thus still give play to
those fertile imaginations, but I say such has been
the effect of this unprecedented course Nor can
I for a moment believe that, if the amount of the
public debt were as great as any, the least of those
sums so frequently repeated by gentlemen of the
Administration parly, the Secretary could have
been so deficient in duty as not to inform Congress
particularly of so important a fact.
To those who were here at the session of last
winter, these endeavors to inculcate the idea of a
large debt are not new. They were then com-
menced, and have ever since been sedulously con-
tinued. Perhaps it wauld be going too far to say
of gentlemen, that their wish was "father to their
thought;'' but it certainly is demonstrable from
their own data, that no giound then existed, or
now exists, for their contradictory and monstrous
re-alts. Ihey s.and condemned by each other.
They Stan ! condemned and exposed by the report
of their own Secretary, which, so far as it proves
any thing, overthrows and scatters to the winds all
their calculations—calculations which, though
brought forward with all the parade of mathema-
tical accuracy, are figurative in more senses than
one. None who were here can forget the exhibit
made la«t winter by the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Baonard] which gave ennency to the
ao^ertion that this debt was forty millions of dol-
lars. I 1 arn that the gentleman from New York
has disclaimed having intended to beso understood.
That I may do him no injustice I have procured a
copy of his speech, as reported by himrelf, and
will read extraes from the portion to which I re-
fer. The introduction to bis statement is as fol-
lows:
"But the Ptesident thinks himself justified m deciawng on
the whole, that this Government has 'leheved itself entirely
fiom debt' I am not able to Hatter myself so much in regard
to this item in our financial condition, as the ominous state-
ments wnn-h I hold in my hand, and will now piesent, may-
serve to show."
Then follows the statement, headed: "Statement
of the public debt, regarded as ascertained and certain,
existing on the lit of January, 1841, though the
amounts may not be exac' "
The items are then given, including §9,000,000
for the fourth instalment under the deposite act of
1836, and $5,000,000 for claims on account of
French spoliations, prior to 1800. The statement
concludes—
"So that the whole amount of indebtedness and liabilities on
account of past transactions, was, on the first of January, 1841,
probably not less than $36,015,000."
There was also another estimate presented by
the gentleman from New York on that occasion,
which was the second of his "ominous" state-
ments. It was headed "Estimate of the proba-
ble amount.of public debt and liabilities, growing
out of past transactions, for which the Admini-
stration of the next four years may have to provide,
being over and above all current expenditures;"
and this latter estimate, including $5,000,000 as a
"sum necessary to provide a suitable average ba-
lance in the Treasury," is summed up at
$40,380,000
The statements were characterized by the gentle-
man from New York as "ominous statements,"
(ending to show the "fallacy" of the position of the
President that the country had relieved itself from
debt, and the first headed "statement of the public
debt regarded as ascertained and certain.'"
It is proper to admit that there is one footing, be-
fore the close cf the first statement, of "amount
of actual debt" $16,515,000
Estimates, to be credible, must not only reach the
same results, but the items which make up those
íesults must agree. Taking even that conclusion
of the gentleman fiom New York, is he supported
by the Secretary? No, sir. True, in one portion
of the Secretary's report there is an es.tim.ated
amount of debt and deficit of $16,088,215. But
how is this sum made up? By including four mil-
lions to be raised to be kept in the Treasury, and
about three millisns for new appropriations of this
extra session, and other items varying from those
pressed into service in the conjectures of the gentle-
man from New York The Secretary agrees with
the gentleman from New York neither in his result
nor his items. There has been another estimate
published with quite an authoritative air, making this
cameleou like debt eighteen millions. The gentle-
man from Georgia has worked out the problem at
fourteen millions—and thus, as I have said, gentle-
men agree in nothing except an attempt te incul-
cate the belief that the late Administration has be-
queathed to the pre¿ent an enormous load of public
drbt. Sir, these varying statements cannot all be
tine, and the people can never rely ou any of them.
The subject is a matter of figures, and statements
in relation to it must be characterized by exactness
and unifoimity, in order to gain or deserve confi-
dence with an intelligent community. Seeing these
fatal discrepancies, how can we trust to any of these
estimates? They are, all of them, as I shall here-
after endeavor to show, baseless as "the fabric of
a vision."
It is well known that previous to the Jate Presi-
dential election, the whole country ruDg with
charges made against the Administration, by the
party then seeking office, of extravagance and pro-
fligate expenditures. What do we now see? Have
thtse economical andrelorming gentlemen brought
forward any system of retrenchment? No. But,
on the contrary, every measure proposed by them
looks to expenditures on a scale oí extravagance
heretofore unheard of.
Is it possible that when last winter these mon-
strous estimates of the sums the present Adminis-
tration would be obliged to expend, were thrown
out, it was lor the purpose of paving the way for
this premeditated extravagance? How soon after
the Presidential election was the note changed! It
deserves remembrance that at the last session a
distinguished member of the House, now in the
other end of the Capitol, [Mr. Evans of Maine,]
dent u need the Administration as niggardly and
parsimonious, and as neglecting to provide for the
grea' interests of the country; and ridiculed the
late Secretary of the Treasury for alluding to a
"vigorous reduction of expenditures" as one means
of increasing our revenue. The gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] in reply, reminded him of
the adage of Franklin, that "a penny saved is a
penny gained," and he might have also added the
authority of a Roman classic, who said, "Magnum
est vectigal parsimonia." It is a matter of regret
that those in power seem not to be alive to the
truth of these maxims.
Besides the remarkable manner in which the
Secretary makes out a deficit  for the year, and
