July, 1841.                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________________205
27tb Cong*•••1st S&ss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
rather let me say, stride. Let as look, for a mo-
ment, at the operation of that bill connected with
the loan bill, as illustrated by an example of what
might take place under both Suppose the Roth-
schilds to hold a bond of rne of the States to the
amount of one hundred thousand dollars. Suppose
them to subscribe to this loan to the fame amount
Suppose further the annual distributive shar; of
that State, in the proceeds cf the pubic lands, to
be also of the same amount. The Rothschilds pay
the money i o the Secretary of the Treasury, and
receive scrip therefor. Tne Secretary of the
Treasury pays the money to the Stale, and the
State pays it in discharge of its bonds to the
Rothschilds, who thus have their money, and thi
feearity of the General Government, instead of the
State. The i.-hole buainiss might be transacted
in a less circuitous manner. The Rothschilds would
have merely to receive their scrip lor the loan of
one hundred thousand dol'ars to the General Go-
vernment, and in consideration thereof discharge
theirbond against the Sia'e—in other words,
the General Government might -give to the
Rothschilds its security in place of the bond of the
State. Is not this assumption to the amount indi-
cated? The mode msy be covert and iosidous,
but this is a fair illustration of the result.
I am opposed to this twelve million loin, be-
cause it is entirely unnecessary, and can only serve
as the commencement of a large national debt in
time of peace. I know the desire of such a debt
is frequently disclaimed, as is also the doctrine that
a national debt is a national blessing; and I cer-
tainly do not impute to gentlemen sentiments oppo-
site to their profession?. But were I for building upa
splendid central comoiida'ed Government—for a
magn Scent scheme of internal improvements to
be carried on by the Genera! Government—far a
high tariff, which should emich the few at '.he ex-
pense of the many—were it my desire to maki the
rich richer and the poor poorer, by taxing equally
poor and rich to benefit the latter and weaken the
former, then would I favor the creation of a na-
tional debt, and vote for this bill as an entering
wedge to such a system.
[The Chairman here intimated that the hour al-
lowed by the rule had expired.]
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In Senate, Saturday, July 24, 1841—On the bill to
establish    a   uniform   sjstem   of   bankruptcy
throughout the United States,-.
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. BUCHANAN said, that when he entered
the Sécate chamber this morning-, he had not in-
tended to say one word on the subject of the bank-
rupt bill.   He was content that the question should
have been taken silently on is final passage, and
decided in its favor, a? all knew it would fee, from
the   vote yesterday  upon  its  engrossment.    The
able remarks of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Tallriadgs] had  induced him to change his pur-
pose, and endeavor to place himself in a proper po-
sition before the public in relation  to .bis impor-
tant measure.
He trusted thathe feltasmuch sympathy for tie
unfortunate as any Senator on this floor. It
would, therefore, have afforded him h'artfelt plea-
sure to be able to vote for th'S bill. He was sor-
ry, very sony, that from a deep eense of public
duty, he should b? compelled to vote against it.
Would to Heaven that this were not the case!
It had been asserted over and over again, that there
were flvejiundred thousand bankrupts in the United
States anxiously awaiting relief from the passage
of this bill Now, from the very nature of iht ca-e,
this must be a monstrous exaggeration of the num-
ber of these unfortunate men. L'ss than two mil
lions and a half of votes had been given at the
late Pres dential election; and, if you aid to this
number five hundred thousand, the aggregate of
three millions would exceed the number of all (he
male inhabitants of the United States who could by
possibility become bankrupts. Could any man be-
lieve that half a million of this number were in a
state of bankruptcy! That every sixth man in the
United States was in this wretched condition?   The
experience of us all must demonstrate that this w = s
impossible There were severe I S-ates in the
Union where lhi> bill would be almost a d' ad let-
ter for want of subjects on which it could operate.
Although we hid suffered much from the spirit of
wild speculation, which had been exciud to mad-
ness by our unrestricted banking system, yet he did
not believe there were more thsn one hundred
thousand bankrupts in the United States who would
apply for relief under this bill.
Now,  sir, what was  the nature   of this bill?
Whom did it embrace in its provisions?  He would
answer, every individual in the Uni'ed States who
was an insolvent debtor. There was no limitation,
no restriction wba'ever.   It would discharge aU
the insolvent debtor ; now in existence throughout
the Union, from all the debts which they had ever
contracted, on the  easiest terms possible.    It was
s-aid that the bill contained provi-nms both for
voluntary and involnn'ary bankruptcy; ard so it
did nominalh: but m truth and in fact, it would
prove to be almost exclusively a voluntary bank-
rupt bill    The involuntary clause would scarcely
ever be resorted I", unlesi it might be by a severe
and vindictive creditor, for the purpose of unjust-
ly oppressing his unfortunate debtor.   And why
would  this prove in  practice to be a voluntary
bankrupt bill, and that a'oie?   Tne compulsory
clause ?pp!ied only to merchants—wholesale and
retail, to bankers, f-c'ors, brokers, underwriters,
and marine insurers.   There were objects of com-
pulsory bankruptcy, provided they owed debts to
the amount of two tbou«and dollars.    In  ord*r to
enable their creditors to prosecute petitions againn
them, for the purpose of having then declared
bankrupt, they must have committed  one of the
acts of bankruptcy specified  by  the bill.    What
wire they?   The debtor, rna'-t either have departed
from the Sta'e of his residence, With intent to da-
fraud hi', credt'ors;—or c/.ncealed himself   o avoid
being arrested:—-or fraudulently procured himself
to be arrested or bis goods or lands to be attached,
distrained, sequestered, or taken in execution;—or
removed or conreald his goods  and chattel*  to
prevent them frvm being levied upon  or taken in
execution;—or made a  fraudulent conveyance or
assignment of his lands goods, or credits.    Thf se
were the five acts of bankruptcy specified in  the
bill; and could it be suppoced that any merchant
or man  of busine-?, in  insolvent   circumstances,
would  wait and subject him'-elf lo  this compulso
ry   process   by  committing   any   of   these acts;
whilst the bill threw the door wide open to him, in
common  with all other person.-, to become a vo-
luntary bankrupt, at any time he might think pro-
per?    H? would  select the mn t convenient  ti"n 
for himself to be discharged  from his debts; and
would cautiously avoid any one of these acts of
bankruptcy, which might res.rain the freedom of
his own wil', and place him in some decree within
the  power of  his   creditors.    He would  "swear
out" when it suited him best, and woul 1 not sub-
ject himsslf to their pleasure.    Tin  bill, then, al-
though  in name compulsory as well as yolnn'ary,
wat in fact, from beginning !o end, nei her more
nor less than a voluntary bankrupt law.
Now it might be wise, on a sunject of such
great importance, to consult the experience of the
past. la 1317, 'he British Parliament had ar>
poin'ed a commission on the subject of their
bankrupt laws. The testimony taken by th- com-
missioner.', was decididiy seainsr these laws; and
the L"fd Chancellor declared that tie abuse*
under them were a di-grace to the country; that it
would be better to repeal ¡hem at orce than to
submit to such abuses: and that there was no mer-
cy to the bankrupt's est.-. ie nor to the creditors. Mr.
B. spoke from memory; but he felt confident he
was substantial!y correct in the facts stated. Thi-¡
was the experience of Eneland; and that too, not-
withstanding theit bankrupt laws had intciposcd
many more guards against fraud than the present
bill contained, and were executed with an arbitra-
ry severity, wholly unsuited to the genius of our
institutions. In that country, however, these laws
had existed for so long a period of time, and were
so interwoven with the business hsbits of the peo-
ple, that it was found impossible to abolish them
altogether.
We have had some experience on this subject id
our own cnuntry. Congress passed a bankrupt
law in April, 1800. It wasconfmed to^raders, and
was exclusively compulsory in its character. Tn«
pe iod of its existence was limited to five years and
until the end of the next session of Congress there-
after. It so entirely failed to accomplish the ob-
jects for which it was created, and was the source
of so manv frauds, that it was permitted to live out
but little "more than half its appointed da/s. It
was repealed in December, 1803; and a previous
resol u tic n, declaring that it ought to be repealed,
Dossed the House of Representatives by a vote of
77 to 12.
The Sta'e of Pennsylvania had furnished an-
other imoortrmt lesson on this subject. In March,
1812, the Legislature of that S'ate passed a bank-
rupt or insolvent law absolving all those who chose
to "take advantage of it from the payment of their
debts. It was confined to the ci'y and county of
Philadelphia; but within these limits, like the pre-
sent bill, it offered relief to every body who desired
to be re'ieved. This act was repealed, almost
by acclamation, at the commencement of the very
next scsMon after its passage. Its baneful effects
were so fully demonstrated during this short inter-
vening period, that the representatives from the
c'.ty and county who had, but a few months before,
strained every nerve to procure its passage, were
th": most active and zealous in urging its repeal.
Dnrine the first sfsst*n of his service in the
House of Representatives, (that of 1821-2,) power-
ful etiorts were made to pass a bankrupt law.
There was then a greater and moro general neces-
sity for sich a measure than had evar existed
smce. The extravaeant expansion of the Bank of
the United S'ate? in 181 fi, '17 and '18 had reduced
it to the vtry brink of insolvency. In order to
sive it-el: fiomruiu, it was compel'cd to contract
its loans and issurs with a rapidity bejond all for-
mer e^amp'e. The conssquence was, that the .
years 1819, '20 and '21 were the most disastrous
which the country had ever experienced since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution. Not only
merchants and speculators were then involved in
ruin; but the rase for speculstion had extended to
the farmers and mechanics throughout the country,
and had rendered vast numbers of them insolvent.
ihe cry for relief, by the passage of a bankrupt
bill, therefore-, came to Congress from all classes
o>"society, and from abrios' every   portion  of the
The'best speech which he (Mr. B.) had ever
mude in Congress was in opposition to that bill.
The reason was, that In had derived much assur-
ance from conversations with Mr. Lowndes upon
thesubj'Ct. That great and good statesman was
then suffering under the d.sease which proved fa-
tal to htm soon after. He attempted to make a
speech against the bill, but was compel'cd to de-
sist bv physical exhaustion before he lad fairly
entered on his subject. It was his decided convic-
tion that no bankrupt law, of which the English
syAcm was the mcdel, could ever be adopted by
Congress without grratinjury to the country. He
(Mr B.) had attemn'e.i to demonstrate this propo-
sition, at that period, and tiff should now again,
after the lapte cf nearly twenty years, make a very
few observations on the tame subject.
And in the first place, ii would be physically
imp-ii-yiWe for the district courts of the United
States to cerry this ¡aw into execution; and if it
were ev«n pcs.bL-, it wouhl be extremely burden-
■•. «e and oppressive to ihe people generally.
The bill prtecribes that ad applicants for its be-
nefit SH-.¡1 file their retitions m 'he .lis net court
of the district in which they reside. Twenty days
notic- only is rcquied, and that not to be served
personally on ¡he creditors, but merely by newspa-
per pub'ication. At the time and place appointed,
the creditors of the applicant may appc.-.r and f how-
cause why the prayer of Hi petition should not be
"ranted. If there be no appearance on me part qt
The creditors, or sufficient cause he not shown tó
the contrary, then the court decree the applicant to
be a bankrupt; and thus ends the first stage of the
proceedings, so far as he is personally concerned.
After such applicant has been thus declared a
bankrupt,and has complied with all the provisions
