July, 1841.                                      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                   ¿of
27th Cong....1st Sess.                                            Fiscal Bank—Mr. Mien.«                                                                   Senate.
should consider indispensable, might be filed in the
district court, and receive its sanction. Ho would
not take time at present to do more than hist at the
nature of the bankrupt la1*', which he thought
would be applicable to this country. It would
very much resemble the cesúo bonorum which now
prevailed in Louisiana, where the civil' and not the
common law governed the proceedings of th 
courts.
But what great and over-ruling necessity existed
for Congress to pass any bankrupt law? Each
State could now pass-bankrupt laws, which would
relieve their citizens from the obligation of debts
contracted with other citizens of the same State
subsequent 10 the passage of such laws. This point
had been solemnly adjudged by the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the case of Ogden vs. Saun-
ders, reported in 12th Wheaton, 213; and its au-
thority was confirmed in the case of Boyle «s.Zacha-
rie, reported in 6 Peters, 635.
This discharge, however, would be confined to
debts contracted between citizms of ihe same Stale
where the discharge was granted. The decision
rested on the principle, thai the State law under
which the discharge would take place, had become
a part of the original contract, in the contempla-
tion of the parties. But if a citizen of Pennsylva-
nia had loaned money to a citizen of New York,
who should afterwards take the benefit of a bank-
rapt law exi'.tmg in the latter Stale, thi?, wiiuld not
discharge the debt; but the Pennsylvanian migh',
notwithstanding, recover the amount due from the
New Yorker, in either the Federal or State courts.
But, even in such a case, if the Pennsylvania cre-
ditor should accept his dividend of the estate of the
New York debtor, he would then be bound for
ever, and Ihe debt would be discharged. [Vide
the case of Clay vs. Smith, 3 Peters, 411.] Foreign
creditors would, in almost every instance, accept
such dividends, if they amounted to an: thing con-
siderable; and this would be an encouragement for
debtors, m failing circums anoes, not to struggle
on till all their property was gone, but to surren-
der it while something remained for the general
creditors. Thus, then, it was clear that the States
could provide for all prospective casi?s, and could
enact bankrupt laws which would have the same
force and effect between their own citizens as
though they had been passed by Congress. Be-
sides, the State courts, established m every county,
could carry those laws into effect with promptitude,
and without inconvenience 10 the people.
A thought had struck him at the moment. Why
might not Congress declare by ¡aw that a discharge
tinder all State bankrupt laws should be as effectual
against citizens of other States as they could be
against citizens of the same Statf? This would
render the system complete in regard to future
dsbts, without any further interposition of Con-
gress. He would not say that we possessed the
power, under the Constitution, to pa?s such a la1?,
because he had never eomiJered the subject; but,
if we did, it would be the best mode in which we
could exercise our power over bankruptcy. Every
State would then be left at liberty to adopt the po-
licy in relation to bankrupts required by its own
peculiar circumstances, and to execate the laws
which operated chiefly upon the domestic concerns
of its own citiztns according to its own discretion.
Mr. B. said, as he had referred to the speech
which he had made ¡n the House of Repiesenta-
tives on this subject, nearly twenty veirs ago, he
felt bound to acknowledge that, upon one point, he
had fallen into a then prevci'ing error. . Ot this he
hid been fully convinced by the debate in the Se-
nate at the last sesMon. In 1822, it was his opi-
nion that ihe constitutional power of Congress
was confined to traders, cr that class of per
sons which were embiaced by the bankrupt
laws of England at the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. This he now believed was
too narrow a construction. The Constituti >n de-
clared that "Congress shall have power so esta-
blish uniform la\V5 on the subject of bankruptcies,
throught the United Slates " The subject of bankrupt
cies was thus placed generally under our control;
and wherever bankruptcy existed, no matter what
might have been the pursuits of the bankrupt,
whether he had been a trader or not, our power
extended over bim. It also, in his opinion, em-
braced artificial as well as natural persons. « Was
it not absurd to say, that an individual manufac-
turer on one side of the street at Lowell might be
subjected to the compulsory operation of a bank-
rapt law; whilst two or three individual manufac-
tures on the other side of the same street who had
obtained a charter of incorporation from the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, could thus withdraw
themselres in tfeeir corporate capacity from the
power conferred upon Congress over bankrupt-
cies? He, therefore, entertained no doubt of the
power of Congress to pass a compulsory bankrupt
law against banks. If it could not pass such a
law, a firm of individual bankers would be em-
braced by our power; but if these very individuals
obtained a charter of incorporation- they might
then place that power at defiance. He entertained
as utile doubt ot the policy of such a law as ap-
plied to banks. The knowledge of its existence
would of itself, in almost eTery instance, prevent
the necessity of its application. Banks, then, in
order to pave themselves from destruction, would
take care to conduct their business in such a man-
ner as always to be able to pay their liabilities in
specie. He indulged no hope of a permanently
sound convertible paper cutreney except what
arose from the power of Congress to subject banks
to a bankrupt law. This was the only practica-
ble method which could be devised of securing to
Ihe people this great blessing.
Mr. B. thought it might he shown that this bill
was deficient in its details. He wou'd now only
refer to one particular. It dispensed with thi use I
of commissioners of bankruptcy altogether. In
this respect it was a departure from the English
statute of bankruptcy, and from our own act of
1800. Now whilst he admitted that compulsory
bankruptcy would rarely occur under this bill, un-
ipis it might be to gratify the malignity of a severe
creditor; yet he asked the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Berrien] to say what would become
of the debtor's property between the time which
would in ervene between filing the petition against
him by the creditor, and the final decree of the court
declaring him a bankrupt. The debtor might re-
quire a trial by jury before the court to ascertain
the fact whether or not he had committed an act
of bankruptcy. This trial might, and probably
would, often be delayed for years, whilst it ought
to proc;ed immediately. What was to become of
the debtor's properly in the mean time, without
commissioners? Was he to be left to squander it
at pleasure? On the other hand, if the petitioning
creditor should proceed without sufficient cause,
ihe act of 1800 gave the debtor a "remedy ag=un?t
him. He was buund, before tne commission was
sued out, to give bond, with such surety as the
court might direct, conditioned that the oblgor
should prove the debtor to be a bankrupt. In case
of failure, the debtor had his remedy on the bond
to the ¡ meunt of the injury he mi ht have sus-
tained, in case the condition of it had bepn violated.
Surely this was no more than justice. Aft^r the
debtor h.id been arrested in the pursuit of his busi-
ness by a charge of bankruptcy—after his pros-
pects in life had bíen blasted—after his credit had
been destroyed—and after he had been pursued for
years in a course of litigation which even ually
terminated in his favor, justice required that h^
should have some remedy. He asked, therefore,
why tbe-e provisions of tke act of 1800 had bee 
left out of the present bill?
It lnd been contended that as Ihe Constitution
had conferred upon Congress the power to pa^ a
bankrupt law, it was therefore their duty to exer-
cise this power. But power was one thing and du-
ty another. The language of power was that you
may—of duty that you must. The Constitution
had also conferred upon Congress the power of
declaring war, of imposing taxes, and of raisins
and supporting armies; but would any Senator
contend that it was our duty to give life nnd energy
to these powers by calling them inio action, unless
the interest or honor of the country demanded it
at oar hands? These sovereign powers wrre to be
exercised or not, according to the dictates of a
sound discretion: and we were under no obligation
whatever to pass a bankrupt law, unless we be-
lieved that under all the circumstances of the
country, such a law would promote the best inte-
rests of the people.
Upon ;he whole, he could declare that such was
his sympathy for these unfortunate debtors, that
be had never given a vote in his life more disa-
greeable to his feelings than the vote which he
should be compelled to give upon the present oc-
casion. He was convinced, however, that this bill,
in its effects, would prove disastrous to the peo-
ple; and, therefore, although reluctantly, he should
record his vote against its passage.
SPEECH OF MR. ALLEN,
OF OHIO.
In Senate, July 27, 1841—In answer to Mr. Mori-
head of Kentucky, on the subject of repealing
tue Bank charter should one be passed.
Mr. ALLEN said: I do not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, by any act of mine to protract this debate,
and thus to thwart the desire so generally express-
ed, to take the vole on this important measure to-
day. It is, therefore, my only purpose, at present,
to answer the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Morehead] in reference to that de-
claration of mine made early m the session, that
I would, on the day thit chatter became a law, if at all,
introduce a bill to REPEAL it. I, sir, made that
declaration as a Senator and as a citizen of this
country, whose welfare is-not less dear to me than
to the Senator himself. I made it in the open day,
in full view of its utmost import, and sir, what I
then declared is not to be recalled. No, on the
contrary, I now reaffirm it, nnawed by the possi-
ble consequences, political or otherwise, to myself,
and regardless alike of the Senator's jeers, or the
wrath of his party, victorious for the moment
though that party may be. The Senator has been
pleased to remind the Senate that I was the first to
announce, upon this floor, the principle and the
purpose of repeal, and has most loudly bemoaned
the tact, that the other Senators of the Democratic
party should have stood forward in my support.
True, sir, I was the first, but equally trua it is,
that the principle and purpose of repeal, so far
from resting upon my announcement alone, or
upon ihe support of the strong men on this side of
the chamber, have been proclaimed by a power
yet stronger than ours—that of the sovereign peo-
ple themselves. For,sir,in making the declaration,
I did bat repeat the solemn resolve of the freemen
convened in the city of Cincinnati, whose procetd-
ings were forwarded with directions to me to lay
them before the Senate, and to whose sentiments,
so expressed, the resolute, the incorruptible Demo-
cracy have, even now, far and wide responded.
Sir, when I submitted those proceedings, I took
the occasion to observe, that this movement of the
people rf Ohio, thus in advance of all others,
against the re-establisbment of a National Bank,
should excite no surprise—that Ohio, as all would
remember, had been th; fir-i of the S'ates to exert
her authori'y in an effort, by the peaceable means
of taxati.jri, to expei ihe «Id Bank from within her
limits—to expsl it as an institution proven by ex-
perience to be equally oppressive to her people,
and dangerous to public liberty—th.U the contest
thus excited between the Slate aad this Govern-
ment, had resubed in a decision by the judicial tri-
bunals of the latter against the former—that Ohio
considered her sovereignty dangerously assailed
and deeply wounded by that decision, and that,
therefore, without for a moment yielding the ground
she had taken, or truckling to the power which
claimed supremacy within her territory, she had
suspended further action only because she fore-
saw the struggle was soon to expire of itself, with
the approaching expiration of the charter—that
an alterno' to re-affirm Federal pre-eminence over
the State by a renewal of the charter, would af-
ford an oppottunity to interpose ber will first,
against the renewal, and then to repeal the char-
ter, should the renewal prevail—that aware of
the efTV>r<s of this Government agam to re-establish
the Bsnk, the people of Ohio were preparing, as
was manifest from the proceedings I presented, to
resort to the principle of repeal as their undoubted
right, and best security againtt fixed and sturdy
oppression.   This, sir, was what I then affirmed,
