July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£00-
9.7th Cong.......1st Sess.
Duties and Drawbacks—Mr. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
that Congress had power to impair the obligation
of contracts; ii so, he trusted in G d that they ne-
ver would exercise it. But if the Government had
t s power to impair the obligation of contracts, it
might be usurped, as power had been usurped from
time immemorial, by the despots oí the old world.
Th« States were prohibited from impairing the ob-
ligation of contracts, that the property of one roan
might pot be taken away and given to another; and
yet the eerJlemaa said that where power was no1
delegated, Congress could impair the obligation of
a contract! He would never consent to vote for a
bankrupt law so long as bank stock was exempt
Irorn r-ttaebmeir; for v;h;never the stockholders
found that the millions oí bank stcck couli not be
ai'ficlied they would practise fraud upon the peo-
ple, aid jro beyond the intention of the law; be-
sides, n would offer an inducement for persons to
invest their effects in bank stocks, because they
were not subject to the bankrupt law. In truth
the bill held cut every inducement for speculator*
to embark in wild and reckless adventures, and
laey could break up as often as they pleased; cheat
the very men who had given them extensive cre-
dits.
Mr. G. went in'o a brief examination of tfee con-
stitutional questions bearing upon this subject, and
argued fuilher, lrom some of the -provisions
oí this bid, thflt it was not uniform in its cha-
racter, and that it would work unequally both as
regarded individuals as well at, States. He com-
plained that there had been incorporated in the
same till a bankrupt system and an insolvent sys-
tem, and he asked what power Congress had to
pass an insolvent Ian? Whilst he admitted its
power to pass a bankrupt act, he denied it had a
right to enact sn insolvent law.
He entered into an explanation of the meaning
and distinction ot the term- "bankrupt" and "in-
tok'ejt," as understood in England, and contend-
ed tha' ttie.-:e terms were confounded in this hil1,
•when then, was a broad and palpable distinction
between the two classes of debtors. He argued
that this was a proposition to violate the obligation
oi contracts, and interfere with the insolvent laws
of the several State;. He admitted that Congress
posseted the postrer ¡o pass a bankrupt law, but
tí at la>v mu~.t be prospective, and not retro-active,
?*nd it mutt i perate upon all debtors alike. He
contended ihat under this bill the banks and o:her
cnrporatijiis, such as the Bank of the United States
of Pennsylvania,; hotild be included in its provisions,
as otherwise they would go to favor, m very many
cases, a set of swindlers and rascals, at the ex-
pense of the comm.<nby g«nera'ly. He thought
ihat speculators ?,nd <?thers, of loose moral princi-
ple, would take advantage of the Uw, and sacrifice
the innocent, the hoi.eoi, and the upright, to carry
out 'heir Oi'/n selSsb, and disr-cnest purposes. He
next snored that the operation of ¡his bill would
be highly injurien  and oppressive to the creditors
in th-Jseveral States, why,in order 10 substantiate
their c'aiavs against an individual residing in ano-
ther, and, perhaps, distant State, might be com-
pelled to travel some thousands of railes to do it.
Trie operation of the act, then, m vast many in-
stance*, wou'd be, that the debtor would get off,
in consequence oí the creditor being reduced to
the mcu.-Mty of travelling thus far, to the great
n-ijjUct of his business and other demando upon
his t me and atteuu n a. home.
T-e honorable chapman of the Committee on
the J.,J cinry slid mat. n vas "the law of g ind.ng
at tne -.ii'.—.irat come first -erved." Such he (Mr
Gordon) s i I was tn<- doctiinecf the common law,
suJ.'o be ths perfee ten o' bemaa wisdom. Tne
comr.o i 1j  favored the vigilant creditor, and i.-ft
tha dormant or.o to enjoy the fruits of slotbfulress
ri'id íi.alortous ease, it encouraged virtue and >-e-
pro'oa'e! vice in all tbjir ft rm--. it never placed
i Uen '-s and industry on the same level- Bu', l:a
sai i, this bill proposed to do awav the la*' of grind-
in? «it :1m mil1—first come fust served—which wjs
th~ pritxiiUe of the common law and justice. The
la •- proposed L,y lhii t>l!1 was>t0 Sriljd *" the S"&,s
o. ail sorts oi gram of all the customers, come
earl;, or come late, in one great hodge podge, and
dolé out to each one his share. Ii any thing was
left, after the tolls, leaks.and dustof the mill, of lhe
mixed mass, th* rmdley of ingredients. He much
feared that the toll and meal dust would be the
lion's part, and that ¡hose who took th'ir grists to
the mills where lawyers took the toll, would have
bu' li tie reason to thank the mills or the millers.
The bill provided, he said, that nothing in that act
contained should te construed to annul, destroy, or
impair any Hen on property, resl or personal, which
might be valid by the laws of the States respective-
ly. That in Connecticut and other, if not all,
the New England Stat??, the first process in the
collection of debts, was an attachment which
was a lien on the debtor's property, valid by the
laws of the State. Other States in the Union, and
New York among the number, had no such iien
li.vs or proce-s as the ordinary process in 'he col-
lection of debts. That provision in the bill would
give a preference to the New England creditors over
thecreditors in the other States, and enable the New
England debtor to prefer tha New England credi-
tor, and still c"me in for the benefits of the bink-
rupt law. The consequence of all this, he said,
would be to drive all the other States to adopt the
same laws, and thereby to suspend entirely the
bankrupt provisons of the bill, leaving nothing
operative in the law, but the insolvent or involun-
tary part of it; that part of it, too, which was most
objectionable; that would prove destructive to the
rights ofcreditots; that conflicted directly with the
provisions of the Constitution, and would draw
the domestic dealings and transactions of t^e citi-
zens of the several States within the jurisdiction of
the Federal tribunals, at ¡he expense of the juris-
diction of the State tribunals, a thing never in the
contemplation • of the framers of the Constitution,
and at v.&i with a strict construction of that instru-
ment.
None but your millionary deb'ors would ever be
able to obtain a discbarg; under this irsohent
law. The small debtors could never rai*e th"
means to pay the fees of lhe Federa! coin's, ?nd
your lawyers in the large cries, where those courts
are held, nor could they afford to go so far to at-
tend court with or without their witnesses. It is
an insolvent law for the benefit of a favored class
of debtors, who have gambled and speculated with
thousands upon thou.-ands of dollars, and whose
misfortunes were the fruits of their own miscon-
duct. And by this law, you are to give them
another chance to involve the country in >he wild
delusion of speculation, and enabje them to ruin
hundreds of ethers, that they may, by another
throw of the dice, regain a squandered /ortuae, or,
if riches they never possessed, to get rich by swind-
ling. Care, prudence, judgment, and skill, as well as
honesty and integrity, ate e-sential i-iements in
trade and commerce, and whatever hazards
these elemen's or encourages the opposite qualities
by giving them a pardsn and rcspec'abi'/ity by the
sanction of the law, is hostile to trade and com-
merce—such trade and commerce at should alone
be encouraged and protected—based on capital or
weli grounded credit, .--kill, attention and integrity.
He ssid he had received no petition from his
constituent*, and he n<-ver could consent to go for
so great and important changes in the system of col-
lecting debts and disehaigmg debts, and transfer of
ur:sd'Ction fro-n State to Federa) courts, especially
at this extra sesnn of Congress, railed for other
and different puiposes, without first having fully
heard from them on this rnbject. When he hid
so heard, he  af ready and willing to obey in any
matter constilutiona1; for he held that the represen-
tative was- bound by the will of the icpre-iented.
That was an undeniable pune-pie of hi.-, political
creed, from whieb he would never depart.
He concluded by sayinj he hoped some rr em-
ber more able than himself, who hud studied the
subject more than he hid, would come for varo
and t-us'ain the motion h' had made to strike out
the enacting words ot th-1 bill.
SPEECH OP MR. INGERSOLL,
OP PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives, July i9,  1841—On
the bib reia'ing to duties and drawbacks.
Mr INGERSOLL *aid he was still desirous of
Totin  for the committee proposed to ascertain
facts respecting manufactures, commerce, and re-
venue, but not, for that purposr, to sit in the re-
cess. He read an extract from Jefferson's works,
vol. 4, page 507, to show that be denied the power
of either House to give such authority, which can
be done only by law.
Money enough to meet the obligations of Gfo-
vurnment, it must have; and, as  far as my vote
goes, itshil!, for a fair and reasonable adminis-
tration—and that money it should derive from a
judicious tariff.    The re is some disposition—it has
oeen indulged by my eslleague [Mr. Sehoeant]—
to treat ihat phrase with slight; but it was the deli-
berate recommendation  oí  a most distinguished
Secretary  of the Treasury, Mr. Crawford,  than
whom no man of his time deserved more respect-
ful consideration—a man of superior talents and
qualifications for high place.   A judicious tariff,
adjusted, as it may be, deliberately, next session,
is the resource to be relied upon; and I do not be-
lieve there will be any insuperable difficalty in so
arranging it as to give general satisfaction.   We
have had much experience and made considerable
advances on this once almost intrac able subject.
The expenditure is reckoned by the gentleman who
ha? just preceded me [Mr. Saltonstall] at twenty-
five millions.     His immediate   prtcursor [Mr.
Barnard] sajs Iwemy-eight millions.   I think that
twenty-five will probably be abont lhe annual de-
mand; lookitg to what it has been for many years
past, and the growih of the country, comparing
it   with   former   times,   taking   all   things   into
account, I do not expect to see less than  twen-
ty-fiv    millions   ejp ndtd.      Some  respectable
gentlemen, wiih much better means than mine of
accurate estimate, allow a much smaller 5Um.    I
hope it may be so, tut doubt it.   Taking one year
with another,  I  venture to predict an average of
about tweniy-five million's.    Tbc gentleman from
New Y'.ik [Mr.  Barnard] spoke of war—the de-
mands of th- Florida war.    Bat when has the tem-
ple of Janus been closed  in this country?    What
with Engliih, French, Spanish, Mexican, African,
and Indian  troubles,  the United States have al-
most always been under the extraordinary charges
©fsome sort of war, either prohibitory or bellige-
rent; and one is, perhaps, as costly as the other.
Army, navy, foreign service, civil list, and other
continual demands, pensions—all rather increas-
ing—must be met and provided for, mainly, if not
entirely, by discriminating duties on imports, if the
public lands are no move to  be available.   Some
gentleman had intima'ed resort to internal duties,
although, when ca'eehised, they seemed loth to ac-
knowledge ¡t.    Neither  of the gentlemen from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] and New York [Mr.
McKeon] or I, need hesitate as to an intimation
of this sort.    We are here in a minority, and, with-
out some very   extraordinary  contingency, can
have little to do in devising systems of revenue.
Their   suggestion   and  lesponsibihty   belong   to
another party, now governing in this House with a
high hatid.    It will be for them to determine whe-
ther other means than the impost shall be resorted
to.    Internal  duties are not favorites.    I do not
speak of a duect land tax, which will probably
always be íeserved for the last necessity of actual
war.    But what are denominated internal duties,
have been levied in this country profitably, without
complaint, and altogether economically and satis-
factorily.    A Senator, en intimate terms with the
eminent p-srion who formerly,  ex officio, presided
in this House, find now,   ex cathrdra, presides in
anryhr, has la ely suggested a stamp tax on bank
note. , as indispensable  to regulate the  currency.
Stamp  laves   have been,   both  in England and
h?ie,' the   most  odious   of all  public  burdens.
They struffgled into inconstant exis'ence there, as
one of the me .ns  of Walpoie's corrupt ministry.
They are associated here with rjsistance to British
oppression by revolution.    All such taxes were re-
pealed as one of the first refoims of Jefferson's ad-
vmtto   the Presidency; for   their collection cost
twenty per cent, and they produced but little, and
pro/Vd extremely vexatious, while ¡he impost was
all sufficient.    But, afterwards, eight and twenty
years ago, a system of internal duties, become in-
dispensable, was enacted, which, during the three
or four years of its enforcement, worked perfectly
14
