July, 1841;               ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             £tl
27th Cong.•••1st Sess.
Duties and Drawbacks—Mr. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
the capacities for working it into extensive manu-
factures, and rtvabng the English; except coal, in
which France is deficient. By uniting the stone coal,
taken as ballast, with cotton, (and other American
products,) commercial intercourse between this
country and that might be much augmented, to the
advantage ot both. But the penny-wise cry of a
tax on French silks and wines, popular with all
the unthinking portion of the community, and to
be carried out by this shortsighted bill, is to plunge
us into a war with the Frenan, instead of the most
profitable and beneficial relations; not hostilities
in arms; but without the bloodshed, as expensive
and perhaps more injarious. It is miserable im-
policy. In case of war with another great Euro-
pean power, our most immediate and least expen-
sive armaments might be found in the ports of
France. Steamships, ships of the line, seameD,
and commanders, all we want, and what we can-
not get here, to the same extent. Harbors, too,
of shelter and repair for our own vessels of war.
With our own private steamers and privateers,
we possess immediate and much more formidable
means of war than we are apt to take credit for.
Fortifications, home squadrons, and such appEi-
ance--, to none of which, in reason, will I obj ct,
let us have too. But unless the judiciary of New
York should shield as from the deplorable con-
cessions of our own Execuiive, how soon may we
not stand in dire need of all the belligerant fa-
culties attainable? The best, th® cheapest, the
most powerful, the fleets of France sympathising
and sure, we are alienating and losing by this bul
of two-penny taxation; instead of great national
and permanent views of our French relations,
we take the shortest, the most injudicious, the
most ignoble. We want a million or two of dol-
lars, and we lay hold of French silks and wines to
rasp it from. Every small politician can see at
once that wines and silks are foreign luxuries,
which may be taxed; can reckon the product; can
talk of the excess of their importation. But states-
men, at the head of affairs, ought to percsive that
other greater interests are at stake, admonishing
that by thus grasping at the shadow of little gain,
for the moment, we peril the substance of a great
alliance—interest ot infinitely greater moment.
The exports of the United Siates altogether, as far
as they depend directly or indirectly on France,
and that is a great deal, are thus jeoparded.
It is distressing to think of this wretched back-
sliding from the gkrious outset of our original
connection with France. We talk of free, trade.
Let me read to the House its earliest, noblest vin-
dication, in the first treaty between the Uniied
States and France, in 1778, ihe immediate result
of our first great victory at Saratoga. This treaty
is said to have been «he joint performance of
Franklin and Tmgot—Franklin as able in negotia-
tion as Washington in arms—Turgot, whose work
on the Formation of Wealth preceded ihat of
Adam Smith on the Wealih of Nations, and
is said to have suggested much of its best argu-
ment:
"ihe most Christian King and the thirteen United States of
North America, willing to fix in an equitable and permanent
maunei the rules which ought tu be lollowed, relative to the cor-
respondence and commerce winch the two parties desire to esta-
blish, havejudge.l that the said end coutd not be better obtained
than by taking from the basis of their agreement the most
perfect equality and reciprocity, and by carefully avoiding
all those burdensome preferences which an e usually sources
of debate, embarrasstnent, and discontent, by leaving also
each party at liberty to make, respecting commerce and navi-
gation, those interior regulation? which H shall find most con-
venient to itself; and by founding the advantage of com-
merce solely upon reciprocal utility and the ¿ustiules of free
intercou,e, reserving withal (o each party the hbeity of ad-
mitting at its pleasure other nations to a participation of the
same advantages."
The gentleman [Mr. McKkon] who most di-
lated on free trad-.*, will perceive uat this aborigi-
nal düclaiatioa cf its me>.,imabie worth, then Utile
known or appreciate.!, claim  equality as well as
kbtrty for i's ba.-.i : equality between nations, as
indispensable to just inteicourse as between indi-
viduals.
This admirable treaty, the parent of all good
treaties since, consecrates, afier the prelace
I have read, the pi inciples that iree ships make tree
goods; th<it search of vet-.els is not permitted by the
law of nations except for contraband of war, the
catalogue of whi^h it reduces and defines, while it
prescribes the strict conditions of any search at all;
regulates the much abused pretensions of beiligerant
b]ockade,and establishes altogether such a code of sea
laws, as it is glorious to the United States and France
to have originated. AH this benignant international
condition the bill before us will destroy, and in its
stead bring on commercial strife, industrial priva-
tion, and national impoverishment. Free trade
and rational intercourse are cast away: and two
great, free people, with numberless inducements
to cultivate each other's amity, marshalled against
each other in ungenerous conflicts of prohibitory
and exclusive imposts. Cotton, coal, tobacco, rice,
and whatever else we export, just when increasing
progressively and infallibly, are to be cut down to
much reduced amount, that French silks and
French wines may be forced to contribute to our
Treasury. Yes, sir, the cry has gone forth. The
folly will soon follow. The United States will be
once more, with every reason for harmonious and
extensive intercourse, brought into collision with
our first ally, and, if we did but know it, our best
customer.
It appears that some communication, not sub-
mitted to this House, has been made on this subject
by the French Government to ours. The public
prints mention this expostulation, on which I shall
not dwell, but leave the economical argument out
of view. There is no time for it here. In addi-
tion to striking particulars of trade and navigation,
which may be presented in strong lights, our bur-
dens on French silks and wines, liberate France
from treaty engagements which give us the benefit
of natural maritime advantages. Ours are a sea-
faring and'mercantile people, more than the French.
Our navigation,whenlput on equal footing with theirs,
is naturally superior, and that is the basis of the
convention of 1822, and the treaty of 1831. That
basis we abandon. We exciie Frunce to try
if she cannot, by some means or other, cope with
us; if she cannot overcome our natural superiority
of navigation by artificial means; if she cannot by
regulations overreach us.
[Mr. Ingersoll's hour expired before he had
time to siy all that follows from his notes: ami he
is not able to recollect precisely, what part of it
was said and what omitted: he deems it but right
to add the sequel of one and the same argument,
imperfect at best, but which would be rendered ex-
tremely so by depriving it of important parts.
One effect of the hour rule is, in the anxiety to say
as much as possible, to crowd in ideas so that a
speaker cannot t-11 what wa< said and what emit-
ted of his premeditations.]
French silks, as we are about to lax them, are
more than half of them not French at all, though
in part from France. Tney are Swiss or other
fabrics. Switzerland, Germany, Prussia, Italy,
Flanders, Hol'and, are all struck at by thi-s bill,
not onlv in t.ilks and wines, but other things.
Much of what we import from France and these
counties, we export attain to American nations,
profitably to our navigation. Th  ho..«rabie sen-
tleman whose tlu'y it is to carry this bill, regards
the duties it is computed to rsi^e a; st>re gain to
the Treasury, in that he reckons without hi? host.
Did h • ever read of Dirck Hatteraick? or hear of
such a business as smuggling? His bi'l, on
whose pro luce he dwells with a naivete quite sur-
prising, will prove, as respects many of his best
articles, nothing, after all, but a bounty on smug-
gling. The famous- report with which Mr. Hume's
committee of ¡he House of Commons has favored
us, show* tl.'.t the tariff for smuggling is as well
Sftiled inEuropean portsas ¡hut for lawful du'ies.
About P.ve per cent, will insure delivery snywheru
of almost any not very bulky thing. I* there no
New York custom-house? Are not Executive
committees of inquiry sitting th re now on orga-
nized fraud? !s there not proof of combinat'on*,
vast conspiracies, m which 'he well-drilled knaves
of all the nation? of Europe unite with apt pupils
of oar own to reduce the duties we ¡lipes; to a
very small p -rt of their nominal amount by syste-
matic smuggling?
I will not close the argument wi hout other
views more elevated than 'ho-e of mere revenue
and economy. Nobler, wiser, and philosophical
politics, belong to it. . I have read part of the first
treaty between this country and Fiance. That of
1800, negotiated by Joseph Bonaparte, under the
government of his immer.se brother, putting an end
to the lamentable hostilities with France, into
which the United States were driven, reconstructs
the admirable principles of international an4 ma-
ritime regulations, which had been consecrated by
the treaty o' 1778; Jefferson's consular convention
of 1788; Monroe and Livingston's treaty of 1803,
by which the pacific principle, as it may well be
considered, of purchase, was introduced, and our
long pending difficulties with Spain removed by the
purchase of the unbounded territories of Louisiana,
acquisition beyond price for this Confederacy—of
many and of magnificent States; the convention of
1822, already alluded to, and finally the treaty of
indemnity of 1831, by which all outstanding
causes of controversy with France were closed
forever—all this succession of treaty intercourse
with that power abounds with inducements, from
first to last, for not violating the whole by a mean
mercenary attempt to exclude silk and wine unless
tbey pay duties which they never can or will sub-
mit to, and which will cost us a thousand fold.
There is more than policy—there is faith in-
volved. Tb« treaty of 1778, as is well known.en-
tangled the United States in offensive as well as
defensive alliance, which so just a man as the first
President felt himself constrained to disregard by
his more wise than warrantable proclamation of
neutrality, and Jay's treaty with England. The
United Slates kept their peace under well founded
charge of want of faith to their first and greatest
ally, without whose help thecipture of Cornwallis
did not, perhaps never would, close the Revolution,
and achieve independence in a.blaze of glory. And
now, again, how stands the account of good faith's
The treaty of 1831 expires next February. It ex-
pressly stipulates that in consideration of our bind-
ing the United Slates for ten years, to take the wines
of France at certain duties, the French Govern-
ment abandons the reclamations it had in relation
to the cession of Louisiana; and engages that
American long staple cottons shall pay no higher
per cent, duties than short staple. We talk much
of virtual obligation of our own compromise act
subsisting after it expires. Is there no such obli-
gation in this treaty? Before it expires, on three
weeks' notice to France, we lay heavy burdens on
her silks and wines; and, in effect, put sudden, if
not unfaithful stop to commercial intercouse,
which she had a right to expect was to 'be conti-
nued and extended. If this is just, it is sharp jus-
tice: if honeM, is it the best policy?
From the outbreak of the French Revolution,
till 1831, notwithstanding many memorable com-
pact.--, and the greatest inducements to good will, a
series of misunderstandings, heartburnings, and
politics, uti.'oriunately prevailed between France
and this country; closing with General Jackson's
co;rcion of the indemnity, with which came a full
set'lemen'; peace, hsrinony, commerce, good wi;l.
A people 1 ke ourselves, ol farmer?, manufacturers,
and mechanics, having thrown off most of the m-
cumbraares of feudal inheritance, with perfect
equality ar¡d c nsiderable liberty, sympathizing
with ours ¡n principle; an-i in jealousy of another
gtíát pecpie, Kiio.il v e need not won hip, although
their descendant*—such a natioH is estranged by
a paltry tax on stlk, which, like that on tea, which
separated us from Great Britain, may have disas-
trous consequences. For one, I must deplore, de-
nounce, reals', such egregious impolicy.
We pens'oueii LaFayette as an American, asso-
ciate him with Washington, Jefferson, Fianklin,
and Adam-. Hi: countrymen in turn have learned
to íWd a na ¡onal regard "for our-. When tbegreat
memai ar.ih.ir of toe French Resolution, *hose
p--n was m.ire instrumental than any sword—
V\jU¿ir—«-as introduced to Franklm, trying lo say
i fevv words in English, he said he could not de-
ny himself ile p'ea-ctare of uttering some'htng in
Fiankl'n's !?.iigua;e, When Franklin died, his
most splendid obituary was pronounced by Mira-
beau. Wellington has had no euiosists more
philosophically eloquent than Fontaiu-s,' the mi-
nister of Napoleon, < r Guizot, the present French
minister. The eminent sovereign who, for the
last ten  years, has gov.-rued that wondeful people;
