ál2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cokg.-.-Ist Sess.
fiscal Bank—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
(as Washington called them,) wiih great power,
'reversed our whole country, with his saddlebags,
on horseback, and learned in the deep West to ap-
preciate its prodigious capacities. Liberal, en-
lightened, and openly attached to us, there seems to
- be a fatality in our now rejecting the spirit of
American treaties and sympathies with France.
Let us try the experiment, whether generous deal-
ing with States is not asprofitable as with individu-
als; whether, without entangling alliance, or prohibi-
tory alienation, we may not set the world an ex-
ample of the wisdom of international good will
and equality. Eren rs a counterpoise to the colo-
nial attachments which by trade, by debt, by habi*,
by reverence, involve and embroil us with England,
■without quarrelling with her, we might advanta-
geously haul off from that anchorage, and moor
somewhat nearer the great nation at the hr ad of
of continental Europe, influenced by the simp'e
good sense of independence, of fair dealing, of
equal justice to all. Bound to British power more
firmly by voluntary ties than force ever effected,
we are recolonized. This bill, by completely sepa-
rating us from the French and other continental
nations, must still further confine our commerce
' and colonize our intercourse.
It will be an act to rend and deracinate the
calm and unity ef two States, whose inte
rests are sympathetic, but whose fate it seem al-
ways to be sundered by some base lucrative evil-
genius. Once enacted, and for a single year en-
forced, this bill will have accomplished its petty
purposes, indurable and deplorable mischiefs.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
InSmale.Wiineiday, JutyHl, 1841 —OnMr.CLAy's
(of Kentucky) amendment, in relation to the
consent of the States to the establishment of
branches of the Bank within their limits.
Mr. BENTON said: This amendment mabis the
charter reversable for unconstitutionality upon its
/ace, asd that upon'the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, according to the princi-
ples laid down in the case of the State of Maryland
and McGulloch. The principles of that decision,
applied to this charter, will reverse it; and if there
was any way to carry it up upon writ of error—
and if the McLeod case can be carried up to our
Supreme Court by such writ, I presume this char-
ter can be taken up also in the same manner—if
this could be done, I would undertake tor. turn
with the judgment of the court reversing the char-
ter, in as short time as it would require to go
through the form oí slating the esse, and reading
the opinion of the fotmer court, a.s delivered by
Chief Justice Marshall.
That opinion laid down two prit ciples, by virtue
of which the constitutionality cf the chatter of 1816
was sustained, and upon which (ince the adoption
of this amendment) the constitutionality of this
charter would be denied. What were those prin-
ciples'}   They were—
1. That the constitutionality of the Bank depend-
ed upon the necessity for it; and of that ne ckssity,
Congress was the sole and exclusive judge.
3. That the States have no right to retard, im-
pede, burthen, or control, in any manner whatever,
the creation or operations of the Bank judged by
Congress to be necessaiiv to carry into effect its
granted powers.
These are two of the principles laid down in the
case of McCulloch and the Sure of Maryland;
and, tried by these principles, re<v will the charter
of this Fi'scalily stand, and that upon its own face,
now that the compromising amendment, as it is
called, has been adopted? Lfivmg out all other
views of the question, and u.Ming the constttnton-
ality of the new c'iarter solely by these principles,
and how will it stand? The answer to this ques-
tion requires the amendment itself to be read and
analyzed, and that reading and ?nal\sis I will now
give.
in             •     • THE AMENDMENT.
And the said directors may aho establish one or more com-
petent offices of discount and deposite in any Territory or Dis-
trict Of the United Suites, and in any State, with the consent of
such Slate; and, when established, said office, or offices -.hall
ne on!;.withdrawn or retrieved bv the said direftois, prior to
expiration of this charter, with ¡he previous assent of Con.
grew.   Provided, in respect to any State which shall not, at the
first session of the Legislature thereof held after the passage of
this act, by resolution or other usual legislative proceedings, un-
conditionally assent or dissent to the establishment of such of-
fice or offices within it, such assent of the said State shall be
thereafter presumed: And provided, nevertheless, that, when-
ever itshall become necessary and proper, for carryinginto ex-
ecution any of the powers granted by the Constitution, to esta-
blish an office or offices in any of the States whatever, and the
establishment theraof shall be directed by law, it shall be the
duty of the said directors to establish such office or offices ac-
cordingly."
This is the amendment; and, at the first view, it
is seen to divide itself into foui parts, and each part
to consist of provisions which are fatal to the char-
ter, under the principles of the decision which I
have quoted. The first part, or clause, refers the
question of ths necessity of these branches entirely
to the opinion of the directors of the institution—
that is to say, to the nine managers, or lords of the
Treasury, who are to be stationed at Washington
city, to c'irect and govern the Bank. It is to be re-
membered that the Bank is to do no banking busi-
ness at Washington; the genera' governing power
of the bank only is to be here, but all the banking
business is to be done at the branches. In this it
differs from the charter of the late Bank, wh'ch
established a branch, by one of its clauses, in this
city. The amendment differs fr«m all this, and
leaves the whole question of establishing thess
branches to the will and pleasure of the nine direc-
tors. They may establish them or not, as they.please;
and from the composition of this central directory,
six out of nine of them to be chosen by private
stockholders, every question of establishing a
branch will be a question of profit and loss to
these private stockholders. It will be established,
if for thoir profit; refused, if for their loss. No
judgment of Congress operates upon the question;
the necessity of the branch is not decided by them;
and it is a case in which Congress cannot dele-
gate its power. It must judge, and judge exclu-
sively, upon ibis question of necessity; so says the
decision of the Supreme Court; and, therefore, this
first part of the amendment stands condemned by
that decision.
The second part, or clause of the amendment,
provides that, when the branch is once established,
it shall not be withdrawn during the existence of the
charter except with the consent ef Congress. This
is evidently intended to make the branches appear
as necessary to the General Government; it is in-
tended to exhibit and hold out these branches as
necessities in the eye of Congress. It is a device to
cover a constitutional delee', but it will not do.
While it admits the defect-, it fails to cure it.
Whi'e it admits the mcessily lor Congress to judge
the necessity for establishing the branch, it post-
pones, that judgment to the removal or withdrawal
of the branch. It puts the judgment of Consress
at the wrong place—at the wrong end of the ro v—
at the death, instead of at the birth of the branch.
Thts will not do. it makes the thing worse. It
does not cover the evil. It is a little plaster for a
big sort!
The third part of the amendment consists of
the first proviso, and enacts that the failure of any
State, at its first session after the passage of this
charter, to declare its dissent to the establishment
of branches within it, shall be conclusive against
i', and it shall be presumed to bave giren its con-
sent to such establishment. This implies that the
consent of the State is necessary to the admission
of the branch; and, in that respect, is in open con-
fl.ct wiilx he second principle which I have quoted
from the decision of the Supreme Court. True,
this is an implication, and it will be a pretty ques-
tion for the jn ig.'S to decide, how far an implica-
tion in iavor cf State sovereignty shall be over-
rukd by a positive authority conferred on a board
of bank director;: it will be a pretty question for
the courts; and how 'hey will decide it, must re-
main for time to tell My present purpose is to
shot", ¡hat the implication in favor of the State is
condemned by all that part of the Supreme CourtV
decision which denies to the State the least right
whatever to retard, impede, burthen, or in any
way control the establishment of these branch
banks within their limi's.
The fourth and last part cf this amendment
which requires consideration, is in the second pro-
viso, which reserves to Congress a future right to
require the central directors to establish branches
in any Stale in which Congress may judge it to be
necessary, and that wi hout the consent of the
Stale. This is a provision for futurity. It is
both contingent and future. It admits there is no
necessity, now, in the opinion of this Congress,
which grants the charter to establi- h a branch in
any State whatever; and as there is neither to
be a branch, nor a mother Bank here, it is a full
admission that there no necessity, at tnis time, for
any part of the Bank whatever. This is the judg-
ment of the Congress which grants the charter—
no necessity ¿or it whatever—a reference to fu'ure
Congresses—and a reservation of power to them
to compei these fiscal lords to put a branch in a
State, if such future Congress deems it necessary.
All this is in direct conflict with the prcions parts
of the amendment. The previous parts admit
the rights of the Sra'es, sub modo, to deny the ad-
mission of b lanches; they admit it tobe the opi-
nion of this Congress that th'S admissibility de-
pends upon the consent of tbo State, eith«r express-
ed by law or resolution, or implied by its silence;
this is what the previous parts admit, with respect
to ourselves; we have no right to inject the branch
without the State's consen'; but, with respect to
our successors, all this is changed! These successors,
if they deem it necessary, may do what we cannot;
they may inject the branch into the State, without
leave or license from it, and without the least in-
ference to its consent, expressed or implied I Such
is the gross and glaring contradiction between the
beginning and the ending of this amendment, sanc-
tified with '"the name of "compromise;" as if there
could be any compromise of a constitutional ques-
tion! The contradiction is gross and glaring. To
us, it looks like baroboczling ourselves; to the
S'ates, it looks like insult and mockery. To
the courts, it will give a pretty employ-
ment—the delegable employment of making re-
conciliatiooj.atouemcnt, and pece, as the lord
Coke expresses it, between the contradictory and
insensible parts of the same statute. How the
courts will decide between these contradictions,
must remain for themselves to say; but how the Su-
preme Court will decide upon the constitutionality
of this fourth and last part of the amendment, is
already shown in the rjuoted opinion of that court.
This Congress decides these branches to be unne-
cessary now, by postponing their establishment to
the judgment of a future Congres?; and as the
Bank is to consist of nothing else but branches, the
necessity for the v hole i- mw given up, and all re-
ferred to the opinions of future Congresses.
I r:se for the sirsle purpose, fou'inued Mr. B.
of testing t! c constitutionality of ibis amendment
bv the principies of the deci.-ton of the Supreme
Court in the car.t of McCulloch and the State of
Maryland, f.nd to show that it was condemned by
those principles. This task I have performed. I
have shown that this cnartcr is unconstitutional
upon those principles alone, and without reference;
to any other view cf the case; and, having done
lh:s, I nrght here resume my seat. But the occa-
sion is fit and appropriate for taking a further
view of this amendment, and to see how f.-.r it is
compatible with the nshts and honor of the States.,
or even with ihe common respect which is due to
them: I hold it to be both a violation of their rights,
and a disrespect to their character; pnd that tbis
is viiible in every d'Vision of ¡he four parts or
clauses of .h,3 amendment.
In the first pli-ccilxs. instilling and d- rogatory
to Stae sovereignty to have branches t f a bank
thrust into it upon the decision of a board of ct-ec-
tors, {iwo taires of the.n t«presenting private sioelc-
holdeis,) their- to carry on business without pa;.u:g
a tax, or submitting to any lew of tec Sip let".
Tnese branches, ascording to the d;c:-l.;n of the
Supreme Court, art to by rrre horn S atetaxi'tir.u,
an.l from ail eo:Vv. !, imperhmen , or burtaeu fioin
S-ale legWatr.'n: i: J-: bad enough to have to Gv.b-
mit to all this when Congress orders it; hut, when
ordersd by n botvti of ibrecrors, two thiids of them
representing private stockholders, th's inded be-
comes injury a.-d disr :,pect—double injury, ar..l
double disrespcc'.
Setting out with insult and injary to the S.a'e?,
which the first clause of the amendment offers to
them, the second clause goes on to repeat it, by
