218                                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 184t.
27th C ng--'-1st Sess.
if ho will stand but firmly upon the Constitution
and his principies.
Mr. Morgan of New York rose, and asked Mr.
Payne if he did not, when a member of the Ala-
bama Legislature, vote to instruct the Senators
from that State, and to request ber Representatives,
to vote for a National Bank, with a capital of one
hundred millions of dollars?
Mr. Payne said, to that member I decline mak-
ing any reply.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI
in Senate, Wednesday, august 4,1841—On the For-
tification Bill—the motion pending being «that
the Senate do not concur in the amendment ap-
propnaung $75,000 lor ihe purchase of a sue
lor the erection of an armory.
Mr. BENTON said he bad ava led himwsli of
the night's adjournment to look into the repo ts,
and previous proceedings of Congress a« 1 the
War Office on this gieat Western object of a na-
tional armory in the Vallty of the Mississippi, arid
should briefly lay before the Senate the result of
his researches. He bad informed ihe Senate ihe
evening before when, just at the moment of taking
the final question, this objection had been so unex-
pectedly sprung upon him, that this was an old
object—one of twenty ttve y ears'standing—and that
it had encountered the strange fate of be.ng always
baffled, although etery body seemed lo be for it. In
looking into the history ot the case, he found it to.be
older than he had supposed' he found an act of
Congress of the year 1803, directing the establish-
ments arsenals in the West;anothei ol 1808aiuho-
nzing the President to establish armories, with mt
limitation of their number or locality. In the
year 1823, he found an act for the specific
erection, of a national armory in the val-
ley of the Mississippi By this act tho Presi-
dent was required to appomtskuful commission rs
to examine and report upon Ihe comparative me-
rits of different sites in the Great West, jrid five
thousand dollars were appropriated to defray the
examination; in tbe year following four thousand
more weie added to the appropriation, making nine
thousand fur the expenses ef the examination. A
board of three officers were appointed; tas late Col.
McRee, so distinguished for his science, president,
and the p-esent Col. Talcott and Maj Lee members.
This board gave a most careful examination to
different sites in 'he valleys ot the Ohio river, the
Cumberland and the Tennessee; but ihe vast iron
rf souices of Missouri being but little talked of at lhat
time, they did nut cross ihe Mississippi to explore
the capabdil es ol the Mernmac, the Qasc nade
and the Osage They made detailed and 'kilful n -
ports, detailing the arma! ¿rid comparative advan
tages ot ten difieren po lttons, an! whieh I
fina too voluminous for reading on this occasion
Result  only I wil, exhibit as presenttd in th'ir ta-
ble of recapitulation. Assuming an establishment
of the capacity w produce twelve thousand stt<id
ot arms annually, as the basts of then calcuUti m,
they produced this re'ult
Ohiopile Falls, on ihe Yonghiogany, -   §304 000
Falls of Big Beaver,   -           -           -     279,000
Zin.-sviU, Ohio,         -           -          -     312,000
JNorth Bend, do                                          374,000
Bowman's Cieek, Kentucky,             -     398 0<'0
Falls of Ohio, Jtffersonvide,              -     319,000
Do aoove Shippiugport,                     ■<     505 000
Do. below       do         -           -                  394 000
Narrows of Hirpuh nver,     -           -     357,000
Cypress Creek, Alabama,       -           -      232,000
Such was the number of positions, and the ac-
tual and comparative cost ot eiett.ng ihe armory
at each, which this board presented All oiher cir-
cumstances necessary to the full understand-
ing, and complete appreciation of each, were
presented in the detailed reports It is suffi-
cient for my present purpo>e, to =iy that
many of thesa positions combined all the
advantages which the establishment requir d,
and the selection of some one of them item-
ed to be a matter of couise C b'.el R
M Johnson, to whose untiring and praisewirthy
exertions the act of 1823, and the creation of the
Fortification Bill—Mr. Benton.
board of commissioners was eminently due, la-
bored faithfully, in his legislative capacity, to ac-
complish the- great object. After he left the floor
of the Senate, it seemed to devolve upon me to
take up his work. I took it up with hearty good
will, and sanguine hopes; and during the time of
the overflowing Treasury in 1835-6, when the for-
ty million surplus, and ihe way to get rid of if,
was the anxious and puzzling question with po-
liticians, I proposed to npply it to the great object
of the national defences—the defences general y
and universally, by land and water—and amons
tbe rest, to supply every State with aa arsenal, and
to erect in the Great West, the long deferrea na-
tional armory. This is what I proposed to do wuh the
suiplus; but all to no purpose. The devouring
spirit of distribution had seized on a majo-
rity of the two Houses. The seductive glory
of dividing money among ihe American people,
like candidates for the cons'ilship in the latter day*
o. the Republic divided bread and grain amongst
the rabble of Rome, became an overpowering pas-
sion All idea;, ol national defence vanished be-
fore it. And, to such an extent did this passion
rage, mat, during the time of this great surplus,
not only no new objects of defence were begun,
but the old were neglected! Appropriations were
for such purposes smal'er than usual—stinted to
the lowest amount—fought off to ihe last moment
—and often defeated altogether. Many bills were
rejected; twice in three years, there was no pppro-
priation at all for fortifications; and, stranse to
tell, but no less true than strange, an ordinary for-
tification bill, passing quietly along betwetn the
two Houses, was waylaid by the present Secieiary
at War (then a member ot the House of Repre-
sentatives) i second distribution bi'l fastened upon
it, in violation of every parliamentary rule, and
the whole bill actually lost under the unnatural,
incongruous and pestilential load This w-ts the
fae ot«all defence undertakings during the season
of the forty millions iurplus and m this universal
sacrifice and abandonment oí all suchobjects, it was
a matter of course that the Western armory bdl
should have the fate of the rest. It was blown
sky-high, and it is only now, after the lapse of s'-
veral years, that the bill has sufficiently recovered
from its disastrous overthrow, to justify its
friends in a tempting to set it on i   legs again.
Even as an isolated measure, Í should not now
have attempted it, but the new Administra ion—
the paragon statesmen who could not spare a dol-
lar Ur defence, when we possessed a surp'us of
forty millions, and who rejected, scoffed, dended,
and chaied out oi Congress all my propositions
for defence th-n, are now rampant lor defence ap-
propriations—raging for them m this penniless
tea on, when they say we have not a dollar in
the Tieasure; a id at ihis short session, wh' n shor'-
ness oí tu: e is made the ptetext for stifling discus,
snu), aril traggmg through Corgrtss the ioul litter
ot mea mes which it is well known are too base to
b^ar discussion. In thus sudden an 1 unexpected out-
bn akin favor o; define , by tho.e "O lately opposid
to them, 1 have deemed it my duty to b-iog forward
«•gain ilx. great < bject of ihe Western armory, and
was greatly flattered when I found the proposition
received with the general approbation ot the cham-
ber, it wtó adopted as an amendment to the for-
tifi -alion bdl without divkioe, and, as far as Í
could p-iccivc, without a di&sentins; voice This
was m our sta'e ot quasi committee, on Monday
last Out ru'es rtqu re the amendments adopted
m such couimi tee to be agree 1 to in ¡senate; and
I looked upon siich agreement, after what had hap-
pened, oS a mere natter ot course. What wa¿
my surprise, at the last mement, when the bill «as
ready ior the final que.iion, to see this amendment
objected to—lo see the objection seconded by lac
Sena'or from Kentucky, [Mr Clay,] and hear
bun declare in l,i, place, fA<¡¡ he would vote against
it with pleasure Taken by surprise at this unex-
pected and eltventh hour opposition, I have had
to avail myself of th- adjournment to look up the
reports upon this subject, and now come prepared
to show that this measure is ca >ed for by pub ic
considerations, as well as by a sense of justice to
the Western country. I have found masses oi
these reports, but shall only quote irom one of
Senate.
them, being the last which has come from the War
Department, and exhibiting the confirmed opinions
of that official source. Ius, the report of tbe Ordnance
office, of January 18, 1836, on the call of my col.
league [Senator Linn] for information on this in-
teresting subject. The Colonel of Ordnance
(Bomford) says, in answer to the inquiry, "It {s
the decided opinion of this Department that the pié-
lie interest call> fur such an establishment;" and then
goes on lo give his reason for this opinion. In do-
ing this, he says.
"To show the necessity for such a measure, it is deemed suf
ficientbnefiv to recapitulate that, from the most authentic re
turnsm this office, themihtiaof the Western States constituted,
in 1832, more than one third oí the whole number m the Union'
and it their rapid increase during the twenty two yeais pre'
ceding that date, be taken as a rule for the future, they will, at
the end of the succeeding twenty two years, fully equal the
militia of all the oth^r States, and furthei, when it is consi
dered that the expense of manufacturing arms in the West
cannot be greatei, and will, no doubt, be Jess than the present
cost at th*1 national armories, and that all those annually riistn
buted to the militia of the West are now subjected to a heavy
charge for transportation across the Alleghany mountains, it is
mamiest that, from motives of economy, an armory sufficiently
extensive to manufactuie, annually, one third as many arms as
aie made for the Government on the seaboard, should be ebta
blfohed in 'he West, for supplying the militia of the Western
States "
Here, sir, said Mr. B. are good and sensible
reasons given ior this great western establishment
and which have become stronger with all the time
which has since elapsed The milma of the West
has increased more rapidly since ihe year 1830,
that they ever did before. Constituting the one
third ot the militia oí the Union at that time, they
will amount to more than one half in the year
1850, and will go on increasing afterwards in a
ratio Iff uemparalleled speed It will require
several years to construct such an (.stabhshment
as we propose; t>nd t..e probability is tbat, by the
time it is in fair operation, the militia of the West
will b; the half of ihe militia in the Union Is it
reasonable that this rmss o! men should be de-
dendtnt for iheir arms on two remote establish-
ments, barely sufficient tosupply the demandof the
Atlantic States? Is this reasonable? The expense
ot transportation is very properly mention-
ed as an item to be taken into ctnsideration;
and lo this may well be added the difficulties and
impediments to this,transportation, which must of-
ten be fatal to prompt or regular deliveries, and
(.specially in time ot war. A mountainous region
to be crossed—frozen canals and rivers in ihe win-
ter, low water in the summer and autumn: such
are the impediments which embarrass and en-
danger the punctual arrival of arms. Two or three
months in ihe year is the only period to be relied
upon for thi* transportation, and it is the only one
to be relied on m time oí war. How absurd tbat
New Orleans slxuld be dependent upon the arrival
of arms from Boston for her defence from invasion '
A position on ihe Mississippi above, is the quarter
to which she should look, both for arms and the
mass of iho^e who are to use them.
The report goes on to say:
"the pioper location of suchan ai mory is a very important
consideia ¡on, and here 1 would dit>ti ictly state, that the prima
íy object m view is pi eduction, which involves the piovidm 
ot maiemls for the mauulaoture, and the powei to be usee?
whelhei It oew.-tei oi steam The proportion between the
materials and the manufa tured anna is about as twenty two to
one, that is, twwiiy two tons ol materials are consumed in
malm,one ton wught ofmuikets, huice the necesaaiy facili
ties lot tianspoitatlon are highly impoitant for procuring ma
ttilals, a  Wi.ll a^ lot distributing the arm  to the stales Ihe
gtíü¿iaphical centre of the tiact ot countiy m ihe West, to be
sopplled with aims, is found on the Mississippi, n ar the mid
die ol fie v,es„etnboundary of Tennessee The centre, as re
sards puptilation, is piobably m the Omo, near the mouth of
tie Wdbisli but this centie is now Constantly m iving west
ward and, uinsldeiing the íapid and extraordinaiy stndes
making by the Western Stales,, m the increase of population
and taut ties aflord<-d by the nansa 100 ol our steamboats
thintighout nearly all the yew, ascending the Mississippi more
thai two thousand miles, without nialenal linen upturn, there
apptir hule doubt that atnoveiy temoie peilod, the centre of
populitiun will he mund at some ¡ on t on that nvei above the
Ohio '
Mr B. said die first part of id's extract touched
the question oi tne proper place for the location of
this armory. That was a oomt which the amend-
ment he proposed most careful y av. ided It had
been the stumbling-block on which many previous
propositions ior tbe armory had miscarried, and
which must be fatal to it again if attempted here.
The moment you attempt to fix it in the bill, every
member irom the West rises, and proposes a site
withm his own State. Every one voles for his own
