220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEJ
July, 1841.
27th ConG""1st Sess.
Fortifica'ion Bill—Mr.  Steenrod.
H. of Reps.
The gentlemen now m power, and pruposing ro
raise so mach mouey by loans and taxe , Have
taken up the object of the public defence":; and m
that they do well. But they would have done
better not to have opposed those defences, when
we had a surplus of forty millions, they will do
better now to give  p their scheme ot loans and
taxes, and distributions, and apply the public land
revenue to that purpose, and th*y wdl do noihmg
right on the subject unless their scheme of defence
embraces all parts oflhecountrj—tne West as wll
as the East Tne g^eat West need  arms, and the
means of defence. New Orl ans, her great com-
mercial emporium, is dependent upon her; mint
merable tribes of Ind ans are on her border; to the
North she joins, the British dominions, and she has
a serious question with the British in relation to the
Columbia nver. All the reasons which rf qu.re a
prudent people to prepare ijr war, and by pre-
paring, perhaps avoid it, all these reasons now
apply to us. To ssy nothing of things too
well known to require repetition here, I ad
vert to a recent circumstance rf port°ntous
character—the appointment if Lord Mmmtceshd to be
Governor Gtneral of Canada' Tne last steam
packet brought tne news of this appointment, and,
certainly, no news-, short oí a declara! on of wat,
could be entitled to our mote «t nous c mcern
That nobleman is the peer who m ihe Hou ¿ of
Lords, in the month of February lav, rot only
went for w.sr wi h the Uní ed Sta es, if McLeod was
not released, but for a war of the most humble
character—such as t^e civilized world has not seen
—and whien fill the mind with horror and indig-
nation. He declared b'inselt m favor oí excit ng
our three millions ol slave- to insurrection, and uf
raising all the Ind.an tribes against us He de
clared himself also m favor of bursting our finan-
cial paper system, to wh oh lean takt no objection,
for if we are insane enough to test our finances on
a paper fabric, the level /. r working or destroying
which is in London (ard oí r pioject of a Fiscal
Bank shows us to b'just that insane), if we aie
mad enough for this, it is the fair right of
ourenemtes, to avail themselves of that fol y But,
with roped to the other two branches of his mode
of waifare, I not only object to them, but invoke
the execration of Chriotendom upen them. He
wilt raise-against us all the Indian tribes—tribes
who have no quarrel with uc—who are living un-
der oui juiistlicgion—'u whom w  are paying
above six hurdied thousand dollars of anrmit}—
and whom he would set upon us as mare destiot-
ers, lo massacre our women, children, and helpless
old men Where was the «pint of the eider Wil-
liam Pitt when ¡his atreciou sentiment wi=s utter-
ed in the Bun h House oí LoidW that Earl of
Chatham «hose íiiuynant rebuke chaMi&td tie
Earl of Su hx for i> similar sentwi cut above
fifty years «yo, aud anostroph i d Inn ss the de-
generate son utilise ancestors indignantly frowned
upon him fro n the la.ie.try on the walls Wh( re
was th* spmtot that great Commoner (sunk n'o
a peer) when 'he Lord Mot-nu ishtl reputed in s
sentiment, and rggravatcd it b/ the aidi
tion oí a p'opisid ik^'o insurrection—by
the coms neu honors of servile and savage
warfare1 Ne^rc s.-.dhd iv-— avis u¡ion their
masters, and sa^a,,' s i p i t.ieir a ignb r —1< the
war wtvüi hi prop.ses, and th l u¡ on thoce who
divid' bio )d, 1 injuag^. a> d ihi„i >n with r,i  , and
this war to a.e p e it McLcod is not released
Well. McLtud is n< t released' and this man is
Governor Utne «ti o Crnai'a1 ihe man who is
for war, and for sue . a wa' as 1 have, sr.^wn, ih s
man is sen^ to g ;trn th = Bntish dominions ad
jomir^ ¡ uis—most d imi'iiuf s ftti'cliar co'eimi-
üous with oar o vi fro ji ihe At hiiüc to die Pacific
—and wh c i an no* he woik nop e> Abolition
ists, the rer d z/ous of iwel/e tin u p^d fug.uve
slaves, and he e? un¿ p nt or li ii<" Northern
Indians ¡Tius is in it i ior h<- w h le Urn >u to re
fleet upon, and, a . r ihe «iouiu, let m. o íe there
forget that the ma sace oí San D im n°-o «as hatch-
ed in London, and by «o ue (an, t cs in Paris, bef-
styled Les Ji nis its Not s—the F lends of the Blaclts
A far more formidable band are now at work m
that same London, to give our Southern States a
new edition of the Saa Domingo massacre. A peer
of the realm avows himself for it, upon a contin-
gency which ¡íes occurred, and tb'S peer is to be
sent to the spot, and armsd with the povver which
is fitted to the accomplishment of his plan. Under
these circumsiances, the duty of preparation for
foreign war, domestic insurrection, and savage
a?gression, becomes imperious and irresistib'e. It
is our duty to prepare, and one of the prepatattons
now to be made is, 'o e ratli-h that national armory
in the Great West, which the public good and the
rights of that sec ion equally demand
SPEECH OP MR. STEENROD,
OF VIRGIMA
ft  the House of Representatives, July 16, 1S41— On
(be bill No 8, reported  by  the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr Cl.anrcn, I do not design to detem the
committee long by the remarks which I intend to
make on the bill un Jer consideration The ab'e
i>rgument made against it on last evening by my
colleague [Mr. Wise] hai not been answered, and
that is sumo e,it to warrant and ju tifv the opposi-
t on it wll here meet. Bat, sir, as I design to vote
against this bill, 1 wish to say to the gentleman
from New Yo k [Mr FrRsis,] who has just taken
his seat, that I do i ot oppose this bill because I
come from the interior of the country, und try
constituents hre distant from the point rf probable
invasion, and when these appropriations are to be
expent eJ, and I will say <il^o to that gentleman
that I wiU not be so uncharitable as to suppose that
he votes for ih s bill bi cuse he comes from a sec
fon of country where a large poition of this mo-
ney is to be expended, if appropriated No, su, I
hope and believe he is actuated by more lofty and
laudable considerations than these I refer to this
only as an il'ustration, to show that if the motives
ot those who oppose this bill are to be scrutinized,
thise of certain othergenfl'tnen aie not entirely be-
jond suspicion But I believe, as Í before re-
marked, that no member on this fl >or could be in-
fluenced by such considerations. No, sir, let me
say to that gentleman, that when h s constituents
shall be threatened with invasion from a foreign
power, distance from the point oí invasion will
not shield those whom I have the honor to iepre-
sent from exposure and danger, fi r, at the first
swell of the trumpet, at the first roar of the cannon,
the genüem~n will find my const.tjenls arrayed
with Lis, a^ the bre?stworkto ourconmoncouHtry,
whenever and wherever it may be attacked.
Mr. Ciairman, many of the friends of this bill
have been phased to mount the wir-hor<e, as if
they weie Willing to march this hill hrough the
Hjust, under Ihe sound of the fife and drum
Now, sir, l a'ii one of those nho have nj fears of
a war wui¡ En-Wand Eigl?nd declare war against
Am lie.*1 For «hai? Because one ot our State
courts, m obedience to the State 'aws, has held o
trial an Eig'ishman, who ha  tauntingly and bold
ly avoued that, at tbe hour mcbt, he entered rur
teruiory, murdered our 5 itizens, burnt our proper-
tv, .aid consignei the wreck to the waters of the
Niaaara— one who has putbim'clt beyond the «ym-
1 ,uhy of all eivilired society b> the violation of
Uw and the fep city of his crime • England justi
iy it by a declaration of war! Sip, I know biu lit
tie of England beyoid what 1 have learned ir. m
her history, but that little has induced me to be-
lieve that, wh n Ci gknd gees to wai, it is with a
hip lei aim tnan in s— t is for tiade, plunder, or
ertiput, and I think he history of ihe Revo'ution
and lha ot the late war pie yet .oo fresh in her
recollection lo tPeouratc ihe hope to gain mudi by
« war with America Engla.id then <vill act on
her pol cy, and he knows that, in tbe event of a
war with America the consequence would be, to a
g.eat extent, a suspension of h r comrserc and
laber, ¿rd .hat a rebellious clamor would n^e from
her workshop , her manufactories, and her mer-
chant vesseis, tin* would throw her empire into
the most coavulstve spasms She knows that a
powerlul and formidab'e party is now struggling
to revolutionize the entire internal policy of her
Government, upon principles that must bring
the extremes of society into the most angry and
deadly conflict.   She knows that Ireland, long suf-
fering Ireland, under the stings of an outrageous
fortune, under the enduring wtongs of ages, is
heated to the point of a slumbering volcano, and
may have resolved no more to raise hcr imploring
hands, and send up her subject-like petitions; but
to seek relief by an appeal to the sympathies of the
civilized world, and the gallantry that has on so
many occasions distinguished the warm hearted
sons of Erin. Yes, she knows that a distinguished
champion of Ireland has said, "ihe rights of Ire-
land- free trade, or------, and the rest is written
over the touch-bole of the cannon" And she
knows, toa, that the troubled spirit which conduct-
ed the recent msufecuon in the Ganadas is not yet
quie'ed, that the b ood of her patiiots-, shed upon
tbe scaffolds, is not yet drj, that the dungeons yet
darken with the lingering rtcollec'ion of the crowd-
ed presence of her sons. England'), eye rests on
these pjrtentous admonitions in her own sky, and
knows well—very well—thatrm tbe event of a war
with Ame'iea, the forces that she might precipitate
upon us, at the first snap of the flint, and the first
flash of powder, might he imperiously required at
home to quell th« insurrection, or stay the ravages
of a revolution in her own empne. I am not, then,
sir, to be alarmed, and in luced to \ ote for this ap-
propriation, by these een lemen on their war-
hones, and the reputed report of their couriers
that the Bntith lion is growling r et him
grcsl on, he has no terrors for we But, su,
let the President intimate his fears of a wai,
let lira but intimate that hostile British
fleets may soon be on the ocean; that the
redcoa's may soon be moving around our bor-
dei, let him but íntivate that this appronnation
may be necessary by tkeprobabihnj of a war, then I
will surrender my own convictions and opinions,
and go as far as he who will go the farthest in
making appropriations for the public service, and
putting the country in a state of defence to meet
such an emergency.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have been informed, in
the course of this debate, by one [Mr. Mallory]
whose position enables him to understand this
question much better than I do, and one for whose
clear head and sound principles I hav«|the utmost
respect, that this appropriation is necessary, and
should now be madi. I will not endorse the charge
of the member from Georgia, [Mi. Dawson,] who
said thatjmy colleague [Mr Mallohy] was always
clo.e-fisted in raising means, but whenever the
means were to be expended on the navy or fortifi-
cation" he lost sight of every consideration in his
attachment to these favorite objects But I wish
to iay to my colleague that he should recollect we
are uowina WhigCongres —a "reform" Congress,
and that we were promised to be taught something
new in the science of Government—to reduce and
Tet.ench the expenses of the Government, and still
fully and justly sustain all its many great merest--.
Does this bill propose to redeem and carry
out this pledge to us, the people, and the
country? Heretifore, when we bad a surplus
revenue in our Treasury, the income from the
lands and the customs was much greater than
now. A di-tipguished Senator [Mr Benton] in the
other end of the Capitol, submitted a proposition (m
tune of peace to prepare for war, in the day of
plenty to prepare for the day of scarcity, <<nd to ar-
rest me spirit that had ¡hen seized on ti e public
mind tor plundering the public granary) to appro-
priate a sum about equal to what would be placed
under the control of the Dtpartment by this b.U
for the defence of .he country. What, ihen, was
the respons" to tms proposition by the now entire
Whig party1 "Away, away with it; we will have
none or tt1" Plunder, plunder, wa. then the ob-
ject The argument then was, that the money
could not b- safely aid pmdently expended. It
wis not wi«e to put such an amount of surolus at
the control of one of th  deoartmen s of the Go-
vernment—ra her give this surplus means to the
States—return it back to the pockets of the people
for their use, until required for the defence of the
coun'rv We rere then assured that this enlarg-
ing of our peace establishment did not accord *'uh
the genius of our mvtitutions—-that it did not be-
come us, as Republicans, to impose a long list of
officers on the country during a series of years of
