ni            _______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________August, lg4T.
2fnt Cong.- "1st Sess.                                          Fiscal Bank—Mr. Archer.                                                                       Senate.
Harrison, who received the nomination at Har-
nsburg for the first office in the Government, had
repeatedly expressed hts conviction ihat a Bank
of the United Sta es was unconstitutional, and
quoted his leaer to Sherrod Wi"tams, and his
speech at Dayton Mr B then said, that with the
evidence belore-him, he expressed it as hi  delibe-
rate conviction, that General Harrison was op-
posed to a Bank of the Un ted States, and he knew
that there were thousand-, who supported General
Harrison, under the belief that he was opposed 'o
such ¡an ins ítution
Mr R after contending that the issue of Bank
or no Bank was not before the country at ihe last
Presidential election, replied   at  length to the al-
ternatives which   Mr    Clay  said  the President
might have taken,   rath r tnan  apply the veto
power.    Firs', lie repelled the idea that the Presi
dent should have kep^the bill ten days, and allow
it to become a law, thus skulking from rcspmsi
bility, and asked what the Senator had ever seen in
John Tyler to   suppose that he would act so un
worthy of himself andáis native Stae1!    No, sir,
the President,  m that feailevs spirit of truth and
candor which had evereharac enzed him.hadboldly
stepped forward to protect and detent! the Constitu
tion. John Tyler was, not the man to shrink from re-
sponsibility.   He would do hw duty to his God
and his country, fearless of any consequences that
might ensue, fnd as a   Virginian he felt pround
of the course the President had taken, and thank-
ed God that he was ready to take the responsibili-
ty of any act his consci-nce dictated.   He was
. proud to say for the President that that alie native
never for a moment entered into hii mind, and he
i    trusted   that  he   never   should   ^ee   a   son   of
that   Ancient  Dominion,   from   which  he   de-
rived   his   birth,   influenced  by  such    unwor-
thy    motives       As    to    the   oth^r    alternative
of resigning, tne gi nt'emin roust krow thv  the
President wis a i in lepen lent branch of ihe Go-
vernment as well as Cjngirss, aid was not cal d
upon to re ign, because he differed in opinion witi
them.    He was to look to their common con titu-
ency, the people of ihe bnued Stales, and had as
much right to interpret their will as a co ordirata
branch of the Government    The ca e was diff 
rent wuh President Tyler wtien he reigned bis seat
in the Senate    The Legislature of Virginia, ac-
cording to the Virginia doctrines, was the consti-
tuency of Senator Tyler, and he was bound to
obey them or res gn      No* Mr II ventured ih°
opinion that the people of ill* United States w nld
be   more  likely   to«approve   P( lu'iit   fvlei's
course than thit rf the  two IIoi« s oí O ii"ie s,
with whom be diffind    Mr It  pf  r si-    king 01
General Han son', opinions on tht   veto power,
and the numbei ol cases in i hioh PiesidfntM.li
son exerci edit, refeired o ihe miimatioi «ívnly
the Stnalor from  Ken uckv that ihere would be
another trial to m?k   iBank    He advised the S
nator to pet ol that measure till the next  ex on
Every thing at the present juncture was a ainst i ,
and he did m t think it woul I b- sine 10W  by   >
public opinion     Though he wou'd ch tili lly a,ive
his support to any mca uic that was constituí ona',
and  calculated  to b>. of public beneli ,  yet  1 e
did not btliete that any measure of tne kind co i 1
be matured and  pas<ed  at  this lat  period of ihe
session, woin our,  as m-mb rs were, both in b dy
and mind, in a  ^rotrACted ar 1 laonriou? sess¡ m m
the dog days     He wi uld ad/i e the gentleman to
perpetrate no more experiments upm the Turren^
but wait for some decide' express on oí   pub e
opinion on the subject
Mr CLAY rejoine i in n second speech (whirl 
became unusually impassioned tow rd t^e close,)
and m wb ch h  warmly repelled the itn'Mifticn
of having ? lacked the Precilent, or chareed him
wuh treachery He i !vetted to their lonp per onal
friendship, declarei it to be usioip^irrd b> wmt
had transpire , and his desir" for its long continu-
ance, but adverted to a rumor of the existence of
a certain cabal, which claimed to be the President's
friends par excellence, and who surrounded ai-d
sought to guide him as a sort of second Kitchen
Cabinet—whose object was the dissolution of the
AVhig party, the dissolution of Congreso, anc] a
change m the whole face of the affairs of the
pountry.   Those might whisper suspic.ons m!o his  
ears, ard en^ea or to pour poison m'o his h-art,
with a view io si^arate him from Mr C If the
President «hould chooie, though Mr C was su'e
hecou'dnot to lend Ins ear to su-h advisers, ard
to separate mjiseif fro in him, he shou'd deeply re-
gret it for the sake of their conrn n couitr
Mr RIVES replrd at lenrth to Mr C ins «ting
that notwithstanding his qualifications, h,s speech
was a severe and unwanantatl  at ack on the
Piesident ot the Uni ed Sla'es In ti° course of
his remarks, Mr R said that h" had heard, and
knew noihtig of the cabal to which the Senator
from Kentucky a'!udt.d, hu. he had heard rumors
of an organ zed legislative d c atorsh p, sending
deputations from this Capitc' to the President of
the United States to bring him io terns, and teicn
him hw duty Now he d d not p'etend to vouch
for the truth of this rumor, but he would say that
there wa«;asmuehfoundatH nfontasf r h< on<?that
(he Strator from Kentucky hid giren As for
ihe rumor that there w^s a cibal 'o brta't <-p fie
Cabinet, he knew nothing of >t The Pr^silent
nims lfwas the best judge of these matteis He
knew best ihe spi timents o' th" distirgmsbrdg n
tlemen around mm, a ! knew how f i t1 en opi-
nions coincided with h s, and the harmony of the
Cabinet could be preserved It was for him and
not for any cabal to decide when t was neecssiry
to break up the relations sabs ting betwepn him
self and hi' cibinet He would set the Sena-
tors mind at lest on ore point, and tnat wait,
that so far from being one of that cabal, to
break up the Cabinet, which so haunted his i<na-
gma'ioi, he never haa the slightest idea of a Cibt-
ret appointment, md never would accept one if
offered His highest ambition was to be the repre-
sentative ot the old unternfied Commonwealth on
tnat floor Afier some farther remarks from Mr
Rivís,
Mr CLAY mido -ome observations in reply,
disclaiming any knowledge ol the or ai iz^d le  s
idtive di  iitnr h pt) which Mi  R alluded
Mi ARCHER, in risin- on the p estnt oca
sun, lid not mte-d to enter into a di cuss on on
the subj«>"t oí ihe President's message He f*ou<;ht
en ugh had been said on the subject by the two
Senators who had preceded him, and was di posed,
foi 1 is pirt, to l t the question be taken without
any more d bate His-object 11 r irg was to cail
the attention of the Senator from Kentucky to a
certa n portion of his rumirks, m which he hoped
ile Ser-t r, upon itflectioi would see, that the
h cms; ns d b h in h?d be n t o h^rsh His
h tni tole r it li 1 <r m Ken i."W hi I hi en occ-
m n to a p'y some very 1 irsh. (mservations to the
■ oiituciol cer in pt i* win b sip o ed haJ
lasti it d h Piesicrt I n U i t^c1 " a es in ih*
cm            «I iik^n n tfgard       i1 " b I   'or ch?r
term - tbe Fisc il Bank oi tie UnrtdSae      Tin
h( íorih e Sern or tr ok ocps rn  to disc! i i   any
allusi n  to  his c V afi>,   [Mr   Rive-]  and It
w ltd sa   Vo'chinl th>'he krte    tV Honorable
Senaw i would exe^ot him al o.
Mr ClAYsiid, rcrtanl    s -
Mr ARCHER  Hewon d«aj,lo    vei.t^itih
renaik   of ih1- Sen i o , ¡Jars^ o.s «^ j mtp, night
well be c jds rued  i    bivng  alii t  'o   lis  cc-
leagu - n   he o h r  House     He (*vli    A)  di
chirjclnon re man ihe  r'n'y vth ch h« kne v his
h norib'-'cill i-u o m th" other Hoiut w >w d Un-
charge to* an.1  h m wer  in offens ve a lusion   up-
p *cd to be made to h m whe «It coil 1 not de   n 1
h ms^tf  o ask foi the homnble Stnat r  to m k
sjm  <l ^'sim*    s  egir'cd th-n
M    fL'Yiir  sail, ro, no
M- AROtirR    jih-w   (Iso'tVSciatoi wre
"A   ot, v     "\ , &   '  piflgan  cola ' \ iict t*-e
Se iat< r a!    d    «i  d   s a K t htn CVi net bad
'UTO i" 'id te P tsiden1, a d \vei« enleavonnt  to
tu p ou'  t*-   pr s^nt Cabiatt    No   , v *o w uld
thepQbh"s>ipotse to  be  that lo y a"d   nfrmous
ciba 1  VtTou it ihe p-otde of t>-e United Sf 'e-> sup-
pos" it to be -omposod of any other thin those vho
were sent hpre b} the peiple to represent them m
Congress^   He asked the Seiator from Kentucky
to say, in tint spirit of candor and  f-anknets
which always eharvtcizea hrn, who he meant by
that caúal, and to disclaim any alius on to his col-
leagues in the other House, as he had done for his
colleague and htmselt m. this body.                          J
Mr CLAY sa d, if the honorable Serator would
make an inquiry of him, and stop at the inquiry,
without going on to mike an argur ent, he would
answer him He had said this, and hp wou'd te-
p<Mt it, and make no disclaimer—'bat certain gen-
tlemen, professing to b" ihe fr end5:, par excellence,
of the President Oi ihe United States, bad put thpni-
selves in opposition to all the leading measures of
his Admmi nation He *aid that rumo, s'a ed that
? cabal was foimed, for ihe purpc se of breaking
down the p esent Cabinet and forming a new one,
and that that cabal dil not amount to enough 'o
make a corporal's guatd He di] not say who 'hay
were, but he sptke of rumor onl>. Now, hewpuld
ask his friend from Virgin a [Mr ArchTpr] if he
never 1 eard of tnat rarooi' If the gentleman
would tell him that he i evei heard of that rumor, it
would give him some clain"? 'o an answer.
Mr ARCHER confessed that he had heard of
snch a rumor, but he never heard ef any evidence
io support it
Mr. CLAY I repeat it here, in the face of the
country, that there are persors who call them.
"elves, poj excellence, the friends of John Tylei,
and yet oppose all the leading measure-? of the Ad-
ministration of John Ty er I will <ay thit the
gentleman himself is not of ihat cabal, and that hi,
colleague is not Farther than that, thw deponent
sanh not, and will t ot saj.
Mr ARCHER The gentleman has not advert-
ed to the extreme harshness of the language he
emplry d when he was first up, and he would ap-
peal to gentlemen present for the correctness of the
version h- (Mr A ) had given ot it The gen'le-
man said there was a cab^l formed—a vile Kitchen
Cabine —low and infamous, who surrounded 'ha
Piesident and msiigated mm to the course he had
taken That was the language erap'oyed by the
honorable Senator Now suppose language such
is his had been u«ed in the ulh t br nci (f th'
Nu. lonal Lf gislaiure, which m ght be supposed to
reler to him, (Mr A ) where he had notan oppo -
tumty of defending hiTself, what would be the
course of his colleagues there? The course of
tho e high minded and honorable men there to-
ward him, would be similar to that he hid tak°n
in. rrgard to them
Mr. CLAY Mr Pres dent, did I say one
v ord about the co leagues of the gentleman? I said
there was a cabal formed for the purpose of break-
ing down the pre*ent cabinet, and that that cabal
did not number a corporal's guar!, but;I dil not
say who that ralil was, and do not m an to be
n enoga ed Any member on th s fi r Ins a
ng t to asir mc it I allud d to him, but nobody
e'se has   I sorke ofiumor on y
Mr ARCHER -uJ a few word but hp
was not heard dh> ítictiy enoug i to be repoited
Mr CLAY Í said no ¿uch thing. I «aid there
was a rumor—'oat public fame had stated th>t
there was a cabal formed for the purpo e of ¡e-
moving the cabinet, and I ask the gentleman it h"
h<i  not h°ari rf tb.ot rumor'
Mr ARCHER, t er so-ne remarks too lo v to
bp heard in the g<i 1 -y, sa,(j n nao not lne words
th" gertlerain ha1 quoted to which he itferred
it wa  the ifmm of th" gen'!em*.n that there was
a low and infa roio coai—a vde K t„hen Cabi
let—and the "entleman knew that to Ms vie 
therp could not be a mo™ odious phrase us^d in.  
K chen Cabinet—?nd tnat it wai taeoc cp^es
si< ns that 1 e w -,ned un e pl¡>nauon of
Mr RERR'EN sai itta«tre c ocurren op
nun of ail the S natois arourd hi^o, that the Ceno,
tor froui Kentucky ha 1 «pokenofthe cabal as a
rnnor, aid airo i">nin« luhnte ova kn
'edge He hope I th  Senator u ou'd undeistand
him in rising to makr this explanation
Mr AR ,HE8?a dhe wsglad to ^ear me clís-
ela ver mVe by ih° gentleman irorn G o gia,
and he would therefire s t down ur-uertrue com ic
tton thtuhegpntlemn fiom K " ucky had mad 
no such blow ?t his colleagues of the other House,
as hs had supposed
Tne question was then taken arew on the pis.
sage of the bill, and decided by—-yeas 25, navs24,
and, there not being the constitutional majonty ot
two thirds in its favor, it was finally rejec ed
• The Senate then, after an exhausting session of
seven hours, adjourned.
