July, 1841.
"27m CoNG-"-lsr S&t>&.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
Duties and Drawbacks—Mr. Mlherton.
mencing December, 1837, the irse regulalirsessim
of Congress under that Administration.
Toe exp nditures, then, as stated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, m Doc No. 31 oí this session,
and als« by the honorable chairman ot the Com-
mittee of Wajs and Means, were, in 1837, ihe first
year of the last Administration, (the appropria-
tions andtr which they were authorized having
passed at the last se-sion of General Jackson's Ad-
ministration)             -             -            - $31 610,000
The expenditures oí 1838, which were
ihe first authorized by any appro-
priations made under the late Ad-
m mstration, were - - 31,544,000
In 1839, the expenditures weie - 25 443 000
In 1840, they were - - 23,389 000
Here -va a reductior ot expecdituiei, from
1838 to 1839, of $6 000,000, and a further reduc-
tion, from 1839 i<. 1840, of $3,000,000—in two
years, a reduction, in annual expenditures, of
$9,000 000' Now, sir, mall faur.ess, lei me ask,
under the obstacles whici have been aliuded to,
eould an/ Adm mstration have effected more in
the way of retrenchment? Consideung hiw
difficult it is at tnce to bring down a sjstein of
Urge and extensive appropriation , it ¡s not sur.
prising that so much cou d have been effected?
But this is i ot all. The ¡ate Executive submitted
the estimates, and the last Congre s made the re-
gular appropriations lor this piestnt year (1841)
Tne extent of expenditures proposed, finder iSosj
estimates and appropriations, was, §20,000,000,
whic i involved a still further reduction, from lb40
to 1841, of $-2,000 000 And it was deemed by
them that, ¿iter the effecso' those years ot expaa-
  sion already adverted to bad passed a v, y, me ex-
penditures anually ought not to exceed $17,000 000
or #18,000,000—$18 000 000 being the utmort ex-
tern. Mr A then referred to pjssiges i>om ihe
annual reports of the ¡ate Secretar" of the Trea-
sury.
Extract fioin the annual lepoit of Mi Secietary Wood
bin y of December, 1839
"Consideringthese encuu stances, and in" severe simplicity
andfrugahty befitting a republic, what amount oí public ex
penses is necessary7
' in lb31, it was calcula'ed that the ordinary expenses of the
Genera! Government need not exceed fifteen millions oí dollars
The undersigned expressed an opinion four or ñve years after
wards, that sixteen 01 seventeen millions would then be sutil
cieot, and he still believes that notwitrntan fi g the continued
mrcease of oui population and t\ealtn, they-mlgV, with pru
dence be limited to eighteen millions in 1840 and, peihaps
after the expnation of m st of the present pensions, and the íe
moval of the rest of ttie Indians, be ful some tune dumms'is 1
still lower "
In th" annual Treasury rep >rt of December,
1840, the b"li^f was sta ed "that the ordinary ex-
penses of 1841 oi ght to fall some mil'ions below
those of 1840 " The following passage is also
found in that report:
"The arguments in favor of some further diminution in our
expendituies, and the general items in which the reduction is
considered mos compatible with the public lnteiesls, were so
fully exhibited in the last two annual repeits as to render a re
petition of them unnecessary It was then believed that the
laws could be altered so as to admit of safely cuitailing the ap
propnations at once, to such an extent that the expenditures
need not exceed 11 the aggregate, seventeen ot eighteen mil-
lions yearly Aftei more of the pensions terminate and the re
moval of the Indians is compeled they could be beneficially
contracted to syenZ"ss than that ainount Such a reduction
as is, first advened to seems therefore proper to he. adopted
now, since it could be effected without thepiobabihty oi lnjmy
to any useful national estab lahmen , woul 1 promoie public iui
galihty, and supetoede the necessity either of h sha Units, di
rect taxes, oi permanent debts '
We have tne iac-i, as rus b"en remarked, 'hat the
estimates made by ihe late Administration lor 1841
were only $19 250 000, ai d ihe appropriations te-
tween $18 000,000 and $19 000,000, so that, had
the late Adimnistiatioti c u'iauíd 11 power, it is
fair to conclude that the expenses for the s eat
would not have < xc eded $20,000,000, and furlher,
that for the remaining three years of ihe *crm, the
expenditures would not, at most, have averaged
more than $18 000,000 annually. This cannot
reasonably be doubted. We have the r proposi-
tions to that effect, to wh.ch thev were pledget1,
and we have the irre« stible and undeniable fact of
successive and most important r ductuns from
year to 5 ear, to prove both their disposition and
their ability to bring nbout this result Th^se suc-
cessful efforts at retrenchment pan no ¡ongei be
disputed; for the statement of the present Secretary
of the Treasury, repeated and endorsed by the ho-
aorable chairman oí the Committee of Ways and
II. ol Reps.
Means, places them beyend the reach ot cavil
fiom any quarter And it is wor.hy of remark,
that in the year 1840, the expenses of which are
now ad,rutea to have been on y $22,389,000 the
country was ringing with charges of extravagance
against tie Arimmistratun fiom tnose who, now in
power, tilk of a sum between $27,000,000 and
$28,000,000 asa measuieof average annual ex-
penditure for tee four current years!
. As the act ot March 2, 1833 commonly called
the compromise a< t, goes inu full opsratton on the
1st of July, 1842, thereby causing a reduction of
probably about0,5,000,000 m the du'ies on imports,
u was expected thai some measures might become
necessary to proving agar, t that emergency Mr. A.
would ntxtinquiie  hat,sofar as we can no  judge,
would nave been tut amount required by ihe )a>e
Administration to supply iha anticipated deficiency'
The report ot the late Seoietary ot the Treasury, ot
Januar, 19, 1841, communicating, m compliance
with a resolution ot the Sena'e, a p an of a perma-
nent chaiigt in the tatif}, nas been alluded to by the
gen leoiau from New Y rk. The Secretary there
staled:
' It lsbcheved that the i eduction in the dunes on impoiis,
which, by the existing tai lii, will take place in the year 1012,
cannot vaiy mué i hom five millions of dulkis fot reisons
issigned in the last two annual repoits on the hnances, the ex
pectations of the undersigned aio that, it tlie expenditures are
propeily t I seaso >ably d niuiished, i' villi not he wct.-,sa y
to lais all thio amount by tixation in my form líutshoul i
( ouííre&s think dilf icntly, and conclude to obtain it by tevis
nig the i resent laws in lelasiou to du tes, it is believed th-it
ceitain facts ttid piinciples are high v mi[ urunt tot conside
latí in in deciding what kind of a levision is tompetent itid
most appropriate
Tne «-e, oris suggests plans, by either ot wh ch
ihe h ghest sum -supposed to be recesar/ cou1' be
raised, vu- $5 000,000, anf proceeds as follows
If a psssiim than five millions should piove t) be needed,
(as it is } ic tuned will be the ct,3e, ¡m lei the tlimiru^ íe 1 e\
pendituies a id nieiejst.dluip i an m tn ici[ ttel t dexplam
ed in the ueetitt r i titlieuii ce we 1 a Ire m in liu
her almene in n ol i \tr e Uk lytihdijen iom the ue v
mole ot i ^ssiFihpttlu nl morion is ) niv eui able t v
diheations can be made in these detuls without depaitnie, liom
the ¡ nnciples believed to bf> the most apj ropmt to govern
the subject"
U ie>t a lea on?ble system of expendituii s, it is
e/d nt thatth s s* a it >5 000 000 raised adiual-
]/, in a ditan <o what \u I accrue td-di" exist-
ing U\«s, vouio hdVt oeen snfhoi nt, ui' i the pro-
ceeds or the public laiius, for Ihe wants í the Qo
verntnont
Suppose tne present iato«, continue 1 in opera-
tion for ihe £u>rent four years, would give annu
a'ly.....$11000,000
Additio ial ( nti s to be coilec'-d       -     5,000,000
Procetds of a,e pub'  lants              -     3 500,000
These amount to
$19,500,000
A sum adequate to the annual expenses of the Go
vernment, at the rate proposed by the late Admi-
nistration, and, m the lour years, to redeem all
outstanding Treasury note Bu (said Mr. A ) it
will b' remembered ih-st, previous to the late Pre-
sidential «ktiion, much was said about the iniqui-
ty of the late Adminisuali n in i ceasing the ex-
penditures, from the reasonable and p uper sum ot
thirteen mdlioiis nni uiily, up to an erormouj
a'-ioun!. Tne sum of thirteen millions annually
was htid up to ihe people as the iriF 'tardara ' f
tcunomv Ltt tbit sum, he'd up ts the stanCatd
bet^re the lection, bt taken ,s such now the ehc-
t on is pa=t, make some tempi rary p'vV uion for
tne ledemption of cj'standipg Trea ury notes, ie
tarn the proo eds ol lie mill c aid , tor the pur
¡ ose which they h..ve, up io ', s tiraa, answered—
that <f lessening th charges en ihe petóle for the
exp n es ot h" G- "'mrieii , and there s no n kí
of even raising the su!>i t|fiv, m>i'ions ?nnujllv,
in ad' uion to existing laws, bin those iaws kept in
opera ion w nld forrnsh all tha' coul' be r quirej
Tne t -tisting lavs would i ¡rnish annually, fir
•he current tour \ears, at least - $11000 000
annual reveuue from public lands -       3,500,000
tnty continued in power, and proceeded with the
retrenchments which they proposed, and on which
they bad so successfully entered, would have re-
quired, in addition to existing laws, only $5 000,000
annually—that is to say, they would have taxed the
people yearly, only in the sum of $15,000,000 or
$16,000000 Taking your proposed estimate of
annual expenditure of twent)-seven millions and a
hall, you must tax tne people of the country
more annually, by twelve milhout of dollars, than
would the late Adihimstraticn have done—an ex-
cess which, m four yea - , «ould amount to near
$50,000 000. The late Secretary o! the Treasury
estimand ihe deficit which would take place, under
exis ing laws, at five millions at most. The pre-
sent chairman ot lie Commutes of Ways and
Means, throughout his remarks, fixed it at eighteen
milUins—a yearly difference oí thirteen millions!
By this bill, you propose to raise five or six mil-
lions m< re aneually than the sum contemplated as
neci ssary >*y the late Administration. The sum
of five millions, proposed to be raised by the late
Secr-iary ot the Treasury, was proposed as a per-
manent measure, while this bil, with its increased
burdens, and its odious taxation on tea and coffee,
and other necessaries of life, is brought forward
men ly as a temporary measure, and is to serve
only as a stepping stone to suit further exactions.
But, Mi A said, considering the large sums re-
quutd ioi theexp-n-.es oí ihis year by ihe present
Secretary ot the Treasury, in his repoit, and also
the íondntss which so many gentlemen on this floor
ha\e for uhai they are pleased to call an enlarged
ana liberal Ceiistruct on of the Constitution, and re-
garding various other signs of the times—he veiy
much ieared that twenty-seven or twenty-eight mil-
lion's annually wonld not be ~e limit of expenses
under this retoiiomg Ad no s anon Neverthe
les lake die sjm ot ttvei tj- even nndions anda
i ul, wlinU is tie Ciilyannutl fstiioate he had
hear 1 picposed, ard what lollows? You are
obliged, eiiher to ie.it in debt—'o exceed the maxi-
mum of duty prom sed by >i e compromise act—or
to resort'o dtteci taitt'ioa You cannot raise the
amount necessaiy to supply your proposed expen-
ditures, witioui. the proceeds of the public 'ands,
and k t ft \u bin the ¡units ot me compromise. The
esttmat", bv the Stcretary, of annual imports, is
s,14ü,000 000. A duly oí 20 per cent, ad valorem
en lite whole imports would v teld, in gross revenue,
only ----- $28,000,000
Deduct the S crc'ary's estimate  tor
drawbacks at d expen.es oi collec-
toa, &c.    ---            -     4,250,000
The ainail amount would be - $14,500 000
vhtch would pay the expenses of $13 000,000 an-
nually, and leave an annual siup'j , to be ap-
plied to tne redemp'ion of Treasury notes, of
$1,500,000
The late Administration, as has been seen, had
There remains of annual nett revenue
only            -                                             23,750,000
Those gentlemen in favor ofa high protecuve la-
riff ar-* shrewd calculators, and they well knew this;
an ! this, he believed, was one consideration which
made the Distribution bill so great a favorite wnh
them That Uil, in it e'f, was a violation of the
spirt of the comprohuse This view had suggested
itself to the late Secretary of tie Treisury, m his
report to the Sena e, already al.uded to. He there
sajs
'Indeel the mfetence would <seem io be that the compro-
mise was inter ded to [ levert anv dudes from being assessed,
even itteits-l* e\i lesiviy f jr the ptupose of dlstiibution ot
piulecnoi whet ioi below or abo\e twenty per cent in
amout becm aeliuse in the tnird section próvidas that,
il et l-s42 ' in i, s sh til be laid lor the ¡ irpo«e ol raising such
?c( we dsmtv be necessorv to an tcouo meal administration
r the (. vfinmeni hut 13-< lent as lecogm nig or sanction
t \« m null n ty to do it Ioi anv othet puijose"
TK f,ei tl'inan from New York, in alluding to
lun Is i 1 wlili ihe last Admmi trattoa nad the
adtanvge, spoke of the sum oí $20,226,000 as-
h-iviM accrued, in the last four years, from ihe
pub1 c lands, ¿nd urged the lact that the ptesent
\di mis ra oh dl be deprived of that resmrce,
?s an ?rgumt,nt to show the necessity of raising
idditional revenue. "For," continued he, -'we
have passed an act restoring that fund lo the peo-
ple "' Sir, «aid Mr Athfrton, I deny th  propo-
sition ft theie is any clause or syllab e u that-
Drsíriou i  bill to give he pi-oce ds of the sa|cs
of those lands to the people, it hps not been my
good fortune to discover it The bill gives the
sum to the States, and not even to the States, in
the same amount in  which you will be obliged
