S4Ó
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLQBE.
July, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
property is yearly exchanged, and  m some  way
disponed of   To build and support a navy, money
is indispensable    To raise and support an army,
money is equally  necessary.    And  though   our
country may be involved in a war of the most dan-
gerous character, not a step can be tak"n to carry
it on, and conduct it to a favorable issue, withe ut
money    Our foreign relation* require large sums
of money; indeed, the whole operations of the Go-
vernment depend upon the command  of money
Is it reasonable to suppose that  this important
power was overlooked, or left imperfect, by those
wise and sagacious men who framed our Govtrn-
menti   No, Mr. President, such a stolidity never
came over that august convention.    By looking
into the Constitution, we readily find all the evi-
dence necessary lo convince a raü< na!  mind, not
only that great pains were taken to confer all the
necessary power on Congress to make a metallic
currency and standard of value for the people, but
the power was made c'ear and intelligible, and
cannot be tortured in o any thing (he    It is na
the business of a Legislature to increase or dimi-
nish the powers of the Constitution, or organic
law, but to ascertain what these powers are, con-
ferred by the people, in  whom the sovereignty
rests, upon their Government    If there is any
doubt, growing out of the imperfection   of Ian
guage usedm framing the Constitution,  or if any
obscurity or ambiguity exists, from  the ímp-rfect
manner in which it was expressed, there are dif-
ferent modes of ascertaining what was the  inten-
tion of those using the language    Cetemcoianeous
construction u, sometimes resorted to     Thooe who
lived at the time the instrument was framed,  and
put a construction upon it, are supposed  to  know
best its meaning     But if we are desirous of know-
in? whether the convention that framed  the Con-
stitution, intended to confer on Congress banking
powers, we have th" highest grade of evidence,
and that which cannot be mistaken—it is 10 be
found upon the journals of the convenuon that
framed the Constitution     L ok  into  them,    nd
there you find  the  fullest and most perfect evi
dence that it was proposed to confer on  Congiess
such a power, an 1 that it was rejected by almo t a
unanimous vote; and among the rest, the s ite «t
Connecticut opposed it    After finding  this posi-
tive and clear evidence upon tht j mrnab of the
convention, that no s-uch powei was granted, can
we look into the instrument for  the same power,
and by construction expect to find  it,  without ix-
ptcting to find at the same lime ai nicapaui)   did
stolidness in those great and cap.eiiiis mind   en
gaged in i', never helóte norsitu e imputed to th ml
That no two of thusi n ho hoi i ihat iht  power ex-
ists, on agree white n i —lo whu h of iht ex pie
powers it belongs, is s rong evidence ihat it  ores
not exist     Soni  hav looked for it und-r the p > -
or "to  regálale emmerc  win.   foreign   nat ons,
and among ii e several Slates, anl with the Indian
tribes "    And some have been bold enough 'o at
tempt to torlure mio a power to make paper  mo
ney, the power "lo com money, regulate ihc va lie
thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix   tie  standard
of weights and measures      But the most  re'iance
seems to have been, by the Supreme Crart, placed
upon th". provnoi 'to mike all laws when <-tia.il
be necessarj And proper toe carrying into  execu-
tion the foregoing powers, and  all o her \> \  rs
vested by this Constiiuuuii in the  Government o'
the United States, or in any department or oflie
thereof"
The Court sai', that the word nece smy, used in
this provision, do°s not mi an m<h$p*ns ¡ble, bui tint
if reference is had to its uae in the c >mnv n affairs
of the world, or in approved auihois,  f fin] tha
it frequently import- no more than tha1 oni thing is
convenient, or useful, or essential tnrm her. But
w this fair and just reasoning? M* Wpbsier, «he
is lhe latest ai i n st ipproved author, gives the
meaning of ih s word t'iu —"th t must be 'h-'t
cannoi be nberwise, indispensably rcqm te, litis
pensable, requisite, essential, that cannot be oiner-
wise without preventing the purnose intended, una-
voidable, acting fiom netessity or compulsion, op
posed to free " Now, do we fi id any such mean
mg attached to the word, as (he court have impu e 1
eon'    But suppose it was used frequently, as the
court say it wa°, which I thmk it is not, the ques
tion is, is tint its general use? if it is not, we have
no right to believe it was so used by the framers
of the Constitution. The granting of a Bank is
claimed by the court to be a contract with the indi-
vidúale to whom the charter is given, and by which
they are vested witn rights that cannot be taken
away from them The provision in the Constitu-
tion, upon which the court "o much rely, "to make
all laws," &a is very different from a power to
make a contract Every body kno-vs that laws
and contracts do not mean the same tame Laws
affect the who'e community, and are public, and
may be repealed st any time Contiacts convey
away righ's, and affect individuals, and are not pub-
lic, nor subjectto repeal. To repeal < contract would
be a novel expression, but not more so that to say,
to make a law meant a contract.
The power to incorporate a Bank is claimed to
bean implied po\ur, rcoulting fiom some one of
the express power , bat which of lhe express pow-
err it belongs  to we have not -yt-t found out    But
implied powers to incorporad bank*, I shall show
before 1 get through, stand upon the same footing
with express piwers, and th<t if there i  no express
power authorizing Cong'essto incorpora ea Bank,
there can be no implied power, and here seems to
be lhe great error committed, in suppo.ing that
there could be an implied power to make a corpo-
ration, while no express powe- was given t> Go-
vernment for that purpose    If an express power
was given, no implied power would be wanted
But if Congress have the power to incorporate a
Bank, it derives it fiom the  people, and whether
this is express or implied, it is immaterial, so far as
it regards  the right of Congress lo delegate this
power to others      Express  and implied  powers
Stan I on the same footing in this respect    Will
any one be bold enough to claim that the power to
com money, which is vested in Congress,  can be
dele'atei to individuals,  or to any body of men?
Oi will any one claim that C< ngress can  delegate
any p mer to others  which  is delegt led  ton''    If
C< ngnss can de'egaf  -ny power, it can all power,
an 1 so the pe< pie might have a set of representa
tives whom  they had never chosen, and,  whether
knaves or fools, qualified or unqualified they must
accept them, because their representatives had so
willed it     Congre s can neithei de egate a powei
which it possesses,  nor can it delegate a power
which it does   not   possess     No   proposition   i«-
clea er than this     And jet this important power
—"he   lileblool   ef the   naaon—the   snews  of
the nation in war—may  be sold to individuals,
and «.holly disposed of, b°yond the reclamation of
the people,  to whom it belongs    Has Congress
any m >ie powei to grant n chirior, or incorporate
and   locale a  Bank  in  he  D strict of Columbia,
than it has out or, or beyend the limits of 'he Dis
trier?    On this point, Mr President, 1 entertain no
doabts     What «as the D strrt set apart for   and
left without repiesenta ion1   I   wxs n*e ded  to
guard again t an umtiv influence being exercised
by thise immi-dnte'y interest! 1   upon the delibera-
tions of C ngiess     While  Consr s>  s\t at Phila-
d lphia, lhe people were sufTLientlv admonish d of
the neetssuy ot phen:*  around C ngress all  th'
guard   tut *cre pr if ucable,  ts  «ave their repre-
e Ulives  fn m  the  corup'ing  influence of base
aid  designig  m°n      We have reason  to believe
tint the In lits of t> e Disti ct i e nit extcrded too
fur     Can it  be  supposed  tha   while -u<h pains
v/ere- 'akep to guard against to     e il,  the  door
would b>   tl rown w '* op n, that a1 the facili e
might b  concen'raied toexaggerite an 1 p ip iunte
he ev 1 mttnW   tobe gmrd  1 anils'!    Tf v r-
na e not evi'orce in a'íird nee  <u nished  m lhe
corductortip la «  Um ed Sae   Bank,  t«  con
vmce us  *l-at  "i"1'  —<  'iisiiiuti r>, ] cated at tSe
stai of Government, would V the most pov erf jl
engine to corrupt Congress, and, through their re
p>e^ nunves to abus- and degrade the people, it
would be impossible, ¡ think, ever to be conv need
Sucn a deleter ous influence  a   this was not over-
load in the debates ot the oonvmhon that framed
our Constitutional Government, while the subject
of corporations  was under  consideration      The
Constitution has made the National Legislature a
local Legislature for the District of Columbia, in-
stead of one to be formed by lhe inbabitan s of the
District, by elect on of representatives, as m th 
States. Congress, while acting as the Legislature
oí the District, can de only what a Legislature
could for the District, if it were constituted as the
State Legislature  are, by election. Congress has
not general power to legislate, except whsu it is
acting as the Leg.slature of the District. When it
is acting m its national character, its duties are
pointed out in the Conslitutior—are entirely sepa-
rate from those devolved upon it as a Legislature
for the District The Constitution is, "to exercise
exclusive legislation in all cises whatsoever, ovei
suck District," &c So it will be seen that it is over
the District only, ihat is, over the inhabitants, or
for the inhabitants of the D stri t only The power
of Congress is net, therefore, increased or enlarged,
because it is acting m the District of Columbia.
If it were, the bt 1- issue i by the banks m the Dis-
liict could nave free circulation over the Union, in
spite of Sta^e authority. But does any body sup-
pose ihat any State m the Union could not prohibit
the circulation of lhe bills < f the Distnct banks in
ihe State? As to this, there can be no doubt.
Any State can do this, as well as it can prohibit the
circulation of the bills of ray ore of the States.
But if the bills were nationalized, because the Bank
was ch. rlered by Congress and located in  he Dis-
trict of Columbia, no Sta e could prohibit their cir-
cularon, provided Congress had the power to in
corporate a Bsntr. L*t us look into the Constitu-
tion, Mr Piesident, and see if ample provision is
not made for a currency, and whether there His not
strictly confined to a metallic currency That power
is conferred on Congress, and no other Congress
shall havepo/er 'to coin money, regulate the va'ue
thereof and of foreign com, and fix the standard
of weights and measures." "To provide for the
punishment of counterfeiting the securities and
current coin of lhe United States " In another
section of the Cmstitution, pmong other 'httigs,
we fiad the Sutes forbidden "to coin money, emit
bills oí cred t,orn ke anv thmg]but gold and silver
coin a lendc r in paying del ts "
Tins is all ue fiiil in lhe Constitution relating
to a cunency Wt fird tnst ample power is given
to make, and to esiad'sh i metalie currency, and
that it is amply guar'pd against counterfeiting,
and ¡hit theS'ates are prohibited making any thing
else a tender in payment of debt s How can the
mind be in doubt as lo the power intended to be
confeired on Congre s to ertate a currency for the
Uwion Jt is said, t^at a bank is a means to carry
into effect an express pofer, an incident of the
power, and many cases are supposed by the
com', in deciding tnis question, which they claim to
be ani'ngou , by way oí il Ustralion, and to prove
that a Bank is a proper means to cai'y into effect
the express power to which the mean  belongs, as
an incident I shall directly present «orne cf the
cases w hich were taken to be analagous by the
court and exnibned m proorof t'-e position then
taken, and endeavored'o be snainta ned, none of
when sustain'he era í ¡n their propo mon, but
c early disfr ut it. But h theie any case where the
meaas or ine dent of a power may be sep-rated
fro"i i , and put in c > iflict wi h t!" e pT\tt.r to which
it belongs, and wh ch it pi o es i¡, tu ? d, anl be
wielded aid controlled by person? not lesponsibie
to the pei pic nor tueir G^veirnent5
Tlii. real object at a Bank is io e eate i cae-
renc> hosjile to lLecon ututional cur eoc , if it did
not tarnish a paper currency, non" o¡ <t0 friends
woulu de«ue it The power 'vl.ic t you profess to
aid by t e B?mk as a c ean^,, t!,a ic to make a
cunencj-, v< a can exercise, but tht means you
cann t, and, therefore } fit propose to separate the
means. (r n>cu*ent f'o <■> tre power ,>nd delegate ¡t
to olheis, anl by others leirg empowe^d to u e
it, while >ou cann >t, or \ ant of po«.cr, you
wholly change Oue ot the .uost impir at express
powers of tue Goviruistent You u.aKe a paper
currency, instead of a met llic currency. It it
admitted by the court, that to grant a charier of
incorporation, is an exercise of sover^iga power.
And it is further admitted by the court, that the
power to create corporations, was never conferred
upon the Gf ntral Government.
In the 4 h of Wbeaton's Report, 421 page, in
