248___________________         APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________Angnst, 1841.
27th Cong......1st Sess.                                   Public Lands—Mr, Woodbury.        ___________________                   Senate.
Again, most of the cases supposed to be mere gifts
of ¡and, whether to individuals or S ates, have been
in faq{ grant  with a view to promote legitimate
and express constitutional objects. Thus the do-
nations foredaeation in the new States have been
asked to increase the inducements to remove there,
and augment the value and sales of our other
lanrts. So of the grants to canals or roads. So
of the grants to the Revolutionary veterans, like
Starke and Lsfayette, to pay them more fully for
their sacrifices and toils So of lands granted for
bounties to enlist, or instead of pensions to form a
part of the compensation and reward for the most
perilous services by flood and field.
Nor can there be any sound distinction taken so
ingeniously by the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Archeb] between the lands granted for common
objects and property or money ob'amed for general
objec s. Why, sir, the very first dictionary you
open, defines the word general to mean common (see
Todd's Johnson.) They mean the tame precisely
in the preamble of the Constitution and elsewhere,
when the common defence and the general welfare
arespoken ol under the same view and restrictions.
So m the dseds of cession by Virginia, Geoigia,
and North Carolina, to form "a common fund"—
by Massachusetts ' for ihe common benefit"—by
Connecticut "for the common u^e and benefit "
They all mean exactly the same as a general fund
or for the general benefit or general Welfare, ard
when Ihe old Congress vo edin 1780 to apply them
lo the ' common benefit," they meant the same and
all iheir successors have done the sair e with ihe
proceeds of Ihem as with the taxes. What is the
boasied designation of his own n?tive State? It i,
the "unlernfied commonwealth " Is she not, then,
in con«ulPng ihe common weal of hor citizens,
consulting their generai weal? And can she give
awaj the properly of the State moie than its money,
because she is a comwnw-ealth? Tne e points,
sir, cannot require any ft.rther illustration The
properly, as well as the money held by the Gene-
ral Government, i , tl erefoie, held for the com
won or general purpose*?, fir which that Govern-
m«nt was established It is joint proper.y. It n
for joint and not separate objects of the Siiies It
is for national or con'ederated ends, and not for
the local ends of each S ate. It is, m fine, a spe-
cies of joint stock company or pirlneish p for
bolh   pecuniary   and   political  specified objects.
The properly, any more than the money of
such a pfr ner-hip, cannot rightfully be applied o
other than thej iint ao J enumerated object-- What
lawyer or even village referee would dare lo hold
that either of these s >uld be given awaj ? or t ven
used for the separate debt and purposes of tne of
the firm while ihe firm continued, and was in debt
and needed Ih  income cf all us property? The
division of the jimt or common property would
like vise be a dissolution of ihe compact, it not
Otherwise provided for, and tend like ibis to entire
disunion, and th"rmr¡ of ihe partnership concerns
Under these vkws, and our well known em-
barra-) ed co'idiuon as a common Confede
racy at th i crisis, the comiron property
or eomm>a furds cannot be siven to
its sepárale mmlers 10 be used separately
and ¡or loc 1 objects, as is pr> posed by this hill,
wi hout, in mv opinion, an open, clear, fla-
grant vioiil on of th w ole thje" of the ces-
sions and (f ,i|i lire ct nsi'tutior.il regulautns as (o
use an, d s «mi on o' t \° puM c r'n mc-s
I may be it o «¡in n^ in m>s conclusK n from these
prf-misis p one But «he her si cr no ih re are
still other nater.al considc, ain>s, lytuch greatl)
tend to -f"n lhtn it.
Thus, il, in laal idea, cf a distntu'io?, whither
of money c an', wa> to appropria'- th^m to
some one of "i  °r a' nati nal objec s supposed by
its friends to p" confided to the General Govern-
ment, and r i' oiherwi^e
The only difference, very rr>a'enal from usual
appropriation to ihos? objec s, vas to let th* States
exp-nd th'se appropriation for common and joint
object', ra'her than for the General Government to
do it But by this bill we neither designate the
objecs of expenditure, so as to maks them
in any body's view national, cor retain the
control   over the expenditure so  as to have  it
applied only to purposes contemplated and autho-
rized by the Constitution. This is a portentous de-
parture from principle as well as precedent, and
tends to break down every constitutional barrier in
use, either for property or money.
Go back, sir, fifteen year?, and lis'en to some of
tht first whispers of distribution, and .mark the
dangerous departures since. Then it was a distri-
bution proposed merely of a surplus in ihe Trea-
sury, and not particularly of the public lands
Then it was proposed to be made of an excess be-
yond our current wants, and not of what we forth-
with needed—not when we were embarrassed—re-
porting to loans—increasing our expenditures, and
obliged to rai*e by additional taxes the whole, and
even more than all we distribute It was to be,
also, of only an accidenial excess, because if a
p rmanant one, it was conceded en all sides to be
proper to prevent it by a reduction of the tariff,
and to avoid, by all means, a constant distribution
It was then, likewise, to be expressly required m
the act of appropriation to be applied exclusively
to objects deemed national by its friends, and there-
fore oocstitutional.
When, in 1831 or 1832, a project originated for
giving away ihe public lands, or their proceeds, it
had become probable that the duties would soon be
reduced, after the payment of the public debt.
Hence, it was perceived by the manufacturers,
that unless the lands were given awav, the du'ies
would be too much reduced, and the protection too
much lescened, for their interests The diminution
would be three millions more than if the proceeds
were given away or appropriate! to some great
and exclusive object.. But did any body then
pro) ose to keep luties high, mueh less to raise
duties high<>r for the sole purpose of distribution?
Or d.d they dare then, at first to attempt to distri-
bute the lands, in order to help the manufacturers,
or for any oiher purpo e, whether of political am-
bition or per«oml aggrandisement, without re-
s riding the ose of ihem in the appropriation itself
to what Ihey considered national, aid therefore
what had the appearance cf being constitutional
objects? No, sir, the bill of the Senator from Ken-
tucky limited expressly the use of the proceeds of
thf hndt to "elueation, internal improvement, co-
lonization, or reimbursement of anv existing debt
contracted fonnlernal improvements " (See jour-
nal of the Senate, July 2d   1832 )
The speech of that S nator, June 20th, 1832,
urged Ihe passage of his bill because th< se objecis
were 'a ! ratio íal in their nature," and therefore
constitutional (Mr. W. read extracts from the
speei h )
Go a step furthei, and look at the same
learne 1 Senators speech, delivered January 11, in
fu.t same year. I rejoice to find that he there, al-
so, supports my present pi s,t on, and, in-
deed, goe. ■'o far as to say virtually not only that
du íes shomd not b  raisea to b- dis'nbd ed, but
th-ii a measure in the forn of the very b II now
before us, w uld be both unwise and unconstitu-
tional In order lo avoid any misconception of
his meanin , I will gi/e his o in word •
'In making this inqtu y, [slid Mi Clay J the first qties
tion which presen s iNdf is, wh thei it is expedient to pre
serie Ihe existing dimes m order to accumulate a surplus in
th Tieasinyfii the pu/pose of subsequent distribution am in?
li e seveial sutes i tin ik not Icthe collection foi the put"
pose ofsuih a smplus is lo be mid lr>m the pockets of one
} onion of the people to be ulliinattlv letuuied to the «ame
pock 13 (he prottq would be -men led with the certain lo s
insm^ riom the cliarg of colleclion and inlh the lost, also
of interest white th m ney is perloi run? the necessary cir
cuit anditwiult herefore be unv i e ifitlstobe co'leeted
from one poll on of the peop eti d Hi ven to another, it would be
ur i ist Ifitis to be given to the States in their corpoiateca
, actty,to be used by them in their public ex¡ enditure I
know of no principle in the Constitution which authorize1!
the Tedeial Government to become suco a collector for the
s-tate nor of any princit le of safety or pi opriety which ad
mus of he Sims beco nimr such recipients of gratuity from
the Genei tl tiov eminent"
In the Let'i of all this, the specific appro-
priation in that bill was afterwurd-s stricken out
Ine money wa.5, as in thi=, "given to the States
in their corporate capaci y to be vested by
,liem in their public expenditure," and ihe bill as
t o >gh i to have been, even on its author's own
reason ne, was thenvirtoally vetoed by one of our
fearless Presidents. General Jackson, in some re-
'pects, "the noblest Roman of them all,' ciared to
stem the tide of popular delusion, and coincided in
the principle avowed by the father of the measure
at the commencement of that same year, when he
(Mr. Cut) said: "I know of no principle in the
Constitution, which authorizes the Federal Govern-
ment to become such a collector for the States "
Again, in 1836, the distribution was made of a
surplus, and one accidental, not designed nor per-
manent The excess was also not given away, but
loaned on deposite. It was expre-sly stipulated
to be returned, whenever needed for the current
expenditures of the General Government. If it
had been a gift, it is well known that the bill
would never have been signed by ihe Executive.
Look also to analogies elsewhere. Did ihe State
of New York in 1837 give money or propeityto
her embarrassed citizen ? No, sir. On the con-
trary, it made a loan, both in form and substance.
Even England, with her ommpofra Parliament,
has authorized only loan's on some occasions to aid
her mercantile or manufacturing classes in great
commercial convulsion"; but se'djm, if ever, re-
sorted to a gift so lavish, wasteful, and unconsti-
tutional, as the present one.
The tendency of this measure m anolher re-
spect, goes to undermine ihe strongest founda-
tions of our present form of Government. It
changes, in a most importan  particular, the whole
relations between the General Government and the
States. The power of the former is fearfully in-
creased by virtually conferring on it the whole
taxing authority for the whole Union, for local as
well as general objects. This power of taxation,
whether by direct or indirect means—by stamp
acts, internal duties or exci'e—s all to be con-
centrated here,* and the immense resources thus
accumulated, as well as our pre0ent vast control
over all foreign and g neral relations, to be wieK'ed
at d scretion by a great central consolidated mo-
narchy. Yes, sir, a practical monarch}, ere long
in such an event, is as inevitable as that the gentlest
gales may be swollen into tempests, and pestilence
fester into death
On the other hand the States oncemdependent,smk
into riiost humiliating reliance for daily bread on
their former servants. The sovereigns become the
slaves Our who'e system becomes metamor-
paosed, and the original auitudeo and relations
be'wi en the merrbers of ihe Union and the Union
itself, arc virtually dis olved This, I say, s>r,
from personal coiviction, and in this I am backed
by the fearless and inflexible freemen of ihe S'ate
I help to represent At the last te sion of her Le-
gislature the following, among other sagacious reso-
lutions, was adopted-
Resolved That the distribution of the pi blic revenue,
whetheiit may have accued fiom the proceeds of the sales
ofthepiblic lands, or othei wise, is without sanction m the
Constitution, would be dlsastr us to the prosperity of the
States an 1 tend lo les rov that due flatton between the
Slates and th° Federal Goiernment to preseive which,
should bt. the paramount object of legislation
Not to be tedious on this, I pass to anoiher
consideration, wh ch shows ihe direct tendencies of
this measure to produce what most of us admit to
be clearly unconstiluiionaS. It is this To the
extent of the amo'int distributed to the indebted
Slaies, the distribution is uraed on us, as i sub-
stantially is, a measure designed for tbeir le-
lief. Such has been ¡he reasoning of distin-
guished Sen i tors in this chamber, 'to relieve the
<ld Stales in embarratsmen' " And as the Execu
Uve message says to help "¡he debtor States "
High minded and honorable r.en will not coun-
tenance evasion, but lot k through the mere sur-
face—the varnish What, then, i-, -a measure, so
recommended, and so passed, but in substance,
to the amount pledged to be gi"en, pn assump ion
of State debts? Why else, sir, does the gentleman
from Virginia appeal so elrouenlly to our sym-
pathies in behalf of the indebted State ? Why,
sir, did the Chief Magistrate himself ar "e in fa-
vor of the measure, (under cerUm wi-e limitations,
however, herea^er to be noticed,) cxeept that it
would relieve the indebted States frcm a resort to
oppressive drect taxation'
Why is the bill to be pa sed at all as a measure,
among others demanding a ha'ty and extraordi-
nary session, if not designed as a relief to ihem,
by furnishing the money to help to discharge the
debts under which they are represented to be now
suffering so deeply?   Within two years wet have
