-August, 1841.
"APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
á40
?7th ConG"--1st Sess.
Putyic Lands—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
\ solemnly resolved that  ihc assumption of State
Í debts is not warranted by the Constitution,; so has
;< -thePresident decided in his message ai the opening
l M the present session.    Bat if we promise to fur-
; ,ni-h to  those States in debt—because they are in
debt, and need  relief—the money to help to pay a
• -portion of their liabilities,  is not this a virtual as-
. sumption of their  deb's  to that extern?    Will it
■  not inciease the value in the market of their bonds
to   the  extent   of   that assumption?    Base, dis-
honorable, craven, would it be for us to attempt by
indirection what we ate ashamed  to do directly.
Let the measure than stand or fall on its real cha-
racter; and  if  I am   capable of  understanding
either facts or princip'es, the Cons'itutioa is in
danger of being thus violated in a most essential
par.jcular.
To dwell no longer en considerations of
this character, I shall pass to others of a diffe-
rent bearing, after invoking the attention oí the
Senate a moment to the oppressive departure of
this distribu'ion from that equality and justice
among the members of the Union, which are ihe
' only effectual preservatives of either the Con-
stitution or the Union. Thus it is manifestly
a measure to aid lb.1! indebted States rather than
the rest. Nay more, it is done in some respects at
the expense of those not indebted, as you tax a!l
for the help of the former Trie prudence and
economy of the latter are unjustly requited.
They neither need yo-jr distribution, nor can they
willingly submit to high taxation for the benefit of
others. If they take your gifis, they will prove
like Indian gifts, for which you will exact in return
much more in amount. These miscalled donations
cannot, by them, be often employed in anj benefi-
cial manner without a rúk m beginning new
works or new specula'ions that will involve them,
like the deposites of 1837, in latger taxes and hea-
vy loss s. If divided per capita among their citi-
zens, which is perhaps the more just course, it will
come like money won by chance, or drawn in a
lottery, and injure as well as corrupt most of
* those connected in any way with its employment.
It will prove worse than the Georgia land lotteries,
so strongly denounced by others in this debat<=;
and like the gift of Pandora's box, be fatal with
every evil except delusive hope. Thirteen
States—little indebted—several of them not at
all, and the whole not a million each on an ave-
rage, are, by this measuie, to be oppressed and
demoralized in order to carry this distribution into
other Slates—others, too, which need fnly be-
cause they have been ¡e.-.s frugal and provident.
What does thi-, resemble but pillage and plunder
under the forms of law? This is not only im-
politic and unwise but it is unjust, immoral, and
destructive of every fraternal leeling between the
different States.
It is partial, also, to the West, a.- contradis-
tinguished from fin Atlantic, so . s in a material
respect to constitute ano'her inequality among
members of the sime Union, pressing cqial
rights. Because a larsrer poriion < f imported arti-
cles from which the additional tax is to be obtained,
Is consumed on the seaboard. The articles b ing
cheaper to the latter than the former, are more
used, aud the latter are by habit attached to
their use. But no inequality would be caused
if the d stribntion was not made, and each Sale
wa3 obliged to supply its own wants or pav its
'own debt?, by its own system of taxation. The
Western States obtain also ten per cent, more in
money and a half a million of acres more m
land than tbe Atlantic States; and thus an-
other great apparent inequality is introduced.
Whatever increase of papulation may before
another census occur, in the new Slates, lo
justify this in some degiee, it has not yet
taken place; and it will happen, too, in some of
the Atlantic S'ates—such as New Yotk and Ma'ne
__as well as in the West.    Yet the last S'ates get
neither the ten per cent, nor the half million acres
of land, thr u°h on that theory they are equally and
justly enti'led to both. Aaain, this measure dis-
criminates most oppressively against and in fa-
vor of particular classes. Against consumers, who
lose in all ways by it. For manufacturers-, who
gain on almost every thing.   The rich, also, are
relieved from the direct taxes of the States,
which would otherwise fall chiefly on their pro-
perty for this thiee or four millions; and the
burden is transferred or flung in a great measure
on ihe. middling and lower classes, ihe agricultu-
ralists and mechanics, who, with their families,
will be obliged ti pay quite as much under the
proposed tariff, as the mou opulent.
It is thus made more onerous to the marses,
whose wants on the contrary most need relief, and
a neglect of whom brought the Bourbons to the
guillotine. It will tend to excite retaliation abroad
by higher duties on foreign products, and thus de-
range capital at home, circumscribe commerce,
and depress somebianches of industry. It may
alienate whole sections of the Union as it revives
the heart-burning" and jealousies '.hat preceded
the last tariff compromise. It it not like a Na-
tional Bank, nor an ordinary bad law, such as die
sedition act, which operates but on a few or tem-
porarily. It rather poisons the whole fabric if
society, and, it is feared, irradicably. It is like
tbe taste of that forbidden fruit by our first parents,
which brought in death and sin, with all our woes,
and diffused the taint of depravity through the
whole of their erring raes.
Beware, then, sir; lest the first s'ep in this distri-
bution be not the last one—tbe fatal step, to the
preservation of the Con-titution, and the peace, as
well as perpetuity of the Union.
A few minutes more, nr, on the other tendencies
of this mensure, independent of the Constitution.
Why have 1 before called it exceedingly impoli-
tic? Because it is a measure íhat, under ihe exist-
ing condition of the Treasury, will require us first
to collect back in taxes every dollar distributed
from ihe public lands. This is amply encugh to
stamp the measure as idle; and, if intended to ope-
rate equally, as useless. But this is not all. We
are next compellt-d to collect ihe same amount, by
resorting to high duties, and thus greatly increasing
the expenses of collection, in order lo guard, by
more officers and cutters, arainst smuggling.
This will obviate all the usual difference, dwelt on
by ihi Stna'or from Virginia iMr. Archer] in fa-
vor of the greater cheapness that sotr.e'imei, exists
in collecting indirect, rather lhan direct taxes, lhat
Senator has, however, enu>ely overlooked one or
two other large additions to the burdens imposed,
over and above the amount of ihe gift. There is
the new and exira cosí, and risk, and delay of pay
ing over ard transferring this money to the S'ates.
There is a nightr price paid for the domestic manu-
factures whenever its rival from abroad is taxed,
and is almost equal to thit tax. There is a higher
price alto for the profits of the different dealers
on the increased ccs: of the anicla by means of
the duties.
There is an augmented burden, as before ex-
plained, flung unjustly and impoliticly on the agri-
culture!, to aid indirectly the manufacturer, and
on the middling and !e-s wealthy classes to aid the
ru-h. This is a burden frem which, under a tariff
on necessaries, ihe former cannot, escape, as the
Senator be(ore me [Mr. Archer] h^s t-as'i'y sup-
posed, nnlfss they flee from civilization to more
than savage lie.
Under most tariffs, when judicious, luxuries
alone ate taxed high, and the necessaries of life
are left either low or en'.irely free. Then his theory
would be plausible, that the tax would fall on in-
come more than espita!, and would be usually
voluntary, and would be tno-tly avoir'ed by rot
consuming luxuries. But here, sir, you propose
to tax almost every necessary quite as high as ihe
most useless luxury; and he that would avoid the
tax can hardly escape it, eiiher by dying or living.
It infests every thing and every body. Let one re-
turn to the use of mere brer>d and water: even the
water he must drink from a gourd, or pay a tax on
his pitcher and tumb'er; and as to his brea-i, the
grain must be pulled, and not reaped with a taxed
sickle—must be eaten without salt, mnlisses or
sugar, for they are all Uxed as high a-s the mort
costly wines and .-plendid jewellery. More, sir: be
must wear skin?, as both cotton-, and woollens will
pay a large dmv. ['-Goon skins," said Mr. Se-
vier.] Yes, Whig 'coon skins and gourds"
He   cannot
venture    even    on    an    Indian
blanket, it is taxed so enormously; much more
buy a taxed Indian kettle, or use even a trap,
knife, or rifle, like the poorest savage, for they-are
all burdened to help pay for tms execrable distribu-
tion. He must,in trtith,rebarbaiise and become more
helpless and degraded than the meanest savage, in
order to reatiz  the Senator's fancy sketch of a free,
independent, and prosperous American avoiding
the beautiful and benificent operation of his favo-
rite tariff system—by not using taxed articles.
What a blessing and exemption it must prove to
the Virginia planter, as well as the farmer of the
East. Does not the gentleman see that, in the
great use of foreign iron, neither of them can turn
a furrow without a lax on their plough, and chains;
neiiher weed their corn but with taxed hoes—nor
load nor spsad their manure without taxed shovels—
ncr reap, nor mow, nor grind their grain, wiihont
b=:fjg tax?d in all possible ways? Not even a
noise shoe nor a knife can escape.
These illustrations might be followed out much
further, to show the crying impolicy of eiiher keep-
ing high láxeseos some necessaries, or raising them
on others, so as to enable us to give away the pro-
ceeds of tbe public lands. But I hasten over them,
to glance a minute at another striking evidence of
its impolicy. The compromise of 1833 pacified,
grrat interest?, and shou'd be sacred. This act
violat-s the spirit of that compromise in several
essential particulars. It first requires an increase
of the tariff on fiee articles, to take effect before
184'J, when, if the lands are retained, it would not
be necessa'y on those anieles, eiiher at all, or cer-
tainly not till ihe periods indicated in Ihe act of
1833 It next requires an increase of duties under
this distribution, and on account of it, which would
not be necessary for revenue without so waste-
ful a gift. Now an augmentation of revenue
for this gi;'t, and not "for an economical
adinini-tration of ihe Government," which is the
express limitation of the compromise, is as much a
violation of the spirit of the compromise, as it
would be to raise the tariff above twenty percent.
It is likely also that, ere long, the tariff must and
will be rai?ed on some articles above twenty per
cent; and the restiietive clause against stopping
the distribution be then repealed or evaded by an
improper resoitto more loans in peace. Because
without a great change in policy and prospects, it
cm hardly be possible to meet the increasing ex-
penses of ihe Government, unless heavier taxes or
a retention of the income of the public lands takes
place. If, to escape it, we plunge into a larger
debt in lime of peace, and buúd up unnecessarily
a cl.iss of dronish fundhoYters, ihe impolicy of the
dis'ribulion will be no less manifest.
So whether we halt in taxes at twenty percent,
and report to loans, or sro higher and not resort to
them, t-ie design of the compromise is violated, and
this tm asure becomes very impolitic. Forcing us
up evtm t'i twen'y per rent, to give away is outra-
geous. Why, sir, a twenty per cent, tax, and that
on necessaries, is double the odious tithe tax of
Cnurch and State, from whi'h we so often boast
an exemption in this land of Republican liberty; so
a twenty per cent, tax on tea, is double the British
tax of three cents a pound en tea, which helped so
powerfully, by its oppression, to drive our lathers
into rebellion.
Proceed, then, if you will, in this ruinous ca-
reer. Break throuth, then, as jou will aniir,ust
at this or tbe next session, thf sacred compromise.
Boriow largely or go up to 25 or 30 per cent as is
probable, in taxes not to meet necessary expenses,
bot lavish ones, and to enable us to make ihis fa-
tal gif'.. Destroy your pledged, recorded faith wiih
the South. Arouse again, as in 1831and '2, brothfr
against brother, State rgain't State. Cast once mote
an apple of dif-ord, afke-brand into every region
i f our happy Union. Prepare to blot the glorious
s'aroi S'.&te after State from the constellation if ihe
Union. But reconsider, I beseech j ou, all the
direful consequences before you strike the firs.t
blow.
I pass by more of its impolicy on other accounts,
to add that, in the present juncture, ihe distribution
is peculiarly ill-limed as well as impolitic. Have
you not heard, sir, from your own fiiends, tiil
we are almost deaf, that the  General Govern-
