260__________________           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________Sept. 184h
27th Cons....1st Sess.         '                      Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Walker.__________________________________Senate.
aicouj! us; and c^ery exotic curse which has sti-
fled aiid prostrated free principles in other coun-
tries, has been cherished and fostered by this cor-
rupt party. A National Bank, a national debt,
heavy taxes, and a wasteful and extravagant
'Squandering of the public money, are but the com-
mencement of a series of untoward events, which
must ultimately end in the total prostration of De-
mocratic principles, and the overthrow of our free
institutions;.and unless the people, before it is too
late, shall be roused to a sens  of their danger, and
put down, or arrest the mad career of this despe-
rate Whig party, we may expect a rapid and quick
march from the peaceful and happy walks of re-
publican liberty to the oppressive iron sway of
despotism.
Sir, it is a little amusing to see gentlemen in the
opposition ambitious that the glorious acts of this
Congress should be inscribed upon their tomb-
stones,* to be handed down to the rising genera-
tion as a memento of their fame, for all future
time. Sir, it will be a memento—a warning to all
who may come after them, to shun the fatal pre-
jects which have shipwrecked their political for-
tunes and inflicted such disasters upon our coun-
try. The history of this Congress will bs a history
of wrongs and injuries inflicted upon this free and
htppy people; and I have no doubt but that it will
form the epitaph of some who would otherwise
have descended silently to the tomb, with their
deeds "nnhonored and unsung." Every prominent
measure of this Congress, thus far, is fraught with
evil, and calculated to weaken the confidence of
the people in the integrity of our form of Govern-
ment, and if persisted in, may produce results dis-
astrous to our political safety. The bill donating
to the widow of General Harrison $25 000, and
the bill distributing the avails of the public lands
among the States, ave unconstitutional, and at war
with all our notions of Republican equality.
The loan bill of $12,000,000, laying the founda-
tion of a national debt, and the tariff bill, imposing
an unnecessary tax of $8,000,000 upon the people,
are alike unwise, impolitic, and unjust. And
no/w, sir, to cap the climax of folly and oppres-
sion, you are attempting to fasten upon the coun-
try this moneyed monster, which, in the language
of Mi. Jefferson, is "so fatal to every honest hope"
for the purity of our morals, and the perpetuity of
our free institutions.
But if you are determined to pursue this disas-
trous course of policy, the sooner you develope
the principles by which you are governed the bet-
ter; the sooner will the day of reckoning and of re-
tribution beat hand. Let the pteple "nee know
the deep laid plot, that under the disguise of fair
promises of relief, you are concocting measures
calculated to sap the foundation of their political
rights, and they will soon put an end to Whig
glory.
Sir, it was by hidden, secret motives of avance,
and a senseless clamor for "reform," without
avowing any definite principles, which gave to this
desperate party a transient triumph; and it will
require the consummation of no other acts than
those already on the tapis, and in contemplation
of being brought before this session of Congress for
its action, to render this Whig party more odious
to the American people, than the celebrated alien
and sedition party of 1798.
You, sir, have already pissed the Rubicon. A
wanton disregard of our sacred constitutional rights
has been manifested on various occasions, and an
extravagant squandering! of the public money has
already taken place, which cannot be recalled,
and which will never be sanctioned by >>ie people
Sir, those measures which are now opei ly avowed
and advocated by the Whig party, ca t:ot fail to
bring back the American peop'e to their "sober se-
cond thought," and rouse them to ViHv'icai-: the>r
insulted ríghís by hurling from power those who
have so fatally -betrayed their confid'-no . Sir, the
political war-cry of ruin and d:strcs> no longer
*Mr. Stanly of North Carolina, in one of l,i-< speeches, said
that he "wished to have the glorious acts^pf ihi^ Congress in-
scribed upon the tomb-stones of the Whigd, ami t;ansmuted to
to posterity, aa a memento of their noble and disinterested pa-
triotism.      •%
possesses'its talismantc power; and those hollow-
hearted and deceitful professions of "relief, re-
trenchment, and reform," fanned by the flame of
excitement, and which swept over our fair coun-
try like the besom of destruction, overthrowing in
their fury every obstacle that offered any resist-
ance to their desolating course, are now developed.
That bubble has at length burst, and those broken
promises and violated pledges now stand disclosed
in all their naked deformity, full in view to the
gaze of an astonished, duped, betrayed, and de-
ceived people. Already, sir, is heard the note of
preparation for resistance; from all parts of our
country the patriots—the Democracy ef the land—
are rallying to the rescue, ready, sir, to breast the
storm of Federal vengeance, and resist to the last
the execution of this wicked and obnoxious law.
Per the ultimate triumph of Democracy I have no
. fear. The energies of this mighty people are yet
equal to any crisis that can arise, and although
you may for a while paralyze her energies, and
shackle her freedom, with those oppressive laws,
yet, when once roused, she will rise superior to all
your puny efforts, and, in the majesty of her own
strength, wipe ou! and obliterate all traces of this
"ring-streaked and speckled" Whig party.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Sept. 2, 1841.
The Fiscal Corporation bill being under consi-
deration—
Mr. WALKER said no billhad ever been drawn
which augmented Executive, power in a manner
so alarming as this-. The bill created a Bank with
a capital of twenty-one to be enlargsd to thirty-five
millions, and with the possession and control of
all the public moneys. The Bank was to be loca-
ted and controlled by a central board hereof nine
directors, three of whom were to be appointed and
removable by the President; and if, with the whole
patronage of the Government, he could command
but two more, he would have a majority, and could
loan out, to whom he pleased, all the cipiial of the
Bank and revenues of the nation deposited Ihere.
But this was not all, the State banks in any num-
ber, at the discretion of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, ars to be selected as the agencies or branches
of this Bank in all the States, and these banks were
those only that should be chosen and discontinued
at the sol,-pleasure, from time to time, of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury. The pet bank system,
under the absolute control of the Secretary of the
Treasury, was lo be reincorporated as the agencies
of this Bank, and the whole to be selected, control-
led, discontinued, and renewed, from time to time,
at the sole descrelion of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, who was himself appointed and removable
at pleasure by the President oí the United States.
Thus, then, this would be clearly an Executive
Bank, united with an Executive pet bank system,
the whole to be controlled by the President of the
United States. And this was the plan of those who
denounced the Sub-Treasury, as a vast augmenta-
tion of Executive power, when, under that system,
not one dollar could be loaned or used except oj
pay the appropriations of Conaress. But it is jaid,
Mr. Tyler is opposed to the pet bank system, and
to the Sub-Treasury, and there is no alternative
but th;s Bank. But is not the President, and has
he not always been, opposed lo a National Bank;
and besides, this Bank reorganizes the pet bank sys-
tem, and places the public monevs, in truth, under
Executive control. But has ¡he President no alter-
native? Sir, (said Mr. W). here is the inaugural
address of General Harrison, of great length, dis-
cus.-irg the currency, and reür'v every olberquet;.
Hon, and what does he pro'ose? Is it a Nanonal
Bank? No, sir, no. He proposes no such thins;;
he proposes no reunion in any form beiween the
banks or a Bank aid th  Govermnen*; on he con-
trary, he exprcs-ly d c'ares that he hss no objec-
tion to the divorce between Bank and Stale; but
that his objections to (he Independfnt Treasury
arose out of the fact th?t ihe public moneys moneys
sire thereby placed under the control of officers ap.
poin'cd and removable by ihe President of the
United State* And how does he propose to re-
move this objection? He suggests that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be removable only on the de-
mand of the House of Representatives. Well,
suppose Mr. Tyler to entertain similar opinions,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury be thus
placed above the removing power of th . President,
and be made, in fact, responsible to the House of Re-
presentatives, and that, being the head of a De-
partment, he be authorized, as the Constitution ex-
pressly permits, to appoint and remove only at his
pleasure all the receiving officers of the Go-
vernment in the several States, under the
Sub Treasury act; all the objections of General
Harrison, as made in his inaugural, to that
bill, would be removed, and the public moneys
thus placed under the exclusive control of the
representatives of ihe people: and the same object
can be accomplished by making the Treasurer,
the head of a Department, removable only on the
call of the House of Representatives, and these
receivers appomed and removable by him only.
Thus there would be established a complete separa-
tion of the Government from the banks, and of the
Executive from the custody or control of the pub-
lie moneys. But it is said, Mr. Tyler desires to
furnish, through this Government, a uniform cur-
rency, and to regu'ate the exchanges. Mr. Tyler
has proposed no such thing, as he (Mr. Walker)
understood his message, except so far as it may be
done incidentally, as a consequence of Ihe mode in
which this Government shall collect, keep, and
disburse the public revenues. And how may this
be done? Mr. Jefferson has told us, in his letter to
Mr. Gallatin, in 1803, to be found in Ihe fourth
volume of his works, page thirteen; in which, after
denouncing a Bank of the United States, he ad-
vises "an independent use of our own money,
holding our own bank in all ihe deposites where it is
received, and letting the Treasurer give his draft
or note for payment at any particular place;
which, in a well conducted Government, ought
to have as much credit as any private
draft, or bank note, or bill, and would give
us the same facilities which we derive from
the banks." Here, then, was Mr. Jeffem-in's sys-
tem, proposed bv him when President, to his Se-
cretary of the Treasury, in 1803. Let, then, all
the*e receivers in all the States, thus placed under
the control of Congress, and not of the Executive,
be permitted to receive on deposite gold and silver
to the estimated amount of the public revenues, in-
cluding the lands from year to year, say twenty-
three millions of dollars, in sums, say never less
than fifty dellars; and when this gold and silver is
deposited with these rcceivets for the legitimate
and constitutional purpose of being used in pay-
ment of the public dues, and so receivable every-
where throughout the Union, let these receivers
give these certificates of deposites of actual specie
with them; let them be signed by the Treasurer in
advance, and to be filled up by the receivers with
whom the deposite is made, redeemable in specie
at the place of deposite, and receivable everywhere
in payment of public dues; and let them be limited
to the amount of revenue, and the cheapest ex-
changes and currency of uniform value would be
furnished, much better than could be furnished by
this Bank, and free from the ruinous fluctuations
and dreadful frauds and abuses which were inhe-
rent in the banking system, State or national.
This, too, would keep the specie in the coun-
try, to guard against convulsions, instead of
driving it out of ii, as was done by the
banks; it wottld furnish an exchange currency,
founded on no loans of money or disounis in any
form, but represented, dollar lor dollar, by acual
specie. Or, if thought desirable, the amount thus
io he deposited might be limited by the Treasurer
es 'h ye-tr to one-half or one third of thf revenue
of ihe precedes year; and, for ihe remainder of the
revenue each year, the- public creditor?, who pre-
ferred it io specie, might be peroiitied to ree-ive in
payments to ihem, in turns not k-sj ¡h?n fifty dol-
lars, ihe bills of the Government, receivable every
where, in payment of public dues; and the drafts
of disbursing offieers might also be permitted to
circulate as a medium cf exchange. Tnis would
separate al oge>her tae Government fiem the
banks,, and the public moneys from the Executive
power. It would be what Mr. Jefferson called
"our own bank in all the deposites wb,ere it [the
