Áugnst, 1841.__________________APPENDIX qx THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.       _____________             sel
27th Cong-"-1st Sess.                         Post Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Reynolds.                                           H. of Reps.
public money] was received."   It  was,  m fact,
such "a bank," so called by him, with some modi-
fications, "not being a corporate body,  baring no
stockholders,   debtors,    or    property,"   as    was
recommended   by   General Jackson m his mes-
sage   of   December,   1830,  "as    a   branch   of
the Treasury Department, based on  the   public
and individual deposites, without power to make
loans or purchase property, which shall remit the
funds of tbp Government','     This  was   such a
bank, not a corporation, (for to that he had al-
ways been opiosed,) as he (Mr. W ) hid recom-
mended in 1834, as preferable to the State bank
system; and  he had again  declared, in 1839, at
the period of his re-election, such a plan as better
than the State bank system    To a bank corpo-
ration of any kind, and to loans of any kind, or m
any fcrni, by such a corporation or the Govern-
ment, his (M>. Walker's) oppositnn was urecon
cileable; for he considered the whole banking sys-
tem, State  and   national, as destructive   of the
morals, dangerous to tne libei ties, and ruinous to
the best mteres's, oí tne nation.   Now, Gen Jack-
son's proposition o£  December, 1830, yielded un- *
fortunately to the   State   bank   sys'em,   on the
ground that this proportion of the General was
an  Executive bank;  but,  as now  ssgsested, it
was   totally  disconnected  from   the   Executive,
and its responsibility was exclusively to th° repre-
sentatives of the  pe pie.    Now,  Mr  W said, if
if he could not ha.e the Independent Treasury re-
enacted, and he wsre compelled to chose between
the system here pr posed and tiis pet Bank system,
he would prefer the  former     What Mr   Tyler's
views were, he  (Mr W.) knew not, but this he
did know, that he [Mr. Tyler] was  eppo ed to a
National Bank,  to  the State Bank system, and to
the Sub Treasury; but that the  plan  of a fiscal
agency here  ^ugges ed  w?s not repugnant to any
opinion heretofore su?ieute 1 by the President—it
was m acocrdance < itH the «.pint of the  inaugural
ef  General Harrison,   and   of   the views abeve
quoted  of  Mr Jeffer on   and   General Jackson,
which views,  so for as   here proposed, received
the sanction  of   tbf   distinguished   Senator from
South Caroh a  [V.r    Calhoun]   in   1837,   and
which vipw> he   belie ed   he   siill held,   and it
would furnish the  cheapest  exchanges and   the
most uniform exchange currency.   It   was called
a bank by Mr   J fftison in   1803    <y  Geneial '
Jackson in 1830 an) by • ini (Mr. 'V ) n 1834.bat
it was n trutn a reorganization of the Independen'
Treasury sjstem, separated from the Executive
power, and permitted  incidentally to facili ate the
exchanges of the Union   Of one thirff,he(Mr W)
was certain—that Mr Tyler had exhibited ? mo-
ral firmness ?nd a patn tic   r-oiisis't nry  in   bis
veto mes«sge never surp"ss,ed. Let hi/a stand whe.e
he now does, upon tne b.. is of the  Constitution;
let him adhere  to hi-, own anc ent  and gkrimis
Virginia principles—>h    principles i f '93 a id 59,
and he ought to rec we, and he trusted wonli re-
ceive, the cordial suppoit of every Democratic Se-
nator— not an interested or a venal support, (tur all
of us wou'd prefer the sta'ions we now hold, as ihe
repres,eniatives of sovereign  States,  to any effice
in the gift of any Executive ) but that Disinterested
support which, being founded on principle , will
support those who mpport th"se principle , and let
others, who des-re Executive patronage, e-atribute
it all among themseivcs
SPEECH OF Mil. REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS
In the House ofRepteientahves, Mugust 24,1841—On
the appiopnation for tne  Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. Cha/bmvv I «ill rot to any "reat extent
troub'e the commirt=e with the ins r outt which
were made in tne Po t OiHce Depai «it >t; as I am
satisfied, the head oMhe Pnsmgsier G. ne'ai him
self will soon be taken off, he hims if w 11 coon
experience tie pleasures of the guillotine, i' I am
not greatly mistaken in the signs of the times.
He will be like the rude boy up the old
man's apple tree. He will have to come
down and ask the old man's pardon. I
have no means of knowing this event more than
any other citizen.   I am in no cabinet   secret ,
and I am glad ot it. I never, to my knowledge,
4>aw Piesident Tyler, but I presume he is influ-
enced by reason, and the same considerations
which would operate on other individuals in
sim lar situations. Common rumor, and the rea-
sonableness of the thing itself, induce all to believe
that a dissolution of the cabinet must and will take
place, and I pi ay for the speedy deliverance of thet
c nntry from it.
Public opinion is turning its attention to this
subject, and is becoming excited and interested
bota for President Tyler and the country.
It is an impossibility for any administration to
produce prosperity and happiness to the people,
when the Preside.it and the Cabinet are divided
Tne saying is as true as it is old, that "a house
divided against itself cannot stand," and ip fact,
when the people are concerted, it should not stand
The President, in his late veto message, has
come outeUarly a id unequivocally against a United
Stales Bank in all its various forms or shapes. It
can assume n > torm, or mode of existence, wh oh
his message will not reach and destroy.
Judging from the public acts and life of the Pre-
sident, no matter in what situation or change rf
circumstance he may be placed, his judgment
and firm conviction are the same, that a charier
of a National Bank is a violation of the constitu-
tion of ihe United Sta es.
This is not a recent opinion, formed and ex-
piessed on the spur of the occasion It has grown
win his growdi, and has pervaded all the fathers
of the Democratic party in that great and noble
State which gave him birth
On this subject, I will, Mr Chairman, be per-
muted to introduce his own language, which is re-
coided in his uto message Speaking of a National
Bank, he says
1 II v.ill stlfhce for me to «ay, that my opinion has In.en upi
formly proclaimed lo be agamt-t the exercise of any such ~<ower
by his Government On all suitable occasions during ape
nod of twenty five years, the opinion thus entertained has been
umeservedly expiessid Id claied it m the Legislature of my
nuivc Slate In Ih Ifiuse of Repiesent-uives- ol the Unite!
States it ha been pi ly vm tinted by me In the benalc
Chambei,inthe presence ami heaunü of many who ale at tins
time of that, body it hi* bien alhimed ant liaffumed iu
speeches and lep rls there made and hy votes there lerordetl
lnpipular assemblies I lave unhe nam ,ly u n lunred it in t
the last public declarxtion which I ma e and that bm i shoit
lime before the late Piesi lenoal election, I le'inetl to my pre
vtously expiessed opinions, as being those t ntirtamed by pie
With a full knowledge ol the opinions thus entertained at 1
nevoi cone a'ed I was elected by the people Vi e Pre-ndi.nl of
tin, TJ nte 1 itau By the o cm tente of a contingency ,«ovided
foi by the C oi stit ition in landing under an impressive dis
peisalion ofPi vilinii lsmxcodclt tht Pie l lcntial office
Bifoie entenneupon the duties ol tl at < NÚ 11 ink in oath
that Iwould'pieseive piotect and difend, tt e ConstK ition ol
the Unite 1 Stales Dn irtdlnlna t ic opinloi s illu h 1 lu u I
having taken this oath the Senate an 1 the country will see that
I coul I not gue my sanction to a measure of the character de
scubed, without surrendering all claim to he respect oi hi non
ble men—all confi lence on the part of tin people—ail self re
spect—all resaul fu moialanl i ligious obll'itions without
anobsenanr  if win h no government call be prosperous and
no people can be ha[ py It would be u commit i crime which
I would not wlfully commit to gun inj e-irthlvrcv.il 1 in!
which would iu tly subject me to the ndicule and scorn of all
vntuotis men
Tnere is no dotib1 or equivocauon in the above
This proves the Prendí nt to be a lineal descendant
of that gieat and g onous Star which has prnc'uced
so many wise and gfed s-tat^men Th¿i Stale
miy feel proud foi her talented and ennzh tneil
son, John Tyier, and pta e him hue in her estima-
tion with the faihers of the Republic.
Every Whig in tne  land  must be satisfied that
they have sje<"'cd ¿n honest pnd upright  man fo-
this high and rc«pon ib'e oftic .   Tnev  had  mad.
en. ice of a man t at had ih" firmness and  morsl
courage, at the hour ot peni ?nd in a great cusís,
ti exprés   hi  s nt ntntt, fearless of c ,nsequenc<>s
Tac Whigs are th  U^t  p op'etn t,inn  to  com
pair, or b  chjgimed ft ther s.  t     E/ery V/h  ,
fro -i tne erd (t  he ■ in! nent 10 &r   it i  ,in w
but re the e ec ion    ha s-nfimen s  of Jot o_ "ivkr
in ih  Bank surj c .    H^ bad betn a pu >.   m n
lor twen j-five 3e rs, rnd dad no' kept  r- s i *n
m Pstn im-i'i   iitant o easure in the d'irt.  'hid
urder a bushe1."    In every  sitúa ion rf ii e he
cir>coui car'essly and  open'v, alter tienauner
o^fais ovvn State, and made his >.cnti neri's known
to the world.
The Wb gs, knowing lies  things, placed bis
ntme on their ticket frr the Vice Presidency of the
Un.ted States, and elected him.   No Whig can
have the hardihood to say that lie was imposed on,
or deceived by John Tyler.
The Whig Convention at Harrisburg no
doubt looked inore at the successful result
of the elections than at the means to ob-
tain that result. They, I have no doubt,
Mr. Chairman, put John Tyler on the ticket for
effect, and to give it popularity in Virginia, and"
the Southern States. In order to give the ticket
weight and character in the South, and to quiet the
fears of the slaveholdmg States in relation to Abo-
lition, John Tyler was selected as a candidate for
the Vice Presidency. Moreover, I may add, that
his name was probably placed on the ticket for the
very cause and reason, for which the Whigs at
this time, so much complain. His known hosti-
lity to a National Bank gave the ticket additional
si? idmg, and popularity m manv sections of the
Union, aiid particularity in his own State, and the
South Mary of the most leading and influenzal
Whigs throughout the country, who were utterly
opposed to a Uuited States Bank, supported Tip-
pecanoe and Tyler too. And no one can say in truth,
that the establishment of a National Bank was
dir ctly put in issue in tbe last Presidential canvass.
Whenever the issue of Bank or no Bank, was
tendered to the Whig party, they declined the con-
test. They denounced the Democratic measures,
but presemed none to the people in their stead.
The Whigs lied Irora a Bank discussion as they
would flee from the wrath of Heaven. The sub-
jec ot the charter of a United States Bank
was studiously excluded from discussion by
almost all tbe entire Whig party. In
fact it was out of the power of maa to say, if
General Harrison himself was, or was not, in fa-
vor of the estábil hment of a National Bank. In
some dislucts he was supported for his friendly
feelings for this Bank, and in other places he was
sustained tor his reposition to all banks.
Tne canvass for the election of the President
beiiitr, by the Wh'g party, conducted in this non-
committal manner, not admitting or denying the
estibiish iiem of a National Bank, it was wise and
>rciy avai aide to have Mr. Tyler on the tick«t.
Tne Whig party could say to the Whig anti-Bank
met, and to the Democrats likewise, lhat "Mr. Ty-
ler is utierly opposed to a United States Bank, and
Gei ral rlarns n is not committed "
I'h 's it is most evident'y true, that the Whig
party intended 'o deceive, and impose on the
p i pie a United States Bank, without a decision
o, the people in lis favor They also intended to
deceire the President, but he had the moral cou-
rage to re ist the imposition. Yet a ticket of this
kind had in h what its framers ardently desired—
avinlabihty m a most extraordinary degree. It
v;?s wi ely organized lor success—no one count-
ed < n the dpfih ot Genetal Harrison—but that
event changed the entire aspect of the politi-
cal dftairs. It turned up to the top of the pack a
rcai the Whigs least desired John Tyler was,
by iieans never con e «plated, made President of
th United States, with all his anii-Bank notions
irit /ocably fined in his, mmd.
Now, Mr Chairman, who is to blame in this
mo t extraordinary transaction, the Whig party or
Mi Tyler1 Submit the cause to the American
people, and they will sustain Mr. Tyler. The
Whigs have beet  caught in their own trap, and
they have not ody to blame but themselves. They
sus amea Mr Tyler, knowing him to be opposed
o a N >tional Bank tor ihe sake of his popularity,
a> n now can they complain, when he acts out di«
rn y what tney knew he wouW do when they
>iif ed him?
¡V.r Chairmar, you seethe position Mr. Tyler
oco s -s H*->tands hign towards the political
¿en , and where do bis Cabinet standi They
oco ¡y, on tae most leading measures and policy
oi the lounirj, a position directly opposite to the
ft i ent. ílutnor, which I am informed has be-
ccm^ p ¡sonifitd, and has a "local habitation and
a name," says ihs entire Cabinet are in fa-
vor of a National Bank. I need not resort to ru-
mor on this subject. It is not denied, but admitted
by all, that the Cabinet are all friendly to the esta-
fa lshment of a United States Bank, iftd, more-
over, it is UQt denied, but also admitted, by all^thal
