áei
27th Cong "-1st Sess.
zatz
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Post Office Appropriation Bill—Mr. Gordon._______
Angnst, 1841.
H. of Reps.
the charter of* National Bank: ts the most impor-
tan* measure now before the country or Congress.
One pirty in the nation honestly believe the mea-
jsur'" Í aught with the most injurious consequences
U> th peop e, while the other consider it the corner
su' i ot ail human happiness and prosperity.
Under uiese- circumstances, can any Cabinet
existí The object oí a cabinet would be destroyed
% a continuation of the present. Friends, harmo-
niz r g m great leading measures, which, of necessi-
ty, form them, into the same party, ought to com-
pose As cabinet. Was. it ever known before, m
this or anj other, country, that the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation was of one party m polifcs,
and bis Cabinet of another? The American peo-
ple, at this time, have this extraordinary spectacle
before them    It cannot endure.
Oil other gre<u and leading measures the Pre-
sident and the Cabinet differ as widely as they do
on fie Na'wnal Bank. President Tyler, as I read
and ara informed, m his public and private life—in
his public addresbes, and m his official papers, hai>
br-en uniiormly opposed to "proscription for
opinion's sake.1'
I will present, Mr. Chairman, two documents,
both written by President Tyler, one before the
last November elections, and the othei since that
period. One was to gentlemen in Charleston, and
is it the following  words-
£ Jíí c-ui e he regards the public offices of the country as ere
ated U r the benefit and advantage of the people and not foi
the politic il advantage ot the President and in that spirit tit
tcri> denied on the part ot the President to remove irom office
oi ~ 'who 13 hone&t capable an 1 faithful to the Constitution,'
to m ike way foi another whose chief recommendation is to be '
ft in 1 n his being a noisy   and  clamorous demagogue and
P*Ut  !*djl  "
The other is dated 9tli April, 1841, and is as
follow :
'1 will remove no incumbent from office who has faithfully
and honestly acquitted himself ol the duties of Ins office ex
ce[ in audi cns< s where such ( ffieer has been guilty of an ac
ttve piitiomshlf, or by ^tcret meant—the less manly, and
thuef ip tin nore objec lonable—has given his otluial infill
ente to the | uij osi of paity, ihert-by brin^ n^ the | atrtmage
of tht Govtrnmcnt n conflict with the ite dom of eleciiom '
No one can do„ht the prtncipks at (I the acuon
of the Prel"ierjt upon this subject. But how
Stan Is the Carrier? They, and the whole Whig
party, were pledged to the people to oppose proscrip-
tion for opinion'!, sake The stump ora'ors ai d
the pienses, ine public and private m i, almost
ii lammou^ly promi ed, and pledged themselves
wiih nearly the sincmy and solemnity of sn
oath, "that proscription ¡should be proscribed," ind
they denounced the principle and policy of pro-
scription as tvranmcal in the extreme, and di alh
to all free Government  At Cleveland, Ohio,
Gr-nera! Hairison, before the elecuo i, expressed the
followin" en limp it
f I sl ov i-1 ic wiy i f ubli nftVei although he may of pose
me if he ¡ c 1 nr tly md oonscientu usly I shall ht-the
last n an to li turn him for imtto diíleunce of opinion I
would ratht'"'ullu my light arm lobe ecveitd from my body '
In his inaugural addiess, sentiments similar to
the ah ve are also prr claimed Most ot the Ca-
binet, in their expressions, were as decided ngainst
proscription as General Harrison
The whoie country was impressed with this be-
lief and doctrine, which had a mo t powerful m
iiuenee on tht Presidential election The people
heard it fiot i all qu jrtert. They heard it so co"-
stantly re.¡crated, without the least contiadiction
from llie Wbu party, that it gained credence wi h
thi>m, and was one mair> consideration, amongst
others, that induced the p ople to elect the Whig
ticket. No one can deny that this one principle,
which was "o strongly ltnpresbed on the peopte,had
as much, or perhaps more, influence m some sec-
tions of the country, than any oihei, in deciding the
election
All the members of the Cabinet knew that the
whole party were plsdgsd—bound hind and foot—
to carry out this principle They came into
power knowing tbe'e promises and pledges were
made. Ard how ha\e tney observed them1? No
country on the globe ever witnessed ^uch a wan
'onHest and recklessness in tl e conduct of pnbl c
officers, a werr exhibited nr t^c pait of seme of
the Cab net m removing officer-, and placing Whig
partisans n power. No monarch lhatevergn
verrted wi h an iron rod, exercised more arbitrary
power mjhe removal of officers, that has, been prac
used uapr the dommatien of the prcent Cabinet
These offices were not created for the use and
benefit of the Cabinet They appertain to the
people, and were established solely for their bene-
fit- but in* utter defiance of the will of the people,
and in violation of the solemn pledges and pro-
mises made and entered into before the election,
the Cabinet have removed from office hundreds and
hundreds ef the best officers in the Government for
opinion's sake. This fact is as notorious as the
sun at noon-day. Before the election, the boasted
patriotism of the Whigs was, "Is the incumbent
capable? is he honest?" Bat, after the election,
these qualifications were disregarded as the idle
wind.
Mr. Chairman, I need scarcely name cases of
removal The easier manner would be, perhaps,
to mention those retained The axe has been ap-
plied to the necks of many of the most respectable
officers id the West. Neither the highest nor tne
lowest have escaped the guillotine Surveyor
Generals, Superintendents ot Indian Affairs, land
officers, and down to the lowest postmasters in re-
mote sections, have been visited with the angry
and poisonous proscription of the Cabinet. It
would seem that the Cabinet breathes out ven-
geance and destruction against all Democratic of-
ficers No conquered country could be treated
worse by a fore'gn toe, th?n the Democrat c offi-
cers have been by the Cabinet No age cr condi-
tion could escape N® matter what was the
standing of the officer, or what «eivice he had ren-
dered to the country, all were prescribed for
opinion's sake, and prostrated to ti e dust
It is asserted in Congress, and other plieps, and
not denied, that about one hundred and thirty offi-
cer'm the Post Office Dtpartment are removed
' per week. This is doing the work of destruction
with a vengeance never before thought of This
slaughter and havoc were not committed in the
heat of passion, or under the excitement of party
feelings It was committed in the Post Office De-
partment with ihe same deliberation and thirst or
vengeance that «ometimes we tee a man seek for
the heart's blood of his fellow man.
The enormities were perpret'sted on the offices
and officers ol the people, and that, too, against the
express promises and pledges of the Whig parly
The first vxtim of the vengeance ol the Post
Office Depailment, was in the town of Belle-
ville, where I rtside A postma" er, in every respect
"capable and honest," was removed for opinion's
sake, and one placed in tie office that neither
Whig or Democrat desired. The just sense of
propriety was outraged in this appointment
Other outrages throughout the country were
committed, similar to the above Public opinion
became excited with indignation, and has con-
demned the course with becomtng seventy
President Tyler is well acquainted with the
above facts and circums'ances He knows the
pledges given before the election He knows that
proscription was to be proscribed, and he al«o
knows as well, that the Cabinet has, m open disre-
gard and m violation of the same p'edges, pro
scribed thousands for opini n's sake alone
Is it possible, or is it right, Mr. Chairman, that an
Administration of this character, the Cabinet on one
side of great and leading measures, and the President
on the other, can be carried on for the good of the
country? Do (he people expect it, or do they de-
sire it' Is it not due to the country, that the Cabi-
net should be dissolved? it is due to the Cabinet
officers themselves Is it possible for the President,
'inder these circumstances, and under ihe influence
of distrae'ed counsel?, to sustain himself, or to ad-
miri'ster the Government for Ihe prosperity and
happiness of the people? Should the Cabinet be
retained against reason, and common sense, the
Pre"der> will find ihem a mills-one around his
neck, destroying his energies and usefulness to the
people.
i he President is ih  re'ponsible officer to the
people for his admini tration He was selected
and made responsible for this high trust. It is to
him the people lot k for ihe correct administration
ot the public aff.irs of the nation He has
pledged himself before and after the election to op-
pose proscription for opinion's sake, and he also
knows the party was pledged m like manner to
oppose it. And is he not bound aid responsible to
observe and keep the pledgcs'of the party on which
he was elected1*
Moreover, I may observe that he did not select
the present Cabinet They are not his choice, and
he is not at all bound, in personal respect or other-
wise, to retain them, against the will and the good
of the people
In the dissolution of th"1 Cabinet I have no per-
sonal or private feelings of hostility to gratiry. I
make these remarks, for the good of Ihe country,
as I am clearly satisfied that the prosperity ard
happiness of the people will be better promoted by
a Democratic Administration than under the domi-
nation of the Whig party. If the Cabinet be dis-
solved, proscription will cease, and the country be
free, alio, from the government oí a National Bank
SPEECH OF  MR.   GORDON,
OF NEW YORK
In the House of Representatives, Jlugust 25,1841—
In Committee of the Whole, on the bill to make
appropriation for the Post Office    Department,
Mr Everett of Vermont in the Chair.
Mr. GORDON inqu.red of the Cnair what the
pending   amendment to the   bill   was.     It was
read by the Clerk, in these words-
"Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall be ac
counted for by the Post Office Department heieafte when the
condition of its funds shall permit to be refunded into the Trea
sury, or deducted from any bums which the Post Office Da
partment may heretofore have paid irto the Treasury "
The amendment having been read,
Mr Gokdin pleasantly íemarked, he supposed
the whole field and range of debate w ere open, and
proceeded and spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman The bill proposes to appropri-
ate the sua of $497,657 out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the
Post Office Department to meet its engagements,
and pay l's debts, to be accounted for in the man-
ner prescribed in the second section of the act t©
change the organization of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and to provide more effectually for the set-
tlement of the accounts thereof, passed July 2,
1836 The amendment just read provides that the
money thereby appropriated shall be accounted
for by the Post Office Department hereafter, when
the condition of the funds shall permit to be re-
funded into the Treasnry, or deducted from any
sums which 'he Post Office Department may here-
tofore have paid into the Treasury.
It is important to a just appreciation of the pro-
priety of this measure in limine, to inquire how
much the Department is in debt, wnen and how
that occurred, what means it has to discharge its
obligations, what deficit, if any, exists, and whether
the creditors are cred.tort, of the Government or of
the Department? As to the liabilities of ihe De-
partment, and its means to liquidate its debts, I
have no other source of information than the letter
of the Postmaster General, under date of the 2d
instant, with the accompanying statements of the
Auditor of the Treasury for this Department, and
of the Chief Clerk, statir g the pressing necessities un-
der which the Department is strugglmg,and address-
ed to the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads Prom those documents,
furnished by the Postmaster General himself, as
the authority and foundation for this appropria-
tion of nearly half a million of dollars, to relieve
the Department froni its piecing necessities, I
will demonstrate that the Department can and
ought, without cal'mg on the Treasury, to pay all
its debts due to contractors cr others, with Us own
proper means, derived and derivable from its own
resources
The entire debt due to contractor  and others on
the 30th day of June last, was $347,657 The bill
proposes to go beyond this, it appropriate?
$497 657, putting into the hands of the Postmaster
General $150 000 surplus, under the pretence of
providing for unavailable balance , lo guard < gainst
fluctuations in ihe revenue, and to dsfray contin-
gencies He is not content with being furnished with
cash enough to pay the whole deb' of the Depart-
ment as made out by himself, in his own way,
with all the vouchers and evidences of the indebt-
edness in his ownkeeping,but he has ihe assurance
to   ask to    be  supplied   with    surplus   funds,
