August, 1841;___________      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________,_____________¿ft
27m Cong.- -1st Sess.______________________Fiscal Bank—Mr. Kennedy.                                                              H. of Reps. .
referred to testify, and the files of the Department
will further and more fully show.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Po>t Roads [Mr, Brigos] taade
the statement that the late Administration left the
Department in debt $500,000. Now so far from
it, the entire debt, which has been materially en-
larged since the late Administration went out of
power, now is but $347,657, having all the means
to meet that debt to which I have called the atten-
tion of the committee and will not here again re-
peat. Was ihe gentleman sincere in mak-
ing that .statement Did he believe what he
said? Was it made to go abroad over the
country for political effect, to keep up an un-
founded prejudice against the members of the
late Admmis'ration party, and draw away public
attention from the mismanagement and maladmi-
nistration of the present party in power? Or, in
the heat and zeal of argument to serve his party
on this floor, d.d he unwittingly exaggerate the
amount of the debt, and forget to inform the country
that a portion of that debt had been increased un-
der the agency of his friend, Mr. Granger? No
matter what the motive was, t>e fact is otherwise,
and I felt it my duty to correct the error into which
the honorable gentleman had fallen.
"■ J am not opposed to the prompt payment of the
contractors to the utmost farthing. I would give
my support to any bill that would authorize the
Department to borrow the money on its own good
credit, but not from the Treasury, never io ba re-
paid. The debt is not due from this Government,
but from the Department. Not that this Govern-
ment would eventually see the creditors of thatDs-
partment suffer. It was contracted, not upon the
faith and credit of the Treasury of the United
United States, but upon the ordinary means of the
Depaitment, and what its means ar none know
better than the contractors themselves. They con-
tract with the Department in the full knowlsdge
of the contingencies and fluctuatipns of the re-
venue of the Department, and they fir their
price for carrying the mail accordingly. They
are enormously paid for their servicesof ten fifty per
centum above the cost. Their dependence on the
ordinary means of th-i Department, which are
subject to occasional fluctuations, for a remunera-
tion of their services, accounts for the extravagant
cempensation they receive. That circumstance
alone would render it impolitic and unjust to pay
them from a Treasury, on \vho=e faith they never
contracted, to which fund, those who do not use the
mails contribute, and whose emptiness has but just
been supplied by a loan of 012,000,000. They con-
racted on the faith of the Post Office revenue?, know
ing all about their liability to fluct uations, and should
abidetheir time the same as the ciedilors proper of
the Treasury. Suppose ihe Department for two
or ihree months to come shall not be in the re-
ceipt of revenue sufficient to discharge all its debts,
in the mean time; would the contractors have any
reason to complain, in view of all the circum-
stances, if they shall be compelled to wait that
length of time? Shall, for that cause alone, the whole
system and policy of the Department, of resting
and relying on its own resources to meet its en-
gagements, be changed.and its expenditures thrown
upon the Treasury? I contend not. Did not the con-
tractors, under Mr. Barry, who remained unpaid till
after Mr. Kendal! came into office, (and they were
far more numerous than they now are,) have to wait
till Mr. Kendall could raise the mon y to pay them?
Where, then, were the friends and the advocates
of this bill found? Wete they, in lugubrious
strains, pleading the cause of the suffering
contractors, and urging on Congress the neces-
sity of resorting to the Treasury for their re-
lief? Ob, no! But, on the contrary, while Mr.
Kendall was providing the means from the re-
sources of the Department, they were abusing and
calumniating him in round set terms. And has it
come to*this, that the contractors under Mr. Barry
and Mr. Kendall were to have one measure of
justice meted out to them, and the contractors un-
der Mr. Granger to have another and a bet-
ter to them? And was that a stipulation
in any bargain, before the late election, by ,
which they were   drawn   off  from the  support
of the Administration to which Mr. Kendall
belonged, and made oyer to the great Whig par-
ty, "Tippecanoe and Tyler teo," because Mr.
Kendall would not prostiiute his office for their
accommodation and benefit? I put this to the con-
sciences of the high contracting parties, if any
there were, and leave it for them to answer. I hope
at least they may find in any Postmaster General
as faithful, honest, and unconpromising a public
servant as they found in Mr. Kendall, aiad who
will deal as strictly by them.
A word or two more, and I have done. The De-
partment is a self-regulating system, intended by
its founders to exist by itself, and depend on itself,
for the exclusive means cf its support; that those
who use the mails, and are benefited by them,
should pay in pioportion to the benefits received;
and that those who receive no benefit should pay
no tax. It is the most equal, just, and equitable
mode of taxation ever devised by the wit of man.
And on that principle hasit ever been conducted and
administered, and ever should be. This is the first
attempt since the foundation of the Department to
change that ptinciple, and pension the concern
upon the Treasury, that those who use tea, coffee,
salt, and sugar, in their families, but never send or
receive a letter, paper, pamphlet, or document,
through mails, shall pay the postage for those who
do. I hope, in conclusion, that but few Demo-
crats will be found aiding this first effort of a
scheme to reverie the whole system and to change
the great principles of equity and justice on which
it rests. I would sooner see the system of can y-
ing the mails done away, and the whole matter
thrown open to private enterprise and competition,
or every man bis own mail carrier, which I trust
and hope will never happen, than to  ee the De-
partment connected wuh the general Treasury of
the nation.
SPEECH OF MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives, August 2,   1841—■■
On the bill from the Senate for the charter of a
Fiscal Bank of the United States.   Delivered in
Committee of the   Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. Chairman: It is with great diffidence that
I attempt to discuss this question—not only because !
I am a young man, and at the same time a new
member of this floor; but because it is a question
(f va«:t magnitude, one which involves the high-
est questions of constitutional law, as well as le-
gislative expediency—a qne?tirn which has agita-
ted the country and divided the political parties
ever since ihe foundation of the Government: well,
therefore, may I feel embarrassed in entering the
arena in the discussion of this bit1. But, Mr.
Chairman, I have sought and accented my place
in the councils of my country; and I dare not
now shrink from the responsibility which my posi-
tion imposes upon me. Therefore, I beg the kind
indulgence of the cimmitte^ whilst I, in as brief
a manner as possible, attempt to discharge what I
believe to be a high consti'udonal duty.
And, preliminary to the remarks I have to
make upon the main question, I beg leave to state
to the committee the strange position I occupy
upon this question. It is claime 1 hy ihe friend-; of
this bill (with what justice I shall hereafter inquire)
that the late Pres'dential election was a decision of
the people of the United States in favor of a Na-
t onal Bank.
The district I have the boner to represent upon
this floor a: the last election gave to the success-
ful candidates for President and Vice President a
majority of nearly four thousand votes.
Since that time I have b en elected t« a seat in
this body, with a full knowledge that I was uncom-
promisingly opposed to a National Bank, to h
upin the grounds of expediency andconstita'ion-
ality. And, although I do not hesitate a moment
as to the course it i-i my duty to pursue, yet I must
he pardoned for saying that the apparent difficul-
ties surrounding me somewhat obstruct my path:
and those difficulties would certair.ly be much in-
creased, were it not for the fact that I feel fully
satisfied in my own mind that a majority of my
constituents are, with me, epposed to the establish-
ing of a National Bank at this time. This, how-
ever, is between my constituents and myseK; and
should I be mistaken as to their will in relation to
this subject, I will cheerfully abide their judgment
in the premises.
In the discussion of this question, I shall be
brief, and cenfine myself to as few points as pos-
sible, bearing constantly in mind that the clock
over your door keeps up a constant ticking; and
that every sweep of the pendulum shortens the
silly minutes which the wisdom of this deliberative
bodv has meted out to representative of fifty thou-
sand freemen, in which to discuss a measure that
may, and in all probability will, affect, for toetl or
for wo, thtm and their children for the next half
century !
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, I believe this
proposition to be a gross and palpable violation of
the Constitution. I know that the friends of a
bank believe, or affect to believe, that, so far as its
constitutionally is concerned, this is a settled ques-
tion. Be it so fo them; I certainly am not not to
set up a standard for them to measure constitu-
tional questions by. But let it at the same time be
remembered that the argument, whatever potency
it may have for other gentlemen, can never satisfy
my conscience.
When I took my seat here, I took a solemn af-
firmation to "support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slates." This oaih irtposed upon me the so-
lemn obligation, as far as in me lies, to preserve
inviolate that sacred instrument. Therefore, let no
man tell me that this or that man—that this or that
Congress—that this or that court—has decided a
constitutional question, upon which I am called to
give a vote. I must be permitted, upon a constitu-
tional question, to think and judge, for myself; my
undertaking m this matter was for myself; there-
fore, my own judgment, aided by all the light I can
brin  to bear upon it, must be my rule of action.
Tms Government acts entirely upon delegated
authority, and the Constitution is the instrument to
which we must look t  determine the authority
upon which it acts, and which may properly be
defined to be ihe power of attorney given to it by
the Stares and the people; and in it we must find all
the power that we may rightfully exercise. It is
agreed, by all sound constructionists, that the Ge-
neral Government cannot exercis^any power that
is not expressly conferred, or resulting from neces-
sary implication; or, in oiher words, the power
must be given m express terms, or have been in-
tended to be given, but, the termi being ambigu-
ous, it is to be supposed the intention of the fra-
meis was to confer it. If tbjs be the correct
position, it follows that Congress can no more exer-
cise a power that the framers of that instrument
refused to grant, than they can do that which is
therein expressly prohibited.
Placing myself upon this ground, I contend that
so far from the Constitution giving to Congress the
power to charter a National Bank, the framers
of that instrument expressly refused to confer that
power. If I shall be successful in establishing this
position, the whole doctrine of implied power falls
to the ground; for certainly no person will serious-
ly contend that any power was conveyed by im-
plication, which was directly refused.
It will be seen, by reference to the history of the
of the Convention which framed the Constitution,
that a proposition was made to give to Congress
the power to grant acts of incorporation, and that
this proposition was voted down by a large majori-
ty. One of the reasons urged why Congress should
not possess this power, was, that if this power was
conferred, then Congress would have power under
it to charter a National Bank. It is, therefore, plain
to my mind that Congress does not possess this
power to incorporate a Bank; not because th<5
framers of the Constitution neglected to corner the
power directly, but because, upon full consideration,
they expressly refused to grant the power. Upen
what ground, after this express refnr.pl, cau gentle-
men cl/tisn for Congress the exercsc of this power?
!t is said that a Bank will te a conveni'nee as a
'fiscal agent" to ihe Government; and, therefore,
you have the right to create it, under the general
clause authorizing Congress to pas* "all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying;
