AP1MDIX Jgfi ^fc$fflSG^feSSie&AL ^LOBE.
August, 1841.
UStxn Costo. •• Tst"Sess.
Macal EanJf-—lflr. ~Kéññe3y\
H. of Reps.
ISJo execution the foregoing power , and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States." If the authority is to
be drawn from this clause of the Constitution, it
must bé shown to be clearly necessary.' It will not
do to say that it would be a convenience. But I cut
this argument up by the roots, by going behind the
"Po"i>sthutiQn, and showing, that the framers of it
clearly repudiated this power, either as a necessity
or ¿¡rhitefíUñce, and, by refusing to confer it, pro-
hibited its exercise. Away, then, with this doc-
tirft&.'of derivative power. The danger to the juris-
diction of the States, and the inherent aristocratic
tendencies which it contains, all forbid that it
should" be added lo the already fearful and dan-
gerous mass of Federal powers. - To exercise this
power is, to my mind, a palpable usurpation and
a gross violation of the Constitution. To illus-
trate my jiews on this subject more clearly, I
will put an example: By the Constitution of
ftas United States, it is provided that "no title
of nobility shall be'granted by the United States."
Here is an act which is expressly prohibited;
fhis act, all will agree, cannot bo constitu-
tionally done. Well, let us go a little further.
íhé convention which framed this Constitution re-
fiét'd to give Congress the power to incorporate a
Bank. Now, let it be remembered that Congress
can exercise no power but what was given by
the Constitution; and will any person tell me how
one of these things can be constitutionally done
more than the other? Before God, I would as
soon vote for a bill graning the title cf nobility,
as for a bill chartering a National Bank. Sir,
there is a strange error in the minds of many gen-
tlemen as to the proper interpretation to be given
to our Constitution. I was once told by a gentle-
man who, upon general subjects, was well in-
formed, and who seemed to be sane upon all sub-
jects but politics, that there could be no doubt of
Congress ha"ing the power lo incorporate a Na-
tional Bank. Upon my inquiring of him whst
gave him such confidence in his opinion? he au-
swered me, with an air of triumph, that the Con-
stitution did not prohibit the exercise of thatpower!
This notion of prohibition, no doubt, in a great
measure, grows out of ourconnection wiih the com-
mon law of England, and taking the construciion
which is there given to the British Constitution.
We seem to forget that the legislative power of
that country is omnipotent, except so far as it is re-
strained by magna charla, which they call iheir Con-
stitution. We must recollect that (he power of
Congress is entirely designated. We look to our
Constitution to see what we may do; whilst they
look to their Constitution to tee what they may
not do.
Sir, I said before that the Constitution was the
power of attorney by which Congress acts; and
who ever heard of a person looking to his power
of attorney to see what he was prohibited from do-
ing? He looks to it to see what acts are therra
authorized, well knowing ¡hat the moment he over-
steps its bounds he has transcended his powers,
and the act itself becomes null and void.
But I am told that the Judiciary have decided
that Congress may exercise this power, and there-
fore I am no longer to question ths authority. Sir,
the Judiciary once decided the alien and sedition
laws to be constitutional. I would like to s-e the
man at this day who would adhere to the exercise
of that power on ihe authority of the Judiciary.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am again admonished by
that iron finger of time (pointing to the clock) th.it
my allotted time is on the gallop, and, if I would
keep up, I must mind my trot.
To proceed, then, with the argument: I believe
that the pwsagf of this bill at this time is inexpe-
dient; and it is upon this question that mpst of my
Whig constituents, who are opposed to this Bank,
and myself, asree. What, sir, is to be the effect
upon the country of the passage of this bill at the
present juncture of affair ?
The country "is at this time slowly, but steadily,
recovering from one of those tremendous convul-
sions occasone'd by overtrading to a vast amount,
stimulated by the inordinate issue of bank pap^r.
The late convulsions had their origin in this paper
curse.   And now you propose to cure the evil in-
flicted by the bursting of a paper bubbl«, by creat-
ing another machine for its issue. This remedy
reminds me of the old saying, that "the hair of the
dog will cure his bite." Sir, this saying, lidicu-
lous as it is, is as true in fact, and as suund in
theory, as this proposed remedy for the evils of the
times. Let us inquire for a moment how you pro-
pose to create this Bank. Do you propose to es-
tablish it without a good and sufficient specie ba-
sis? If you do, before it has been six months in
operation, you will have the mortification of seeing
it breathe its last in a suspension never to be re-
sumed; whilst its paper will be left in the hands of
the unsuspecting yeomanry of the country, there
to depreciate and die. I warn gentlemen not to
push this trickery and fraud upon the people of
this country too far, lest they arouse a spirit in the
bosoms of those who have so long borne the frauds
and villanies of banks and bankers, that will, in
one mighty burst of indignation, upset and root
out the whole hord-; of banks from the soil
of freedom. Take care that.in sowing the
wind you do not reap the whirlwind. "Bat suppose
it is to have a proper specie basis. I ask where
is this specie basis to come from? Do you pro-
pose to resort again to the bankers of Europe? Be-
fore this is done, I beg you to recollect that this
counlry is no v, including States, corporations, and
individuals, mortgaged to the bankers of Europe
for the sum of two hundred ■million of dollars—the
annual interest on which amounts to nearly ten
million of dollars! Do you propose to increase
this indebtedness? Recollect that this interest is a
constant drain upon the specie of the country. Ves,
sir; it takes the hard money or the hard labor of Ihe
country to pay this interest. We may be content
to take paper rags as money; we may salisfy our-
selves with this shadow of money; but these cun-
ning bankers, into whose hands you propose to put
us, know the difference; and as for your paper mo-
ney, they will have none of it.
If Ihe capital of ibis bank is not to come across
the briny deep, where is it to come from? The
answer'is a plain one. The most of it must be
drawn from the vaults of the local banks of the coun-
try. The most of these banks are now in a state of
suspension. It is desirable that they should resume
specie payments. What will be the effect upon
these basks, if you extract from them twenty or
thirty millions of their specie basis? The answer
is, you put it out of their power to resume.' For if
they resume, your great mammoth regulator will
commence a run upon them, for the purpose of
filling her own voracious maw; and the whole of
them will be whelmed in one common wreck of
ruin. The scenes of 1818, '19, '20, and '21, will
be again enae'ed in this country.
Sir, I will not stop to draw a picture of the wide-
spread ruin that overran the whole Western coun-
try the foor years succeeding the establishment of
th-1 Bank in 1816. Many who now hrar me have
vivid recollection of that period. But if past ex-
perience is not sufficient, pass this bill, and you
will have it again enacted before your e;es.
But, Mr. Chairman,' there is still another view
in which I wish to examine this subject for a mo-
ment or two. It was well remarked the other
day, by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
whilst discussing the revenue bill, "that, of all
things most to he desired by the country, it was
that there should be stability in the revenue duties."
This, sir, is a truism; and it is no less applicable
to the amount of the circulating medium of the
country, than to its tariff duties. A constant fluc-
tuation from high to low prices from abundance
to scarcity of circulating medium, is the curse of
any countrv; an expansion today and a contrac-
tion to-moirow disturbs commerce, destroys agri-
culture, and sits like an incubus upon the prospects
of the day laborer. All the«e evils are to bn the
fruits of this money-making machine. Gentlemen
say that this Bank will regulate the currency.
Regulate the currency ! Why, sir, it will neither
have the will nor the ability to regulate the cur-
rency. I will tell you how it will regulate the cur-
rency. When it gets fairly into operation, it will
commence a system of expansion, arid all the small
•banks of the country will follow suit.
For the first six or  twelve months,  or just as
long as the bank chooses, money (or rather paper)
will be plenty. All things will go on swimming-
ly—property, produce, labor, every thing, will
rise. Th^re will be an apparent improvement of
the times; men will begin to think themselves rich
again; speculation will again commence; thousands
will begin to live by their wits, depending for their
daily bread upon the industry of others; and you
will again hear the knave and the fool crying,
"See, what a glorious time we have!" Upon the
face of all this apparent prosperity, by a close in-
spection you will see the hectic fiush of the return-
ing spasm.
Shortly, the Bank begins to curtail its discounts
—contract the circulating medium, will fee the
word. In a few short months they will reduce
the amount of the circulating medium millions up-
on millions. It will fall as fast as it rose, and will
end as much below the medium amount as* it was
before aboi'e it. The farmer's crop will be left to
rot in his fields, or in his granaries, for the want
of a market; the day laborer will be left tostarvefor
want of employment. In short, high and low
prices, plenty, and scarcity, will be the-constant
iheme; whilst the best interests of the country will
become the by-sport and playthiags of your mise-
rable moneymengers—the whole to end in the to-
tal insolvency of the Bank; whilst the widow and
the orphan, who have trusted their funds to iis
management, will be left to beg for bread. Such,
sir, will be the beginning and the end of your re-
gulator of the currency. I beg yoti to look to its
prototype, the late Bank of the United States,
which now lies a heap of ruins—a by-word and
reproach to the fair city in whose bosom it lived,
flourished, and died. Sir, this is not all: this is to
be the Treasury Bank—the fisc of the nation.
Where is all that holy horror so lately rung from
one end of this Union to the olher, at the union of
the purse and the sword? Where, are all those
evidences of the connection between the Executive
power and the money of the nation, which was
found in the simple operations of the Sub-Trea-
sury? If there was real danger to our liberties from
ths amount of money that would be under the
control of the Executive by the management of
the Independent Treasury, I ask what will be the
danger when you place this Bank, with all its
tremendous powers, under the control, and make
it a branch of the Executive arm of this Govern-
ment? Sir, when it is the pleasure of the ma-
nagers of this Fiscal Bank to make the people
believe thai "the powers that be" are wise and trust-
worthy, they will show you how prosperous they
have made the country, by issuing millions upon
millions of paper promises; and then the cry will
go forth, Lo, what a prosperous people we are!
But, on the o'.her hand, when it shall suit their
pleasure to convince us that the country is ruined,
they will not be slow in applying to it their ruining
powers: turn down the Bank screws, will be the or-
der; and, my word for it, they will keep them turn-
ing until they make their victim cry for mercy.
Sir, if this machine goes into operation, the time
may be close at hand when these "fiscal hosrons"
will give us a sample of their skill in making a
President unpopular. If it were in order, I might
point you to the men upon whom it will first ope-
rate; and I might further point to the persen to
whose benefit this operation is to enure.
May the God of Liberty save my country from
the fangs of such a heartless and soulless moneyed
oligarchy as will settle around and about this mise-
rable «-Fiscal Bank ot the United States!"
But whatever may be the disastrous consequences
of the creation of this Bank, as I said in the'eom-
mencement of my remarks, we are to be told that
the people have willed it, and there is nothing left
for us to do but to register the the decree. Upon this
fact I take issue with the friends of this bill; and
as'they hold the affirmative, I call upon them for
their procf. A negative, Mr. Chairman, is rarely
susceptible of proof; but in this instance I
have some evidence upon my side of this quention,
which I am disposed to produce, to show that the
people ot this nation did not decide in favor of a
Bank by the election of Gen. Harrison.
The first witness that I introduce is the present
Executive of the natian.   He having been elected
