August, 1841.
27ÍH Con .... 1st Seus,.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Repeal of Independent Treasury, tyc.—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
rose to the highest price. Circle after circie ex-
panded up in the surface of the waters around us.
The frenzy of excitement was complete. Every
man thought he had nothing to do but to stretch
out h s hand and grasp a fortune without bcund*
Each new Siate or corporation credit bat swelled
eoqpanMon and raised prices, and then created the
demand for a new and stili more enlarged circula-
tion. The consequence was, that State Govern-
ment credits of all sorts became so cheap that
they were shipped instead of produce, which the
home price made too dear to ship; so much so,
that even foreign wheat was imported into our
own country to sell, under our local expansion.
I will not go ¡n'o the theory of that beautiful
and philosophical proposition, as to the effects
of cheap and expanded credits upon the shipment
of produce, which was ¡>o ably treated by my inend
fiom Virginia [Mr. Hunter] the other night.
In addition to me State Government credits,
and corporation credits, that w^re thrown upon
the market of the world, I have shown you that id
1836 this Government also had, in the shape of its
depoMtes in the local banks, tunds to the amount
of |26,747,803 96, upon which business was done
to stimulate the local expansion.
When credits were thus expanded to the highest
points, every th ng rose to the highest price, except
the public land ; and they were subject to entry
at a fixed price. Trfe consequence was, that all
investments had a tendency to the fixed prices of
our public lands; and, under this local expansion,
they would have been enüre'y absorbed in a few
years. The evil wa  growing and overwhelming;
and, from the immense public deposites which were
daily increasing in the local banks, the Govern-
ment itself was aiding to swell and inflate the tide,
so much so, that the public deposites in the first
part of 1837 were $45,968 523 86 But in 1836
we passed the deposite act, or, as it his been ei-
roneously called, the distribution act; which took
the depo«ites from the commer. íal points, where
they had been used to discount upon and increase
the circulation, and deposited them with the
States—not in proportion to commercial demands,
but m proportion to federal population This
brought the funds from the central points of com-
merce to the interior, and produced a demand for
their convertibility into cash or equivalent fui ds,
This prodnced a great check uoon credits and dis-
counts. The local institutions at commercal
pemts felt it deeply. But, in fhe mean time, to-
wards the latter end of 1836 the tide began to turn.
The Bank of England, that had stimulated Ameri-
can eredits for two years, began to feel the neces-
sity of calling m its debts in gold and silver or avail-
able funds. American stocks had been put up at
the high rates of 5 and 6 per cent. The London
capitalists had oeen tempted to take them. In the
mean time, the stock ot bullion in die Bank of
England was low, and tney commented a system
ot contraction, raised the pnce of interest, and mer-
chants and capitalists of England were compelled
to call in their debts abroad. Their agents^ were
ordered to dispone of their stocks, and, in lieu of
the shipment ot produce to a falling ma'ket, to re-
mit the amount in spec e or bilis of exchange. The
consequence wa;, exchanse rose m favor of Eng-
land from every indtb'ei point, until it soon ex-
ceeded the co§t of freight, interest, and insurance
upon the transportation of specie.* Buihon was
brought into the bank from every quarur of the
globe. On 7di March, 1837, tb<* bank leduced *-a-
ptdiy her loans; and on the 14th December, 1837,
had ac'ua'ly reduced mem m those few monuia
¿£7,852,000, or n-ar $40,000,000. At the same
time, she increased tier bullion ¿£4,124,000, or
about $20 000,000. This, of course, was with-
drawing so much fiom ihe basis of credits and cir-
culation elsewhere, and was equivalent to a con-
traction. Add this to the sum ot $40 000,000 re-
duced in loa^s, and it makes near $60,000,000
within about nine months. Mark, now, that on
the 7th March, 1837, this tremendous operation
commenced. We immediately felt it deeply and
'ensibly, in every part of America.   The conse-
* Report of 0m Chambu of Commerce and Manufactures at
Manchester, 1SÍ0, page 6
quence wai, tuat exchange rose so high, that, on
the 12th May, 1837, about two or three months af-
ter it commenced, our banks wtre driven to a ge-
neral suspension, or they would have lost all their
s'pecie And now, to ascribe this to the Indepeij^
dent Treasury, upon ths adoption of which we
were not called to decide until September, 1837,"
argues the grossest ignorance or most wanton
knavery. Sir, it arose from the stimulated and
highly expanded state of the commercial world
I's effects were aggravated here by the extensive
use of State credits, corporation credits, and final-
ly by the use of Federal Government credits, in
the shape of heavy public deposites, which were
received in paper circulation, and handed over to
the local institutions as ihe basis of new and en-
larged expansion. The catastrophe and convul-
sion would have happened und'r any system; but
it would have been much modified and but lit-
tle felt in this n?w coustry, if it had not been
for the Government use of bank circulation,
and the inordinate and extensive use of State
and General Government credits, as I have de-
scribed, in the business and commerce of the Con-
federacy.
If it was the war of Government upon «edit,
or the independent Treasury, that produced these
great re«ult-, what was it lhat produced a simulta-
neous effect through every county and town in
England1* What was it that produced, in 1837, a
revuliion in every commercial country in the
world, which was felt in exact proporucn to the
use of paper crculation and the expansion pro-
duced by simulated credits? I have not time to
read full extracts from British pamphlets giving
statements of the universal and dreadful distress
that prevailed throughout England in 1837 and
1838. No man can read the various accounts
from the different parishes, of the miserable, hun-
gry, starving po i,who were compelled to beg for
support, and the hundreds and thousands who re-
ceived s«up from the hands of chanty, or bread
from the police regulation of the different towns,
without eeling the deepest emotions of sorrow I
can only make a few quotations to show the ex
tent of* the pressure and rum in Enaland in 1837
I quote from the report ef the Chamber of Com-
merce and Manufactures at Manchester, which fur-
nisher more facts than any document I have ever read
read bearing upon these points. It was made on
the 12 h of December, 1828. At page 14 the lan-
gu> ge is as follows:
"It may be estimated th it, m the production of the five great
manufactures of cotton^, woollens, silke, linen?, and haidwares,
capital (fixed and floating") is. employed amounting to one hun
¿red millions sterling
"The rates ofdepreciation. caused by the late panic upon all
these gieat atlicles of pioduction may be gathered without dif
ficutty fiom the pnces cunent of the pung and summer of
1g37    They fell m pnce vamusly iioni20to 50 per re it
' To estimate the amount ot li^i u wn these mi jfactures,
they pinstalao be followed into the hands of the wholesale and
retail dealer whose looses upon stock, consequent upon the
opeiations of the Bank of England on tne urrent y, are mcui n d
simultaneous with thn^e of the fust prouu r« Sscaitelyone
ot these escaped, in 1837, without the sacrifice of the whole of
the ordinary profits oí the year's trade, and many lost, by the
fall m ttie value ortheir stock, the whole of thur cipltat uho
In pioof of the jitter tart, it may be stated tl at Í 939 fiats in
bankruptcy werei^ned in 1837—the aveiis,e of t!?e fotu previ
ou8 years amounting o l,2o6 only, v. i! l a proportionate m
crease occurred in the numher of prívale compositions " 'At
a moderate computation, from twenty to thirty millions of rapt
tal may be estimated tobe employed by the wholesale and re
tail tiaders enga^d m the distribution of the five gict menu
factures enumeiateet above " " It has been shown how the po
licy of the Bat k oí England affects th< foreign tiader, by com
1 ellmg hnn to impoit at heavy «acuhces the bullion required
to iep!enii-h its exhiiiwed enfTei**" < Of our prrduce and
manula tt res consumed m loieign coonme^, the greatest por
uonis sent abtcaí by i rnt--h ctpitatists \euiy the whole f
our exports to Indlt and China, at k¿ t sevon elgh h of the
amount shipped to ->omh America an 1 a thud of the e^r 11 ^
to the continent ot Europe, v, lut the wu le of oui colomaltra L
ate forwaided by i.ulHh metchants Ihom thu y to foitv
mili oiis of pounds ot ilnttc-h capital i^ probably employed in
the foreign commerce of the country " The amount of British
rapitalthuspnnmeiated ale as follows
"Employed in the production of the five great article of cotton
woollen «ilk, linen and hardware                       jEIOO 1)00,000
In the wholesale and retail distiibuticu of the
same                                                                           23,000,000
In the whole of the foreign 'commerce of the
country                ....                   25 000,C30
X110 000,000
.£40,000,000
Lowest estimate of loss 25 per cent
without embracing the less prominent branches of our domes
tic tnanufacluie , including the tiade m a thousand articles of
daily consumption and omitting the traffic m agricultural pro
dueüoas, alt ot which were moie or less affected by the revul-
sion of prices Heference has here been made to a cipttót of
one hundred and sixty millions, upon which we may.,«*«&,&
tangible lose, varying from 25 to 50 per cent by the fottxclde-
prestation of value in 1837 This sacrifice of forty millions, at
ihe least, and whteh constitutes a fractidn only of the- tosses
simultaneously sustained by the entire commercial worldy wa 
incurred in ordei that the Bant of England might regain pon-
session of six or seven millions of specie, which it had ¡previous^
ly forced out of the country by the undue expansion of the
currency "                                                                           < -* ^ *
Again, page 17, it is said.                            *   -
"But the heavy pecuniary losses incurred by our capitalists,
constitute a minor evil when compared with the moral a4d
social injuries inflicted upon the laboring classes by the flue-
tuations m the currency " "In the spring and susptme? of
1S37, vast numbers of the working classes in all the large towns
were suddenly deprived of employment, and thrown lipón
their own feeble resouices for the maintenance of their fami-
lies.5'
"In the greater part of the important manufacturing coun-
ties of Stafford, Nottingham, and Leicester, a cessation m ¿he
demand for labor took place in 1837, more sudden In its ap>
proach, and more extensive in its operations, than has been
known on any previous occasion In many places, owing to
the insufficiency of the work house accommodation, they were
obliged to suspend the order prohibiting out door relief %o
ABLE BOPIED MEN "
The poor law commissioners made their reports
from Nottingham, Coventry, Mansfield, MaiftKes-
ter, Liverpool, Leeds, Sheffield, and from every
quarter; and all show the distress, misery, and
starvation that prevailed throughout the land. In
Sheffield, the report of the commissioners says that
"upwards of 15,000 persons were at one time sup-
ported by charity." The committee of the distress
tund, in the same place, stated in a public appeal,
that "in hundreds of families children were crymg
for food to patents unable to give it; and in others',
sickness, arising from the w<*nt of the necessaries of
lite, threatens, withouta speedy relief, to bring the
suffering of the wretched individuals to a close."
But I could quote without end, if it were necessary,
or if I had time. It was not confined to England
alone. Scotland felt the effects of this pecuniary
crisis.
"A public meeting was held in Glasgow on the 19th May,
1837, to rau.e asubsdiption for the relief of the distress of the
workirg classes A sum of upwards of £8,000 was placed at
the disposal of the committee At one time, about 18,600 per-
sons were fed from the soup-kitchen, of whom upwards of
3,800 were adulu Laige bodies of operatives were, at the
sametime, thtowu out of employment, and rendered destitute,
m Dundee and other lirge towns of Scotland In Paisley, a pub-
lic meeting was held on the 11 th April 1837, to rai-ea subscrip-
tion, and in June it was calculated that 20,000 persons were un
employed near lhat place, and at sttathaven, Airdrie, Pollock-
chaws, and other tow ns and villages in the wcit of Scotland,
ie titution and disease prevailed to an alarming degree."—
(.Pug-eiB of report)
Nor did Ireland escape The committee of the
Dublin Mendicity Association, in thpir report in
1837, stae that "they hat.e struggled through a
year of most unparalleled difficulties, and that,
within the recollection of the oldest inhabitants,
there has seldom or never occurred a period when
out-door employment was so much restricted."
And the 27th report < f the Belfast House of Indus-
try, dited the 16th March, 1837, -dwells upon the
urgent and numerous claims of the suffering poor,
"amongst whom the depression of trade, arising
f.om a panic in the money market, has produced
much distress." I could go through the hospital
returns f< r BtrTiingham, Leeds, Manchester,
Glasgow, &c and show the immense increase of
pauents m 1837 over any previous years. I could
«l.o show the vest increase of crime, from reports
made for the s^me year, from ihe different places
cf punishment and confinement. It is as.tom-hmg
to look at these things, and see the consequences
ttwt have been inflicted upon the poorand laboring
population of a Meat nation, by the commercial
oi r-is of 1837, rfbich I conscientiously believe to
have been grea'ly ¿tgrravatfd bv the gigantic and
hearties, opera'1 n^ <" ihe Bank ol England. Let
*ny Hmn study tl -- operation-,, as he ouaht to do,
v >ih a. heart devou u to his country, and then doub',
if he can, that Ike whole effect ofcsociated wealth, er-
garized by incorporated credit, s« any country, i  to
place labor under the eternal subjugation, and at the
m-rcy of capital.
To talk of ihese things, being produced by Ihe
wai „f ihi  Government upon credit, or by the In-
dependent Tieasury, is t j *aik in the ver; presump-
tion of ignorance. He who thus speaks has but
¡mle reading or knowledge
As to the Bank bill which you have passed as a
substitute and a relief to the country, you will fiDd,
it a miserable failure. It is behind the experience
and knowledge of the age. Confidence is essentia
to the stability oí any United States Bank,   lif
