
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SfTB  Coií6.......1ST SSSS.
fflscal Bank—Mr. Wood.
Aagnst, 1841.
H. of Reps,
And if¡ during the saltation of the present question,
the «mewal has, on one side, bee  opposed on party
principles, let me ask if, on the other, it has not
been advocated on similar principles."
The authorities I have adduced, and he features
of the bill now under consideration, fulty mstify the
opponents of the measure in characte /inp it as
federal. It is the clearly defined and intrinsic
merits of a measure which justify us in pronouncing
it federal or -republican. For the Government to
confer on any body corporate, during a given num
ber of years, exclusive control over the currency,—
over the productive energies of the country,—in-
vesting it with the faculty of elevating or depress-
ing the wages of labor, and the vahee of all species
Of property,—nay, with the power of embarrassing
the Government itself, by embezzling the public
revenue, or inducing a general suspension of specie
payments,—is such an extravagant perversion of
the " delegated powers," that we feel fully warranted
in designating any such measure as most pre emi-
nently federal. Congress is only an agency, under
a limited power of attorney. The sovereign au-
thority deputes Congress to control and manage the
destiny of this confederacy, under certain prescribed
restrictions. The republicans contend for a rigid
adherence both to the letter and spirit of the con-
stitution. The federalists, on the other hand, view
Congress and the Government as possessing sover-
eign authority The la'tter party look to the ends
they have in view, and warp the constitution to suit
them by extravagant implications and latitudmous
constructions. Thus the inevitable tendency of
federalism is to consolidation, which must result
in divesting the people of their sovereignty, and
finally in converting this Government into a mon-
archy. Surely, the simple circumstance of any
measure having been ¡supported by a republican,
cannot make it republican m principle Nor is the
converse of this tru«. If it were, afedeialistortwo
need only to advocate our democratic principles, to
rob them of their " caste " But it seems, from the
course of argument pursued by the advocates of the
bill, that a. few republicans, by ¡supporting, can con-
secrate a federal measure, and divest it of its enor-
mity. A cause must be desperate, indeed, which
has to depend upon such sophistry to vindicate it
before the community No gentleman understands
better than my honorable colleague the uniform
opposition of the " Old Dominion" to a national
bank. Nor has it been considered in any other
light, by her Legislature, than an old-fashioned
federal measure.
APPENDIX.
Extracts from the journal of the House  fRepresenta-
twee, at the second session of the fifteenth Congress,
February 25, 1819.
" The House took up and proceeded to consider
the report of the Committee of the Whole on the
etate of the Union, made yesterday, on several sub-
jects referred to it, in relation to the Bank of ihe
United States, when Mr Spencer withdrew his
motion to lay the "-aid report upon the table The
question was then taken, to concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in their disagreement to the je-
solution submitted by Mr Johnson, of Virginia, in
the following words, to wit
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
he instructed to report a bill to repeal the act entitled
'An act to incorporate the subscribers to the Bank
of the United States,' approved April 10, 1816,
"And passed ui the affirmative,  j ^eas'   • }^\,
The names of Austin, Barbotar, Bassétt, and
Johnson, of Virginia, and the name of William, H
Harrison, of Ohio, being recorded in the negative
" The question was then taken, ateo, to concur
with the Committee of the Whole, in their disagree
ment to the resolution submitted by Mr Trimble
in the following words •                                        '
"Resolved by t/ie Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America m Cong? ess as-
sembled, That the Attorney General of the United
States, m conjunction with the district attorney of
the State of Pennsylvania, shall immediately cause a
sure facias to be issued, according to the 23d section
of the ' act to incorporate the subscribers of the
Bank of the United States,' calling on the corpora-
lion created by the said act to show cause where-
fore the charter thereby granted shall not bedeclared
terjeued, &c, &e
"And passed m the affirmative,  |^>   • ^,
he names of Messrs. Austin, Basse , ¿arbour,
Tyler, and Johnson, of Virginia, and also thename
of WiUiam H Harrison, of Ohio, being recorded
in ihe negative                        >
Here it will be seen that the question was, Will
the House concui with the committee m disagreeing
to the resolutions'! and that General William H.
Harrison voted against concurring m the disagree-
ment, and therefore voted for the resolution itself;
because to negative the disagreement was to affirm
the agreement to the resolution,. And what were
the resolutions to which General Harrison thus
agreed'2 _Tlie first was a positive and an uncondi-
tional instruction to the Judiciary Committee " to
report a bill to repeal" the charter.
In the second place, being defeated in his effort
to obtain the enactment of a law for the immediate
repeal of the charter, without mvestigationby acourt,
General Harrison united with President Tyler and
others for the next strongest measure, which was,
for a joint resolution directing a " scire facias," in
order to forfeit the charter by the judgment of the
court (See Journal of 2d session 15th Congress,
pp 308, d09, 310, and 311 )
SPEECH OF MR. WOOD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representahvis, Aug   3, 1841—On
the Unned Slates Fiscal Bank bill
The House being in Committee of the Whole
on the state <f the Union, and having under con-
sideration the "bill to incorporate the subscribers
to the Fiscal Bank of the United States"—
Mr. WOOD rose and said: Although net a talk-
ing man, either by profession or inclination, yet
the importance of the question, and the recent sig-
nal expression of opinion from his constituents,
demanded that he should b<* heard. He congratu-
lated him-elf that he had ob'ained the floor it this
early stpge if the debate, and would not detain
the committee by an exordium, but proceed di-
rectly in ihe discussion
But, before entering opon the main question, he
felt (.ailed upon to allade to one point in the argu
ment of the gtntlemarf^Mr. Sbvoeant] from Penn-
sylvania, who opened the deba'e yesterday in an
ingenious speech upoh the constitutionality of a
Bank He would not discuss the legal points with
that gentleman, but he, would say that that gentle-
man's remarks appearesd to/him as better fitted for
the bar and a jury than/for ihe House; and he
would also add lhat it appeared rather as a speech
made to remove from the Executive certain consti-
tutional scruples he was supposed to entertain as
to the powers of the Government to create a Bank,
lhan lo convince Congress or the people. But
with this he had nothing to do; it was Ihe allu
sion made to the sentiments of a gentleman now
minister to Russia (Mr. Cimbbeleso) to which
he particularly referred. The gentleman, in the
ceurse of his ren arks, alluded to a resolution re-
ported to this House by Mr. Cambreleng from the
Committee of Ways and Means in 1837—"lhat it
was inexpedient to charter a National Bank," and
drew from it the infeience that that gentleman, ihe
Committee of Ways and Means, and the House
which passed the resolution, had no doubt as to
the constitutionality of a National Bank.
I protest (said Mr. W ) against this induction
It is not justified by the fact. It is not a logical
infererce The speeches of my distirgui hed friend
stand recorded against a Bank, upon ihe ground of
want of power under ihe Consn ution, as well as
inexpediency. The gentlemen from Pennsylvania
was a member when these speeehes were made;
and it was unfortunate iheir character had escaped
his recollection Beside , was this not so. he (Mr.
C ) may have been acting under instruction from
his committee, against hn own vote. But, even if
that was not the fact, he (Mr W ) contended that
the proposition of the mexpediercy of a measure
was not an admission of its legality. But, sir,
(said M W ) t will not dwell here. My object is
answered in thus briefly placing the opinion of an
absent gentleman in its true light, and preventing
what I conceive to be an unwauanted, and, I
must add, umnttn'i nal stigma, falling upon the
political character of one of the favorite sons of the
Empire State.
The bill before the committee is, in common
parlance, a bill to create a National Bank as a
fiscal agent of the Go em ment—a proposition
which presupposes the repeal of the law of July,
1840, for thefsafekeepiPg and disbursement of ihe
public money, known a  the Independent Treasu.
ry. Though the questio i f this repeal was not
now directly be ore the committee, yet, understand 
mg it to be the delermination of the Administration
majority to move the "previou question" immedi-
ately upon that repeal, without allowing the mino-
rity an hour for discussion he would take this op-
portunity of protesting against such tyranny and
against the repeal.
A proposition to strike from ihe statute book a
law so important in its bearings, and created for
purposes of such deep interest, should be accom-
panied by reasons more cogent than any we have
yet heard Proof should be ad luced ¡hit it had
failed to perform what its fnends promised for if;
that it had been mischievous in its effects, or ím-
pracucable in its operations T ley are not pro-
duced; nor can it be said any argument based upon
its action, worthy of seno is notice, has teen
brought against it It is safe, tbea, to hazard the
opinion that no fault can be found with it in prac-
tice, although it had such strenuous opponents in
theory. It has workei well, answering thus far
(save, probably, m a few minor de ails) the objects
of its creation. If we revert to Ihe oft-repeated
prophecies of the Whig party, of the devastation
whuh the Independent Treasury was to spread
with magic speed throughout the land, and now
compare them with what has been our condition
since Ha adoption, and with what is at this time
our true condition, the falsify of t e prophecies
will be apparent. If the state of the times is used
as an argument against it, it is its tn imphant vin-
dication, when compared with ihose which pre-
ceded it. We were told it wes pregnant with la-
me ttable consequences, that it wou d destroy com-
merce and confidence; reduce wages to tea cents
per diem, the profits of agriculture to almost no-
tmng—in short, that all mtetests were to teattni
hilated. Has this been so? Have any of these
evils overtaken the people? Iopmero*. Without
producing statistics, as I here could, to show, by
irrefutable data, that prosperity—true, not false
prosperity—has existed with all classes—modi fled,
it is true, but yet has existed since July, 1840, the
period at which this bill became a law, I will cor-
tent mj self by referring alone to the mercantile
jiortion of my constituency, boldly maki ng the as-
sertion that they have less cause of compUint this
year than for either of the three previous It is
true, unfortunate bankrupts, borne to the earth by
indebtedness, have not been relieved; nor can any
law, having for its object the custody ot the public
money, relieve them; nor has it reproduced the
days of adventurous hazard, bringing back to the
speculator dreams of glory. These, its endency
has been to check, not facilitate. But mercantile
New York, in her true business character—divest-
ed of, and divided from poh'ical prejudices—those
freed from former embarrassments, and lontent
with the profits of a rafe, legitimate trade—comes
not to your halls for legislative relief, or the repeal
of this law, short credits and small profits seldom
trouble you wuh lamentations; they nave no cause
for lamentation— hey do not understand what is
meant by "a war upon the currency " You can-
not make the merchants, who follow these simple
rules, believe they are ruined and prostrate bank-
rupts, although they may be deluded into a support
of your Administration. In discussing thi s point,
it is necessary, Mr. Chairman, to discriminate
between business merchants and political mer-
chant1-; for there is much necessity of such discri-
mination, when the advocates of the repeal and
the establishment of a Bank so strenuously urge
their views npon the ground that they are demand-
ed by the commercial interests of the county. Sir,
I am prcud of the intelligence, probity, and stand-
ing of this class of my constituency, but, at the
same time, it is my duty (o say, (and it is said
with regret,) that a large portion of it have allow-
ed themselves to become tha tools and instruments
of designing politicians; been drawn into the ai ena
as partisan gladiators, lending the potential influ-
ence of their business titles to further schemes of
adventurers; allowing their interests, and cons -
J£.Jn***&S&<f      **«. _
