August  1841 
APfrBNDlt TO THBJ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*T9
27th Cons—-1st Skss.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Wood.
H. tff Reps.
queatiy ¡he vast interests dependent upon them, to
be almost prostrated by a mistaken enthusiasm,
engendered by imaginary wrongs. They have been
put into requisition upon this occasion; but I must
be allowed to say, they arrogate powers not be-
longing tethemseves; ihey cannot, in justice, speak
for the commercial class of Ne <v York, but more
properly for the political part of that class.
I repeat, that our trading community—the safe,
sound, and rational portion of it, freed from these
prejudices—make no complaint. The, existing
troubles they attribute to past errors. In short,
no argument can be adduced in favor of the re-
peal of the Independent Treasury, based upon
the action or effect of the bill. The state 01 the
times since its adoption, as compared with the
three preceding year, is upon its side—evidence of
some weight, and should, in this discussion, be
properly placed to its credit.
But I apprehend gentleman do not urge the re-
peal for the reason 'hat it has as yet bstrayed any
mischievous tendencies. We are told time suffi-
cient has not yet elapsed, but the evil will be de-
veloped notwithstanding. It is no! wise,lhen, to await
that time, and thus be furnished with reasons for
the people? Hasty legislation, eiher in the enact-
ment of-laws or their repeal, is objectionable and
often pregnant with lamentable consequences.
To guard against it, the framers of the Constitu-
tion devised many ways. It was a point upon
which they debated long and solemnly. To repeal
this law at a time when it is indisputable no ar-
gument can be produced against its operation—
that it furnishes in practica none of the objections
urged against it in theory—fem merely because its
enemies have obtained a momentary ascendency
in our councils, is one of the very acts of hasty le-
gislation so much dreaded by the founders of the
Government; as, also, is it one of those self-de-
stroying evils dtpicted by the opponents of Repub-
lican institutions, as always connected with popu-
lar representative Governments.
Much good was promised for it by its friends;
much bad prognosticated by the opposition. The
time necessary to prove who were in ihe right, and
give it a fair trial upon its merits, has not elapsed.
But if you force a decision, demanding a verdict
now, the issue must be made up, upon its action,
effect, and influence; upon which ground we are
ready to meet you, sanguine of a certain triumph.
But we are told the people have decided against
it. Have they, forsooth? I respectfully ask, in
what way? at what lime? I am referred to the late
Presidential election, but deny that that election
had any reference to the Independent Treasury
bill. The issue then, if there was any, (and if
there was, for my life I could not discover it,) was
of any kind—made up of different material than
any thing having a bearing upon any que?iion of
national interest, much less the question of in what
way the public revenue should be collected and
disbursed. When w¿.s the subject di cussed
before the people? Where was a denuncia-
tion of the odious Sub Treasury made the
war-cry tor the onslaught, as in 1838? No-
where! Or, if so, in isolated instances by
itinerant Whig orators, who, having learned their
lessons in 1838, like other starlings having the fa-
culty of repeiition instead of invention, doled foith
their lamentations in the old repeated sirains of
"Sub-TKa«ury ! Sub-Treasury !! odious Sub-
Treasury ! !!"
Was it msde the issue by that illustrious con-
vention of <ffioe seekers who nominated the suc-
cessful candidate at Harrisburg? It was not. Tnat
august body of patriots, after contemplating their
act, sneaked to their homes, not daring to make an
avowal of sentiments. Or was it made the topic
discussion by the candidate himself (supposed, oí
course, to embody the principles of his parly) in
his various address.s to ths peopl ? It was not.
That respectable old gentleman, as far a.  I know,
never descanted upon the subject; or, if si, by the
most indirect allusion. Suffice ti to say, thf re wa^
no issue made at ¡hat election, involving the repeal
of this law; and gentlemen know it. Tha'
battle had been fought in 1838. The eieciion for
the 26ih Congress turned almi st entirely upon it.
Mr. Van Buren proposed it in his first message in
September, 1837, and it at once become the watch-
word of the Democratic parly, as it did the exclu-
sive point of attack of the Federal party. The
bank patriots left our ranks, in which there was
no more prospect of plunder, suddenly dropp:ng
the reins which they had held with an iron grasp;
thus causing dissension and confusion, producing
the overwhelming though transient defeats of
the fall of that year. The following spring
State elections, contested upon the same ground,
showed a slight re-action; but the canvass
for the 36th Congress, in the fall and follow-
ing summer, fought upon the broad platform
of J>ffersonian Democracy—the divorce of Bank
and State against a National Bank—Sub-
Treasury, or no Sab-Treasury—between the pu-
rified and unterrifi?d Democracy upon one side,
and an unholy alliance of old Federalists and
bank-rag aristocracy upon the other;—an election,
it may be said, held with express refer^nc  to this
point of Mr. Van Buren's policy—resulted in a
glorious triumph, by returning a majority in its fa-
vor, although the city of New York was defrauded,
by pipe laying, out of her Representatives. Here
was the issue—the only one ever made involving
this question; and it is a vain subterfuge to trans-
fer it to the late election, because you were fortu-
nate enough to secure—no matter how—a majori-
ty of numbers against it.
As one knowing something of commerce and the
influences affecting it, and being somewhat con-
versant with the views of that interest, and repre-
senting, in part, the most important commercial
district in  the Union, I regret this motion, apart
from all political considerations; I regret the sub-
ject is even agitated.    The debate upon it is dele-
terious.    If it is true (as so often contended by the
opponents of  the   late and previous Administra-
t'ons) that this ever tinkering with the currency—
this eternal legislation upon the public finances—
has a fatal influence  upon trade  and  commerce,
why do the ssme gentlemen now follow ths course
ihey so  eloquently denounced then?—violate   a
principle so soon after es'ablishing it?   The first
session of the late Congress, as was thought, dis-
posed of this matter.    We had had a seven years'
war between two powerful parties, contending with
unexampled energy, which should settle it accord-
ing to its policy; until at last, by the passage of
this bill, the question  was set at rest—the pub-
lic money   was   placed   in a   situation where
politicians and speculators could not reach it,—
where i' could no  longer be used a? investments
for political defence or attack.   The people-, not
party hscks, rejoiced at its final disposition; they
felt that they were to remain for a season freed
from the surges of this ocean; to have rest, peace,
aid security:   the question was  considered set-
tled.    Those who were sufferers through this con-
flict (and I know none who were not) would leave
it where it is.    Reasonable men, of all classes, re-
joiced privately, if not publicly, at its conclusion.
They felt relieved from the glorious uncertainty of
a deranged currency. They now knew upon what io
depend; it was finished—disposed of; and although
not according to  the  preferences of some, yet it
was disposed of; and  prayed it might so remain.
I tell you, sir, a majority of your party do not go
wilh you in this repeal, when ia its stead you seek
to rear an institution  like this propos-d.   The
larger and more intelligent part of our merchants—
a class  who have contributed in various ways to
place you in power, and who, according to panic
makers, were to become its immediate victims—
do not ask you for its repeal, if they are to have a
Bank in its place.   The merchants throughout the
country wish you to let them alone—to let the cur-
rency alone.   Instead of calling extra ?essions of
Congress to cater for their especial benefit, they
would raiher Congress take a recess of fi ve years,
and give them relief  by no*-',nler/er«ie!.     Yon
taught them that legislation upon the currency was
prejudice'; thf y will ask you to  practise upon, in
majority, the doctrines so ably expounded in mi-
nority.    They do not reqatre the political theorists
who aspire to the honor of constructing a system
of finance, based upon some visionary abstrac'ion
of their  own, to practise castle building at their
expense; nor do they ask the adherents of Whig
candidates for the Presidency to prove their fealty
by the construction of a party engine—good to,-
Presidential aspirants, but destructive to trade and
commerce.
If the Sub-Treasury contains errors of detail,
amend and alter, regulate, but not 'destroy. An
error of detail is not an error of principle. Give
our system the same chance of developing itself
that we have given a Bank; and if it prove to pos-
sess any of its fatal influence, I pledge myself ihe De-
mocratic party will go with you for its repeal. We
never sought to wrest from the United States Bank
its charter, even after its corruption had become
manifest: In fact, at a, time wtien it was notori-
ously subsijiziog the press and squandering its
money in a war upon General Jackson's adminis-
tration, we never attempted the annulling of its
charter. It had, for years previous to its expira-
tion, proved unsafe as a public depository, un-
sound as a bank of emission, and a deranger, in-
stead of a regulator of the exchanges; yet we ne-
ver dreamed, in the plentitude of our power, of
laying hands upon it. I contend that the charter
of that Bank was violated, and yet General
Jackson never proposed its demolition. It was at
one time spoken of, in the political circles opposed
to it; but the friends of the institution cried for
quarter, and quarter was given. And so with our
nine hundred State banks, which have been for
years preying upon the vitals of the people, pot-
ting at defiance all law, human and divine. We
have not sought their destruction, nor do we now;
their fiiends admit ihere are errors in the system,
but ask us to regulate, not destroy them. We
make no admissions of errors in out system; but
if there are errors of detail, regulate, but not de-
stroy. For forty years this Government has tried a
National Bank a* its fiscal agenl: what has been
our financ al condition for these forty years? Wo
have been periodically visi'ed by panics, revulsions,
and distresses, infla'ions, and reactions, astound-
ing expose? of defalcations and forgeries, agri-
cultural killing low prices, and mechanical
and operative killing high prices—a see-saw
between inflation and depression, aptly re-
piesented by Daddy Lambert limes and Cal-
vin Edson times. But, sir, have any of these
delectable bank followers visited us since the
adoption of our plan? They have not. I shall be
answered, it has not been in existence long enough.
Very well: it is admitted. Give it a trial of ten
years—one quarter the period you have had for
your?; and if it harasses and beggars the people in
the same manner, ws will give it up, and strike
our colors.
The truth is, rto argument based u¡>on common
sense can be adduced against the Independent
Treasury. There are two motives actuating its
opponents: the one, malice—the other, to rear in
its place a political institution, which will enable
them to comply wi'h certain promises made pre-
vious to the late election. There is a class of the
Whig party not provided for by the distribution of
the spoils; the wheel does not revolve fast enough
for them; and another, who look for payment in,
a lf-ss laborious manner, by moneyed facilities.
There is an interest also across water, too power<.
ful to be denied, and to whom, if report speak
true, the dominant party is somewhat indebled.
But if these exist only in the imagination, I repeat,
malice—deep and unrelenting malice—has much
to do with this repeal; a motive the more unman-
ly and contemptible, as it is veiled under pretexts
of what the public good requires. By deception
was the power obtained to do this deed, and by
deception is the deed perpetrated. As the pirate
decoys the merchantman under a friendly flag un-
til the sides of the victim is scaled and the deck is
in His possession—bo did the Whig leaders decoy
the people, until, having them fast bound and
powerless, as far as their action here is con-
cerned, they unfurl the red banner, bring forth
Ihe bloody insiruments of torture, exhibit the
portentous engine yclept a Bsnk, and pre-
pare the manacles and chains. But, thank
G.d, here the simile fails; for, nnliks the
victims of the corsair, they shall be freed from this
subjugation, and deal a just retribution upon the
actors in this treachery—ay, sir, reaching the pi-.
