me        _________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________August, \te\.
S7th Cong. .. 1st Sbss.                                               Fiscal Bank—Mr. Wood.                 .                                                        H. of Reps
rate captain fcmself, whether enveloped in robes
of senatorial cugmty, [Mr. Clay,] or doffed m the
brown habit of a puritan secretary, [Mr. Web-
ster.] These dazzhngly bedecked chieftains wear
but the people's livery.* Is it not enough that you
should have purchased popular support by allying
0 yourself to popular passions; but must you now
exercise your ill-gotten power without dignity and
without respect, by indulging this spirit of pitiful
vindictiveness? But what can be expected of an
Administration coming into existence as it did,
and controlled by the men it is—men whose object
was to obtain office; and until they are stripped of
this power, standing forth as naked of Government
patronage as they are naked of principle, there is
no rest for an abnsed and deluded people.
Sir, I have not the ability or disposition to go
into an elaborate defence of the Sub Treasury, if
any were required. It was the principal topic of dis-
cussion in every legislative body m the country,
from the moment of its proposition to its passage
The ablest talent battled for it and agamst n; the
public press teemed with it; scarcely a child but is
Tconversant with the arguments upon either side. I
will not spend the people's money, or weary the pa-
tience of the committee, by repeating them. The
mandate has gone forth, "ii must be revealed." It
may be said with propriety, that any discussion in
the premises, or any opposition, here or elsewhere,
is folly, madness. It must be repealed. A distin-
guished Senator has said it; and, like Mandarins
under a special edict of the Celestial Emperor, it
is the duty of the majority of this House to "trem
tie and «ley." But as it is not pretended we are to
be left at sea without a rudder, a substitute is pro-
posed—or, rather, would itnot be more correct to say
several substitutes?—all, however, in the language
of the official gazette, "central or fi.cal agents."
The time has at length arrived when the lead-
hori.es of this motley group, now in possession of
the Government, can, as they think with safety,
take their own course, without fear of conse-
quences. It is not now with the Kentucky Sena-
tor as it was when pressed upon by the Demo-
cratic Senator from New York, previous to the
closing of the last Congress. Then he replied to
a question as to the substitute, "that sufficient for
the day was the evil thereof." "He had then noth-
ing but the Sub-Treasury t® handle, and that was
sufficient for him." It was too soon to play
trumps. He [Mr. Clay] was not ready. A pre-
mature disclosure may have affected certain Con
gressional elections, not at that time bolden Of
course, at that time he had nothing but the Sub-
Treasury to handle; it was entirely too soon to
make further "disclosures tor the public eye."
But now secrecy was no longer necessary, the
elections have been held, a Federal majority is
secured; the Administration is thrust into the
breach; tbe hand is shown; the card is played,
and the Whig trump is to "incorporate the ¡subscn
bers to the Fiscal Bank of the United Stales."
Sir, if the people of tnis country decided in the
late election against the Sab-Treasury, (which I
deny,) did they decide in favor of a National
Bank? They did not. That issue was never made,
the question was never raised, nor are they now in
favor of such an institution  I am aware effort!, are
•being made to foist upon Con?ress the interested
action of a handful of brokers,, bankers, and
speculators, as the popular voice But the mantle
of deception is too flimsy Gentlemen refer m  to
what they are pleased to term the mammoth pen
tton from New York, presented to the Senate a few
weeks since. Sir, they may term it the mammoth
petition, but I chnuen it tbe bastard petition, ay,
sir, tbe illegitimate offspring of illegitimate pa-
rents. Sir, it purnorts to have been signed by some
fifteen or twenty thousand petitioners; whereas, tf
my information be correct, it did not contain eleven
thousand, and four thousand of t< em were pur-
chased by hired loafers at the corners of streets, at
four dollars per hundred. Thus will the mam-
moth, which took three persons to bring it to the
capital, lose more than half of its rotundity, and
all of any thing formidable m its appearance I
have alluded to the three persons who assumed the
responsibility of acting as its guards and escorts,
I should have said committee, for they were dignified
b> such official cognomen  by  then wire-pullers in
Wall strtet.    And who were the i lembers of this
committee?   Tae same gentlemen who went "cap
in band" to Mr. Biddle, in Marcb, 1847, begging
him to save New York Irom annihilation; and who,
in October, 1839, advocated a suspension of specie-
dayment by  our banks—fit instruments to be the
tenders of such a petition     There has alio been
presented a memorial from the Cb amber of Com
merce of New York, praying for a similar favor
I have a word to say as to this mem rial.     Unso-
phistocated gentlemen, unacquam'ed wuh the way
in which cliques con rive to manufacture publir
sentiment, would not think it pos ibl  that a me
mona! .•omit g from  such a source ould be any
olher than a representan >n of the  ipinion of com
mercial men; bat, sir,  in this insunce it is not so
Our Chamber of Commerce is an association o
about two hundred geatleti.en: there were but fifty
six present, when a res ilution was passed to me-
morialize Congress, for a Bank. th"-ty-six voted in
favor,   and twenty against   it     Undtr this re-
solution, a (ommiitre of five tin  appointed to
draught a memorial—and were they inTchantsi
N , 'ir, there wasbutcne merchant upon tnatcom
rnitiec. This is notan emp y assertion, without au-
thorilyjlmtitisthe fau,as I will c m ¿treethe House,
by producing  their names and occjpattons    The
first-named gentleman was Jame G Kins, senior
partner oí the house of Prime, Ward, and King, an
old  established Wall  street banian* home, largely
connected wuh Bntt h capitalists f rid Bri'ish inte
rcstb—a banker, (tr, in common pulinc, a broker,)
and not a meichant     in < nd no disrespect when
I charac ei z - him a& a btok^r     Tmt. word, ii its
' nginal and irue''efii Uion  has m hing disreputa-
ble in it, its preset t t> nt I a   arisen from the fle c
ing propensit es < f  i     mo l in order of tha* pro-
fes ion     Amon  tSem m* many honorable excep-
tions, and I believe him (Mr K.) to be one, but hr
ism  i merchant, aid, constqurrit'y, is not  the
prop«r ¡  i    i  In <■ n ■■ak tnouh tie C aimer of
Comme'ce   ¿hit  me mercantil   u teiests oí Ne 
York re |u re     [>r nexi i<  Mi   J-rni s Brown, ot
thehon«eof Srowo, Brothe s, and '"o another5anfc
w/jsresubli hm nt, 1 igely connectel wuh capitalists
acoss  tie Aliarme, md, as I>believe, a partner m
a umilat firm m Liverpoo'< r L   don     As a re-
prusen'ative of ihe coiume rt lal ol„s e\ he is in the
same ca'et< t *i h 'if  drm*r geiile^an     I m
leiiil   no d sre oect     '\el,  m. ,ih- tnrd  is Mr
J ii       D pe ^ii   0; ien—not a banker, it i, true,
hut a  ot   u oner tor— >r, in < User wckIs, a cotton
sptruld'tr    This gentleman (wlmm 1 understand
to   eav r   worthy  man) is ih  a   hor ot several
labore ' ireaiws in (avor ol a Bank and is the re-
puted a idi r of the  rnemori 1     FI<   < not a m r-
t h=mt, and cann tspeak lor the me chants of New
Y rk.    The toirth is Mr John R Hurd, president
ot an ins, irance company, who is  ) o a gentleman
oi respre a\litv, but  n< i a me cb"i', nor en  he
Mith  ¡>r>iriet,   speak  t  r  i le mer bans ot New
Yoik     Th. fifth, and last, is Mr William H As-
pmwall, a bona fide merchant, practically aal iheo-
reticall), and  one of  the most   rnlight^red an1
pns )erous of  the class     He   was  the  only  rner
cn-inleptn  the committee     In  connectioi   wuh
this pom i, i will add, ihat at   the  time   ihis cheat
was in preparation—this jnerehan s' petition b'in< 
dr wn up  by th- brosers and  sp'cila'nrs forth"
C naressional   market—there   wen    tonspeuous
banker* in ^Vall street, anxons oh ervers, if  not
oo atortis m th  movemenl     Arums them might
be named   Mr Ba'es,  partner  of (he  eeicb-ated
vous   ofBarng Brothers and C > ; Mr Civt'ef, nf
th   rqiallycei bra ed home of Morris m,  Cnde
and Co ; Mr Palmer, jr. t>on of rl   sle    Painter
now ( " Uie) Governor of  the Bank of England.
Nor,  Mr   Chairman,  were   the ?    'i'lies" s^r
alone in Wall -tieft; their visi s f.<"    <x erdel t
the Capuois an I sure the  e^mmercemen, ot the
debite upon this h \\ m th" other Hue  they ha '<-
been in the loMj e , ve-tive anr*  i iparemly infe-
re te I   steo  s    I nak'fi^c rnrrpn   comment'
nr ecessarv     I state  ac's-—indm ahl" far s, a
i         i h íte'mí akin  to hunili^inn and sham
tl ^f I sia)' up here ¿r,' > ate tnem
"3 r, ¡he voice fio i  be citv ■ t   N '/ Yrrk in fa
vor of a Nati nal Bank is from Wall street and its
purlieus, from broker^, bankeis, speculators, and
their dependants, and not from the solvent and pru
dent merchants, or the mall traders and mecha- '
nics. The merchants of New York, m the aggre-
ga e, without reference to party, are opposed to
any Bank you can ceate, under any name, with
any checks of any character. But sir, I repeat:
suppose the people have decided against the Sub-
Treasury, (which I deny;) and 'uj pose they decided
in favor oí a National Ban!., (wi ich I deny;) and
suppose the people are now 11 favor i f it, (which I
deny,) will it perform wh.it itsfiiends in Congress
promise for i'1 It will not. We are n 'd, among
other benefits to be conferred by its cieanon, a uni-
form currency will br established, and exchanges
will be regulated. Gent! men (fien revert to the la'e
Bank as proof oí this assern in I will take them on
..hat i sue, am le v„ out ot lb* quesi n, as they
unfairly do, the Ptnnsylvanta Bank pi the Umted
Sta'es
It is an er tr, an unpard • a1' error, in e ther
practical men or statesmen, ¡> ^y tint the late
Unit- 1 Siates Bank producd s'eidmesi of curren-
cy, or regular exchanges. In i , first commence-
ment, it so infilled the money-market that revul
sion soon followed, which swept ff the merchants
of the day by thousands The father of ihe hum-
ble tndi vidual who a I dress s yen (sail Mr W)
was ontrf tbe unfortunate victi is This revul-
sion nearly pr stta'cd the Bank, tut, by breaking
every thing el e, it saved n^elr Its safety was
secured by its management falling into the bands
of Mr Cheve«, who took iho re>n<, and saved it
(rom bmnruptey ¡r'd rum *r able ardimpar-
t a! writer, *ho avows hinself in tavor of a Bank,
'ays, in speaking of t^e clo^e of Mr Cheves's ad-
ministration-
"The Bank then passed mto other hands, and fiom that time
to 1836, there were no causea developed winch ihi eatened a ge
neral suspension of fifafi totate institutions, but there were va-
rious inpoitant minor crises, which arc armóte or less aggra
oated by the action of the Bank of the Unued Slates, and with
ihe causesin operation from 1830 to 1836, (independent of those
(tn&iiig liom the war utHween the Government and the Bank,)
had its charter   been   renewed   it would iñexitably have
failed    Thee cause   aje well known    hey wete chiefly in a
series of years 01 high prices of cotton, ol introduction of fo
reign credit and capital mto the loreign tiadc t f the country,
the gradual increase of loans to ihe States, and the stopping of
payments en account of the national debt    The operation of
these causes biought m a gradual and continued accession of
capital, and enlarged the basis of credit and confidence in that
degree that engagements weie lnfinit  ly multiplied and busi
iicss expanded, and together with the mi   ense increase of Go
vernment depositee in the Banlr, make it ill but certain that, un
dents then management and gieat and mcieasing circulation
and extension, it would have been the first to tail and carry the
country with it, and we believe the tune is not fai distant when
this will be considered beyond question     It heh oves us, there
fore, if we are to have another Bank to hive it so lestnctedand
constructed as to place it out of the power ol enterpris  or cu
pidity to endanger its safety, and to lessen th    mischief which
always at companies the action ofsuch large bodies ,n times of
difficilty "
Again n« ther able writer rn fjn.,b., e gives a
statement h ch ran oi be con'nve ted. I cul-
len^e contrad etion be e or eNeuhert.
"The fact that, for a few years during ti e existence of the
United States Bank the exchanges were uniform, proves no
thing but that a combination ol e\lraordln *ry events tended to
produce a greater supply of credit than could for some years be
absoibed m the regular course of business These were
created partly by the yearly payments of ®10 OOOOOOi u account
of the national debt which went through the United States Bank
as the Fiscal Agent, and the creation oía large amount of state
debts that formed the basis of bills From the cieation oi a Um
ted ¡states Bank in 1817, up t > 1823 the exchanges v> ere in as
bad a condition as they are at this moment Tie banks of the
South andSouthwest did not pay specie an! the United States
Ba k had no y >wer over them in 1820, large issues of State
stocks commenced as follows
State stocks issued from 1821 to 1830
issue commenced—
1820   -   South Caiolina                   -                        St r60 000
1823        Pennsylvania                                                    7 980,000
1823        Virginia                   -                                            1,419 000
1823         Alabama                                                              100,000
1824          New York              -          -                            8  9i 781
182-1        1 ouisiana                                                          ] ,800 000
1825          Ohio                                                                 4,400,000
'O'al                                                                       25,83a 781
"In this we fin 1 that nearly every section of the Union had
large credits to drawa^amst cieated by stock safes In these
stocks were invested a lar°e amount of the money paid out
through tbe United States Bank to the pub ic creditors This
was an important element in regulating the excharge", and as
during that period the moi ements of the Bank were confined to
regular business only there was but little speculation abroad,
and these tredits weiealfto be absorbed m regular business
| A sufficiency ofbllfs was thus created that effectually prevent
j    ed any extraordinary rise m rates    Let us now see the move
ments of the Bank during it8 whole existence, as follows
If
