August, 1841.                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
27 th Cong.......1st Stbs.
the charge that General H«rnson was in favor ol
a National Bank 10 be <al-e—uiteny fal c In
Georgia, so great was the variety of < pinions as 10
what were the senfments of General Harrison on
ihe subject, that u would le the very height of cits
ingenuousness to attribute his vole in that S'a'e to
any known prererenc<" in favor (f such an ins itr>-
lion. In Alabama, the great Why c >nve"üon ot
that State, in a very ab e appeal to tneir constitu-
ents, not only averred the fact, but collated the
proofs, to show General Harn«on's opposition 10 a
National Bank on every ground whatsoever That
the Bank question was more <r less involved m
that election every where, I do not mean here to
deny, but that it was blended wi h o'hers, of 1 ->cal
andexcitm  influences, is equally mam eo' Who
in this ball would be bold en ugh to aver that in
the Keystone or the Empire State ihr election turn
ed exclusively on the questu n of Bank ( r no Bank?
It ib notorious that other questions mirg'ed in ibe
canvass, and that An'imasoi ry and Aboht on c< n-
tnbuled m no small degue in producng the re-
sults in those S'a es So it was in Oto and In-
diana, wnere the Bank question may be rpgaided
as the least distinctive and ctntr llmg cne in the
canvass.
Yet, sir, in the face of these well kno vn facts,
we have been silenced by the previous q íes'ion—
restricted to a single hour in debate—all the «ncient
forms and rules of those who have preceded u>
have been broken down, and this measure, with
o hers, literally forced upon u , m rapid succession
and indecent haste; all uid^r the plea that discus-
sion is useless, that the -east n lor debate and ar
gurgent has gone by, and all that rema ns is but to
regist r the solemn decree  of the people n f vo-
of such an institution'
Mr. Chairman, there is ore thing which 'hat
inexorable majority by which¿rfj^fhe-e things have
b"en -a d and done, has never yet rretended to
deny It s well know i that the Air ' can peo
pie are greatly divided in o mion ¡n to tli« best
mode or form of banking ¡n u is cr uim — ihe hei
by indiviluals by joint- lock eompámp-, by ha iks
owned by thp General Government, by banks be-
longing exclusively to the éria es, oi by bai k join -
ly owi ed and goverrel bv tÍK S í e« m I r^e Ge
neral Government in partnership it s known
that all these vaaous plans h-> >e ihe r a)v>c t ,
numerous and povtenul, m i/t> Stile ol ihe
Union. Now, it is not pretended thgr. h se vari-
ous plans were presented, "id t'Tir relative «"pen's
pa-sed upon by the peop p, in tl e tecent t 'tc ion
On the contrary, it is kno^-n th>' the canvass was
otherwise conducted No spec fie plan was pre-
sented—no detsus were gore m'o. The eviK
of a deprcc a ed currency, th  necessity of having
a grea'ie. ulat r to con'rol the local mstitu ions,
constituted Ine heme of ever/ oratoi, whose gene-
lalihs v ere iturnctd tec bra^ every icewhi
might be in favor of any -p •• e- if bankirv
Way, I wi'l venture, to record ano er fac,
which neiur has been nor c n dp uc. essfui,y con-
troverted, bat, in a vwy large maj rut fesse-, thi
travelling íhet rs ot the oominani , aitj exprtss1/
disclaimed 'be ol 1 O i ed Sta s Bank as tne sim
pie or model ot tie new one Tccy suaicdy
ever controvfti  d tre objections rspci by Gtneral
Jackson, and w ich they ' ie^ ih- Amenean
people had over and over a¿Aia su timed Th s
was empratical y trn m <• ^J<" ei Venn's ee
There ever, pub' c ma ltd' s, -.Ulive r li ,
as «ell a m the conven mri \ hi h revised
our Cons m,ti(.n, had u tair d ird Approve I
those obj"C ions. Our whol  j opu a mo, wh' her
c\ vsted 'o Gonci-il Jackson or to JuIsp White, h-id
Condemned 'he old, or the B'dd e hi k, ¡>s it v-«s
commonlv cal ed, every where, *n oi all occa-
sions. Hence it s^ that no pub ic debater in that
State, as far as I have ever knoivn or hea'd, ever
distmctl) avowed 'he old Bank to be his ftvir te
model (fa new me Noi do I be-beve tnat the eis
now, ot ever has been, one-third o1 thtt pepula.
tion who wruld say ¡hit it was then model ota
National Bank. Triy h*d forrred a deep pnd fixed
abhorrence of thut iDsii'uton, and when looking
out for relief under the commeiciat revulsion of
1837, they looks d toan institution owned by the
United States, governed by the United States, its
Fiiral Bank—M<-, Brown.
profit poing to ihe people of the United States,
w th Pdch State havini , and, when able, owning a
branch, and applying i - profits to its i wn Sute
purp >ses. Sir, tms now is, and has been for years,
the plan or model of a back which has made so
many Hank converts tu that Slate.
I will adduce only one other proof to show that
the peop'e in the last election did not pronounce
any inch decree as is now preten led—tnat ihe
who'e argument 11 a gross attempt t  pervert, an i,
in lact, to fal-ifv t p r proc<- dmg* It is the au-
thority of President Tvl r himself, a partv in that
elec it n
In Ills' message to Congress, mw lying before
me. he has expressly told us
' What is now to be regarded as the judgment of the Amen
can people on t e whole subject [ihe banks and the currency 1
I have no accurate means oi detei mining, but by ap ealing to
thelrmoie ltnmedia'eieptesenta ives I he laíe contest which
terminated in the election of General Harrison t > the Presiden
cy was decided on principles well known and open y declared,
and while the smb Treasury received in the result the most de
n ltd condemnation yet no othei scheme of finance seemed to
have been concurred m '
S i, tne Fresid-nt was right—h" na'on know^
he was right. T e people, if they decided against
the Sub Treasury, did not decile/cr a Uoi'cd
S ates Bank; and least of all did tb^v decide
in favor of such a bank as this, modelled and
fashioned as ii is, wnh slavish e^actnes , after ihe
old United Sates Bank. Since ihf (.lection, that
ms ltutmn has expned, amid the groans and suffer-
ings tf ihtsewio reposed in i' a too fatal confi-
dence to the last. Its inherent defee s and hideous
oo rupti ns aie rovhmg<pen aid b?re to pub-
lic mpection The commitiee who reported th.s
bill have profited no hmg by its past hi^trry, an 1
hive t^lten no warning from its disashou  over-
throw They b-till ho'd it up, m the person of ihis
b 11, to th  sdinra! oi of the American ppople,
and challenge f r n lh< r approbatu n for twentv
y^ais io come '
Regarding, then, as T do, lhis whiie sub] c'a<
fairh open for debate, I shall prcceed to the dis-
cussion of the bill, with that candoi and ímpartiali-
y w hich us impoitance deserves.
My firs  objection to this bank i , tha' it is
a charier of incorporation wi chl ho'd this Givern
meat 'o be mcapil 1' (f granting Tiecons-itu-
tion co^ains, a^ is arm tt d, no exp t>s grani ot
such auibonty The r ceids of the o n,n'ior,
now published to the world, e'eariy ^h«iv that the
power *o erf ale corpora'uns g neia'ly was p^opo
spd, ref'ircd reporlcd on, debated, and the vote
'•«'en >y yeas and navv, and expressly refn ed by
thee nvcnttnn C'n any ihms be rr>< re cmclu
s ^e than thr ' We are now searching for some
c i geni-i' ipnin ilis Con-limit ti «1 ete > e can
'ocite tht- power. We must find it, or the pa--
-art- of th s toll wi lbe a rank and perjure i u urpa-
tion W 11, we search for it—we cannot fird it
in tl ' r'on titut c i We go back tu the j i rna's
and recor s "i thos who formed it There w*
fi ' thai i  w<>s re/wed in every form, an 1 m every
i s-i^p  n ih1 c >ul i b  p"-pob d Wi at thpn1
I Wc í r lold t "> look for it by implication Implica-
tion, ^  aain-t the ex ire-s ¡nip "itive record
of the convmtion' Ay, to imp ic ion, tor we are
told thai ihe rrnvrt on deel red rm m-  down this
power piamly and dis nelly in 'he Con-ti ution,
le t the peon'e—pariu ti'arly tho e of Pi nnsylvani?,
who were veiy hostile to barks—mtgh' see it, and
i-etu-c t   ra if  toe C^ns itiHion
S r, this is the a gumeot nnversjllv emp'ojed to
(ueituin t ns imppjtant, trn- omnipo'en'fs"t L^t
¡npr*pear i ! the con/entun had givtn this
power plainly the ípojiI  would h-ve seen it, and
would have rejected the Coostitution It was
b-ref ne dosiane dy lef', to be c fifiel by m'end
mem or implica nn it. afier times, when ,' nould
b too ¡ate for the people ei her lo reject the Con-
stitution or to prevent its exercise. Now, «ir, what
i  all this, but the imputation of a design in th°
framers of the Constitutim to practise the most
rep ehr-nsib'e fraud <n their consti uent>—con-
-ti uenls whose noble and gallant deeds m the v a^
of independence, then just termina ed, eminentiy
entitled them to precisely such a form of Govern-
ment ps they might freely choose, wnh( tu being
uped and deceived in tht stlectioif Tb>s imputa-
tion against the venerable fathers ot the Republic
U. of Reps.
is too foul and monstrous, and throws us back on,
the records of the convention, containing a clear,  
express, and oft-repeated rejection of the power of
establishing a bank or creating a corporation. Mr.
Chairman, in the absence of an express grant, there
is a potency in those records second only to the
Constitution—a potency that outweighs a thousand-
fold the opinions of individuals, however eminent
—a potency which cannot be destroyed, but by the
degradation and infamy of those whom America
has mo-t honored and most revered.
The location of the principal bank within the
District of Columbia is but a poor evasion of this '
cons'itutional objection A vast and mighty power
—not expressly granted to Congress, as the Legis-
lature of t e whole Union, and which, when dis-
til ct y proposed, was expressly refused—is now
claimed to have been cmfeired by that clause
which gives it exclusive legislation over the little
D strict of G rlumbia. Our legislation may be «6-
clusive, as against Maryland and Virginia, by whom,
ihe Territory was ceded, and still be limited in its
i bjects, and restricted by ihe general prohibitions
of that instrument But, without insisting on
this principle, and certainly wjjhout abandon-
ing it, I assuov anolhei, about which casuistry
itself cannot hesitate, tt Congress have the power
of exclusive jezislation over ih° District of Co-
lumbia, it must be for as well as in the District—
local m its objects, and territorial in its action.
To seize on a power granted for such imfed and
special purposes, and expand it over a mighty con-
tinent, is a shameless perversion of the Constitu-
tion—a mean and fraudu'ent usurpation, far more
wi"ked than ihe boldest interpolation of that instru-
ment could be S r, the little dwaif which yon
pretend now to be harmlessly p anting in this Dis-
trict, will presently lift his giant form hish above it;
and, 'koking abroad over th s empire Republic,
will v ave his money scep're over crouching sove-
reign o- aid a prosirate people." Sir, do not be-
lieve that its loratirn here, where there is no com-
merce, was intended as a concession to constitu-
tional scruples, honestly entertained in any quar-
ter of the Union No, sir, it was to bring the
Bank in sight of the White House at the other end
of the avenue, nor for his benefit who now mha-
b ts it, but for his who-e heart pants for its occu-
pancy, and whose ambition even now is moving
heaven and earth for its attainment. It is
brought here, the vile and corrupting instrument
of patty, to bt ever at hand, rea ly and willing
to peipetuate the ascendency of hose who gave
it existence. Heietofore, the political has been
separated from the money power of the na-
tion. Instead of a union, there has been a
war between them. But henceforward there is
to oe p ace—alliance— partnership What be-
fore has been ficuon, is now to be reality; the
sword and the pursp are to be joined in united po-
tfney, to strengthen the arm oí Executive domi-
nation If allonel to use an illustration less war-
like than th  la t, I  ooM saj- this fi-cal harlot,
hamsbea u icVr tie tr ce ling administrations, now
returns from her exd- leanma on the arm of her
deliverer ready ard willing to pay, m adulterous
g"at'ttide, ,vi   aunty price of her ransom.
My next poirt cf objection is, that thik is a char-
ter of mcorp iratn n ot individuals, to whom the
etfec ual control of ihe m-titution is conceded.^
I'be (I/sire < f gam is a principle so deeplv engra-
ven on the nature of man, that it cannot be eradi-
cated T.is truth is no where found in stronger
dlastraiion than in the bu m s- ot banking. The
mor^ paper l-sued, the greater their profits; and
frtm tne natural propensity to which I have al-
lud d the} are sure to overleap the feeble bar-
rier-ot ih"ir charter, and to i—ne paper far be-
mid th"ir abili > o redemp irn This desire for
excessive pnfits, so subtle and insinuating, never
i as been, and never will be, «ucce-sfidiy ¡e isted.
It is the real cause of all our former failures in the
bu>mess of banking Iti^ t> .mole but potent
p inciple lhai lies at Ihe bot'om ot a1! the expan-
sions and contractions of e ur pa rcunency, and
consequently of ihe comnmca! revnl'ions and
pecuniary distresses of the ace Trus cause must
be removed before the em i an b  remedied With-
draw the bustne-s of bankm; from the hands of in-
