August, 184 i.
APPENDIX oi, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tftr
27th Cong* •« 1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hunter.
H. of Reps 
disbursement. And is this all the necessity—all the ¡j
propriety for this mighty íattitution? Certainly it
Ú, all—all. Simplp to keep your surplus revenue,
waen all agree that there should be no surplus and
to keep it for a kltle while, until you can find some
creditor willing to take it off your hands What a
mighty edifice to be reared on se small a founda-
tion ! a mountain resting on a pebble'
Unable, as it is now falsely pretended, to keep
our own revenue, we are called upon to e tablish
this ponderous agency f r that purpose, and for
that purpose only.   We must advance certainly
ten millions—probably  sixteen   million —to set
this agency in operation.   I mistake, sir; we do
not advance the money; we have it not to advance.
We  must borrow it at home or abroad, and pay
an interest of at least half a million of dollars
Ten millions, at five per cent, mase that sum, and
if we have to take the sixteen millions mentioned
in the bill, it will be nearly three-quarters of a mil-
lion.   Tms amazing sum  we must pay annually
for  the benefit of tins  wonderful agency.    What
was the cost of the Independent Tieasury, which
we are so often told the people have rejectee?   It
did not exceed fifty thousand do'lar> per arnum.
Fifty thousand againbt five hundred thousand 1 Yes,
sir, carry tun. fact home, iai'hfully  home to the
people—that for  tbis new Fiscal Bank they mub-t
pay at least ten times as much as for the Indepen-
dent Treasury.   What a commentary on  the eco-
nomy of this reformed and reforming Administra-
tion'    Where we formerly paid ten dollars for thj
temporary custody of our revenue*, we are to pay
now one hundred; and where one hundred,  we
^Must now pay one thousand •   Ycu point me m
^IRn  lo the profits and dividends of this Fiscal
Bank, for the reimbursement of all ihw interest
The fate of the old Bank, and of hundreds of
others   now   lying   like   sha'tereJ    snd   broken
wrecks over the whole rcean of incorporad insol-
vency, will furwh  ample rcfutatu n to the argu-
ment.   With  all their prod's ai d neany all  their
original capital was ed and plun^red, what hopes
can we have of future profits and dividends from
this institution, made by a party, and whose pro
ceeds will be prostituted and wasted for the vilest
purposes of party?
Mr. Chairman, it is on a slender, necessity,
such as I have described, that the present charter
is asked for with convulsive anxiety It was on
such a foundation as this thai thf constitutionality
of the old bank was sustained bv the Supreme
Court of the United States; nor that th* judges
thought such an institution to be necessary a d
proper, for that they have never decided; but lhat if
Congress thought it so, it wa= not for them to de-
cide to the contrary—th't it was 'he exclusive pro-
vince of Congress to decide on lhat question, and,
having done so by passing the charter, it was not
their province to set aside that df cisk n The c°le
brated opirum of Chief Ju t ce Marshall, in the
case of the Baik of Maryland, "has this ex tent—
no more "
And yet tha gentleman from Pennsylvania, in
this debate, has pressed the argument on the
House that this was the d<ri ton of the tribunal of
the last rescrt, and that all the other Department
of the Government must yield and con'orm .o its
adjudication S r.itisinexaet iccordance with inde-
cisions that this House is now considering this very
question of constitutionality They have d"cla.red
that u is our business to decide that question, and
not heirs. If more than this is claimed to have
been decided by that court, I deny its authority to
have gone furtWr. We are co-ordinate and c >-
equal with the judiciary. It is our basm< ss to pre-
scribe the law; it is theirs to administer it -2nd en-
force it between individuals. But the Consign ion
is above both. Each, m its own department, must
construe for itself, snd nei her can control or lord
it over the other. Thit solemn oath which you ad-
ministered tg everv member on tms floor embraced
nothing but the Constitution, and hart noth ng to
do wnh those comm°n'anrs which the judiciary
may have made upon i . Th° ra h was per-oia ,
the infraction of the Constitution would be person-
al, and the high penal sanctions of lhat oa'h would
be personal, bo h in time and eternity.
Bat the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Butts]
claims more than a Popish infallibility for this tri-
bunal Their decisions are lo be above and to su-
P'rsede the Constitution. Instead of tha  sacred
instrument being laid on our table, in order to be
before us for perpe ual reference, it is to be laid
upon the shelf, or hid m some obscure recess of th's
vast Capitol, and the decisions of the Supreme Court
substituted in its stead This, sir, is what the gen-
tleman'? argument would do for the Constitution.
What does it do with the President? The gentle-
man declares that, in the face of the decision of
that court, the President has no right to think about
the high injunctions of the Constitution; that the
court has thought for him—has expounded for him;
and it is his bounden duty to confoim, with impli-
cit obedience, to its commands The same argu-
ment leads to the stultification of this House and
of the Senate of the United States*' But, sir, I am
not surprised at it. Throughout this session we
have been told that we had no right to debate, now
_we are informed (what it was easy to anticípala)
that we are not to think adversely to the Supreme
Court.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, the frr edom of debate has
beenckvfn down, 'he liberty of thought has been
denied to this House and to the President; and thpse
these two great departments of our Government
are proclaimed to be the mere agents to register
the edieis of the judiciary
Sir, I am admonished that I have but three mi-
nutes more to protest against the passage of this
bill—three minutes more to protest against the
monstrous doctrmps by which it is sustained. Sir,
I have no use for them, hut to give them back to
that inexorable majority by whom they were
granted.
NOTE'.
Mi B doe- n it wish to be understood as raying that ti\njow
■nah of the corn er Hon s' ow tint tht ¡ imposition to amhoi iz*1
Congiess to char er a banl wii eo nomine, suhrmued ti the
convention and rejected That theie wa such a pi opoe,ui< n
however, is satisfactorily established by othei testimony He
submits the fol'owioe from Mr feifeiaon s Memons
"March the 11th 1798—When the bank hill was under dn
cushion in the Houseof Representative ludge Wilson came in,
and was standing by liaHwm Baldwin reminded him of the
following fact which parsed in the grand convention —
Among the enumerated powers given to Congiess, was one to
erect coiporations It was on debate struck out Several par
ticular powers were then proposed Among others, Robert
Morris proposed to give to Congress a power to establish a Na
tional Bank Gouverneur Morns opposed i observins that it
was extremely doubtful whether the Constitution they were
framing could ever be pissed at all by the Anoeucan people
that to give it ita best chance however, they should make it as
palatable as possible and pi$ nothing into it not very essentia!,
which mi^nt i aise up enorme5: That hi colleague (Robert Mor
ris) well knew that abink had been the ereat bone of con
tention between the two pa ties of the ^la e from the es
tablishmeot of their Constitution, having been erectel, put
down eiecttdagain, as either paiiy preponderated, that theie
fore to insert this rowtr would instantly enlist against the
wh ile instrument the whole of the anti Bank party of Pennsyl
vania whereupon it was lejecied as was every other special
power, except that of «mog copyn^hts to authnis ?n\ patents
f> inventors Iheírea^ral power of mcorpoiatma being whit
tied down to this shied    Wilson agree 1 to the fact "
The areum.p'nt heie submitted, as to the ic) etimi of this,
power is fully sus ained however, by the f liowmg extract
from the journal of the convention. (1st vol Elliott's Debater,
pagfe 278 )
"Saturday August IB, 1787 —The following additional pow
ers propobed to be vested in the Legislature of the United
S a es having been submitted to the ronnrlerati >n of ihe con
venüon <3¿c weie refeired, &c The fifth j reposition of these
nes was as follows
(To grant charters ofmootporation in cat.es where the pub
lie good may require them, and the authoi ny of a «ingle State
may b   incompetent
"The 12th nf the same series was m the followirg word*
"T > giant charter^ of incorporation "
These two piopo^itions b^ing in the same eerios, ofTeiedby
the «ame individual a' the same time cannot be consic't red as
tautological but rs really intended for different objects The
first shoul 1 be regar led mo'f pr >b ibly, a& intended foi corpo
latióos for cuttma finals or other improve nent^ where «eve
ral States weie interese 1 and other similar purposes The
secontl, as intended expresslv for conferring banking power**
that being the almost umvcisai mode of creating bar ks m those
days as. well as now If the second proposi ion chd nit look
exclusively to banks, it ceitainly included them, as did also
the first proposition
On Wednesdav September 12fh the Committee of Revi^nn
repoit arevi ed draught of the Constitution, from the vanous,
n regular, and detached decisions which had been na'e in
winch they do not pi opose to confer on Con pre** the rischt ot
creating coiporations in either of the wavs proposed in the
above sent *
On the 13th (the next day after the report) it % as mo^ el and
seconded "That the House pioceed to the conpsiin0" of the
report ftom the Committee of Revis on \ ith the articles which
had been agi eed to by the House, and to them íefened fot
arrange nent," and the «anie was real by paragraphs com
pared, and, m some places, corrected and amended '1 his was
to be carefully done, m order to see if they had arranged it
correctly) according to the dec sions of the House    The report
does not embrace corporations, in either of the forms, mentioned;
hence, it is fair to conclude ihey had been rejected by the House,
and therefore rejected by the committee in their compilation.
On the 14th September, whilst this process was going on, they
reached the eighth section of the first article No one com-
plained that any thing had been omitted by the Committee of
Revision, that they had left out improperly "the right to create
corporations," in either of the forme above mentioned But*
new proposition, to giant letters of incorporation for ca ala,
&e was piesented, and voted down by the convention "Seas,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Georgia—3 Nays, the other eight
States This was either a new proposition to procure the pow
er, or it is a summary mode of identifying the old ones wbick
were rejected by the above vote
Mr B in his comparison of the relative expensivensae of the
Independent Treasury and the Fiscal Bank has placed the an-
nual expenses of the former entirely too high One half of the
amount stated would have been much nearer the mark
SPEECH OF MR. HUJNTER,
OF VIRGINIA
/it ifte House of Representative), August 5, 1841—
On the bill from the Senate for the char er of a
Fiscal Bank of the United States. Delivered In
Committee of the Whole on the sta'e of the
Union.
Mr. Chairman: It has been well said lhat the
bill now before us presents the great question of
the session, for there has been no measure as yet
proposed, which disturbs so deeply the relations
between capital and labor, or which affects more
unequally the distribution of ihe profits of pro-
duct on and fhp burden of taxation between those
great and too often conflicting elements m society.
But, sir, it is not equally true that the discussion of
this question is exhaustf d, or that the public mind
is entirely satisfied with any result which it has as
yet reached upon this subject. On the contrar-y, I
believe lhat it is deeply and anxiously exercised
with the consideration of this very measure, in all
of i's complicated re'ationv to society Public at-
tention is already directed to the vast and almost
untrodden fields of political science, m wh ch we
have yet to explore the prmcples upon which the
ptod s of produc'ion ought to be distributed, and
the laws which will adjust the true relations, and
produce an harmonious co-operation between ca-
pital and labor, in the great process of creating na-
tional wealth. Shoall this inquiry end in the dwj
covery of those laws, whether of nature or of man,
which will harmonize these great interests, and sti-
mulate ihe u«eful and productive energies of the
ommurity to their highest measure of activity, I
shall feel that we have achieved a step in our
moral and political progress, which will more than
compensate us for the evil •> heretofore expeiienced
from the b?nk(rig system.
But, Mr. Chs rtnan, whilst I dissent from the
.opinion that the human mind has nothing more to
ac hii've in its researches into this great and com-
plicated subject, I am ftr from presuming to think
that I have teen more succe«s(ul than others m
•he result of mv inquiries I only mean to say
that there are great mullí, in this and oiher coun-
tries, who are far from thinking that noihing more
is to be learned upon this subjec, and who may
agitate it even a ter the lights of this Hou<e are
exhaus ed upon it, and I use the^e considerations
in my plea fi r ihe pi or privilege oí thinking
upon opmiors wbuh I am forti tden even to
examine by seme of tho^e who tniertam them,
and who seem to ín'imate that ihey are be-
yond the reach of human ka«m, and are now
to be treated enly as matters of faith. The Ameri-
can people will scarcely consider them as such,
high as may be th*- sources from which they ema-
nate For one, 1 believe that tí e agitations of this
question are but now in their commencement.
They are too mt mately connected with tboie deep
and hidden sourieo of strife between different mte-
re='s of «cctety, to be «uppres ed or avoided until
tha nature of th's on-ieuion is thoroughly under-
stood.
But, Mr. Cliaijman, at the 'ame time that I ex-
press these opinions, I freely admit that there are
many of the American people who denro a Na-
tional Bank. Some of these, doubt'e^s, wish it as
a pol'tical engine, and value it o !y for its power
in that respect, but by fsr the g eater portion ho-
nestly sustain t' e measure under the belief that it
will promote mduslry by enhancing the value of
credit, and give more stability to pnces by its ap-
proximations to the true standard of value and. a
more uniform system of exchanges.
