APPENDIX TO TgE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841-
■27*H-l€OiMG.".l8T Sbss.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hunter.
H, of Reps.
To ttee first class of these friends &i this uisiw-
tion I have no argument to address; for, if the mo-
-ntl restraints be not ¡sufficient to arrest them, I
should hardly stay their purposes by admitting, as
tBum do, that asa political engine, it is the most
jefficient which a party could employ. Nor shall I
eater, with the other, upon the general question of
, the constitutionality of a United States Bank; not
only because I have nothing to add to the ar?a-
ments already urged against the power of Con-
gress to incorporate it, but for the reason that it
Would perhaps be vain to oppose this institution
' ttpon such grounds, if I were to admit its necessity
for those great ends of trade and social economy
which they .expect from it. It.might be difficult to
persuade them that ibe very law which created this
Government interposed insurmountable obstacles
to the social and political progress of its people;
or, if I were to succeed in impressing them with
the belief that this Government, by its Constitu-
tion, is thus untrue to the great ends of its insti-
tution, it might only induce the wish to abandon it
Ss manifestly unfitted for the objects which make
it valuable. Indeed, the consideration of consntu-
tional power will be entirely unnecessary, if ihcy
can be persuaded that a National Bank is not
only unfitted, but absolutely hostile to the
ends which Ihey honesdy propose. That
such an institution is b.o*tiIe to these ends, I my-
self have no doubt. I beliere that its tendency is
to diminish the value of individual credii; that it
will prove the fruitful source of fluctuations in
prices; and that it is incompetent to produce
a uniform system of exchanges; or that it can
only do so,, if at alt, by imposing upon the
community at large a tax which ought to be
borne by the particular interests which receive the
benefit.
The reasons which have led me to these conclu-
sions may not, and perhap' will not, be equally
convincing to others; but it they inviie the'atten-
tion of wiser minds to (he subject, I shall have
achieved my purpose.
What, sir, let me ask, is credii? When labor
obtains the present u-e of property, upon the
pledge to return it at a future period with some-
thing more for its use, this obligation is the credit
which labor exchanges for propern; and this spe-
cies of obligations constitute* vo la'ge'a proo'-r-
tion of ihe general mass of credit?, that it is use-
less to consider the other kinds in the present inqui-
ry. But what are ¡he inducements m this species
of exchange? The expectation that this property
will be increased by labor in the process of pro-
duction; and this increase, which constitutes pro
fit, will be' divided, according to the terms of the
contrae1, between th  laborer and the capita-
list. Production, then, is .he great founda-
tion upon which credit reposes. It is upon the
faith of this production that the credit is offered
and the property exchanged. In this exchange of
credit for property consist  the greater proportion
of the trade of society. There are exceptions, it
is true. One species of property, or one speciex of
credit, may be exchanged for another; but the
great business of society is production, and the
contracts for the division of the profits of thir pro-
duction between capital and labor commute the
great mass of the exchange-; in every community
It is with this great mass that I am dealing; and,
as I said before, I abandon the consideration of
the particular exceptions which are unnecessary
to the present inquiry. But, tt may be asked, how
is the day-laborer interested in the value of this
credii? In tbe first place, he almost always does
obtain property, in the shape of provisions, clothes,
or in other forms, upon the faith o.f his returning
their value, or something more, from the future
proceeds of his labor. But, in point of fact, hi-;
interests are represen'ed by the producer, who
lends the capital for the purpose of producion. If,
in the division of the profit of'his production, the
capitalist receives much and the producer little, it
is manifest that the lat'er can give but little to the
laborers whom he employs. Whatever capitil
does not get in this division of the profits of pro-
duction, labor must receive, as these are the
only elements in that process. And the more
the producer thus saves from the capitalist,   the
higher are the wages of labor. Lei us see now,
Mr. Chairman, what are the circumstances
which affect this division of profits- between
those who represent the two great elements m
production. One of tbem manifestly is the pro-
portion between these obligations, or credit,, and
the capital—^by which I mean the entire proper-
ty—of the country. This property, at any given
time, is a fixed quantity, which can only be in-
creased by the slow process of production; but the
obligations rr credit offered by labor are fluctu-
ating, and may be inereased-at will. Any increase
in the amount of this credit, beyond the increase of
property by production, diminishes tbe value of
credit, and increases that of property, as compared
with it. Or, to state the proposition tn anoth. r
form: the*e oblig|tiens, which constitute credit, are
what labor ofSffjÉto pay for ihe use of property;
and if, with a given amount ot the latter, you in-
crease that of the former, the effect is that labor
nromises to pay more for the same thing, arid it-=
wages are diminished. Labor must depen.t upon
production for the me?ns of payment; find if it
pays more for 'he use of property than b fore,
it must, of course, receive a less portion
of the profit of this production than before. The
lowest limit, beyond which labor cannot go, is for
the mean3 of subsistence; but, confined as it almost
always is to the soil by' local attachment, it gf ne-
rally does sink to this level before it leaves the
country of its birih and residence. Propeily, on
the other hand, except land*, is transferable; and,
having no local attachments, will not lower ils de-
mands beneath the general level of its value in the
world at lar e. Such are the unequal terms upon
whiph these interests come into conflict, when Go-
vernment, by improper legislation, forces a contest
upon them.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the views I have taken be
true, the real prices of propert; and labor depend
upon .the proportion of the profit of production
which each receives; ami this, again, depends upon
the proportion between the credit or obligations of-
fered by labor and the property of the country at
the time of that offtr.. I do not speak now of t\e
money puce of either  I shall come to that by-
and by. It follows, then, that whatever increases the
portion of credit to property, enhances the real price
of property; and whatever d.minishes thit propor-
tion, increases the real price of labor. For m-,-
self, sir, I am for justice to h,.th interests. I be-
lieve that ih' natural laws of trade would adjust
ibis question harmoniously and equitably between
the two, and every attempt of Government to in-
terfere with th^se laws m this respect must pro-
dure fluctuations and d>sa<ter.
In this view of ihe c ntesi- between capita! and
labor, it is manifest, Mr. Chairman, that labor
has to contend wim some disadvantages, for al-
though the value of property as a while depends
upon the amount of credit which labor off "s in ex-
change for it, yet Ihe value of particular species of
pr<.per:y, as between therrise!v=s, depend* also
upon the proportion of demand and supply. To
distinguish between the fluctuation- occasioned by
this csuse, an i those produced hv the quannty of
credit ihrotvn into the market, is always difficult,
and sometimes impossible. In these fluctuations,
propeity other than Unds cannot be.mnch. dimi-
nished in v'lue, as it is easily trmsf-rred, and
therefore governed by the pnces of the world. It is
not so, however, with labor, tor th* quantity of
ere lit is variable, and dep ■noVnt upon human will
and Government regulations. It i°, therefore, a
matter < f prime importance to labor to obtain some
stable standard of value, that it may distinguish
the general from the particular flucuia'iras in the
prices of property, and thus estimate trulv ihe re-
sups of its transactions. Nature his furnished that
desideratum in the precious meials, which are a
species of property. These are not only of univer-
sal use as a circulating medium, but they have a
particular and intrinsic value fordomeftx purposes.
They cannot be increased at will, l.ke credit, but,li!<e
other kinds of property, are increased by production,
and nearly by the same laws, as all production
tend? to the same level of profit by which it is regn--
la ed. If there be one rate toward* which the pro-
fits of the different species of production all tend,
it is-manifest ¡hat the precious mcialsareiooi rased
in amount, in somtithing like he sama proportion
witn the mass of property m general. The value
of thes?, as compare! with. prjper'y.de •ends not
only upon its us s for circula'ion, but for domestic
purposes; and its fluctuations as a circuiting me-
dium are constantly corrected by the facility with
which it is abstracted from the currency when ni
excess, and furded in manufactures.
The interference of Government with iha value
of these metals for some, centuries past, has ren-
dered it difficult to determino how iar they approx-
imate towards a stand.i>d < f th= abstract value of
properly. But, wiih all these regulations, experi-
ence ha^ proved that, though their value . may
change from century to century, yet, practically,
they me sufficiently near ih-_ line standard for ajl
the purposfs'o'trade If Government, toco, did
not interfere with ihe. rlu'ditv of these rreeloos me-
táis, 'hey would be of mesiimab e u-e to l.jbir, in
enablins it to measure its transactions by a stand-
ard which represented the general value of proper-
ty  s contradistinguished fr on credit, an,! the par-
ticular value of the different speeies oí propeny as
compared with each other.
And wbat, Mr. Chairman, is the course which
our Government proposes to pursue, under the
banking system senerally, and by ihi« bill in par-
ticular, towards the standard which naturp had vo
benfficentlv provided for our use? I; propo.-es,
by means of bounties, to substitute the credit of this
and other corporations for specie, and end nv them
with exclusive privileges, which gives ihetr credit
an.advan'age of Ht least six percent, over that
of individuals. It stimulates them, by the ~j/IZ
law of their creation, to extend the issues of ^gf
pwn, and to increase the mas- of individual
credi's; for it makfs th^ir profits d. pendent
upon ihe amount,.JJa bank credits woich ¡bey ex-
change for that ofjipyidua'b. This very increase
of credits, to wJittsbV they are stimulated by the
bounty of Government, increases the price of pr -
perty, and diminishes the. va'ne of labor, for tbe
reasons I have before given. And whil-t me v/i tse
of property gf «orally is incieased, the value of th*
precious metals is diminished, by the laws whici
place them on the same f. oto g witn the privileged
bank cred't. Tous the holders of specearu forc-d
either lo perosit it to sink in value with this Cridit,
or else to export it. The consequence is, that it is
exported; an I trjg law* notonlv give to ttie^e eor-
porat'ons the value of ihe speci? which they are
p«rm'ted to substitute witn their credit, bu', bv
making credit (he measures of va ue, encornase
its increase, until (oreen nation' , which are be-
yond ihe reach of their privieges-, inteipose and
cUmand a liquidation of the d: Lis due th~m in
specie. Expeliere", as well as 'heory, h.tvc both
proved that there is a natural tendency in this
credit measure of value to increase, until the ma-s
of obligations is so swol'ed that produc:ion becomes
almost prr.fi less to labor, and general bankrup'cy
en-iv's. Whon the value o' out credit is thus de-
based, and that, of pr .perty is enhance!, foreign na-
tions trade in our credit, and feed upon tbe profit*
of which our labor is r]es,„ulrd, until ihry have as-
cumulated such a mass of obligations that pru-
dence requires their conversion. Labor and pro-
duction are then (axel to the inmost, to pay the
debt which is thus accu.) ulated. Property is no
lonjer srivei ferlv in exchange for covin; for, if its
prices at homi should ho k-ss toan th"s>- abroad,
all of it that is tnovea'.lc wol go 'o "¡her cpumnes;
and land, which i<fixed, and labor, wh'CU'sneir'y as
much fixed by its local attachment", bear ihe bur-
den of ths pretor?. Hen-ethat profound instinct
which has generally placed labor ai,d landholders
in opposition to the pap r m< ney syrtrm. Bu!
how fare thesi hanks, which oco. >ston ihe miscbipf,
tn such periods of difficul.y? in ihe first plac, the
privilege  which Government gives them make
their credit more valuable than itut-of individuáis,
and thus throw upon ihe-¡ I >.st, as the weaker part
of the system, the first effect;: of the pressure.
And shoull a demand be made upon th m for
sp.cie, experience has s'ioivn thit, they are always
per-mitted to suspend, and th s impose upon it.di-
diviluals the v;ho> demand for specie to supply
foreign creditors.   What, then, Mt, Chairtni.n, is
