August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S8f
27m (Jong.- "1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hunter.
H. of Brgps.
the privilege of thus issuing pap r money, but a
tax upon individual ciedit, and, of corsequence,
upon labor? a lax, wh ch enares to the panícula?
benefit of the«e corporations, and to the property-
holders generally.   The effect of this bounty given
upon   tbe   condition of  i creasing   the   gentril
amount of credit, to diminish its value, may per-
haps  explain  some  of  the apparent anomalies
winch have puzzled modem politicians.   Here is
the explanation of   the wonderful fact,  that the
condition of the workiug e'asses m England has
become worse as the national w ealth increased
The   process   of    production    which    produces
this wealth goes steadily on, but, i,nder the opera-
operation    of   the    paper    system,    the     pro-
fits   of labor b°come less   and   less,   and   the
contrasts are daily more and mo e striking between
the   extremes of  poverty   and  wealth      Here,
too, sir, u to be found the expl?nation of toe re-
markable depressions which we have witnessed in
the value of our o \n credit and labor, depre sions
which have dimtnt bed the value of our credit so
much, that foreign rations could affntd to deal in.
it m preference to thtir own.     He who deals
in our credit, <?e«.L> ? so in our ¡aboi, and if he
procuies our credit ch'aper than he bavs credit at
home, it is occause re is obtaining a mortgage upon
our labor, which mdu.es it cheaper to mm than his
own.   In such penods as these, be refuses to deal
in our propert), because the sane cau^e—the same
protected and pnvi'«ged paper sjstem—which di-
minishes the va'ue of our credit, ncreases relative-
ly that of our property.   Aie these abstractions,
sa?    Is this men. theory?    I know, sir, that m thi
House the ten i ' abstraction" weans ¡hat A is the
opinion 01 an adversary, and that "good common
sense" alwais dts gna'esont'^own.    But I apjeal
to those who have no need to u e this answer of
epithets, which reduces  all unc'sistardings to the
same level, and makes tbe lephcs of all members
equally effect we.    I appeal to tuosc, v \ o, corse ous
of the ability to pre ent their own views, m t1 e ím
posing dignity ot luman reason, can afiord to un-
derstand even the opposite views of another, as they
have withm themselves, the means of correcting
him when wrong.    To such—and such there are
in this House—I appeal to know if cur own history
does not confirm tne truth of my positions.    It was
long since remarked by Mr   Biddle, tnat the ex-
pansion of our credit system had ths tendency to
increase 1he imports and diminish the exports, and
a reference to  our hi tory since 1820 goes far to
confirm his proposition.    During the twelve years
succeeding  1820, our current y appioxisiattd to-
wards,, the Enghs'a standard, and the average diffe
rence between our exports and imports for that pe-
riod, did not exceed §5,000,000    In  1832 com-
menced the rapid fxpan^ion of our currency, and the
the imports of merchandise alore, from 1832 to 1838,
exceeded tbe entire amount of our export  by $117,-
380,212, beside^ an excess ot cou, amounting 'o $ 15,-
054,157 makirg a total of £.172,000,000 of excess of
importb over tac exports.    And here it is worthy
of remark, that in 1836 alone, when our currency
was most expanded,  the  eicesa of our importa-
tion  over th  expo ta'uns wa   $01316 000     To
show how tu   affWed  our productions at home,
we may reft,r to  ¡fee  ai ticla of wheat, aiiongst
oth r      This, unler a'ar ststcu of trade, ought
never to ve impcitcd mío "us comtry     Nor vas
suca  a  thing  kr>oi ii unt 1  1831, when a   small
quantity of íoicigi  wieat ü si maje n    eppea1
aire.    But   a -.  import t"c"c forw?i 1  i em  d
with the expan iols of ou  ia'i   íe , i >  il 183s,
and in 1637 alón-, 3 l2l,ÜOJ bus'rls w^rt. brought
in    The wdae oí  our ctu'it r js, caring th s pe-
riod, so reduced by t se  eipan^ns of thebaiks,
and our  labor was tit s at  gag d so de ply, lilt
foieign nation, coa'd s=ftu d to bu} it in ¡irefi rence
to their o wo, although tfey mig"   have lid tl at
at the rate of tweuly, fitteer, te i   aid   onetime
even eight cents a day, for the vvtrt oí an ¿ble
bodied laborer    And wha , sir, hi' b°en the ex-
perience ot the mana'actarers  undT th s paper
«¡ystetn?    Every *v ff vh ch has  ben 'a d for
their protection has turned out to bo—not a pro
tection,  it is true, but a bounty to the pap r sy*-
tem    Tbe duties vhicn were at first high enough
to exc'ude foreign, manufectu'-es, &oon  became
1«
inadequate to that end, and h gier duties were
supposed to be nccrs aiy.    The tiuth was, thai,
wnen the returns for our expor s could ne long r
b° made entirely m goods, a portion came to us
>n speci", upon winch there was no duty.   This
served but to stimulate the bank expansions,. nd
soon our ciedit became so  low, that foreigners
could afford  to bay it in despite of our duties.
And tlius, whiht they  were deprived, by the dis-
proportion between  the values of prfpeity and
credit at home, of the chance of seeking foreign
markets upon lair terms, they were m danger of
being mastered by foreyn compe'ioa in the very
market which ihey had sought to sccuie by the
protec ive tariff   Whilst these duties then afforded
no substantial protection to  tne manufac urci, by
a permanent exclusion   of  fore ga compe mon,
they served to hurry the  fmau< ¡al catastrophe to
which tbe papsr system is constantly tending, and
by which the manufactur r, m common with other
classes of laborers, suffers so seve'rly     V, under
a moderate revc me du'y, tho exporter received his
return., m other property than specie, this, by in
creis ng the amount of property ¡n the country,
would tend 'o keep up the equilibrium between the
value of property and credit at home, and this
would serve to check   in some degree, the undue
expansion of ihe cedit of the country.   But the
protective svslem forces the exportei to bring horre
specie when 'here is no natural a^mand for it, and
the banks at the sane Une expara their eurr-ncy
upon the supples of the prec o as metals thus fur-
nished.    Tuto saa,e sy4¡ern  aib0 p„0 eoth ,ije Px_
pansion from the ch cks of a foreign demand for
specie, by supptcssi ,! parhahy, and for a time,
impoitaions nom abro id     But this expan-ion
sosn increases ihe credit price of p operty so much,
that manufacturers are united fr m aoroad, arc!
the full  tide oí importation* seis in so strongly
up n the c-un ry a= to sweep t y y ihe feeble <md
(cm o ary banuer;, erected  b/  the protective sys-
tem     And 'hus, -s mlsi by  the tariff we give a
bounty to one clasd of producers ai home, w e de-
press the vauteof our credit by th" paper system,
for th  benefit of tnose abroid, so tna  laboi  is
taxed lor both, and it is difficult lo stv from which
it suffeis mo<t    Sj aioaulc «; his been the stat<>
of our trade an! industry under these como icated
burdens, that gent'tmen. who fcvor th  sj^tsm
which imposes Inem have rt orted to  tne wildest
conceits in their suggestion of the causes and the
remedies.   Amidst the great advantages which we
posses, foi agncultural production, they have sepn
th- very staples of hie saldenly imported in snch
quantmes as to a^ ound   them     In a country
where labor seems to enjoy all that it cauid ask, in
the freedom of its Government, and 11 tne extent
and exuberance of lis soil, they have seen  the
vaiu° of credit ?nd bbor so d p'esced as to be
commanded even by tbe poor peasantry around
the shores of the Baltic     Th"y have seen t ade,
whose free corrse th„y nad ^o írdustriously ob-
structed, burs'mg those barriers p«nod cally, and
devasta mg, ¡n i s ton cuts, what i would have re-
freah°d/nd íer i'zad if it had b en permiu ! to
pursue the even tenor of n-, way     But thay hi>v("   I
not se n 'ie íeal caus s of the mischief   or  they
ha^e fa led io expose hpji  tnty  hpve s e-1     On
the cos rarv, thpy t't.v   p    ¡o ct' no reneccsbut
siuh as flow fro" tbe "<d s   r^ieu <  oí legisla
t ve qaaJ fy     iiekr^tui    1 t   v ^ai-iot t  tie,
' ey are d   > use1 lo cu , ani1         J' r niot riju-
1 'tint  r de wi h foic t i  i             o   he i n ra«,
ibt y sBim a  i ■> t Vialt       ' re 1       'do   i  ? ¡to-
gether      Some nronosp  to p •scp    c  > g-est < it i -,
upo" wi íes an i si k , to n^ve  t 11 ri.nort.it o-i t,
sp^cie   A.id ih  , sn, ¡s, to rptrd. 3 a  - s it of pro
v Mon for sp^ei1 ¡ a/mems  by  I ic b _kr    n. 1 nd
of res rcitmnjn susnt, lsion—     supply   I  "jn
po¡,«, ihe defcien'1 e-.  ol   hi^ bi 1 ip   ti?i  r gard
O h"ib, aga n, des 13 a tax upon «Mr   oy ¿ pi o
si astoprevu"t fort gi n% 101 s Jm     sti'ng /->«
A'ci/ly o u , ro , strange a  itrii^ vra <iv, tb
too hes been paiadcd as ¡> gutv? r-n     It is nui "i
oi sra\e conpHint, that io eig ei^ ro rnt ??\ us
eno^gnfoi then  p cpe'ty    A   ', Vi Chaiimnn,
th're pro some of thes  ¡;pi l« me i who haye mori-
than intimated hni v e sfaaH bf runed quue, ,t oir
foieiga tr?de noF -e- ff tea   aster,    S r, tney
will not long nave cause for that apprehension, if
the nestrums now presented are to be swallowed.
But, Mr. Chairman, having thus far considered
the operation of this banking system upon produc-
tion, I propose now to examine lis effects upon.
taxation    How does it affect the distribution of
this burden, as, between labor and property! Tjfcies
to be received in bank paper, by increasing the de-
mand for it, operate as a bounty upon it, and add
to its amount    But this increase of the amount of
privileged cred t diminishes the value of individual
credit, as I said before, and to that extent falls en-
tirely upon labor. Thus, labor haa not only to pay-
its share of the tax to Government, but to suffer the
lo s occasioned by the diminished value of its cre-
dit, to give to these favored institutions, and to pro-
perty, an advantage, at its expense.   Every loan
made by Government,  unless exchanged for pro-
perty in some shape from abroad, diminishes the
value of individual credit  If exchanged for specie,
this specie is drawn iiom the common stock of the
wond, and the tax operates more ¡airly as between
the labor and the property of the country which
makes the loan    But when this loan or tax is ex-
changed for bank paper, it does not draw property
from abroad, but swells the general amount of do-
mestic credit, and diminishes the value of that of m-
div.duals   This «species of taxation, then, imposes
a double burden upon labor.   In the first place,
it increases the value oí  property, in thus dimi-
nisnmg that of labor, and tbe holder of the former
sometimes receives nearly as much „ntore from the
laoorer, under these enhanced prices, as he himself
has paid into the public Treasury. And, m the nex.t
pi ice, as the pntes of property rise, Government
'i u t coHeci more credit to pay for what it buys.
So  that each new tax thus collected creates the
necessity for anoihei, by diminishing the value of
the medium m which t is lecciveJ..   The influence
which this sy tem  has upon the distribution of the
burden-of taxa'ion between cpital and labor is
another circumstance which goes far to explain
tbe stiikmg contrasts which we see in England be-
tween tbe growing misery of the working classes
an 1 ihe increasing wealth of the nat on     It will,
perhaps, show also how and why it is, that since
William III the Government of England has been
o generally sustained by the holders of property,
who seem lo adhere to it with the more tenacity as
the taxation is increased.   They may differ as to
the party which shall administer it, but the Go-
vernment itself, and the settled policy of that Go-
vernment, tiey have sustained under every circum-
stance of difnraity and  embarrassment.    They
feu that the   burden of taxation was  not upon
them    It fell upon the poor operative,—upon the
child who, with crooked  bones  and a diseased
frame, toiled its  seventeen hours a day, and who
never knew the sports oi relaxations that belong
ti its aze, fiom the time it left the withered breast
ef its mother   until  a found repose in the grave,
trom ihe labors which overtasked its streng h.   It
fell, sir, upon  that  class   indiscriminately, it fell
¿pon   the he'ple^sness of  childhood, and   spared
neither the feebleness of woman nor the decrepi-
tude of declining years, as it pursued  that most
miserable oí hum-m of >eingi—the English opera-
tive— hroughoat his p?mfu! career from the era-
do to tl - work house, ard from the work-house to
the yr*> ve     Bat, s r, it was a "trifle light as air"
up< n tie 1 ¡idly  jrrprteUr, m comp?r «on with
hf heaviness cf it> ^_-c ion upen those v«ho were
t.     . > e to D ar it     Tte  expenenc of France
.ill''  ot   Enoland   during   ihe    tierrendous   war
í iicn \ as wa< td Ictveen  them, illustrates fully
i    cenp^r" ive burdens, of   taxation, as it   is
iciettcd n\ specie or c cdi\ not on'y upon the
d rler^nt ci?   cso'socety, but upon the commu-
mty generally    Doing  the period between 1798
an i l^H >,apoleoiiercou.ntered the world in arm*,
undjctih  interest upon the na lonal debt was
oiy   increased,   after all   hs   wais,   4160,000
sterling, or about $800 000—not much more than
we snail pa/ on our loan   of $12,000,000    It is
true that France had entered into tne banking sys-
tem, to a small extent, during this time,   but its
currtney was, comparatively speaking, of specie.
In England, on the other hand, during this period
the currency was of paper, and trie tax^s were e<?J->
