APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Con©"-1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Saunders.
H. of Reps.
our well-ordered system of government will be de-
stroyed, by the unskilful hands which shall thus per-
vert them to purposes for which4they were not de-
signed.
Mr. Chairman, this subject is as vast as these
new pretensions are fearful; but I forbear to pur-
sue it further. I know that this bill is predestined
to pass, and that any opposition which 1 may make
to it will be utterly vain. And yet I feel bound to
say that, after a careful consideration of th's bill,
ua its relations to society and the Constitution, I am
firmly convinced that it will disturb the harmony
and retard the progress of the first, whilst it vio-
lates the letter and spirit of the last.
Sir, I have done.
SPEECH OF MR. SAUNDERS,
OF NORTH CAROLINA
In the House of Representatives, August 2, 1841—In
Committee oí the Whole, on the Fiscal Bank
bill.
Mr. Chairman I mighf congratulate myself on
my good fortune in obtaining the floor, as it had
been my wish to have addressed the House on a
previous occasion, but that I now feel no little em-
barrassment in speaking on a question of this im
poitance, under the continued fear of your new
rule for limiting debate. But, sir, I cannot suffer
a measure so deeply interesting to all—so vitally
important to the country—to be carried through
this body, without an attempt on my part to expo e
its true character. The gieat Whig measures, of
promised relief are all of minor importance, and
can avail but little without this crowning act,
■which is to give life and being to the whole. The
bill for the distribution of the proceed* of the pub-
lic lands, whose improvidence is rendered the more
glaring by those which have followed—the one for
authonzirg a loan of twelve millions of dollar ,
and the other for raising, by taxet, twenty seven
and a half millions more, thus giving, borrowing,
and taxing, at one and the same psnod—are all
measures of deep interest to the country, yet thoir
mischiefs may be remedied, and their effects are
temporary But the bill under debate is a mea-
sure fraught with consequences which the wisest
a nongst us are unable to predict, much less to
foresee. Viewing then, as I do, and as others do
Wiio think and act with me, as a measure of this
character, it is net to be expected, and should not
be a>ked, that we who thus think should suffer it
to be saddled upon the country, without every ef-
fort oa our part to arrest us progress.
If we call on the advocates of this bill for their
power to impose on the country a measure of such
fearful import, we are answered by being told that
others who have gone before us have done the like,
and that it is a settled question If we demand to
know its expediency—the benefits which are to
ilow from it—we are still directed to the past, and
although we nay find therein much of mischief
and htt'e of good, still gentlemen urge us on, and,
in their wild imaginations, paint the future with
promts s, hopes, and, and expectations, which
must end in di appointment, disaster, and mischief
If it be now decided that a Bank is indispensably
necessary to the future operations of the Govern-
ment, so must it continue to be for all time to
com And you add a new and great moneyed in-
stitution to our system, not contemplated by th 
framers oí the Constitution, but by them expies*ly
denied. And we are told this is a settled question
How settled, and ty whom? By those who are au
thori7ed to think and to act for us, or for those to
whoTi wp are responsible? No, sir But by past
lt gt latiTts, former Execatives, by a judie ary m
the e pounding of lans enac ed by our predecj-
oor« ami by public opinion, as collected, under-
stooi, in ' ii oulded, as may best suit the vie vs cf
those «ho c iim to exercise th  power in qae&t on
If each and ail of the*e departments had b°^n uni-
form, in the r dpcis ons, without doubt or cnatjgt, it
would not solve the difficulty with such as re now
calle 1 upon to cxeit a power which iht> do not be-
lieve ughtfully to exm But let us look into this
historical record to which Ihe honorab'e gentleman
from Penr-sy!/ama [Mr, Sergeant] has invited us
and of* if t>> s power has not, o\er and a aia, been
' n  d v1 cn/Ic-ne'1
1. The Legislature —I shall not, at present, go
further- back than to examine the first act wliich
transpired on the subject, after the adoption of
the  Constitution;  and  that was  the bill which
passed for chartering a Bank, in the year 1791.
It is admitted the constitutional question was then
raised, and that several members of that Con-
gress had been members of the Federal conven-
tion.   But if we examine and consider all the facts
and circumstances attending the granting of this
charter, it will be found not to constitute such an
imposing precedent as some would seem to ima-
gine.    In the Senate the measure was carried
through, without eliciting much debate, or even
producing a call for the yeas and nays on the final
passage of the bill.   In the House of Representa-
tives, the matter was more seriously contes'ed    In
that body were nine members who had been in the
convention for framing the Constitu'ion.   Five of
them   voted for,   and   four   against,  the Bank
Amongst the number was James Madison, who
had taken a more active part in the formation and
adoption of the Constitution than any man living.
His speech against the power of Congress to char-
ter a Eank, will be lead and admired so long as
the Constitution itseir shall command respect—its
argument sound, its reasoning clear, its deductions
irresistible.    His mind was then free to act accord-
ing to the dictates of a sound and discriminating
judgment.   Fully informed of all that had trans-
pired both in the formation and adoption of the Con-
stitution, and uninfluenced by any considerations
rf necessity, policy, or precedent, he was left free to
consult and to follow the force of reason and the
lights of truth.   The suggestion of the Secretary of
the Treasury (Alexander Hamilton) that a Bank
was necessary to a proper administration of the
Government,  however  it may have  influenced
othsrs, had no influence with  this great and vir-
tuous man    He well understood the history of this
question to chartei incorporations, and chose to in-
terpret the Constitution in the spirit in which he
knew   it   had   been   adopted.     And   most truly
did he remark in that speech, ''With all this evi-
dence of the sense in  which the Constitut on was
understood and adopted,   will  it not be said, if
this bill should pass, that its adoption was brought
, about by one set of arguments, and that it is   now
administered under the influencs of another?   And
this reproach will have the severer «.ting, because
it is applicable to so many individuals  concerned
in both the adoption and administration "   If this
language was true then, as to the arguments   used
for administering the Constitution, how much truer
now, as to those urged fin its interpretation? Now,
it is said, the Constitution u settled, and whatever
may be its real sense, we have not the right even
to   think for  ourselves    I   cannot subscribe to
this loyal doctrine of unconditional submission to
the will of any power      The bill for chartering
the bank   became a   law,   notwithstanding   the
earnest opposition to it.   It wa*. allowed   to have
its full term of twenty years, when came the great
contest fonts renewal    Tne bank had been cor-
rectly administered, and   its   affairs  successfully
managed    The objections on that score ha 1   but
little weight in deciding the question.    The de-
bates show the great point in issue was—the pos-
er to grent the charter     The period was (avorab'e
to an  impartial   decision  of the question      The
oountrv, though much embarrassed b> our difficul-
ties with England—difficulties -which soon led to a
w ir—sill  was   not st greatly   indeb ed   to  the
Bank ?s to have any improper influence     Bank
ii-cnnmol i'iois ' >  members of Congr ss   aid   t;
ed toi^- cf the p ps  d d no' at  hat di} constitute it 
bus tp s  trans^clnn       Tpe  Adrim stra ion   had
been fr  tin years in th  ban i  of lh° R pubhe-tn
pirty     Trp p   nrtpl s   of th it party «ere   e^'ct-
vely difiVstJ, pPd «really  lifluen el  the puo i-
in n 1     It \?smd r  the influence of t11 e  pin
c pl s, thit a majority of   the  Representatives  of
the people had been  e urned to Congress    It '.as
natural, therefore, tb'U they shouli  not   merely
rcfleotthe popular will,   but sus am that   creed
which constituted a cardinal point in th ir political
faith—a trict adherence to the spirit and letter of
tne Constitution,   under these advantages, the de-
c s4oa #<* made! fod,3( a°ed. not sgv, ta« power
denied, the charter rejected, and the republican
banner again waved in triumph Passine this
important decision, we next have that of 1816 in
favor of a Bank. The country had just passed
through a severe war with a powerful enemy, and
with a domestic opposition as virulent as it had
been unrelenting. The banking sys em was greatly
deranged, and ealled loudly for a remedy TJn-.
fortunately for the country, the President gave
way, and the republican party yielded to the ne-
cessity of the times Mr. Madison, at first, ve-
toed the bill, but, in his message, s"aid he consi-
dered the constitutional question as waived, and
the result was, the incorpoiation of the la'e Bank
of the United States. Many of those who voted
for that Bank, soon after repented of the act, and
a still greater number now are amongst its most
strenuous opponents In 1832 the bill f r lenew-
mg the charter of that Bank was carried through
Congress, under circumstances not entitling its de-
cis'on to any great respect It was arrested by
the veto of President Jackson, and the people
sanctioned the act in his re-election, and by re-
turning a majority to Congress opposed to the
measure. In 1837, a resolution passed ths Hcusa
of Representatives, by a vote of 123 to 91, declar-
ing it inexpedient to charter a bank. Such has
been the legislative action of Congress on this
question; from which it will be seen if the power
hat been three times averted, so it has been twice
denied; once decisively against the cons nutional
power, the other against its expediency, and both
clearly responsive of the public will
2 The Executive —The advocates of this power
place great reliance on the fact that General
Washington approved of the first charter incor-
porating a bank. But the hesitation and reluctance,
the doubt and embarrassment, under which he
lent his great name to the measure, greatly detract
from the weight of its influence He not only re-
tained the bill to the very latest moment, and call-
ed for the opinion of his cabinet, m writing; but,
as it now appears, actually consulted with Mr.
Madison about the grounds of a veto. Mr. Jef-
ferson was a member of his cabinet, and gave a
written and able opinion against the power of Con-
gress to grant charters of incorporation Mr. Mon-
roe, as a member of the Senate, and Mr Madison,
of the House, had both voted against the bill So
that, of these four distinguished individuals, three
had denied the power, and the one yielded it with
great difficulty. It is true that Mr Madison in
an after day sanctioned a bank, but there is no
declaration of his that he ever changed his opi-
mon on the constitutional question. If he did
change, his arguments remain a living monument
against the power, unanswered aad unanswerable.
The attempt now made by the friends of the power
to draw to their support the name of Thomas Jef-
ferson, evinces on their part a willingness to rob
the dead of their fame, to carry this measure The
written opinion of Mr Jefferson, as a member of
President Washington's cabinet, as well as every
other act of his illustrious life, in favor of the
most rigid construction of the Constitution, ought to
satisfy every liberal mind that his opinion under-
went no change That both the elder and younger
Adams were m favor of th's power, is not to be
quesi ned Si it i-.equally certai'i that Genera
Jackson and Mr Van Burea were oopos d to it.
General Jackson not o>ily vetoed the bill, bu*, in
hi parting ¡«('dies  *o the peop'eot ths United Stales,
cautioned them m the most empnatic terms never
to revive it fir Van Bu^en announced htmse't
!> ihe uncompiorr is 1  opponent of a Bank,
aid, .rith thf avo la! cf his < p a oi, was elected
Piesident Gener"! Hani on oee'ared the Bank
uncotibti u ion.il, and a 1819 vo el, as a m «<btr
of ll a Ho isp i f Renre'-n at /c> ff r the following
re o'utirti ' R..scfaed, Ib&t ti p Ot> an 'ee on the
Jidiciaty be iriiirL* tj i-por* a bill to RE
Pfc-AL the actL!Hiti d '\n act t incorporate the
sub cribas to the Bm1 or ¡he Urited States ' ap-
proved Ap'il 10, 1816" Airr this vote by the
great Wrng leader, wp „iou'd Ivaí nothing moie
aoout this revolut onap/ doctrine of repeal. It
cannot be said the Bank had been bad!/ managed,
and had mcjrred thereby a iorfei u e of ¡ts char-
ier.   If «e, j, W8~ eat fed *c   notice by aci /«, a
