<«f
August, 1841«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
27th Cong.......1st Sess.
Macal Bank—Mr. Saunders.
H. oí Reps.
hearing, and a trial I say nothing es to the opi-
nions of Pfead^nt Tyier: they haie already been
read; and, if he shall adhe> e to th m, there can be
no danger of a Bank for the present. Thus it is
found that, of the ten Presidents, six, if not seven,
have declared against the eonstitutiona.1 power of
Congress to chatter a Bank
3    The Judiciary —The decision of the Supreme
Court in favor of the constitutionality cf the late
Bank, is with somp gentlemen not only conclu
sive of the question, bu*, as they say, closes the
months of all, whatever may be our individual
opinions. If we were m a court of justice,
and the law were still in force, I can well
imagine and admit the strength of this reason
ing But we are not in Westminster Hall, but
in the Houseof Representatives The law is not now
in force, but we aie called on to revive it m a
still more objectiorable fori I say, then, not
only we, but even the present judges of that court,
have the right to review and dissent from that opi
nion, should it be considered ás wroi g The court
might feel under great obngatiens to follow and
respect it, for the sake of uniformity, and because
there, a judge is hardly allowed to question a pre-
vious decision, wi'hout subjecting himself to the
charge of going against the sealed law of the laud.
There may be considerations operating with us,
which the judge m'ght not allow to operate with
him. Fiat jus'iiia, rtiat calum, is their boasted
maxim And, wnhout intending to say any thing
that shall detract from the high ciaracter rf the
court by which that judgment was pronounced, or
the ability of-the opinion as giv n by it—it is a lit-
tle remarkable, whilst the Chiet Justice does advert
to the fact of th  action of the Legislature and the
Executive in favor of the po ver, as well as to the
law being suoported by those v no had been mem
bers of the Federal convention, 1 e passes by in si-
lence th? con'raiy opinion, a« expressed by those
departments, and fai's to noti e th" impor ant fac',
as disclosed by Mr. Msdison m his «seech—-"that
a power to grant charteis of incorporation had
been proposed in the general roivention, and re-
jected." Under these circumstance'!, however great
my respect for tne court, and however disposed to
bow to its decisions during the existence oí the law,
I now feel at hb riy to consult what I consider
even higher au'hon'y, and tb.it i5—the Constitu-
tion itself. To revive a law pronounced by jour
courts unconstitutional, would bnng the Legislative
directly in contact with the Judiciary department,
but not so in going against the op mon of 'he court
in favor of a law on a quest on of l's renewal. I
proceed, then, to the Kst pojnt
4   Public optra n —I pm at ad times and on all
occasions dtspootd to tr a' this authority with the
highest respect la man rs of cipe !inncy, tie
avo-ved opm on of t! ose I ti sv repres=¡u wdl, on
all occasions, be obligatory witn ¡re, ?n I on con-
stitutional questions I «h uld differ from them
wi'h reluctance A m I am free here to d clare,
on a question of eon=litu'i nA construction in-
volving nei her legal r se?^1' ru' technical or me-
taphysical divine ens, whrh oft n bcvilder and
mislead, rather than enliguen tue j e'gment, I
should fi_ei as much disoo^ed to 'w a free ind de-
cisive express on of th" p íb'ic o i>t meat a  tha' of
any court But, I asir, wbeie js this demonstra
tioT of the ruble spnttrarnt it favor of a Bank'
It ,s not to be lona 1 m tre rfii't oi your la'e Pre-
sidential e'ec irn Tne Pres Jen', in hi' or-enog
message, declares that sah th  Sjo-Tr^asurv ard
the Bank had be n cmJemied by the voice of the
people. It wag exp ess'y eond" ined m the re-
election of General J cks i ? i i i < the e tetnn of
Mr Van Bren No i>sv> o the k nd wps rea'*
m th  election of Gen Ha'ri'cn Tie convent on
by which he sa« nomina ed m-*'-" no c\cl rition
in favor of a Pirk, bat left eacu ce'em'e lo pi r
sue his own c°urQe, an! o mak* bis o#n ¡«sues in
his own Slate. I undertake 'o speat< for my S ate,
and say, with all becoming respect, that the course
of the Whig party in North Carolina, m the can-
vass of 1840, on 'he question of a National Bank,
was marked by equveoca'ion and a want of candor. I
do not say what was, or what might have been, the
opinion of a majority of the freemen of the State,
but that no issue of the kind was made or tendered
by the Whig party, either in the State or national
elections. The Slate convention preceded that of
Harnsburg, but neither made any avowal in favor
of a Bank. And I challenge any gentleman to
produce a single document intended for general
circulation in our State before the election, in
which a dec aration was made of an intention by
the Whigs to establish a National Bank. On the
contrary, I hold in my hand the speech of a gentle-
man of high character, now a member of the ca-
binet, and amongst if not the very first delivered
in the S ate after the nomination of General Har-
rison, in which he distinctly denies that General
Harrison even fwored, much less that he was for
a Bank. In his speech Mr Bad6er sayc- "Next,
it is said that General Harrison favois a Bank of
the United States. The charge is false His
opinions, on the contrary, are. ->g£iost a Bank.
He has declared it an institution which, as Presi-
den, he would not recommend " This speech was
made to give a t"ne to the public feeling, and ma-
terial for the Whig party to operate upon. It was
published, circulated, and recommended by the
' Whig Central Committee," and m their address
accompanying it, they say—"It presents a forcible
exposition of the dangercus tendencies of th" policy
by which the present Administration is guided—
its efforts to force upon the people the Sub-Trea-
sury, its extravagant expenditure*, its exertions
to fix on the nation the cuises and dangers of a
large standing armj, to deprive the old States of
their juot portion of the public lands " So that
ih- issues mad  in the speech and presen ed in
the address were, Is' Sub-Treasury, 2J Extra
vagant expenditures, 31. A standing army, 4 h.
The public lands Nothing as to a Bank. And
as to the discretions, although a Bank may have
occasionally been alluded to, the great burden of
the Whig speeches turned more upon negro ter-
timeny, gold spoons, soap and toweli, and such
miserable slang as I should  ow blu^h to repeat
The elections having been thus decided, the
public ppssions excited, false prejudices created,
and the public mind deluded and misled, the can-
didates for Congress at the spring elections may
have avowed themselves for a Bank But the
shortness of the call, and the small vole, cannot be
taken as expressive of the public opinion as to
any thing Besides, at the last se sion of the Le-
gis'ature, wi h Whig majorities in both branches,
they decliner1 to act on resolut ons in favor of a
Bank, although resolutions were passed on the
subject of the public lands—the more uncalled for,
as ihey had been adopted at a previous session.
I th,nk, then, Mr. Chpirman, I ¡ray assume it
as established, that theLegislat >e, the Executive,
and the Judicial action on the subject, does not for-
bid our exam.mng in o the power of chartering a
Biiik, nor h?b there been such an ejpression cf
publ c opmion in favor of th  measure, m ti e
late geneial election, as to preclude us fiom a free
and unt^amirelled sxcrcise of oar own ju^gmen s
on he qu^i on Tt is not nv purnose at present
to go n o a discos in-j of the gen«ral qrcstion of
constitutional powc, becai«a, im4ei *cur aroi
traiy rol  for limiting deba e, I haye not trae o
do so I mun content my «elf with mer"'y s it r~
the argune-u as br cfiV as possib'e, leading to
others the tas1' of smilifivn g and extep ling it
i'iiat ou * is a G ivprnmtnt of ennnvra el powe",
non, at tM* day «ill no birdy enough to d ny
Tiat Congress can oi'y exerciv the granted
powers, and such is r-e <V"cdy ard e'ea 'y a ix
lhary theie'o, i , v i h me, a p-opo un eq' 1 y
r ear Wha ma, b  rcc^sarj and prop r 'or c?r-
rjmg ou* (legrante1 powers, *ray be ard, a I
~d-ni', is, a h frofdipue W= «.«y \Ye r „' t
ot pa sing a1' such la' as ?"  author z d b, t! e
ct-c ur'ing c'iuss of the 8i'i s ct rn cf tin 1, at
^f the G ns'ttuuor, confer no origin?! s;rai t of
po - er, but limits ,t¡c right to t'o riere execution
of t^e pov.eis aiready enumerated lha theiale
■>s 1?id down by Mr Midison ¿n his 'peeci of
1781 b the true and safe rule foi interpreting the
Constitution, and that was—"That according to
the natural and obvious force of the terms and the
context, the means must be limited to what is neces
sary to the end, and mcilent to the nature of the
specified powers."   That, in carrying out the ex-
pressly granted powers, you are confined !o the
bona fide execution of the grant; and without which,
the grant itself would be nugatory. That, m de-
ciding on what is necessary and proper, you are li-
mited to the necessity, and not to the utility, io the
convenience, or to the expediency of the measure.
If you depart from ¡his rule, and say a Bank
weuld aid the Governmeat in the collection of the
revenue, or its regulation of commerce, either as
to the currency or exchanges, you are afloat on
the wide sea of uncertainty, and remove at once
the great landmarks of the Constitution. You are
"puzzled with mazes and perplexed with doubts"
as to the policy or impolicy of measures; and fhe
Constitution is made to depend on what you may
happen lo adopt. Measures of primary impor-
tance to-day, may be odious and improper to-moi-
row. And you thus make the Constitution depend
on the popularity, or want of popularity of what
you may happen to do—a standard which no lover
of his country can ever wish to see resorted to, for
interpreting the great charter of its liberties. The
alien and sedition laws were held as necessary to
command a proper respect for those then in power;
and under this decision of necessity, your courts of
that day sustained their constitutionality. But
now, no one is so humble as te do them reverence;
although their spirit has been revived in the star-
chamber commissions issued from your Execu-
tive departments, to try men for their political
sentiments, and to carry out the great Whig system
of reform—of "no proscription for opinion's sake,"
as well as in the arbitrary and uncalled for ru'e
which you have adopted at the present session, of
saying not only how long a man may speak, but
when all debate shall end, and this, under the pre-
text of saving time and expediting the public busi-
re«s, but, a  I say, in violation of the freedom of
speech, and to cover your deeds in darkness. In
answer to our call for your power to pass this bill,
you refer us back to the powers as contended for
in 1791
1.  The power to lay and collect taxes.
2.  To borrow money.
3 To the power of passing all such laws as may
b" necessary, to the additional power, as pressed m
the argument of 1811—the power to regulate com-
merce To these you add the necessity of a Bank,
as proved m 1816, and now, if all other arguments
fail, then to precedent, and to what you consider
as expedient, wmch accommodates itself to every
man's will, as do the necessaries of life to the hu-
irán appetite Things once considered as luxuries,
are now held not merely as desirable, but as indis-
pensable to human existence. This seeking for
power everywhe-e, and finding it nowhe e but in
names—ceitamly not m the Constitution—reminds
me of the graphic description given by a disan-
gji hed gentleman in 1811, then denying the very
th ng wh.ch he now considers as exist ng beyond
all question.    Mr Clay sai-l
Tina vagrant powei to elect a bank afe having wanJeied
thioughout t ic whote Cons uuuon m quest of gome congenial
spo w aere m fo lantén his beea at length located o i that pro
\i io i winch authorizes Í on^iess to lay and cotlect axes, <^c
1 1791 ihepowei la refeired to one pait of themstr m ent m
IS1Í toannhei is0meume«itit'a iesedto be deducíale from the
¡ veri hows itself undei tuc ^rant to co u moo°y The saga
ci i^re^l ñlecommerce Har' picked here U-disappe is and
Sccietan of the Tiea 1115 ml"<n pursued the vigert couise
He lias taken shelter behind gtneral high oundmg an I irapos
ng terms
The shelter is now mere protection, not behind
h ch sounding and imposing terms, but under the
°i at sh e'd of precedent What ha, once
be n do^e may be repeated, and hat which
was wro. g and unconstitutional in 1811, is now
ii^Ht, as a mruer of convenience and propnetv.
And he,e I am reminded of the remark of tha
g i.'eman from Pennsylvania, who ca. ltd us
t -c\ to the period of 1781, and gave us the ordi
j a i " of the old Corgress incorpo-ating il.f Biuí
of Nonh America, in the preamble of Vih ch, ¡t .a
e'ec'ared "that the exigencies of ¡he Ur \ I Stales
renda it indispensably necessary," and he mfei^
from Ih s, that our forefathers not only decided a
Bank as then necessary, but that they so considered
it when framing and adopting lbs Constitution,
that it was by the means of a Bank they \ve¡e
enab ed to prosecute ihe Revolutionary war to a
successful termination. These were the men who
achieved  our independence and established the
