Sept.   1841._________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           f&S
27th Cong«-««1st Sess.                                    Feto Message—Mr. Gilmer.                                                  H^of Reps.
of legislation in all cases whatever in this District,
and that according to the will of a majority, what,
I ask, prevents their liberating the slaves here, and
declaring that every mnaway who may touch this
sacred soil shall be free? his chains shall fall from
around him, and he shall stand "redeemed, re-
generated, disenthralled," forever. A most glori-
ous doctrine this, for Southern men with Northern
prejudices! This is not mere fancy. I stand
not here merely to echo the clamorous war-
whoop of faction, or to sound the dismal tocsm
of an ill-founded and unjust alarm. But I tell
you, and I tell my countrymen, if this powsr
of legislating through this District for the States
is, once established—if we of the South yield
to this assumption of right and surfer the ma-
jority once to plant their lever here—they not only
may uproot our institution", but disturb and break
up forever the quiet, the peace, and the repose of
the Southern people. If we yield the principle
in the one case, the power is gone forever, and
with it our rights and safety. There is no limit—
no resistance.
"What1 can ye lull the w nged winds as'eep,
Arrest the lolling world, or chain the deep11'
No: once grant this power of assumed legisla-
tion without limit or reliction—its location with-
in the District, its operation without; and you shall
in vam attempt to arrest its progres . The suiges
of a blind fanaticism will roll on, sweeping every
thing in its tram I must be allowed, for one, to
resist this first approach of so dangerous a
power,—to plant myself on the ramparts of the
Constitution,—to meet you in the portico, and, if
borne down by the power of a majority, still
will I cling to its pillar', and if fall I must, with
nolo muían upon my lips, i will hold on with the
grasp of death, though I may be buried beneath
its ruins.
REMARKS OF MR. GILMER,
Or VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,  S pt   10, 1841—
In reply to Mr. Botís, on the Veto Message.
Mr. GILMER said that he  was him.elf too
young a member oí the Houce to be justified m
saying that no such scene had ever been witnessed
in it as> that which was now presented to the Ame-
rican people.    But, as an American citizen, and as
a patriot, he could not but hope that no such spec-
tacle  would ever again be exhibited in this or in
any hall oí legislation     What, siid M.  G. v hat
have we seen?    What do we heai'    The President
of the United States charged by a member of the
House of Representatives, coming too from the
President's own State, [Mi. Botis: Yes, ard from
his own district too ] a gentleman coming from our
ancient and yet ununified Coraron wealtn—a State
wh'ch, instead of being honored ai the mother of
statesmen, we hear so often reviled on th.s floor as
the prolific fountain of abstractions—with "per-
fidy."   Yes, sir, pcriidy is ti e charge, no le^s ib%n
perfidy—a word which cannot be uttered aven in
the penitent ary without excitirg disgust, ncl Irath-
mg.   Perfidj'   Yes, let mat word ring through th^
nation.   Asd perfidy to whom1   To what1   Per-
fidy to bis country?   Perfidy to hu God?    Perfidy
to  the Constitution''   Perfidy to a  private trust
Cunfic'ed to him under the compile aed relations of
sec ety?   Or, wi'h perfidy to his party1    If that is
the charge, the n I can r-,'er to my coheague himself
for an abundant d> fence    Perfidy m what?   I ssk
my colleague te pat his flager upon a s ngle sentence,
in what ihe President has now vviitten, cortannng
sentiments whicb. he and every other Whig on this
floor d'd not kno'v  tK=t Jehn Tvler pro e5scd at
the time when  the Harn burg Convention met.
Wh-re is n?     Let it be pouted out     P rfijy1
Indeed1  and what is ihe proof 1   S'eirabcat con-
versations, scraps from ? village new-paper, whis-
perings from ¿ark corners, rumor wi h her thou-
sanp tongues.    These, these   are  the  witntsses
which my colleag le,  a representative from the
metropolitan district of ¡he   State of  Virginia,
brings forward with a view to fix the charge of
perfidy, not on John Tyler—for, if that were the
charge, Virginia would "to the rescue"—no, but
on the President of the United Sta'es, the incum-
bent of the highest and most august office which
the world contains, an office conferred upon him
m part by the suffrages of my colleague himself.
It was but yesterday that we heard the war-cry
echoed throughout every portion of this Union,
"liberty or death!" The whole nation was con-
vulsed, and the canse alleged was that its liberty
was threatened. Then the Whig motto every
where was seen, "liberty or death "' But what
do we hear now? Why, sir, the election is now
over, the victory is won, the millions formerly
assembled by that cry have been dispersed. The
voice of the orator no longer resounds from the
stump; log cabin banners no longer float in the
breeze. All that is past and over. The President
has beea elected, and elected with the full know-
ledge lhat he cherished the very principles for
which he is now arraigned, and what is the cry
we now hear? It is not now "liberty or death "'
All for the country—all for the Constitution. No-
thing for party—nothing for self But now my
colleague comes forth wi h Ihe patriotic motto,
"Head him, or die "    [A laugh ]
It has been said there is but a step from the
sublime to the ridiculous. Yesterday none was
louder than my colleague in thundering out his
war ciy of "hoe-cake," but to-day, because the
President has acted out the avowed prisiciples of
his whole life, principles which he has done as
much to illustrate as any other individual among
us, we hear a new war cry trom Virginia, ' Head
him, or die'" I reminds me veiy much of the beef
story lhat Patrick Henry used to tell.
[Mr. Botts.   I have heard it a dozen times ]
No doubt, it occurred at the clore of the Revo-
lution, when, amid all the congratulations of pa-
triots for the redemption of their country, a man
who suiiered in the struggle, came with a demand
for mdemmity for a certain quantity of beef fur-
nished to the army. The soul of Patrick Henry
was indignant, and he denounced thib cry of' Beef
beef! beef" And here, amidst the congratula-
tions of the Wmg patriot*, for what they consider as
a second salvation of the country, we hear this cry
of "Head him, or die." "Head him, or die." Head
J<hn Tyler1 Head the President of the United
Slates? Whv1 Has my colleague changed, or h-ss
the President changed1 A mighty change, indeed,
has "come o'er the spirit" of somebody'  dream,
but it is not that of John Tyler. We hear a great
deal said about the issues made at the last elec'ion
Every thing was made the turning point. Every
thing was an ultima ratio. Every thing was the
great fundamental issue. S.r, there was one issue
made beiore the last election, it was a bet of ten
or fifteen thousand dollars m favor of the election
of John Tyler, and, as I am informed, it wa3 made
by a gentleman ot my personal acquaintance, by
a member of the House of Representatives, and by
a gentleman who was himself a very active agent
in effec..mg that election. That issue at least was
decided
[Vlr. Botts. I was the man who made that be',
and I now call on ; ou to explain your meaning ]
You have e\Blamed it i oursclf.
[Mr Botts. I ii.H^t lhat you wi'l explain your
meaning ]
Mi Gilmer I repeat tnñt you have given the
explanation Well, Mr. Speaker, and do^s my
colleague blame Captain Tyl^r <or winning mm
his bel? Now, when ihe bet is \ on and the mon y
in his pocket—now he turns round and raises the
cry, "head him "> "head bim ' ' Sir, tl„s will not
do—t' is will never do for the American people
It smel's too much of ihe joeKey My cihecgue
says "head him, or die " Sir, he may die, but he
will not head him
t~My colleague has referred toa eha'S'e of perf 'y
vhieh wasn^Ge fgain't Mr Tyler m 1S27, and
which my colleague cays was proved upon h m.
Well, si', it's true that John Tyler and John Ran-
doloh were then bo'h of the same poloical pa ty,
and Mr T, ¡er was elected in preferer.ee to Mr.
Randolph, and m this it seems he was guilty of
perfidy. Does not my colleague consider tnat m
making this charge he is not only slandering the
President of the United States, but scandal zing h's
own native State—scandalizing its Legislature, by
whom that election was made? But where was
the perfidy?   Mr. Randolph, I presume, had not
an exclusire right to the seat in Congress. He was
not a perpetual tenant, whom no man could eject.
Was he not the creature of the Legislature; and if
the Legislature chose to elect John Tyler in his
room, where is the ground of complaint? Unless
my colleague can show wherein the perfidy lies, I
am at a loss to understand in what it consists. He
tells you, however, that he was htunelt a political
gainer by the transaction, and therefore did not
complain. No, sir, he does not complain of
perfidy and treachery when he can make
any gam out of it. He cries out, it
seems, only when he is the loser. The trea-
son was the samé in both cases; the difference lies
in this, that he was a gainer then and is a loser now.
Did it never occur to my colleague that this act of
treason, which he says was committed thirteen
years ago, ought to have been remembered when
John Tyler was proposed as a candidate for the
Senate of the United States? Sir, I remember very
well that, on lhat occasion, my colleague stood by
my side, among a little band of impracticables,
consisting of fourteen, and his cry then was, that
no man was so fit to represent us as John Tyler.
Yes, sir, there he stood, unternfied, unmoved,
amid "guns, drums, trumpets, blunderbusses, and
thunder." He stood fire well; but, if John Tyler
had been guilty of treason, then why such zeal on
his part to send him to the Senate? Was that an
office for which perfidy was a qualification?
But the President of the United States has, it
seems, committed the unpardonable offence in
quoting Latin. Now, sir, I will not undertake to
say which is the better scholar, the President or
my colleague All I will say is, that I hope the
President will not utter the sentiment for which my
colleague contends, viz that after the Supreme
Court has spoken, he has no longer any right to
think for himself. My colleague told us that he
had a son of fifteen, and that if he could not write
a better message than that which the Pre-ident had
sent to this House, he would take him from school
and put him to the plough.
[Mr. Botts I did not say that. I said that if
my boy should write me a letter containing as
much tomfoolery as that message, I would take
him from school and put him to the plough, and
so I would.]
Well, sir, I do not exactly know what my col-
league means by Tomfoolery or -Johnforlery, and
I do not know how his son may write. 1 hope he
writes well. But I profess to know something of
the father in this case [A burst of laugh'er ] I
have seen a certa.n published MS. and 1 believe
it is now ascertained that my colleague is the only
regularly installed M. C. who is recognised as
the correspondent of the Richmond Coffee house.
[A laugh ]
But my colleague at the firat undertook to argue,
but he was so intent ou heading John Tyler, that
he soon left the argument. He made a discrimi-
nation be'«e"t> notes and bills, the effect of which
wa* to show u,atif this fiscal corporation discount-
ed no'es ¡t was a bank; but if it discounted only
btl's, it was no bank Now, I will appeal to every
lawyer in or out of this Hall, to say whether there
is any diitmcnon in law between a bi'l and a note:
they are in sub tasce the same A promissory note
is only an accepted bill. The distinction is
the difference between "tweedledum and twee-
dledee "
Mr colleague tells us that Mr. Tyler went to
Harnsburg for the purpose of nominating Mr. Clay
for the Presidency. I have very often heard this
s'id, and I will net undsrtaks to contradict it. If
my colleague will state upon his own authority that
<>joh was the fact, I must of course believe it;
out I confess myself to be lathei incredulous on
thai point Suppo«mg it, however, to be a fact, it
vvould seem to me as rather a poor return to be now-
denouncing the President for aihermg to opi-
nions which all his Virginia friends knew
him to ho d But Jehn Tyler went to
Harnsburg in a representative capacity, and
it is to be presumed carried out the senti-
ments of his constituents, but did my colleague
never ask himself this question, if Mr. Tyler did
prefer Mr. Clay for the Presidency, and all Vir-
ginia agreed with him¡ why was not Mr. Clay
