m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1841;
27TH Cong...  1st Sess.
Florida Delegate—Mr. Levy.
H. of Beps.
nominated? Sorely there must have been some
powerful objection to him. What was it? If the
opinions of both candidate  were thoroughiy
known, there must have been some principle in-
volved in the matter, for it seems that the Con-
vention turned a deaf ear to the voice of Virginia,
as there spoken by John Tyler, and did decline to
nominate Mr. Clay. Mr. Clay afterwards voted
for Mr. Tyler as Vice President. But why is he
now denounced? My colleague tells us that a
change has come over the spirit of his dream since
this Congress commenced its sitting. A change in
what? Because he would not sanction a Bank?
Why, if that is a good grourd for the charge of
perfidy, I have more grounds for charging the
President with perfidy than my colleague has. I
voted against several bills which the President af-
terwards approved. The President has disappoint-
ed me thrice, while he his disappointed—no not
disappointed—while he has fai'ed my colleague
bat once. Sir, I suspect that, under all this charge
of perfidy, there is a little more than meets the
eye. Yes, sir, Mr. Tyler might have vetoed
the Land hill and vetoed the Bank bill, and all
tha,t would not have unwhigged him. He might
have rejected both, and half a dozes bills more,
and still would have temamed a Whiff, every inch
a Whig—if he would have only given in his adhe-
sion to "oar good cousin Harry of the West." Ay,
sir, then he would have been among the best ot
Whigs. And what has President Tyler done or
said to his nearest friend*? What has Drought
upon hiai a sus-picion which is intended to agi-
tate the public mind in reference to a coming elec-
tion? I do not speak here save for that peo-
ple, that glonons people, whom I have the
honor to represent, but I do say for them and
in their behalf, that, for two years to come, I
shall he ready to raise my voice against any
man'  being set up as a candidate for the
next Presidency. I think it is due to the country
that we shall have at least two ses ions of Con-
gress occupied in promoting the public gool, nrd
not in making Presidents. I deprecate President-
making Congresses. They aie poh'ical conven-
tions, they are huge caucuses, and not Congresses of
the Untied Slates. I stand ready to join with any
man who will uniie to reform this great abuse. Í
say ihat there is no difference now amon  the
Whigs which has not existed since the origin of
our Government, and which has not alwas been
thoroughly known to all trie members of the party.
The Bank is no test ques'ion. Our difficulties arc
the consequence of an effort by some politicians t >
agitate prematurely the questio i of the next elec-
tion. It is this which has linown us back I
protest against it. I am no man's man, noi will
1 be.
But, I say if the Piesident is gudty of but oi.e-
half of what my colleague has charged upon him,
it is the duty of my colleague to bung an impeach-
ment against him. The American people are a
moral peop'e; they do not think a man who has
been guilty of gross peril ly ana treachery is a man
fit to be at ihe head of this Rf public I, t my col-
league then bring forward his clnrges; let him sub-
stantial them by evidence, and ie! John Tylpr be
ejected from his office with scorn and contempt
I am told however, th-it when th j clmge perfi-
dy tbry do aot mean perfidy in a legil sense. In
what sense, then, do they mean H? I cannot sav
how it may be elsewhere, but m old Wgima perfi-
dy is perfidy. That is common law there. Sir, I
cannot go into the facts and details w uch have
been referred to, the time will not permit. We
are told that Mr. Tyler shook his pure at the peo.
pie on thr banks of the Ohio, and Ihat it was an
•empty purse. Y-s, sir, it may well have been
empty, for John Tyler was always poor He in-
herited but little property, and in- aeauired none
But this reminds me of a rumor. I have heard
my colleague speak much about rumor, pcrfnps
he knows something about this. The rumoi was,
that the Pres dent was to retire from rffic1, a"d
that Congress should vote him a donation of a hun-
dred thousand dolla'S. My colleague, it is said,
•was much in favor of the plan. Sir, this was a
scheme which would have put some money mío
that empty parse.   But does my colleague in truth
suppose that no statesman can possibly be actuated
by any h gher lao'ive than moneys Dots President
Tyler owe no duty to his country? Has h  a soul
so mean, so little, as to be well content if jou will
but fill his purse? He does not know the man, or
he would at once abandon all hopes of such a
scheme. And vow, afler all this cry, in what has
the President differed from Congress, but on Ihe
single point oí this Bank bill. He has approved
all Ihe rest of your measures. Did not my col-
league know that President Tyler was bound to
veto that Bank b II, unless he had abandoned opi-
nions which he had held all hi-s life long' But my
colleagu  says, lhat in hi- message at the opening
of Congress, he referred the whole currency ques-
tion to them, to adopt whichever course they
thought best, and that he was therefore bound and
pledged to sign any bill which Congress should
pass. But did the President say that his opinions
had not changed? He did not need to say so His
opmions were known, and no change hod been
wnnessed by any body.
I was lately a locker-on in another Chamber of
this Capítol, and I the re heard a Senator from my
own State ask a certain very distingnnhed Senator
from Kentucky, when the latter was denouncng
the hypothetical trea on of the President, whether
one veto would constitute the President a traitor?
The riswei was, by no means. He then further
inquired whether a second veto, if it came, would
prove the President a traitor? To which th  Sena-
tor from Kentucky answeied, certainly not. How,
then, has my rollea?ue become so much wiser than
the great head and leader of his parly? What but
Ihese tHO vetues can he poit.t out in Pr°sident Ty-
ler in v hich he has disappointed any hope, not to
say expectation, of h s parly?   Not one thing.
I have now a word or two on the currency ques.
Hon, which I must add in justice to myself. It
seems to mc that the only source of all our financial
dimou'ties hes in a defective system of State banks-,
Tne Stale bank system of this ci untry is «o exten-
sive, anl the institutions have been so badly ma-
naged, that all our difficultier have grown out of
this one. If every bank note was what it should
be, the actual representativc of hard money, and
convertible into such money at pi asare, and the
knowledge of this fact should evoiy where irspire
confidence, ve should hear noth rg about the neces-
sity of a Uniti d S'ates Bank as a log.'U or. It tu.e
S ates woald but 'eeulate their own banks, all om
diffieul íes would be atan end. Theyhpve the
power, and they a'on . This Government cannot
regulate them The States can compel the'  o«n
bank; to pay specie, and, if the b^nks cannot do
t>at, are ihey not dJiisp'e repr^sentativs of a cre-
dit which doe  noi ev t? I could say much on this
point, but I fchcar. I wish my own tosmon (o be
understood I desire the influence of .his Govern-
mrnt 'o he brought to the aid of the currency where
it is piactic.ib'e, out «e never can do it here.
Mi. PROFPIT here obuined ihe floor, but, at
the earnest solnit^t.on of Mr. Botts, yHded
it to bim tot ii (0 minutes for tie purpoce cf cxpii-
na'ior.
Mr. EOTTá said In my icmirks of th.s mora.
in<- I end^tvored to avoid all pet?onal reference,
even to th" Pic ident himself, fmthtr than was m-
d SDensib'e to i far deve'opment of hi-, public
pours", pa^t ea'arly did I avoid any offenT e re-
in-" k to any mdiv duM on th.s floor. But the ger-
ilfP" firm Vir* mi find ng himself at fault for a
sit ^s nptial d 'prce for th" Prpsi 'eat, his made an
offensive r-rsonl ?«ranlt on me. He does not
gwe an effence d rect, bathe m-mustcs an offence,
whi"h is with i.ie ps urtpaidoppble as one more
diiectly given; ¡rd rs ho refused at 'he monent
i hen c?iled on for cxplai.?tion to jive it, I choosy
to construe it in an offens ve 1'gh'.
Th" cpn'leman re'cis to p large bet I hid miu'p
on the Presidential demon, and thuks ¡ am ready
' lo hi ad" th' President snee tre bet was won, but
lhat I helped t> sad him aVad until he was ekct
rd, wh ch, he says, s nelis too rri'ch of the jockey.
Sir, th  reference t as altogether unworthy of (he
quarter from which it came"; it was a low, vulgar,
base, dishonorable, and insolent reference. Mr. B.
was going en, when
Mr. PROFFIT claimed his right to the floor.
Mr. GILMER. I cannot hear such language
applied to me.
Mr. BOTTS. Yoa are obliged to hear it, and
hear it repeated—
[Here the voice of Mr. Botts was lost amidst
cries to order and the loud remonstrances oí Mr.
Pboffit, -who piotested apamst any such use being
made of his courtesy in yielding the floor ]
The SPEAKER called Mi. Boits to order, and
he thereupon resumed his seat.
SPEECH OF MR. LEVY,
or rLouiDA,
In the Home of Representatives, Sept. S, 1841—On
his motion to postpone to the next session ihe
consideration of the report and resolution of the
Committee of Elections, respecting his eligibility
lo a seat as Delegate.
Mr. LEVY said he was- not in his p'ace when
the resolution of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Halsted ] fixing th's day for a
hearing of the report on his cise, was adopted.
He had been informed that the printed report
would not be upon the tables of members until 11
o'clock, and had not, therefor?, hastened himself
in reaching here. He it ould have been pleased
had an opportunity been afforded him of express-
ing his deure upon the subject at the lime it was
called up. His accidental absence upon that oc-
casion, however, must be his excuse now to the
House for the motion he was about to submit.
Sir, (said Mr. L) convinced as I am that, at
this time, and in the pre°ent state of the evidence,
the House cannot safely proceed to a final action
upon the report, I have to move a postponement
of its consideration to the next session. Nothing
but an imperative sense of us propriety could in-
duce this motion upon my pari; for it would be
my choice, as it certainly wou'd be my duty to my-
self and to my constituents, to press the subject to
an issue as speeaily as possible.
The question presented by the report of the
committee is one wh eh I am sure this House will
not be disposed to pass upon wiih unnecessary
haste It involves consequences such as ought not
to be trfl cted without ü-e maturest deliberation
and undoubt ng conviction. Sir, the report and
resolution of the cmmittee propose not only to
vacate my seat, but, by the sentei cs of this body,
to thrust me for'h upon the wide wcrld without
home and without country—without al'egiance or
protection—without fellowship in any social com-
pact upon earth. Surely, sir, this n not a pro-
ceeding which this Hoiue will rashly adopt. It is
not a decree which a body of Americans will has-
tily pronounce, and without inexorable and evi-
dent necessity.
But, sir, it is not a'one m the effects personal to
mjself, lhat the doennes deducibie from the re-
port ot ths committee are to be deprecated.
They mvo've considerations of deep import to a
cla's of those I represent, who hold the evidences
of their c tizenship under the same ordinance
wh'ch is brought into question; and, in several
respecls, strike directly at miny of the best esta-
blished and most essent.al pnnuples of good
government.
L t me take a íapid glanee a' ihe case. I have
been since the year 1S19 (lien nine >ears of age)
a íes.deut of this country. Since the age of ma-
turity 1 have been performing the duties and exer-
cising the rights and privileges of Amenc?n citi-
zenship, and by m*' acts have divested myself of
any claim to the protection of any other power. I
have held, in the course of my turn' le career, re-
peated trust :, the exprpss q>ia! fie-ilion for which
was c'li/enship of the United States I have iden-
tified myself, in every po sib'p manner, ss a citizen
of Florida, a"d, by the ut-biised and undisputed
vo ce of th  ci«izens of liat Territory, hav  come
here to represent their interests to the Congress of
the United Slates, under a charter of privilege to
them which reads thuc:
"That ihe citizens of said Territory shall be en-
titled to one delegate to Congress, who shall pos-
sess the same powers heretofore granted to the de-
legates from the other Territories of the United
States; Provided, That no person shall be eligible
