Sept 1841.
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m?
27th Cong.-.1st Sess.
Florida Delegate—Mr. Levy.
II. of Reps.
'or that office who shall not have resided at least
twelve months ia the said Territory."
*ilere I am met by a remonstrance from a few in-
dividuals, presumptuously thrusting themselves
between the people and their choice, upon the
charge of a want of citizenship of the United
States, growing, as is sari, out ot irregularity in the
n turahzation of my father. I produce from the
State Department at authenticated record of pro-
ceedings, showing that, under ordinance No. 3,
enacted by Governor Jacitson in Florida, in 1821,
my father had presented himself before the court
appointed for the purpose, claiming benefit of the
Gih article of the treaty between Spain and the
United States, as an inhabitant of Florida on the
17th day of July, 1821; that the fact of such inha-
bitancy was ascertained, and a certificate thereof
issued m conformity with law; that said certificate,
accompanied by a memorial setting forth the spe-
cial circumstances of his case, was laid before the
Secretary and acting Governor (Worlhington) of
East Florida, and a certifícale of citizensh'p issued,
as directed by the law. Now, Governor Jackson,
at the date or this ordinance, exercised, by com-
mission of the President of the United States, un-
der an act of Congress, the supreme legislative,
judicial, and executive power in Floiida, limited
only in two unimportant particulars. His au-
thority was ample for the purposes contemplated
in the ordinance, as I shall be able to demon-
strate when wc reach ths merits of the case.
Mark you, sir; I do not claim ior him the power
to confer citizenship-; that is not necessary, though
it is by no means certain whether, exercising the
powers of Captain General of Cuba and Gover-
nor of the Provinces, he had not even that power,
under the Spanish laws and customs then still in
force in Florida. -Bui, as incident to the power
"to administer the Government" conferred upon
him, I do claim an undoubted competency to
prescribe a mode of ascertaining the fact of inha-
bitancy, without which it was¡ impossible to distin-
guish between those who were entitled to be
treated, under his government, as citizens, and
those who were not. And that feci once ascer-
tained and decided upon by the tribunal autho-
rized for the purpose, I claim to have the effect of
a judgment, and no more open to question, but by
revision m the ordinary and legal course of judicial
proceeding. Besides, at the date of the issrtat of
the certificate of citizenship, (which itself is to be
regarded as a judgment,) Governor Jsckson had
resigned, and Governor Worlhington, who i-sued
the certificate, was, by appointment ef the Presi-
dent, in the exercise of all the powers in E.-.st Flo-
rida previously held by Governor Jackson; among
which was the supreme judicial power. The ordi-
nance referred to was tran*ir.itted directly after its
promulgation, arid long before the proceeding in
my father's case, to the Department of State, for
"the approval of the President;" and acquiesced ia.
Under this ordinance my father took the oa'.h ofeb-
juration and allegiance; and the procedings m his
case were reported directly to the State Depart-
ment, in all its paiticu!ars. and po objection o, dis-
approbation expressed. From that time forward,
until 1 became of age, he has regarded and describ-
ed himself as a citizen of the United States.
I showed also that there hid b?en an express re-
cognition by the Executive IVp.-ittment of this Go-
vernment,'by the issual to me, after reference to
that proceeding-, of a passport as a citizen of the
United States.
I produced, further, a decree of the court of ap-
peal , directly upon the question of my citizenship.
Overleaping all these proceedings, ¡he commit-
tee propose to inquire de novo into the inhabitancy
of my father on the 17ihof July, 1¡*V..
Now, sir, this House will price:-.-? that there
are questions arising m this case of r.e 'nvial im-
portance. The rig f> t of the people of floiida to
be represented here, without oiher restriction than
is expressly provided in the act of Congress con-
ferring that right—'he relation which the Territo-
ry of Florida and its inhabitants bear to the Feder-
al Government—the broad question of the powers
of Jackson in Florida—the effect which is to be
given to the proceedings of public functionaries of
the United Slates, acquiesced in for so long a pe-
riod by the Government, and involving not only
the high and delicate question of allegiance, but
the rights of property to a large amount, which has
changed hands since th; date ?nd upon the faith
of those proceedings—the degree of respect which
should be given to the solemn adjudication of the
highest United States court in Florida, upon the
same question brought into issue here: all these
points, opening a wide field of inquiry, and in-
volving principles of vital interest to the well-be-
ing of society, must come under review. Does not
the House perceive that, by a hasty action upon
this subject, consequences of no trifling character
may result? tloev wide may be the mischiefs to the
people of Florida, and what the operation of an erro-
neous judgment from ¡he House, 1 will not now trace.
It is sufficient that rights have acciued, privileges
been enjoyed, and expectations created, by long
aoquiescense and silence upon the part of this Go-
vernment, which, by a concurrence of the House
in the report of the committee, will be ■suddenly ar-
rested, and thrown into inextricable confusion. Am
I not right, then, sir, in asking of the House that
caution and deliberation which is necessary to
bring it toa clear understanding of the case, before
it proceeds to a final decision?
Now, sir, I desire a postponement^ this whole
matter, for two reasons: and the first is, because,
in the present temper of the House, it is not likely
that the case will command the consideration it
seems to me to deserve. You are now at the heel
of a protracted and laborioussiimmerseision. The
exciting and animated party conflicts which have
marked its history, and the remarkable devotion
of all sides to the impoitant business vhieh has
engaged them, are followed, very naturally, by
exhaustion, list!e«ness, and impatierce. The
peculiarly absorbing interest ot political events
all the while transpiring, anil of so much
more consequence to toe nation than a decision
upon my case can be deemed to be, must
still further interfere with lire ability of the
House, though ever so much disposed to do justice,
to concentrate its attention upon dry judicial ques-
tions. This, then, would be reason enough, if no
other existed; but thc-re is another and moro potent
reason. The committee, c.ntrary to nil just anti-
cipation upon my part, have decided to rest ihe
case solely upon the fact of the inhabitancy cf
Moses E. Levy at the time of the transfer of Flori-
da. Now, the circumstances necessary to the trial
of that i--sue are not fairly before ihe House. The
true stale offsets is not present-d by the testimony;
and I ask the Hoube v.he'hcr it will proce-d to con-
sider and decide a question of fact, involving ?uch
serious consequences, when all the proof necessary
to a just verdict is not before it. If the absence cf
¡his necessary proof could be attributed to my
fault, I aeree! could claim nothing from the indul-
gence of the House. That such is not the case, I
will proceed to show.
Mr. L. then proceeded to detail how it was that
the necessary testimony upon his part was want.n .
He said that no notice of the intention to c-.nr.cs'.
his seat had been served upon bi.n by any op
P'.sing candidate, or by any other individua'; that
he liad coiie here in haste, alter his election,
to attend an extraordinaiy session. He had met
here, for the fif.t time, the remonstr?tice upon
which this proceeding wss bared. The oidy papers
fi.ed in its support, were a voluuury Uiidavi. pur-
porting to have been made in May, 1839, (Wo
yeas ago,) together with extracts of private letters
between third persons, and newspapers, with cer-
tain ink mark;-—nil eviden !y do'ioned for fjf-cl
upon the omr.ittee, and not for proof of ¡>ny alle-
gations. He had refuse-1, f-en-fVe, to tik-nny
n 'lice of the cue. Ho h.v! ie=tsd hioi:olr' upon
what he regarded to be his strict riahK: and he vis
justified i a ihe vi?>v he took of it, by tho fa.-t t'u.n
n> part of anv of these-oof e s (important, ns he
thought, to show ike momos ot ihe actor ) hid
been reported by the comrait'ec; -*.nd he could not
account for their suppression oih.rvise than upon
the ground that the comniiree had not deemed
any part of them legitimate or material. No
legal testimony was attempted to be offered until
about four weeks since. An issue was then at
once made by him. as to the effect of the Worth-
mgton record, which was not decided until tlieiJOta
of August—two days only before the report. The
operation of the decision was to open the question
of fact decided by Worlhington, and to call for
an investigation de novo into the rights of bis
fathor to the benefits of the treaty as an inhabitant
of Flfitida. He said that the only testimony he
had been able to offer upon that-subject was that
of a gentleman who had arnved here accidentally
on the 1st of September, after the committee had
decided upon their report, to which he had added
such further proof, (investment for settlement, &c.y
as he could gather at the .moment from the Execu-
tive documents and the files of the Supreme
Court of the United States. That the testimony on
the part of the remonstrants had been taken with-
out the order of the committee, and under circum-
stances which wholly prevented his attendance;
that, with the exception of one of the depositions
taken by the remonstrants, the testimony was alto-
gether from bitter, reckless, malignant enemies,
who wore here for the purpose of pursuing him to
destruction, without regard to tae means; and that,
if the House determined to rest with the committee
upon the issue of fact, it would have to decide up-^
en imperfect, unreliable, and conjectural evidence,
when certainly as to the precise facts and dates was
perfectly capable of obtainment by a little delay.
And now, sir, (said Mr. L ) was it to be ex-
pected of me that I should have anticipated and
prepared myself upon the question ol fact made by
the committee? I came here relying—First, tipon
the express declaration of my father, made in his
memorial to Worlhington, that he was entitled to
the benefits of the treaty as an inhabitant of Flori-
da. Was it for me, his son, to permit myself to
doubt that such was the fact? And I do not doubt
it; but, on the contrary, hesitate not in the belief
that the declaration he then made is capable of
full support by proofs now.
Secondly. Upon the certificate of a public
functionary of the United States, that it had been
proven to him "by satisfactory evidence" that my
father was really an inhabitant of Florida on the
17th day of July, 1321, and entitled to the bene-
fits of ihe treaty, and upon the acquiescence of
the United States Government in the proceeding.
Was it for me to expect a repudiation by the Go-
vernment of the acts of its own officers, upon a
mater altogether within the scope of their autho-
rity?
Thirdly. Upon the decision of the highest United
States court in Florida, directly upon the point in
issue. Was it for me to anticipate that the judg-
ment of the very court which the United States
had erected as the tribunal of ultimate resort in
the dispensation of justice among the people of
Florida, upon a question with the merits of which,
from its locality, it was neceisarily more familiar,
end enore competent to decide than any other tri-
bunal could pos-ibly be, would be set at nought
and disregarded?
S r, the Comt of Appeals of Florida is consti-
tuted of all the United Stales district judges of
that Territory, and for talent and character is se-
cond L> no tribunal of an equal number. The
judges who sat upon that bench are not men of a
day. Thry would gnce ihe courts of any Stats
of this Union, or of any country. Besides, their
decision turned upen the validity and construction
oí a lorftl lair, and the conclusiveness of a local
proceedin?, the na'ure and operation of which a
a Florida tribunal could best cotnprihind, and ths
nvpcLiefs of a decision one way or ihe other upon
which they were certa-n'y most capable to trace.
That decision in open to app-al and review in the
Supreme Coeirt of the Unir-d S-atrs; and no other-
wi-e eipght I's iropearhmri-.t to be countenanced by
•i-i- ITotr-e. At ?11 even's, sir, it was not for me,
the representative of ihe people of Florida, to
aive countenance to the impeachment of the cha-
racter and d-gmty of a judgment of their highest
jtri cial tribuía', between the appellate jurisdic-
tion of which and that of the Supreme Court
of the United States there i  hut one s'ep, by suf-
fering a doubt in ¡ay own mind as to its conclu-
siveness.
Sir, 1 have a perfect r.nd unhesitating confidence
that the proceedings under Jackson's ordinance, as
