3fá            ___________________APPEND!! TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      ___________August, 184Í.
2,7TB. Cong......1st Sbss.                                               Fiscal Bank—Mr. Mason.                                        ____             _______H. of Reps.
well as the decree of the court of appeals, will be
sustained by this House as conclusive, not,pethap ,
necessarily conclusive upon the House, but so tar
entitled to its confidence as to constitute evidence
of the facts and point decided, superior to any
other which ean be offered, and therefore rendering
unnece-sary and improper any further mqairy
Yet, m a case of so much consequence, I do m t
deem it safe to proceed to the final question, with-
out the proofs necessary to sustain m Ihe fulles-
manner the propriety of the proceedings and de-
cision of those tribunals.
Mr Speaker, I am sorry to have detained the
House so long with the details necessary to be ex-
plained m support of my motion. I feel that the
dnty I owe to myself and te the people I repre-
sent requires that every necessary exertion should
be made by me to sustain my right tothetiust
which it has been their pleasure to bestow, anl
which it is my pride to hold; and if I have exhaust-
ed the patience of any portion of this House, I
pray gentlemen to bear with me in, consideration
of the peculiar circumstances of my case.
But before  I take my  seat, allow me,  Mr.
Speaker, to make brief allusion to the topic which
has excited some anxiety in my mind   S >■, I have
been struck with what seemed to me the symptoms
of a disposition to give to my case a  party hue
It was with  regret, vr, I heard ihe remark of the
honorable gentleman from North  Carolina, [Mr
Stanly,] when the resolution of the coram'tiee was
first read at the Clerk's desk    And this  I should
not have referred to, convinced that this   possible
effect was no part of the gentleman's design, bad
I not been informed that, upon the very next intro-
duction of the case to the notice of the  House, the
chairman of the Committee of Elections bad indulg-
ed in a similar ailtiMon to a late prominent   case.
Why recall, Mr Speaker, the exciting occurrerces
of the occasion ihey referred h 1   Why, at the ve-
ry introduction of my ca'e before the House, seek
to enlist against me the acrimonious i minis>cences of
party conflict in days gone by?    Wherein had I
offended against either of those gent emen, or any
other upon this fbor?    Wby«hou'd it be desired
to prejudice me in a fair ¡>nd impartial heanng of
the merits of my eve, by the revi/al of associa-
tions ¡>o likely to bring into pliy  the passions in-
stead of the judgments of my judges?   Sir, vas
there nothing due to the pamfulae^ of my po^i
tionl   Wat it not enough, sir, to commend me to
the forbearance of gentlemen, that af er a hie, brief
though it may have been, devotid, in pn humble
way truly, but with my bpst ability, to  the public
service—a life, the firn and earli< st associali n*. oi
which com ect themselves wall the sod  and ins j-
tutions of  this  my country—'he only country I
knon—the only country   I own,—a life, in the
whole space ef which I have cought to cherish the
emotions which shou d characterize Ihe American
citizen, and during which I am conscious to have
felt, and to fe«l now, a patriotic c'evition, which 1
will not claim to be more g'owiig, but I will  not
concede   to be  less    earned,  than   that   whrh
animates   any   other   bosom upon  this   floor —
was  it not en'ugh, I say, sir,  to eommen 1 me
to  their forbearance,   that, thus  circumstanced,
in a  body I bal always looked up  to with  r-
verence as ¡("presenting  the g eat eovrmurn y of
American ci'izeas to whion  1   v as  attached in
feeling and in fpet, it should come to be ques-
tioned it   I was of the>n?     Was there no'hn;;
in one of the peculiarly pairfi 1  ftat ires of this
case, to p'eal  to then  («elrgs f"r  something of
sympathj?   Wa~ it t;creiOu<- at the icy moment
when Í was called upon ,r>  public to bow myself
to the «ft ok of the announcement of ih« reoort,—
was it gpreicu-, or kit d, si , 'o -Jd to its fees b/
an intima' in trat tn° rehii')" > «Tit cf pany was
tobemvoied   n "il if m/ pn    ie s?—arid that,
too, fiom those v-hJ  ve'    o be m/jru'gis'    S\r,
if it te because I at! of  one <- ili'icil -vitruaher
than another t  at 1  a-«i to u"   i.bj<-ctcd  to th s
heavv tria', I can only ^ay t^at I b?re my breast
to   the s'orro,  ard  «ill suffer pit cntij its fu-y
What, sir' is it a crime in t'us free lana fo Eitke
free choice of pr'ncipl°s?—*o follow the free bent
of our convictions?     Am I to be the humble vic-
tim of party fury?   I trust in God, not.    Wherein
would be the excuse? Because I am attached to a
party? True it is I have my principles I am a
Republican In my attachment to the pane pies
of that faith, I am a party man. But that type
of party which proscribes the virtue of tolera-
tion—which clojes the heart to the impulses of
humanity—which distinguishes in its beneficence
between opposite opimonb—which 'uthlessly tram-
ples upon right, and porons the fountains of
social harmony, and embitters ihe cup of this our
b ief existence—I thank my God, I can only realize
it, in the course of others towards me. Sir, I am
sure I should do injustice to the gentlemen if I al-
lowed myself to believe their hearts prompted what
their words purported. I cannot allow myself to
recur to the reputation for chivalry which the gen-
tleman from North Caiohna bears, without b¡ key-
ing that I would do bim wrong in attributing to
him the design of bringing party feeing into the
contest against me m such a case as this is. And I
am sure the justice I have a right to expect from
the chairman of the commi'tce, as a judge in my
case, should equally preclude, as to him, the impu-
tation of such a design
Mr Speaker, I have said it is a painful position
I occupy I do not murmur. I have a spirit with-
in me which shall never quail before misfortune I
em accused of not being a citizen of the United
S'ates To on° of my temperament—let me say it
in all humility—fee? charges could be uttered more
galling to my feelings. I not a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, sir 1 I not a citizen of the Un.ted States '
Sir, the quality of cifzen&hip is no' m the forms
which declare U; but here—m the bosom which
swells v/itb it. Thus tried, I know, I feel, 1 proud-
ly feel lhat I am an Ameüicajt a tizdn. And if
the country I love with a filial affection will punish
me for a fault of form, if any exists, though
that fault be not of my own, 1 will kneel me
at her feet, in humble submission to the chastise-
ment, and n<e>, rebuked, but purified, and still de
voted But, sir, she cannot dive me from her I
will fo low her destinies. She may frown upon
me, she may deny me the smile of her recognition,
she may refuse to number me among her followers,
but I will still cling to her, and, with o1- without
her favor, I wi 1 die as I shall live—an AiiirrtiCAV
Sir, I will not for a moment admit the sligh est
doubt of my iu'l light to citizenship. I should go,
with unhc-i ating confidence, before the Súpleme
Court of the United Siates with the question. It is
one purely and eminently judicial, and there, if the
oppouumiy were allowed m-, it could best be set-
tled. But if I am to be subjected to the misft rtune
of <j'i adverse decision from this Horse, let it be
at least, after such deliberation, and under s ich
circumstances, as can lea re no doub' oí Us pro-
priety Let not coascquene-s, such a-  will fo low
a concurrercb with th° commit'ep, be visited upon
mt m a hasty and harsh temper. Let me not Itel
tha  violence has been dune to ihe s=nlime its
which uni'e me to m «, my countrj, and to its peo-
ple, in a split recules  of me infliction. If Í mint
be ci<t fcrth fromth-- pale of your pol t cal sacety,
let me not carry with me, to mingle itself with toe
bitttrress of the calamity, the reflect on that the
decree ws pronounced m p'ec p'*au has'e, and
without full cru'iny into the facts And when,
hereafter, memoiy shall retrace the history of this
event, and revive m my bosom the pa n o' the mc-
m nf, wh n, if ever it be so, you are forced to re-
lect my claim to identity t > youurfve  m poh'ical
omiMmon, let ma have, at least, me consola'icn
to sustain ^e, taat I was sacaficed—->ct wilhnglv—
not to the iT-a'iate and mal gnant cravinir^ of par-
ty—but ii stern an S mexotaok vmj cation of the
!a ^o and in  itu ions < f the c^un ry.
SPEECH OF Mr. J  T. MASON,
Or MAIiA LAND,
11 iM Iliui  of liepicvnt9.liit,s, Angus! 3   13 U—
On the United S ales fiscal Bank bill
The bill foi the incorporation of the subscríbela to
the Fiscal Bank of the United States being lin-
del consideration, m the House of Representa-
tive  in Committee of the Whole, (Mr J C
Clark, of New York, in the chair,)—
Mr MASON spoke as follows
Mr   Chairman  In the course of the remaiks
which I propose to submit on the present occasion,
while I shall not expect, or even hope, to present
any new thoughts upon a subject which may prop-
erly be said to have been exhausted by the reflec-
tions of the greatest minds which our country or
the world has produced, yet I shall, nevertheless,
endeavor to avoid, as far as possible, the trite ideas
which have been so generally employed m the
presentation of the various aspects which this sub-
ject is capable of assuming
The consideration of the question of the charter
of a national bank as a fiscal agent, necessarily
involves the consideration of the repeal of the inde-
pendent treasury system, the present existing fiscal
agent of the Government, and, therefore, before I
enter upon the discussion of the mam question—
the charter of the bank—1 beg to be indulged by
the committee while I say a word or two in refer-
ence to the incidental question of the repeal of the
sub treasury The [incorporation of a national
bank will, of course, lead to the repeal of the present
financial agent of the Government Sir, not one
argument has been u«ed against either the expedi-
ency or the efficacy of this system, m either branch
of Congress, at its present session, but the whole
burden of the song of Us enemies has been, that it
has received the condemnation of the people of the
country, and must, therefore, be repealed, and so
repeatedly has this assertion been made without
contradiction, that with certain gentlemen it has
received almost the force of a maxim I shall not,
theielore, attempt ¡any arguments m favor of the
treasure, but shall confine myself exclusively to the
question whether or not the people have condemned
it. While I admit *he conclusions of the argu-
ment—that if the people have condemned the sys-
tem, it should heiepealcd, yet, sn, in defiance of all
that gentlemen have said upon the subject, I have
what may be called the rashness to deny the pre-
mises—namely, that the people have decided against
it To sustain them m this position they have taken,
the result of the late presidential election is referred
to as having settled the question beyond contro-
versy Let us consider calmly and coolly if such
rea'I y be the fact Now that the heat and excite-
ment of the contest are over, let us endea\ or to
give the question an impaitial consideration, in-
voking every feeling of truth and justice to banish
frcm our minds prejudice or partiality. We stand
now in a different a'titude before the country, we
stand in the attitude of statesmen, and not of par-
tisans la the statesman, then, let us forget the
pal Usan, and all thos  scenes of party stufe through
wmch, as such, we have lately passed A calm
having succeeded the storm of political excitement,
which nas reccrdy swept o\ci our countiy, pros
trating the fairest fabric^ of friendship ruffling the
pm est streims of social mtei course, and shaking to
their foundation the temples of truth, virtue, and
patriotism, I shall hope now to meet my opponents,
ieuewin_j the scenes ol disaster which have fol-
lowed to all the social, moial, and political relations
of life, rati er with feelings of melancholy regret
than with pleasure, or with invocations to the God
of Storms to renew a tempest desolating m its ef-
fects, and the memory of which ever) noole princi-
ple of our nature should dc'iie to see forever buried
jn the bottomless aoys  of the past In that spirit,
then, of impartiality and candor, let us ask our-
selves, not what our individual opinions are upon
this subject, but what is the opinion of the Amen-
can people i and in the same spint let us sustain
the people's opinion
Among the numerous questions ptesented to flic
American peop'e at the last election, none was
ur?ed agairst Mr Van Bjren Jiid his party with
less zeal than w as this his faionte scheme It is
true, that among the many sleeping chaiges
brought agamsi him, it was said that he was m
favor of nn'ting the p'irs" and th  sword," that
he wished " gold and silvei for the office holders,
and lags for the people ,' and similar demagogue
slang Bu , sir, I now boldly assert here in my
place—and challenge gentlemen to meet the asser-
tion—that in no sirgle instance, in not one of the
numerous whig cree Is (w Inch were as numerous
cs the States of the Union ) can any gentleman
showmewheie opposition to the caidmal print i-
ple in that'system—r7" fcpuralion of the Govern-
ment fi om banting coi pot attons—was ever made a
ground of ar'ack upon Mr Van Buren Refer to
every speech, to every address, to every publica-
tion made by the wins; party during the late con-
test , while you may find sweeping and indefinite
attacks upon the system, and particular attacks
