éúé                   ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________August, 1841
@7th Cong......1st Sess.                                           Fiscal Bank—Mr. Mason.                                                                H. of Reps.
is*lrue also of other States, and I defy gentlemen
to disprove what I have said oí Maryland.
"We have heard also a great deal, ímee we have
been here, of the distresses of the country calling
loudly upon us for ielief Numberless petitions
have crowded upon us, praying the repeal of the
sub treasury and the incorporation of a national
bank. Is it true that these memorials speak the
voice of the American people i Whence comes
all this complaint about hard times, pecuniary em-
barrassment, and distress1 Sir, it proceeds from
the discontented grunibleis that miest our cities —
" Where wealth accumulates, and men decay ,"—
from those "who have no other business thin to com-
plain—drones in our national hive The richest
mannafrom heaven could not satisfy their craving-.
Dissatisfied with the world and all things in it, they
regard themselves the peculiar objects of Heaven's
displeasure and their Government's neglect,—like
Graves in the play, who believed that, " had he
been bred a hatter, little boys would haft come
into the world without heads "
Amid the clamorous complaints which proceed
from the few of whom I have been speaking, and
for whose exclusive benefit the whole power of
Congress at present seems to be directed, the calm
and peaceful voice of contentment, which emanates
irom honest industry, from the quiet pursuits of
agriculture and mechanical labor, 1  lost entirely
upon our ear The fiist of these two classes are
only seen and heard in times of national prosperity,
demanding, when benefits arc to be dispensed, ia-
vors from their Government. But where are they
in national adversity *
The other class, unlike the former, silently en-
joy the blessings oí government m common with
their fellow-countrymen as they flow along, and
are ever ready to defend those blessings and then
country's honor with their treasure and their blood
The one class, like the daslungtorrent, the offspring
of the storm, rushes forth at a time when all na-
ture is refreshed by the rams of heaven, and needs
not its support, but which, when the sun sends foilh
his parching and withering ravs, lecedts, and
leaves even its very c hannel a deserted w aste The
other class, like the gentle stream that spai kles in
the glen, the same now and always, pursuing its
noiseless course, and contributing its limpid w ateis
to lelieve and invigorate exhausted nature Wo
thing that you can do foi the first class will satisfy
them, and nothing that j on can do for the other can
benefit them Then let us leave the one to their
own disquieted mood, and the other to the sun and
rams of heaven.
I shall proceed now Mr Chairman, to sav what
I have to speak upon the subjectot a naüonil bank,
hoping that the committee will bear m mind that
the reflections which are about to be submitted to
them come fiom one ofgrea( inexperience, and who
speaks more irom a sense of duty to himsell and
his constituents, than with any hope to influence
any gentleman's vote, or to shed any new light on
this question, and that the committee will, there-
fore, bear patiently with him
The so, eat and leading objection in my mind to
the incorpoiatioi of a national bank, is the uncon-
stitutionality of sucha measure Cm Government
is one of hmiiod powers It wo-, in tifut<"d upon
the principle that all poutr is vested m the people ,
that the libei ty of the people is unb jundtd , and the
Government possesses no power e ccept that which
it deiives expressly fiom the people In fus le
spect, oui Giran meat differs from that of all othet
nations of the ear'ri It ístiu" that De Lilme, a
constitutional writer of renown, claims the „ame
peculiarity foi the Government of Gieat Bri'am
Such may have been the design of *he original
founders of the constitulioi or On* m srhly nation ,
}et it is neverlhele s tiie that now all powers arc
exercise 1 by that Government, e\cept those v Inch
are yielded to or claimed by the people And to
this ca ise may b^ aunbuted th" encroachments
which ha e for " Tcs past b en mi'e upon toe lib
erty of the Lagh a sublet As I lie Government
mciea'es in pov ci, in trie si ->ie p cp >""tio i "letie
rights ot the peop e dimm lied, and th° ti ae lea
son for the solirnude w inch the democratic pauy
of this country has evei feh m confining Con^rpss,
in the exercise of its powers, strictly wnhm the
limits prescribed by the constitution, has been with
a view of avoiding lesultsm this country similar
t« those whicn have fallen upon England, and
which will finally lead to ¡he enslavement of the
people.   Nowhere m our constitution is there to be
found any expiess power given to Congress to grant
charters of any kind But the power is claimed
under the dangerous pretence ol its being an im-
plied power in the constitution, which the framers
of that sacred instrument contemplated would have
been exeieised without any express grant of it
Can any one believe for a single moment that had
it been their puipose that such apovvei was to have
been exercised,—fraught as the exe ciseot it would
have been with such serious and important conse-
quences, for good or for evil, to our country, —it
would have been left to mere implication ? The
whole character and spirit of the instrument, as
well as the wisdom of its frameis, foibid any such
belief There are many powers not expressly
given to Congress, which should manifestly be ex-
ercised , but they are of minor consideration, and
the use or even the abuse of them could lead to no
serious results. But the same cannot be said of a
national bank, and, while I am willing to admit
that some good might result from the prudent use
of such a power, yet, on the other hand, there is no
way of estimating the appalling consequences to
every interest in oui country, which might follow
the abuse of it In the Vngmia debates upon the
adoption of the federal constitution, it was remark-
ed, in reference to another subject, by an eminent
statesman and pure patriot, that " lUvas an incon-
trovertible axiom, that when the dangers that may
arise from the abuse are gieaterthan the benefits
that may result from the use, the power ought to be
withheld " Is it unreasonable to suppose that, upon
this principle alone, the power was withheld by the
people from their Government"* Will any one
deny that, whatever ^oodmavgrowoutof a nation-
al bank, the evils which, from an abuse of such an
institution, might result, would fai exceed it i
There is a historical fact, however—which no
one can deny—which proves affirmanvely that no
such power was intended should be exercsed un-
der the Constitution. A proposition was intro-
duced in the convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, to give to Congress the power to grant acts of
incorporation. This proposition was promptly íe-
jected—affordng ample proof that no such power
was desigred by them should b? exercised.
The prohibition of the exerc.se of any such pow-
er by Congress may be gathered also from the ex-
press terms of the Constitution In the e ghth enu-
merated power granted to Congiess, m tne eighth
sfction ot artic'e first of the Conlitution, we find
this language ' Ctnsresj shall 1 ave power to plo-
móte the progress of science and useful ar.s, &c.
by granting exclusive rights to auth rs and inven-
tors," &c. Here is a monopoly granted m posi-
tive terms toa particularly specified class of our
citizens. Now, the irresistible infeience from such
a grant is, that tbP granting of a monopoly to any
other class of cit ases is as clearly mhibi ed as if
express íerms had been employed for such a pur-
pose Foi why pa^ticulaily designate one class of
citutns thus to be benefited, if all hive a right to
t'te same privilege ? If the power was to ha e
b tn uidiirriminate'y exercised I y Congress, why
pr<scribe any bounds at ad to its use? The
object is mimfistly to confine Cojgress, m i s
grants of monopolies, to paiticalar chases; and to
exclude grants fiom all others not thuc part cul ¡rly
spfcified
B« will -ny oü- say that a Bank s not a mono-
poly'! I s vfaole merit consists in its being a mo
nopoly. Without atrh a c larackristic, it coald
not answer t1 e purposes for «h ch it is de igaed
It is a monopo1-, lecau e it confers upon a iew
exr-l^s ve p >vd g s, vjú ch, Aom meir very na-
ture, mi'st be confined to a few. Trio e privileges
arise hor<\ the fact, that a portion orthe cied t a id
the si vere fnty ol 'he Government j confe.rfd,
fcr pa't'eu ar purposes, upon par icuUr ¡inn
dua's, to the escloSiO.i ot oth°r v?h ch fnaok ^
the a to do that which lh"y w ould not o h ' i e
be ab e io do, rid fcr v h'c'i privil g no eq >u?-
Un. uhakver i given to tie publ c It i« a mere
gratun/ conf r ed upon V"> corporator*, of the
rights and pnvi eg— o! lh° whole community. If
th s be not a monopoly, and such a monopoly as
13 c! arly mh bited by the Constitution, I would ask
gen'lemen to refer me to such a one. I would
here incidentally ask, that inasmuch as our Go-
vernment has been instituted (in the language of
the Constitution itself) "to promote ¡he general
welfare," how can Congress claim the power to
legislate lor a few, to the exclusion of the rest? It
is conU&ry to the express letter of the Csnstitt-
(¡on, and to the cp ut of free institutions. All of
us have an equal property in the credit of our Go-
vernment; and to confer a larger portion of it upon
one c'ass of citizens than upon another, without
an eqai/a'ent in return, is to deprive the latter of
that which is as much his property as the land
which he owns and tihs, or the tools which he uses
m his trade.
There is no othet objection to such a monopoly;
and it i=, that the credit of our Government to be
conferred under it,—the property of the people at
large, and a part of our sovereign rights,—will be
enj i}ed by foreigners. The bill from the Senate,
upon match we are now acting, profess to exclude
foreigners from holding stock m the Bank. This
is a m-re ad captandum provision. While it
prohibits foreigners from holding stock directly m
the Bank it permits corpoi-a'ions, the entire stock
of which may be held by foreigner?, to hold stock
in the Bank now about to be chartered. The
stockholders in th<=se corporations, though foreign-
ers, nevertheless participate in ¡hp administration
of this Bank, and derive the benefits arising from
it. And further: hew easy would it be for fo-
reigners to employ American agents to purchase
and hold stock in the Bank? And such will be
the means resorted to, to evade the law. An im-
mense amount of capital in England ¡s at this time
seekmg investment. The usual rate of interest
in England is five per cent. only. Under the pro-
visions of tins bill, by means of the national credit
whiih is to be given to the Bank, the stock is> to
yisld seven per cent and to command a premium
of ten per cent. These facts are predicted, and I
have no doubt that they will turn out as predicted,
as recommendatory of the measure. I lejard
n as one of its greatest objections. British ca-
pita? will seek investment in this institution, in
spite of every means which may be taken to
prevent it. Assarely as water flows downward,
will English money find its way into this Bank.
I are not so much of a demagogue as to oppose
al¡04cHher the introduction of loreign capital into
our country. When legitimately introduced, it
promotes commerce ana the general welfare of
our people. But I am uncompromisingly opposed
to confer upon foreign capitalists, to the exclusion
of our own citi/*ns, any such benefits as they will
enjoy under this charter. Of our national credit,
as \,e!i as of our national honor, Í «hall ever be
ica'ous. It belongs to American citizens; and no
act of mine shall ever tend to deprive them of it.
As mucn as I reprobate monopolies among out
own cit ¿-ns, I much more condemn the creation
of monopolies for the benefit of foreigners. It
seems to me that there ran be no dnüculty in see-
in  that ihe stock of this Bank will be held by fo-
reigners, m spite of every means that may be taken
to prevent it; and yet it is contended that this msti-
tJtton is to regulate th° currency, manage the
affairs of our Governmint, to regulate exchanges,
&c. Are gentipmen ayare of the ex'ent to winch
the e facts wul lead them'! Oui currency, our Go-
vernment, ocr exchange , &c. are to be all under
the contn 1 of foreigners. Cerumly no true-
hear.ed American will submit to aay such state of
things.
To go at length in'o an answer to all the argu-
ments, which ha/e been resorted to f( r the puipose
of 'howmg that il   right to ct srter a Faak is de-
rived frcm an incidental or implied power under
the Consiitu'ion, would be to otcipy too much of
'oar time. These ar^amrnts have rfs'.y been
nswered by o heis, With more ao'Vy man I pos-
s"! . I shili, therefore, r°ier to bu* a 'ew of them.
The power is clnoWb/ sr-m , un^er what has
been called the sweeping clause oí ire Constitution—
the 18 h division of the 8th section of ihe 1st arti-
cle—where all power "whica sha'l te necessary
and proper for carrying into execuaon the forego-
ing powers," is conferred upon Congress. In op-
position to om argument, that the exercise of such
a power is not necessary within the meaning of the
Constitution, it is contended that the same argu-
ment would apply to every agent which may ba
suggested for conducting the fiscal conceras of our

