August, 1841.
27th Con©....1st
■ APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Mason.
country, and that therefore we would be without
such an agent altogether.   All admit that such
an agent is indispensable.   The wisdom of our
country has suggested but three such agents, viz: a
National Bank, the Slate bank system, and the In-
dependent Treasury system.     The friends of a
bank say that oar mode of reasoning would lead
to such a result as this: that, inasmuch as neither
one of the  three means referred to is absolutely ne-
cessary as a Fiscal Agent, because the other two ex-
ist; therefore, for the   same reason, none of them
are absolutely necessary, and, consequently, none
of them constimtisnal.   Such is not our mode of
reasoning.     We must have a Government agent,
and it must be one of the three before indica'ed.
How is the selection to be made? That one is to be
taken which will most effectually answer the ends, for
which it is  to  be used, and which may be freest
from objections. Tfte bank, while it mi$ht be con-
btitulional for  this particular purpose referred to,
in the absence of tne existence of any otVr means
to accomplish the same em's, is neveithelesq for-
bidden by other provmonsof the Constitution al-
ready adverted to.   The Sub-Treasury, more ef-
feitive asa Fiscal Agent, and entirely free from
any   constitutional objections, is,   tbeiefuie,  ¡he
means which we consider necessary and proper with-
in the spirit of the Constitution.   Before this sys-
tem was devised, a bank may have been made
constitutional   under a violent necessity imposed
upon Congress to employ some means for conduct-
ing the affairs of Government; and a bank, being
the only means then known, was theiefore lobe
used.    And, m tbi-> way, ihe establishment of the
bank in  181G may have been made constitutional.
But, sir, the experience and wisdom ol a more en-
lightened time has given birlh to a new iheoiy alto-
gether; and in the Sub-Treasury we find the means
proper   and necessary,  wilhin  the  meaning of ihe
Constitution,  for carrying into execution ihe ex-
press powers which tuve been imposed opon Con-
gress.    To employ a bank now, would be to con-
fine ourselves not to the means nectssary and proper,
but  would be to extend them to those that were
convenient and agreeable.
In regard to the State bank system, I have no-
thing to say. That system can only become con-
stitutional when the other two have been forgotten,
and none other but it can be resorted to as a fusca!
agent.
It has been repeatedly, and with an air of tri-
umph, asked, by what authority do you petiorm
many things manifestly necessary, which have not
been expressly gran ed by the Constitution, if it be
not under an implied power? And for (he same
reason, they ask, why cannot we incorpoiate a
Bank? My answer is, that whenever the exercise
of such powers may by possibility lead to conse-
quences as serious as those to which a Bark may
lead, then they at once become unconstitutional.
Those acts, while they can lead to no harm, are
therefore unobjectionable. In th<s there 13 no ana-
logy whatever to the establishment of a Bank. Tne
very essence of the objection to .1 Bank is the íe-
sul's to which it is capable of leading. A gentle-
man [Mr. Stuart of Virginia] in ihe course of his,
remarks upon this bill, has intimated that ike con-
struction which wc have placed upon this word
necessary might lead to a complete cseck to Ihe ex-
ercis* of any power under the Constitution, and
gave many illustrations, of hi  pos,non. íí I un-
derstood those examples made 1 se oí by the gi n-
fletnan, t^ey hav no r-flionro vha'everto t-.e
quest! 'fi of power, but to t e qn btion oí the
txpeduncy of ihe exer^i-p ot thai ,1.,  ft. A pow.r
iscne tiing, and the expediency of cxevsin* ii is
another. We h .ve po >v<>r under the Cor.stiti.it i" '"
borrow moa'V, to celare svar, &\ bu> "v1. ■(• be
existence ot tne power will admit oí .'J «.VjW, th*
propriety of exeieisirr; it iaay very pr-* <•,'y a i ->>t
of cbrbi. The anoint of tie gemle "<•.<!'. 'if i-
trvnt, th>>!, ?..-< I understand it, nikc> iVr'.j1!
fcbout the propr.e'y of the exerc e of a power, a
doubt abrut ibe cxislecce of the power it eL. Ti>e
reasoning serms to be fallacious
Th3 power to chatter a Biok is also clairred as
an incidental power, under the clause in the Con-
stitution giving Crngre^s the right "lo regnla'e
commerce,"&c, ius a wa'ier ^ great divos **<-
H. of Reps.
ther banks can facilitate, in any way, the accom-
plishment of that object.   The States claim and ex-
eicise the same power, upon the same grounds;
and the friends of a National Bank generally con-
c de the light to thtm.   Those who contend that
the States have the power to incorporate banks,
should not, by any means, contend that ihe Gene-
ral Government has also; for it strikes me that,
while it follows that if the States possess the power,
the General Government does not, it does not ne-
cessarily follow that if ihe States have not that pow-
er,   the   General   Government  has; for, strictly
spesking, I deny that either has ihe power.   The
exercise of such a power can only be claimed for
the General Government, as one of those powers
which cannot be exercised by the   Sta e  Govern-
ments with propriety or success.   The power, if it
exitts, (I speak now of it as a power or means to
regulate commerce, &c ) can only exifit in one Go.
Virnment; for, if such a power has been confeired
by the Constitution on the General Government, it
operates as a limitation of power to the same ex-
tent upou the States.   But it is admitted to exist in
the States, therefore it cannot exist in the General
Government; for I repeat, that it can only be claim-
ed by Ihe Geneial Government as one of those
powers which cannot be exercised by the States;
and if it be claimed by the Stales, the teason for its
exercise by the General Government ceaaes to exist.
May I be peimitted  to refer to some high autho-
rity on this point?    What is the  doe'rine of the
Supreme Court upon this question?   It is "that
the  mere   grant   of a power lo  Congiess does
not   necessarily    imply   a   prohibition   to    the
States to   exeicise the  same authority.    But   if
Congress exercise lis   power, the States   cannot
enter upon ihe same ground, and provide for the
same objee's."   Now, according to this doctrine,
would not the exercise of this power by Congress
depnvs the States of any right which they might
have to the exercise of the same power?   James
Bayard, a commentator of eminence on the Con-
stitution, uses this language with icierence to this
subject.    He says that "the powers of Congress
extend  to all such  domestic regulations as could
not, with propriety,  be made by the individual
Stales."   The   application of this authority will
also exclude the concurrent exercise oí the power
by  the States and General Government.    This
doctrine is clearly recognised al*o by Mr. Crawfoid
—whose authoiny, however, perhaps might  lead
further than I feel willing to admit.   I quote him
only to prove my position, that the power cannot
exist boih in the St-ite and General Governments.
His argument in his speech of January,   itll, is
thi<:   "If ¡he State  Governments are restiained
from exercising this right to incorporáis a Bank, it
would appear, ex necessitate rei, that this right is
vested m the Government of ths United Statas."
The converse of the proposition is of necessity
tiuealso.   Hear Mi. Madison on the same sub-
ject.    In the Virginia convention in 1788, he u"=es
this language in respect to a subject precisely ana-
logous—ihe power oí organizing the militia: "The
power must be vested in Congress or in the State
Governments, or there must be a division.   He is
against division; it n a political mounter."   So
much for this branch of the subpet.
U; onthe.uhj ctof ihe constitutionality of & Bulk,
;eatlcu«i h-tte ích-d chiefly upon precedent, and
the op nions of cthei-., to susta.n ihem. While
I l'csrcet, ir, ¡he onm ons of th e who have been
letotrcJ to, I r-opect cqra'ly tne op.uio' s and  r-
"Ujin is of ihooe who inve at a 1 times t;
i-ro '". 1 .".' .wis c
ii en, it «scei ■> to f-.~
Vj>,
a 1 times taken
a measure. In this relict,
h-' the «ti '..t ol a'jtlsori'v, ;f
r ¡. vcr, is certain!} iqttal. Mr.
cs-iciui oy aiip.o^t'v<.; «eitle-
'p Ke-\ ju 'avot <i tii" bil1, as
11 titu loiii'iy, b cau c, t r. 010,
di jrrovilii.ii t'r it-" pu'ji? i.ncni
il tne i.i'rs oí tin' Ei'lr; ? 1 o
-'" as'tcd,   would Mr. Jf fierro. 
■i b • nit in 01
JfiTei on,a" hvs
men thnl hrs je,
, ptbcri'y ot it,r
1 e >ancuOne1p i
( ' v'O.UltLUirl'flo
quísüon is et.iv<y
haxc _arc icn'd a kw punching an  on
v.-'idun of <m uncowlVutionaOn  1    Í ayn
id at the ¡wprriance which gonum. 1  1
this act.   Among the many objects vn.th are pro-
posed ¡0 bo accomplished bv punishm; osimina! of-
ioncu-j 0."? of the chwt ends 'tus. w be ihesúí-
ío) !be
lash to
rection or preservation of the public morals. With
me, it seems to make no difference whatever, so
far as the morality of the act is concerned, whether
the notes counterfeited were of a constitutional or
unconstitutional institution.  It was the immorality
or dishonesty ef the act which was aimed at by the
law which Mr. Jefferson signed.   Mr. Madison is
referred to, also, as authority, by the friends of the
bill.   Although ever before opposed to such an
institution, yet in 1816 he signed the bill incorpo-
rating a National Bank.    The circumstances of
our country then, and now, are totally different.
We had j ust then emerged from a war with Eng-
land—with our commerce depressed, our currency
deranged, and our State banks in a state of utter
confusion.   A National Bank was regarded as the
panacea for all ills; constitutional objections were
obliged to be yielded to public necessity; every dif-
ficulty gave way to the demands of the country
for that relief which wai supposed would flow from
the establishment of a   Bank.    All those argu-
ments eease now to exist.   Experience has shown
us that no such results as were anticipated did fol-
low the establishment of the Bank.   By a refe-
lence  to Niles's Register from  1819 up to 1825,
you will find, though the Bank had been in exis-
tence for   several   years,   that  nevertheless the
State hanks, during that whole time, continued in
a condition of deplorable derangement and insol-
vency.   They were only restored to health and
vigor by lapso of time, and a prudent management
of their own concerns. If a National Bank failed to
regulate State banks then, how is it possible for it
to do so now, when their number is ten times as
great as it was then?   If it failed then to equalize
the exchanges between the States, or to regulate
the currency, how is it possible to do so now? The
grounds, therefore, upon which the Constitution
was infracted m 1816 by the establishment of a
Bank, cease now to exist; and it follows, as a ne-
cessary consequence, that that precedent should
have no weight at present, thought it may have
been the act of the greatest and purest men of that
day.
It is raid that the Supreme Court has decided the
question. This branch of the subject has been so
ably discusred by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. McClellan] that it would be supererogation
m me to go over the same ground. The court did
not decide the cardinal question in the case of the
State of Maryland vs. McCullcch—that Congress
had the power to incorporate a Bank; but it decided
merely that, in the exercise of the power to create a
fiscal agent of the Government, Congress had power
to locate branches of a National Bank, as such
fiscal a°enl, in any State it might be deemed pro-
per. But no wheie is it intimated that a National
Bank is such a fiscal agent as is contemplated by
the Constitution shall be employed by Congress.
And, in my humble judgment, for the court to have
decided any such question, would have been to
transcend the powers conferred upon it by the Con-
stitution. Among the enumerated duties im-
posed upon this court, there is nowhere to be
found any one authorizing an interference with
the free exercife by Congress of its consti-
tutional functions. And further, sir, I would
add, that wh'ie I have the highest venera-
tion for the ability and purity of the late Chief
Juotice of the United Slates, yet I should be unwil-
ling that upon ihis question his opinions should go-
vern my judf meni; for thi plain reason, that his
pujutii '-. his paitiahlieo, bis interes's, and his
mic. urn, ail cuatributed lo the formation of an
cpmum t*h c'i shou'd be entirely free from ihe bias
of c 1 •;.-). Upo'i qafsiiows diff-rei tly circum-
sai.ceo, I 'sijIJ ?i/. its much weight to the au-
tK 1 y 01 hi, c pu .0 1 a   „i'y ¡,a t cm.\n would.
i'n t 111 y fir t b- cdon oí lists bill i. obviously
u-.ovi. titUioia!. It prevent  any future Congress
1 ( m ci. n ' rtrtt*. a Baik during ihe existence of the
t entone. If Congress canebArt-u a Bank to-
d v, itciriainly can to-motlow, if ihe public con-
venipt ce i' juire it.
How can one Congress deprive another of any
of its cjostuutiontl poweis? To ¿.('nut any such
doctrme, v.ould be to invest Congrets with sove-
leignty. I am aware ¡hst srch a doctrine has been
sustained by Mr. "Wflb.-ti"). v v\ opinio  which Í53
