íuly, 1841._________                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOS
%7tA C0NG""lST Sess.
the earniBgs of youth and manhood have been
swallowed up in the vortex of fraudulent specula-
tion. At any time of life, to be deprived of fortune
and its blessings, is distressing; but in old age it is
doubly so. When the shades of the evening of life
are gathering around us—when we are admonished
that we are walking upon the silent solemn shore
of eternity—at such a time, we are poorly able
to bear up against the loss of fortune and
friends, or to be satisfied with the cold cha-
rities of a heartless world. And is this im-
probable? It is almost the inevitable result of
the banking system. At some time or another
disasters befal almost all such institutions; and those
disasters generally fall upon the helpless and the
aged. Beheld the countless numbers of widows
and orphans who have been plunged into absolute
want, from a state of ease and comfort, by the
mismanagement and failure of the Bank of the
United States of Pennsylvania. Upon that sea cf
speculation, how many fortunes have been wreck-
ed—ay, how many soals, freighted with intelli-
gence and immortality, have been toil!
And strange to say, with the experience of every
day before us, Bank stock is generally selee'ed for
the investment of the widow's pittance and the
orphan's inheritance; and hence it is that the
mournful results of bank failures generally fall upon
that helpless and unofféading class. And when
those evils do come upon them, a strange infatua-
tion directs their denunciations, not at the real au-
thors of their misfortunes, and perhaps of their dis-
grace—the banks and their directors; but it is di-
rected at the political party who have warned them,
time after time, against the consequences over
which they are lamenting. Go to the victims of
bank misrule, and you will find them, m tears and
despair, visiting their curses for the loss of cha-
racter, fortune, and friends, not upon the heads of
the real au'.hors of their wo, but the innocent head
of Democracy is made to bear their impiecatiocs.
And, heedlefs of the experience of ths past, they
rush on in their wild career of speculation, drink-
ing poison from the same noxious source.
In conclusion, I have a word or two to say upon
the question of repeal. Sir, I do not doubt for a
moment the power of Congress to repeal at pleasure
this charter, if it should pass into a law. I am no
leveller, no agrarian—God forbid that! should
be. But this Bank is chartered, as it is alleged, be-
cause the public good requires it. Then, Whenever
the public good requires its repeal, ought we not to
have the power to repeal it? This Baak is to be
incorporated as the best Fiscal Sgait that can be
devised for the Government. Suppose another
and a better one should be discovered; would we
be prevented from employing it? Suppo;e the
voice of the nation were to demand a change:
would we be unable, by this act, to respond to the
call? We are called here to legislate for the pub-
lic good; and to do that, we pass this bill. A fu-
ture Congress assembles for the same purpose; yet,
if they should think that the public good requires
the repeal of this law, they would not be able to do
ii! But it is answered, that private rights will vest
under this law, and vested rights are sacred. Í
admit the position. And if tais law should ever
be repealed, it could only be done, with pr.>pi tety
and constitutionality, by providing trie most ample
indemnity to the stockholders, lei them be citizens
or foreigners. Our Constitution provides that
"private property shall not be tak.-n for public ue,
without juu compensation." Well, tir, ih". only
construction that can be placed upon this c'ause
is, that private properly may be token for public vse,
with ja:i compensation. Just a-; the laud cf the
farmer ii condemned to the use of railro-vU w
canals, so can the stock of a bar.k stockholder b¿
condemned when the public good req'v.re;- it, upon
allowing a just compensation for i1. At Ham. Ui.'-re-
fore, clearly of the opinion, that whenever the ¡rub-
be good shall require ir, we should rep'itl this la '.
I might pursue this subject further, had 1 the time.
The doctrine of the right of repeal, so far ns it re-
lates to a public institution, is clearly recognised
by the Supreme Court, in more cases than one; acd
this, being an institution of that character, comes
within the meaning of the court. Therefore, ac-
eordimg *o the spiíu <.>f the Constitution, the an-
Revenue Bill—Mr. Ward.
thority of the Supreme Ceurt, and common sense,
this charter may be repealed.                                .
SPEECffoF MR. WARD,
OP NEW YORK.
In the House of Representatives, July 26, 1841.—On
the Revenue bill.
Mr. WARD of New York rose and said he had
not the slightest expectation, when he came to the
House this morning, of participating in the de-
bate on the subject now under consideration. He
had made up bis mind to listen to the remarks of
others, and content himself with a silent vote
against the bill. Bat, when the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Halsted] brought such sweep-
ing charges of wasteful extravagance against
the late administration, he (Mr. W.) felt that, as a
representative of the native State of the late Pre-
sident, Martin Van Buren, he could no longer re-
main silent. He would do injustice to his own
feelings if ho did not make some reply to these
unfounded, and, as it seemed to him, gratuitous
denunciation .
He entertained the hope, however, that the hono-
rable get tleman in drawing so strong a contrast
between the economy of the administration of the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams] and what he assumed as the extravagance
of the late administration, was actuated by no un-
kind feeling, but by the very common motive of
making political capital, for party purposes. But,
even in this point of view, the remarks appeared
to him (Mr. W.) as unnecessary and premature;
for it was now too early to commence a political
campaign; and when the time for another contest
should draw near, the weapons now used might be
out of date; and in the ranks of the gentleman's
friends there might be such changes as to render
their use more dangerous to those who wielded
them than to those against whom they were di-
rected. The late battle was fought, in part, upon
the question of economy; but so Utile did the
party now in the ascendency regard their pledges
and promises in this respect, that in the next con-
test they could have nothing to say on that
subject.
The speeches, too, which might be made for
political effect at this time, would be foigotten
long before the next campaign commenced, and,
by that time, new questions will have arissn to oc-
cupy public attention, and form the subject of po-
litical contention. Until that time should arrive,
he (Mr. W.) hoped that mere party discussions
would be avoided.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsted]
had stated, in substance, that the agaresate ex-
penses of the Government under Mr. J. CI. Adams'.i
administration did not exceed thirteen millions an-
nually, while the expenses under the late administra-
tion had exceeded thirty-seven millions a year. He
(Mr. W.) admitted ¡hat the ordinary expenses of
the Government under Mr. Adams's administra-
tion might not have exceeded thirteen millions; but
it was proper that it should bs undei.~>tood that the
ordinary expenditures of the Government em-
braced only the civil list, the army, and the navy.
Under the eivJ list were included the exponas of
the executive, the legislative, and the juoiciary de-
partmeits; the diplomatic service; the Ttrritonal
Govern ucnts, and the Post Office. The expenses
of the army and navy embraced the pay and sub-
sistence of officers ?.nd men, quarters, clo'hmg,
stoics, &c. These expense? under Mr. Adams's
administration mcy not have exceeded thirteen
m.l.i'Us; but be (Mr. W.) averred that the ordi-
nary ar.d extraordinary expends >f ths Govern-
ment at 'hst ¡ime exceeded uvenly-f- m initl^cs- a
year. He also said thii ¡u? aágr\.g'ito arucuat of
expenses, bc'h ordicíiv and rxtrai riinrri, fr.m
the close cf M". Monroe's Admi"i:£iraiicii,ia M iirr_h,
1?25. to i hi cix." oe Ut. Vjii Bar.-nV admi .¡s ra-
tio i, ¡a Ma;ch, 1311, varied from :!.hty-(-r.e •:•
thirty-'even millions a yeas.
I*ut the gentleman says that there hi? breo ?.
wasteful and profligate expenditure uf public fuaJá
under the late Administration How stands the
tact? Examining the matter with candor and de-
liberation, it mi:?! appear to the satisfaction cf
every unprejudiced wiad lh-?t the -.'harse is tc-
_____________________H. of Reps.
tirely without foundation. It is true, as the gen-
tleman has said, that the aggregate of ordinary
and extraordinary expenses in 1839 amounted to
thirty-seven million one hundred and twenty-nine
thousand dollars. But it is eqaally true that this
aggregate embraces the large and extraordinary
item of $ll,146,000,-paid for the redemption of
Treasury notes, which were issued for the pur-
pose of supplying means for the current expense's
of the Government during the 'general |SUspension
of the banks in 1837. These banks were em-
ployed and trusted as the depositories of the Go.
vernment funds, and they closed their vaults with
all the revenne from the lands and custsms in
their possession. The Government was near com-
ing to a full stop for want of supplies. The irre-
deemable and inconvertible paper of the banks
could not be used by the Government in payment
of its debts. Every one will demand, as by law
and the Constitution he is entitled to demand, from
the Governmen , payment in gold and silver, or
its equivalent. The Government, with ample re-
sources in the deposite banks, and on deposite with
the Sates, was obliged to resort to its own credit,
by the issue of Treasury notes, for the means of
carrying on its operations. Bat, certainly, this
temporary supply, intended only to anticipate the
payment of the debts due to the Government by
the deposite banks, is not to be charged as an item
of expense upon the late Administration. Deduct-
ing the amount of this extraordinary item from the
aggregate expenditure of the year 1839, the sum
left will be but little more than twenty-five mil-
lions Thus, the aggregate expenses of the year
1839 amounted, in fact, to about the same sum
with the aggregate yearly expenses of Mr. J. &.
Adams's administration.
Mr. W. would alio call the attention of the com-
mittee to some other items in the aggregate amount
of expenses charged against this Administration.
One was the sum of $240,697 paid to the Chicka-
saw Indians, which was held in trust by the Go-
vernment for them, and was derived from the
sale of their lands; and another was the sum
of $717,557 received from foreign Governments
in payment cf claims for spoliations, and
repaid to the claimants. Now, he trust-
ed that items of this kind were not to be
used in swelling the amount of the expendi-
tures charged against the late Administration.
Toey certainly could not furnish a just basis for
the denunciation of waste and profligacy that we
had heard. The Administration, on the other
hand, would have been deservedly censurable, had
they undertaken to retain these moneys in the
Treasury. A further item in the expenses of the
late Administration, was the sum of $91,999, for
the coast survey. Not , Mr. Chairman,* said
Mr. W. you, I am sure, will not charge this item
upon the late Administration, with whom it did not
originate, though both you and I, had we been
here when the law author-zing this expense was
passed, might have voted against it. Both you
and myself have, at this session, raised oar voices
against the expediency of this expenditure.
There was also an item of §1,748,000 expended
upon public buildings, some of which were erect-
ed, or are now being erected, under our own eyes,
in 'his city, such as the Treasury building, the
Patent Office, and the Post Office, and others, of
which were custom-houses, built in the large com-
mercial cities (or the permanent accommodation of
toe revenui department of the Government. None,
be pre:umcd, would object to this expenditure, for
we must have pioprr accommodations for tha con-
venient despatch of the public business in all the
d.if.'.v:it branches of the public setvice; and it was
;, rrooer and true economy, in constructing these
ed.f.cr.i-, to hfcve sojte regard to their durability.
ana to lie extent of the public business, not only
at ¡h? present time, but in the times which are to
c in ■ m the course of our rapid career and fast
i8t!t.i sing population.
The n-xt items of the extraordinary expenses to
which he would direct the attention of the com-
mittee, and which had served to swell the aggre-
gate of  the expenditures which   were  deemed
•Mr, Cushinái
