S04_________________________
27th Com.......1st Sess.
so extravagant by the gentleman from New
Jersey, were as follows: the sum of $735,570
for fortifications; §474,906 for arming the
militia; $714,000 for collecting materials for
the gradual inorease of the navy, and $560,000
for the exploring expedition to the South Seas
Yet the gentlemen, while he complains that these
sums were expended—'and while he insists that the
aggregate, of which they form so important a part,
is extravagant and excessive—also complaints that"
the Administration did nothing for the navy and
army, and left the country in a defenceless con-
dition. The two accusations were inconsistent
with each, other. Certainly the Administration
cannot be charged with profusion and parsimony
in the same breath. But all these expenditures
were both proper and consistent with a just and
enlightened economy. Some of them—particu-
larly the appropriations for the increase of the na-
vavy—Mr. W. would have been glad to see
larger, rather than smaller, though it might leave
a less sum for distribution among the States, which
seemed to be one of the paramount objects of the
policy of the party now m power. The collection
of materials for naval construction and equipment
was forcibly recommended to us by the considera-
tion that raw and green materials were unfit
for ship-building, and had been experienced m
the British navy, greatly to the coot of that Go-
vernment.
The gradual arming of the militia was corned
in pursuance of a wise policy, which had its or'gtn
many years back.
As to the expediency of expending money in build-
ing, completing, or repairing, and armirg fortifi-
caüens, the present House of Representatives,
by a large majority, had just decided that these
works should not be abandoned.
In respect to the item for the exploring expedí-
an, Mr. W. said it must be recoliectea that it
originated, not with the Executive, but with Con-
gress. An act authorizing a much larger and
more expensive expedition than the one that í as
sent out, passed both Houses of Cong-e^s. An ex-
pedition on the scale which Congress approved
and desired would have led to a much larger ex
penditure of public money. The President and
his cabinet were of opinion that the proposed ex-
pedition was on too great and expensive a scale,
and that the class of vessels proposed to be employ-
ed in it was too large for efficiency, and Congress
yielded to this opinion, and consented, very reluc-
tantly, to the adoption of the more economical
plan of the Administration A similar expedition
had been authorized and recommended by Mr
Adams's administration, and a law authorizing it
passed (he House of Repnsantative*, (a majAnty
of which censisted at that time of friends of the
Administration,) but failed in ihc Senate. Under
these circumstances, the gentleman from New
Jersey could not justly impute any extravagance
and wanton profusion to the late Admunstiation,
on account of this measure, and Mr. W. hoped
and believed that the results of the expedition
would be so honorable to the counliy, and useful
to the cause of science, as to deprive the gentleman
of any regret at the expenditure which it nad in-
volved.
Tne next great item of extraordinary exo r e
incurred by ihe late adrij.ustiati n, was in the re-
movslofthe Indian trbfs io their new horrid
west of the Mississippi Tins amountt 1 to iV
sum of $1,777914 The amount p.<id to th la
diant, for lands piirchi edofthc n rncer ttcan i> ^
$429,927 The trim \* of the p-esf nt Adrnini tr„-
tion should be the last lo coi.ipiaio of the e expen-
ditures, because, i' tie InJiPa U ¡es fad n   b en
extinguished ar-d tb<s indi r-, m-io/td, theft i
le-ource t r rev aue fmn sVd by li-t e hrd 
wouid not now ben t^w coix-ia1, d Ever, dm
lar of these expendí'lie  'out! boo™ uo e ihan
five dollars into in T,e.si.ry, in c ¡ceN^f
tne sales of tbe lanu-.. isldi 1 s^ >>-i>. d l\ y to 1-
piaiti when they cu! sidei ti at ihe r favuil l.c-
sore of distributing tht e p roce ds wul be <-o am i
aided by tbeje requisitions As to the policy cf
the remo «I of the Indian*, Mr W. ^x 1 it va?
ConyKiu wise, human , arid ntcecsarj, ot vue
BÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL i
Revenue Bill—Mr. Ward.________
it otherwise, it did not originate with  the late Ad-
ministration.
* There was als  expended, m the year 1839, the
sum of $3,039,764 for pensions. The greater por-
tion of this sum was paid to the remnant of the
officers and soldiers of the Revolution—now a
small band, and which becomes more and more
endeased to the country as their number decreases
with the lapse of time They aie slowly march-
ing to join thoir companions in arms who have
gone befoie Ihem. To these relics of the patriot
armies who achieved our liberties and independence,
and by virtue of whose toils, and sacrifices, and
blood, we have the privilege of deliberating h/re
as the representatives of a free, powerful, and
united people, it has bpen the policy of the Go-
vernment to afford some little assistance in their
decline of life. It was not given to them, nor
claimed by them, as a gratuity, but as justly due
for their public services. But had it been a gratui-
ty, who would hesitate to give fiom our abundince
a small pittance to those to whom we owe all we
have, all that we enjoy—even the lights of "ufe,
liberty, acd the pursuit of happiness1" Would any
here say lhat the late Administraron, and those
who supported it, ought to have abolished the
pension system, and withheld from the Revolu-
tionary soldiers, who are so fast disappearing from
among us, ai.d nearly all of whom had reached the
age of four«core, the bounty which ihe nation bad,
as with one vo.ee, decreed to them? No, sir, said
Mr. W. there is not one.
There were maSy other items of a character alike
extraordinary and unavoidable, which formed a
part of the aggregate expenditure's of the late Ad-
ministration, and he might easily bring them in ar-
ray befoie the committee, but he had no wish to
detain them longer on this matter He would,
however, remark, before he dismissed this branch
of his subj ct, that if all these extraordinary and
necessary expenses which were incurred by the late
Adrmmstralioa weie added to the expenses of the
Florida war, the a«giegate thus made and deduct-
ed fiom the whole sum, charged against them,
would reduce the amount oí the expenditures of
Mr. Van Buren's administration evsn lower than
that of Mr. Adams's administration.
In relation to the subject of the Florida war,
vih ch has caused such a draw upon the Treasury,
it was proper to observe, that there are now very
few who are disced to cast any íeproaches upon
the late Administration on qccount of its protract
ed duration and great expense. The obstacles to
the speedy conclusion of that war are now well
understood, and^wore of a character that no mili-
tary courage nor conduct could overcome To
blame the Administration for dtlay m bnnging it
to a coni.lu-.ion, would be to cast reproaches on the
gallara officers and sc Idlers of our sm all army, who
freely and fearlessly exposed themselves, not only
to the dangers of savage watfare, but to ihe perils
ot a pestilent climate, and woo cheerfully yielded
up their lives in that contest, ¡n obedience to the
call of their country.
But not only had the charge of wasteful extra-
vagance been brought agam<-t Mr Van Buren's
Administration, b'lt it had also been alleged that he
made use of the pabfic funds to promote his re-
cleotK n to tne Pre n eiey How ought thi„ charge
lo be con i lertd hj all 1 ononb'e and upright üien'í
TI w O «I it eou>i t «ih h° f-ct, ha  „t a moment
\ v en publ c .-."prel "a ' jri was ixc ted bv the pro -
p<""t ci a war beiwien this ccuptr/ ait-S Great B i-
la i, C i f res-., oy an «n lost u á im„u n,e,c .-
h oiied -> ecsr eof colli ace in h s prud i-ce and
intent it/, i huh tie j alojsy cf reoablicín m
rart!> impose vtn in iuU is oí j>, ¡«j tree cho ce?
Bota pa i.e th-n  n ted i > vo i g to rlace at the
comraiid if the Picsi ert the am of ten rm'l'uns
< fdo Ur ,a a to a t or ze t ija to iaise fifty thou
-.and vi/iunfxrs, to " cet the emer °ocy Was it
ret t' a. hi his j o ir to raise tne monev, a"d dis-
po e of it at i is i wi ci c- i or? Was it lo> in
hi povei lo i se r lar"? armj, ard lo s i<-ng*hen
h s chances fir re elf c .on by „n immense in-
crease cf h's patnn.gt? Could he ro% by the
employment of mese means, have rained arourd
him ard richly rewarded a sjreat number of political
fi'eiJsl   Bm-.bat was the wurve hi took'   He
iOBB.____                   July,Jg41.
___________________   H. of Reps.
made ho use of the power thus reposed in him. Vt
the next session of Congress he informed that
body that he had no occas'on to raise the volun-
teers, nor to expend the money, or any portion
of it. These facts ought (as it seemed to Mr.
W ) to put to silence the traducers ot the late
President. No one could call m question the
integrity of his conduct, nor impugn the purity
of his purposes, however they might differ from
him in political opinion. Tne only charge that
could be sustained against htm was, that he was
a sterling republican; and lhat while m office, and
throughout the whole cf his distinguished career,
he had sustained the principles of Jeffersoman
Democracy. He was inflexibly opposed to the
creation of a national debt m time of peace,
his objections to a National Bank were settled and
insuperab'e; and cf the rights and the domes ic
tranquillity of Ihe States he was the vigilant guar-
dian. He was the advocate of rigid official ac-
countability, and of an economical administration
of the Government, and the opponent of schemes
for distributing the nptional revenues among the
States, aud thereby creating the necessity for an
oppressive system of taxation. He administered
the Government acceding to the free spirit in
which it was formed, and, placing himself on the
ramparts of the Conititution, he guaided the
democracy of numbers from the encroachments of
the aristocracy of wealth, and sternly opposed
himself to all those schemes which cunning and
cupidity have, m all ages, devised for enslaving
the people—for rendering the many tributary to
the few In his retirement into private life, he
will have the proud consolation to reflect, that,
though defeated in his election, be had yet lost
nothing of popular confidence and attachment,
and that he actually received the votes of more
than a million of freemen, the greatest number
ever before í iven any Democratic candidate. The
Democratic party, (said Mr. W.) though defeated,
is neither overthrown nor dispirited. In the next
contest they are confident of triumph; for their
principles can never be set aside, bat must flourish
and extend while ihc ballot box is left free to sus-
taia ihem. Mr W. said he owed an apology to
the House for detaining then upon these incidental
points, and he would now proceed to submit a few
remarks upon the bill under consideration.
1 nis bems an exira session of the Congress of
the United States, convened by the proclamation
of the late President for the consideration of grave
and weighty matters, chiefly connected with the
currency and finances of the country, it became
us to look to the communications made to us
from the Executivp Department for a statement
of the measures which were to be brought befoie
u< While he was as much opposed as any one
could be to Executive interference in the legisla-
tion of the country, and more especially in respect
to matters of this sort, which it was the particular
province ot tms branch of the Legislature to ori-
ginate and act upon, he would yet, on so extraor-
dinary an occasion as this, pay great respect to the
recommendations of the Chief Magistrate. He
would now ask whether the measure before the
Hocue had beei recommended by the President?
He ansiv e-ed, oo ' The President not only omit-
ted to reiornnerd it, but he positively discoun'e-
narcd it. He jaj«, mbis> message, that "mor-
der to supply th.. wants of the Government, an m-
tel'igent con-xitrency, in vie*y of mcir best írte-
rest , v iH w'thout be-.i anon,'submit to alt neces-
sary burdu5^. Eut it is i e/trthu'ess irri>oriant so
to íiíiposp th in as to avem ox felting the just ex-
pec a i ns if the couti'ry, growing out of pre exist-
ltg bw Toe act of ail Maah, lbJ3, commonly'
cal ed tho 'cjmrroinse act,' hoald not be al-
teied, eteept under urgent recesantes, which are
not be' eved at th t me to exM. Oí e jear only
remains to complete t> e ser cs of reductions pn-
vwtd for by t idt 'a/, a wirh tine provisions
nirf'e hy me saipe lav, an j wh ch men will be
brought PCveli n, aid of the manuf. otupng mte-
leus of the Union, will not fail to produce tne most
be  efi a! ..salt-, Un ler a sj sieiri of di>eriminat-
H g d itieo imposed for puipo^es of revenue, in
unison 'y m the provision-? of exis'«ng laws, it is
to be hored taaf our pohcy willj a the future, be
