July, 184 f
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JH
27th Cono.......1st Sess._____________________Revenue Bill—Mr. Ward._______   -    .___________________  H. of JE^fa/
fixed and permanent, so as to avoid those constant
fluctuations  which  defeat the very objects they
have in view.   We shall thus ben maintain a po-
sition which, while it will enable us the more rea-
dily to meet the advances of other countries calcu-
lated to promote our trade and commerce,  will at
the same time leave in our own hands the means
of retaliating with greater effect unjust regulations."
This of itself ought to be tegarded as a  strong
reason for delaying action on the   subject now
brought forward.   The President, whose duty it
■was to "give to Congress information of th- state
of the Union, ar.d recommend to their considera-
tion such measures a ,   he shall judge necessary
and expedient," ha-!, in the discharge of this duty,
given us his view-; and Mr. W. submitted whether
th: y ought not to be respectad—at least so tar as to
deter any action on   ¡his intricate and difficult sub-
ject «ill t! e -egtslar season.    It was much to be re-
gretted (Mr. W. Mid) that the tariff laws  should
become the subject of such frequent agitation in
Congress.   Tne repea'ed changes in these laws
were pr< ductive of as much mischief to ihe manu-
facturing as   to  the   com-J.ercal   interests  of the
country.   The act of 1324 gave general ¡«atisfsc-
tion,an><, under it.  the  country  was  rapidly ad-
vancing in wealth and  ge-ieral   prosperity.    No
cjinplaint a«ain>t it  was  heird, except  from the
wooil'n   manufac urers,   wh'i   demanded further
protection anain.-t foreign coiripeiitrn.    fn 1827
they pre ented a pen ion  to Congress, setting forth
that frauds had   teen practised on  the  revenue;
that broadelo'hs cf  the  best quality   were sent to
lhis country in  an unfinished   stale, and paid the
duties which were imposed on clo hs of an inferior
quality; and, after the  duties   had been paid on
saehcloths, they were finished in this country by
their own operatives, sent out here  for  that pur-
pose, and then sold   a1 the price of  the best and
finest broadcloths.   The manufacturers prayed lhat
the law might   be  so   amended a?   to insure the
more faithful collection of the rates of dutiél im-
posed by the law of 1824; and they asked for no
more.   Congress adjourned without passing any
act on the subject.    While  the bill was pending
before Congress,  meetings were held throughout
the country, recommending a general convention to
be h<ld at Harrisburg, in Pennsylvania, in the year
1827.    At that time the animated contest for the
Piesidency, between Mr. Adams and Gen. Jack-
son, occupied public attention; and the excitement
of politics became connected with ihe tariff ques-
tion.   The convention took a political character
and tone; and it had for its object not only the pto-
teciion ot the manufacturing interest, but the con-
tinuation of   the trim   Administration.    Mr. W.
would not say that  ihis conven'i >n was called in
pursuance oí an order from the friends of the Ad
ministration then in powc.; bat be would say that
the order came fiom high authority, and may have
emanated from this city.    The convention m*t in
pursuance of ibes.  recommendations oí  Ihe meet-
ings held thronshout the  country, took the subjec'
under consideration, and memorialized C mgress in
favor of an entire  new  tariff.    At   the session  of
1827-8,   this   project,  ihus   reciramended,   was
brought bclors Congress.    Mr, W. had then, he
said, the honor of a seat here, and h  was proud
to say that he toted 3 ir.si it; bat ihe measure, a!'-
t.'r a warm contest, prevailed.   This odious act—
wei; caí!, d at tl.e time the "Mil of abominations"
—passed this Hou.-'* by  the ominous  majority of
eight votes; the same majority by which the House,
at this session, have passed  the land  bill—another
hasty and i!l-advi°cd measure, which was destined
in hice manner to  public condemnation.    He well
remembered, he said,  the semaion  produced  in
this body by the annunciation oí  the final vote on
the passage of the bill.    There was the stillness of
death in the Hall while the Clerk was reading the
yeas and nays; and when the Chair pronounced
that the bill had   passed, the   deepest excitement
prevailed here.     He   well   reco'lected   that,  on
this occasion, a Representative  from the South,
who was justly esteemed for moderation and dig-
nity of character, as well as for intelligence, rose,
under great excitement, from his seat, and declared
in an undertone, though loud enough to be heard
by many around him, that this oppression was too
much to bear, and that he was prepared   to advo-
cate secession rather than submit to it.   What fol-
lowed m South Carolina and elsewhere, in conse-
quence of the passage of this odious law, forms a
part of the history of the countiy.   It was deemed
oppressive, and an abuse of the powers of Gove-i n-
ment, i>nd ihe people were every shere resolved on
its repeal or modification.   It was not only op-
pressive and odious  to the people at large, but it
was soon found to be injurious to the   very   inte
rests which it was designed to benefit.   By induc-
ing jarge investments  or capital, and creating an
undue competition in several branch?sof manufac-
tures, it had the   effect   to   embarrass and break
down many establishments ¡hat vne previously in
a thriving condition.    So loud were the complaints
of the country against this act, tha'it soon under-
went a revision. The act of the 14h of July; 1832
was passed, to taire effect on the 31 day of March,
1833; still, thr complaints  against  lhe--e ac'.«, rtr.d
tiie whole system of protection on watch th°y were
founded, were continued.    The people cmpl inrd
of  the heavy  taxation   t   whtch  they were   sub-
jected by   the system; a   laxa'ion   which,   lh.iug'i
indirect, was  felt to be as burdensome as if levied
directly on lands and tenements and productive in.
dustry.    O.ie ef ihe injurious < fleets of the system
was to  accumu'a'e   mass-"a   of sniplus   re ver. u ■
in Ihe Treasury; and it GnaUy l>'d to the   oj-ti!bu-
tion of  the surplus   revenue  among  the State—a
messuie to which tie  (Mr. W ) wa- opp. sed, and
whrch he had no rearet in saying he voted against;
for, as he anticipated at th  time, it h-"d be-n of'i'-
tle servic" to the States, and bad taught then to rely
upon the T.easmy of th> General Government for
a revenue adequate to th" mou lavish expenditures.
The ill consequences of that first measure of distri-
bution we were about to see exemplified in cur le-
gislation at this session.    It was an entering wedge
to a system of distribution and perhar.s even of di-
rect assumption.   This Iiouie had carried out this
objectionable policy at the present session, by pac-
ing the bill for distributing the prcc>eds of the sales
of the public lands; and he feared that it would be-
come a law.   And here he would remark, in pass-
ing, lhat whatever arguments m;ght be urged in
favor of the right of Congress to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the lands ceded by the Stales, they did not
apply to the larger portion of the lands, which were
acquired by purchase from France and Spain.
The public mind being still unsettled as to this
sttbj?ct, and general dissatisfaction prevailing in
'he country in regard to the existing tariff, Mr.
Verplanck, at the ses«inn of 1832-'33, brought for-
ward hi* bill for Us moliScation. The ¡•ubjsct a'- '
traced universal attention, and the public mind
wat deeply agitated bv the various co-si.'era ions
connected wi'h tt. The happy result of the delibe-
rations of the session was the passage, of the act
of March 3, 1833, to modify ihe several acts im-
posing dulses on imports, commonly called "the
coaipromii  act." Mr. W. would now give some
fads in tefe-ronce to the history of this act, nhieh
would, he h"ped, independently of the considera-
tions which ho bv-fore presented, ren ler it apparent
to the committee that it ouehi not to be d'sturbed at
the present time. He would beab'etosho-v that the
faith of the Government waspledeed, in the most
so'emn manner, lhat it should not be disturb.d be-
fore the 13th Jane, 1842. While Mr. Verptonck's
bill was under consideration, (a bill which occup-ed
nearly the whole session,) much was sai i, in and
out of the House, as to the improbability ofi's pas-
sage, even wrh the amendment offered by Me.
Campbell P White. The object of Mr. Veplanck's
bill, and also of the amendment brought forward
by Mr. White, was to modifiy the exiting tariff,
so as to reconcile the people generally to its con-
tinuance. But the temper of the House on the
subject appeared to b-i so unfavorable to any es-
sential relaxation of the system, that it was r.onsi-
dered almost certain that nothing would be done.
The manufacturers themselves became un"p,sy at
the prospect of the continued agitation of the sub-
ject; and they saw that the opposition to the sys-
tem msst ultimately prevail, and perhaps over-
throw it entirely. They were anxious to settle the
question—to have something stable upon which
they could rely,   The manufacturing interest was
lepresented here by a number of .intelligeaL^a
respectable individuals from different parts óf t§jé
countiy.    ft was under thes* circujraáá^eé {|ál
one oí ihese gentlemen (Mr. John   whjpjue, of
Providence, Rhode Island) was appointed, o.n .the
part of those who represented tbe, manufacittrttig
ínteres s here, to draw up a proposition, as an
amendment to the bill, which would meet the'rf
views.   This gentleman called upqn me, and, aftej;
stating that he had been thus deputed to rJraJWi.Sti
amendment, and which he then held in bis Kan$í,
requested me to introduce him to the Hon! Louis
McLane,  then Secretary of the Treasury, In ojrdgj
that he might, as he said, submit the_proj ct.tQhí¡8
examination.    He   then   informed   me   that the
amendment which he had prepared would be a¿
ceptable  to the manufacturing interests, and of-
fered them an adequate protection; that it would.
also conciliate íh¿  South,   and quiet all the ex-
citement   in   that   quarter;  and   that   it woulrj,
at the !ame tim?, afford  the Government a, suf-
ficient revenue.    They were induced, he said, to
offer this proposition, by the fact that there was
fieat doubt whelt-er Mr. Verplanck's bill would
b«t .me a law, and they were  very desirous thstt
tie question should be settled.   In compliance witt 
his reqa-si, -aid Mr. W. I called upon the Secreta-
ry of the Treasuiy, and introduced him.   Mr.
Whipp'e >hen laid me project before Mr. McLane,
sU'e.i i's character and object, and asked him
  he, her it would accord with the views of the Go-
vernment.    Mr. McLane, in reply, said thftt tlje
subject was a vety important one, and that, before
offering any ( pinion upon it, he would wish to lay
th  ptopo.-i ion  before the President.   Ha'wpuid
do tsat immediately, he said, and requested $£jr.
Whipple to call for an answer at a certain hour
that afternoon.    At the  hour appointed, I again -
called wi¡h   Mr.   Whipple  upon  the  Secretary.
Mr. McLane   then   ¡eiurned   the  amendment to
Mr. Whipple, -aymg that he had made a slight
modification in it, and that, with  this modifica-
tion, it was entirely acceptable   to the President,
who   bad   expressed  a   hope   that  it would be
adopted.    Mr.  McLane alse   said  that  he pre-
sumed that the friends  of the Administration in.
Congress would yield their assent.   Mr. Whipple
asked who would be the most suitable member
to present it to the House.   He was apprehen-
sive, he said, that if it  was offered by any promi-
nent friend of either of the candidates for the Pre-
sidency, it might be considered as having a poliii-
I cal bearing    Mr. McLane would leave that, he
said, to his (Mr. Whipple's) own judgment.   Mr.
Whipple then turned to me, and asked the same
qiie?ti"n of me; to which I replied, tha|I did not
cons.der it a matter of much importance—'hut the
que-tion was too vast a one to be influenced by
mere personal or party considerations.  Some djgrs
elapsed; and though Mr Whipple had several con-
ferences on the subject with different members" of
the House, the arietnlmerit was cot offeted    In a
s¡.e< ch which  I made  at  that time, (February,
4 h,) Í brought the subject to  the noiice   if the
House, and stated that "I had been informed by"a
manu'acturtng gentleman of tvgh standing in this
country, and one who had a large capital at stake
m  that  interest, th-'.t  he  could propose such, ah
amendment to  the b II  as would  not only be ac-
ceded to by the members  from the Southern and
Eistetn sections of the country, but such a one as
would afford ample protection to  the manufactu-
rers.    Since, then, it is  in thi. power of the manu-
facturers to present such an amendment, I call
upon the friends oí lhat interest to come forward at
this time with it, and I will give it my cordial sup-
port."
On the 11th of February, Mr. Clay gave notice
in the Senate that he would ask leave to introduce
a bill to modify the .various acts imposing duties
on impor s. The next day he accordingly intro-
duced the compromise bill. During the discussion
that followed, (according to my recollection of the
debate, for I have not since looked at it,) Mr. Clay
stated that the bill met with the approbation of the
manufacturinginterest. The Senate not being the
proper body in which to originate a reyenui mea-
Isure, Mr. Letcher (then a member of the House,
anda particular friend of Mr. Clay, and now G>
