S0é_______________________APPENDJX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________August, 1641.
27TH Cong—«1st Sess.                  -  Post Office Appropriation Bill—Mr. Watterson.
vemor of Kentucky) introduced the same bill into
the House, where it was promptly passed by a
very decided vote.
A measure which was introduced and adopted
under such peculiar and impressive circumstances,
which was sustained on a principle of mutual
accommodation to all the interests affected by it—
which allayed the discord and discontents that
then distracted the Umon, and which had the appro-
bation of so large a majority of both Houses of Con-
gress, aad the concurrence of the Executive De-
partment of the Government—could hardly be
regarded as an ordinary act of leg'.lauon, which
we were at liberty to alter at pleat ure. He sub-
mitted that it was impolitic and improper to in-
fringe upon the provisions of an act passed under
such solemn sanctions. But it is urged on the
other side, that one of the provisions of the com-
promise act is, that nothing in it contained sball
be so construed as to prevent the passage, prior or
subsequent to the 33th June, 1842, of any act or
acts that may be necessary to detect, prevent, or
punish evasions of the duties on imports imposed
by law, nor to prevent, in the conti  gency either
of excess or deficiency of revenue, the altering of
the rates of duties on articles subjset to duties un-
der the revenue acts. They allege, furthei, that
the contingency thus provided for has happened,
and that it is necessary to alter ihe rates of duties,
in order to supply a deficiency in the revenue
But Mr. W. contended thit there would be no de-
ficiency, unless the Administration chose to make
it by alienating a portion ol the revenue to objects
unconnected with the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. It certainly could not be contended that a
deficiency thus created was such a one as the bill
contemplated. But should the land Bill pass the
other body—and he hoped it would not—there
would still be ample resources for the expenses of
the Government until the arrival of the time to
which the act was limited The twelve million
loan, the current receipts from customs, and the
power to reissue five millions of Treasury notes
this year, would afford ample means 11 the
mean time. He thought it an unwise step, on
the part of the friends of the Administration, te
hurry the land bill through this Hou^e as thev had
done—thus abstracting three or four millions from
the revenue, without the proper meant, for supply-
ing the deficiency The means of supply proposed
by this bill he did not consider as proper, lor rea-
sons, one of which he had given. But the frie-ds
of the Administration seemed to entertain a diffe-
rent opinion, and they must and will b° held re
sponsible for this act The American people a^e
too enlightened to be misled by these measuies.
They know full well that if the proceeds of the
sale of the public lands should be divided amona;
them per capita, the «hare of each individual—
assuming the whole population at seventeen m 1-
iions, and the sura to be divided at three millions -.
would be but eighteen cents; but as, instead of
beiig given to the people, it is given to the S'ate?,
to be expended a , the Legislatures may d^em
proper, they will be the more convinced t at no
advantage will be derived by tnern from the pro-
posed measure; certainly no advantage equal to
the additional tax which the bill now under con-
•3'derauon will impose upon ti em The friend  of
the measure, in order to give it a more imposing
character, have represented it as a tas on /teste us
But who is there so ignorant as net to know that
there are now no unties on the principal articles of
household consumption—such as tea, ooffee, salt,
sugar, &c—which are in daily uce bv the hum-
blest of the laboring classe* 111 our c juntry? Tbe/
would soon find that, on the art cle of tea alon ,
they will be obliged to pay an indiiect tax, under
this bul, which will be more than equivalent to
their share of the sum to be distributed, even
should they actually recive their eighteen cents
apiece. But when 'hey take mío view the duties
which they must also pay on every other article oí
riady consumption, they will fiisd that they are to
receive no equivalent from the proposed distribu-
tion. It was also to be Keons>idered that these
duties were of an unequal and oppressive cha-
racter. They fell upon the poorer classes with
greater seventy than upon the neb.   The quan-
tity of salt sugar, tea, &c consumed in the pool
man's femily, vas as great as that consented m
the families of the r ch, and she poor were, there
fore, compelled to pay as much a  the neb, or else
be compelled to relinquish the use of 'he articles.
I hope (said Mr W.) never to see ¡he time when
such articles as bchea tea, brown sugar, and West
India coffee, will be considered as luxuries at the
poor man'o board. Now, tbey are considered
purely as necessaries But the policy of the friends
of thi1- Administration, if carried out, will soon
render them luxuries. I cannot «ay that this bill
is m'ended to keep up a distinction between the
poor and the rich, but I do say that tbe people will
lock into tois matter, and wi'l not fa 1 to come to a
correct judgrr>°ni 111 regard to yom whole system
of measures
The people have heretofore (said Mr. W)
cheerfully sustained then representative:, in the
measures reressd<-y for the attainment of tbe great
objects for which this Government was instituted.
They have cheerfully subir itted to th  taxation 1m-
ro.ed upon then for lho«e rpecial purposes, and
they have thus be' n enabled to transmit to succeed-
ing generate is the ¡jionous mher'tance received
iro-n their «m*; ard they have a right to expect
that ¡1 eir burden will now cease vt th the occa-
sion which required them. But it does rot follow
that thf-y would also be ready to mbmit to the ac-
cumulation of a national debt in a time of pro-
found p ac°. They would not be willing to bur-
den themselves and their p sienty vi'h a heavy
tariff of taxation, m order t-> enable this Admi-
nistration to carry out its favorite po'icy of distn
button. It is proper to ob-erve, thet tbe fuendi of
the pt y m p wer, not vi<hstand< if th°ir allega-
tnn¡> of extravagance egi nst the la'e Adrrrnis-
tiaton, now rcknovvledge t'>at ticy ?re unable
to reduce the expenditutes below tho^e of the
late Administration. While the people do not
ask them to reduce the expenses below ¡he
amount wanted for a wise a d enlightened
Adm'm-tration of the Qovmnenf, vet they
would Hold them to a strictly cono'^ieal sjstem
of expenditures Many of the heav est expenses
which have heretofore fallen on the public Trea-
suiy had rested, or were a'iout to cease, and the
people had, therefore, a right to expect a du<inn-
ticn rai'ier than an licrease of expenditure. The
war in Plonda mu t soon be temmated, 'he pub-
lic buildings w<ie 1 eauy c mpl ted, the. exploring
cpediion wppH en 1 wi h the present >.ear, or
early in Ihe next, the purchase of lands from the
Indians and th<*ir removal, amounting to nearly
th ee millions a 3 eir, had almost eit rely ceased;
the expense of the ceasns tern mated with the pre-
sent ye?r, the el nn on 'he Government for p_n-
ins t/onld "oon case, wuh t e exis encc of the
Ptmiot.eiS themselves, and, besU ■> these, a vast
number of other expenses, heretofore neessery
an^ unavoidab c, woulj soon terminate, with the
accomplishment of ihe object  in view
Where, then, was the neefs ity of this hastv le-
ffis ation on a measure of such van importance?—
a measure winch must affect so «enously all the
leading in ere ts of the country—its commerce, and
its minofactarev, «11 if agrcnlture
Why shou'd we e 'ablisi a sweeping svs'Ptn of
advalore-n dd'ies, which led to frauds on tnereve-
nue, and wmch were detrimental lo the infects
of the honest importei, wen, by a delay of a few
moThs, n would be in our powet to adopt specific
riu íes on neatly nil tbe pronuaent articles of ím-
1 0 <i \v*r should ilr .ncaaiire be pressed tbiongh
this House 'v 1L0 1 allows; ti'ne for reflcc ion
and jiquiry? Wh) hou'd we not wait—is was
the custom n othet National legislatures, and 1 ad
been heretofoie in oni own—for an opportunity to
look carefully mtj the bea'ing of all the provisions
of a general revenue bn ? Flow n any of the
member* on tnsfioor,h3 would ask, were pr pared
10 act understandirg'y or  th,s question? Need I
(«■fia Mi W) cs'l the attention of gen'lemen to
the many thousardar idea on which duties are to
be imposed under th s b il, every one which should
be attentive'y examined, to ascertain its beating
on the complicated interests of the country? Would
it not effect to a great and, as yet, unknown ex-
tent, the manufacturing interests, whish was shel-
H. of Reps.
tered under the compromise act? and would it not
also injuriously affect our commerce and raviga-
tion? Would not this hasty ieg'slation give rise
to endless 3nd vexatious litigation; and would net
much of the public money be wasted in conduct-
ing these suits? We have h^d experience on these
subjects, and ought we not to profit by n? Have
not most of our tariff laws been subject to these
difficulties'2 The truth was, that all the decisions
which had been made heretofore, ought to be ex-
amined with much attention, in order that we
might frame a bill guarding, a-, far as possible,
against all doubt 3nd difficulty. It appeared to
him (Mr. W ) that it was the part of wisaom to
do so. If the fh nds of this measure would
consent to its postponement till the next session, in
order th?t tie v,hole subject of ihe revenue laws
might then be revved under the most deliberate
consideration, and with tbe aid of all the lights of
experience that we could command, he had no
doubt that the House would agree, by a largs- ma-
jority, to authonze such an investigation at the
principal ports an 1 elsewhere as would secure to
us the requisite informati«r. In concision, Mr.
W. expiessed the hope that this measure, at least,
would be deliberately examined, and not be
driven thicugh the Houce with ihe piecip.tancy
wh'ch had, he regretted to siy, characterized most
if not all of the measures of thi  session.
SPEECH OF H. M. WATTERSON,
Or TENNESSEE
In the Howe of Representatives, «Swgast 26,1841—
In Committee of the Whole on tbe state of the
Union, on the Post Office Appropriation bill.
Mr. Chairman I have but a few words to say
upon this question. The debate has taken a very
wide range—almost every political top c has been
brought into the discussion, and I do not know that
in the notice I shall take of the remarks of some of
the jfentlemen who have preceded me, I shall be
able to confine myself strictly within the rules of
order. I hop=, however, that my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr £i>drew-] who appear  tobe in rather
a fretful mood this mornirs, wi 1 not interrupt
me, should I wandei sommvhat froji ihe subject
immed.ate'y under consideration, paiticularly as I
have but forty minu es leff, before I sball be cut
off by the arrival of the houi of twelve at which
time, in pursuance of a reso'u'ion adopted to-day,
we are bound to proceed without further debate lo
vote on the amendment pending, 1 r that may be
offered.
I have been very maeh as'o^ished, Mr. Chair-
man, to hear the President ot the United States
denounced by mv colle?gue [Mr Arnold,] as a
"traitor"—-a "Hull"—-"a Benedict Arnold"—a "Ju-
das Iscanot"— a "miserable wretch " I say I have
been gieatly surpr sed to hear $ueh harsh epithets
applied to the chief Executive of this great nation,
and by a gentleman, too, who, not rrany months
since, was lauding John Ty ler to the very heavens
Ah ' sir, could you ha<-e heard the flaming ap-
peals which my colleague made id the last Presi-
dential contest m favor of 'Tippecanoe and Tj ler
too"—could you have r.eard bim sing at the top
of his lungs that favorite Whig song which began.
What hasciused thi"great commotion, motion motion
Our country thiought
It is the ball a lolling 01,
ForTippecanoe and Tylei too "
You would scarcely Hast your own ears, or be-
lieve in your osn tenses, and cei airly would
doubt whether the« ignominious expressions came
from tbe same source, that so recently changed all
the good Whigs m Ea*t Tennessee with "rard
cider" melodies
Why all this new-born wradi on the part of my
colleague, and others of tre sarte political stripe,
against their Whig President, v pom they support-
ed so cordiallv, and it I may be al'owed the ex
pression, so musically, for the second office within
the gt't. of a free people? In ve omg the Fiscal
Bank bill, has he violated any pledge wh'ch he
gave previous ¡o his election?. No, mi, no. He
is standing by his long cbenshe 1, and oft repeated
opinions; he 'S holding fast to the principles of
that sacred instrument, which he has sworn to
"pressrve, protect, and defend," and for this act,
