August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if 
*U09
27th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. McRoberts.
"Seriate.
subject, let me ask honotable Senators to accom-
pany me while I analyze the particular amendment
under consideration. What does it propose-? Whv,
sir, to do the same justice to Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mis=i^-
eippi, Alabama, and the Territories, that has been
done to Ohio. It appears from the report ot the
General Land Office, which I h< Id in my hand, that
there has been granted to the State of Ohio by Con-
gress, exclusive of the sixteenth «eetion, the quantity
of 1,143,000 acres of ihe pubhcland Idonotspeak
of this as matter of complaint-—not at all—I men-
tion it as evincing a spirit of liberality that reflects
the h'ghesl honor on Iho'-e who occupied these seats
before us, and voted these grants Now, sir, what
have ihe other new S ates received?
The saa-e report shows that
Acres
Illinois has received           .           .    650 000
Indiana .... 854000
Michigan .... 105000
Missoun     .           .            .           .94 000
Aikansas .... 102000
Louisiana .... 46,000
Mississippi                          .           .      47 000
Alabama                 .           .           .    471,000
To deduct the grants of land to each of the
above States, from one million one hundred and for-
ty three thousand acres, the quantity granied to the
State of Ohio, will leave just the number of acres
due to each State, as given in my amendment, to
wit:
Acieb
To Illinois           .           .           .       492 000
Indiana          .           .           .288 000
Michigan        .           .           .    1 037 000
Missouri          .           .           .    1,048 000
Arkansas        .           .           .    1040 000
Louisiana       .                       .    1097 000
Mississippi      .           .           .    1,095 000
Alabama        .           .           .      672 000
Such, sir, is the quantity of the public land, and
a small pioportton compared with the unappropria-
ted domain in those States.
In behalf of the peop'e of the new Stales, I ask
tnese grants of land, not as a bounty, not as mendi-
cants, but as a matter of strict justice I askitin
accordance with the spin! of your own laws I
appeal to Senators—these venerable and honored
men, some of wnom, by the blessings of Provi-
dence, have filled these sed<s, and have been oma
meats of this great Republic íor ntar d quar-
ter of a century—to these men 1 appeal to
come forward and vindicate the justice of ineir
own policy. It was during their public '-enrice,
and by their votes, that the donations to Ohio were
made. The ne v States oi the West and South
stand upon the same footing, no one has any
claims of precedence over the other To these
men, as well as to the whole American Senate, I
appeal this day with that confidence which the jus
tice ot our cau e inspires, to come iorward and
oustain this amendment
Sir, it was> your liberal and enhghlened policy
toward toe State of Obio, that has enabled that
gieat Commonwealth to prosecute her public works,
ar.d that sustained her credit at home and abroad.
Tn" grants were made at different periods, com-
mencing about the year 1823, and extending
to 1830.
The effect of this policy is now seen in the
s'rides which vie has made in the advancement of
those gieat mier-isls that redound so much to her
honor She is iht elder member of that family
of States, and yet she has been built up within this
generation. Yes, sir, withm your day and mine
A population oí upward ot a mill on and a half,
and who for enterpi i>e, mdustiy, m'elligence, and
all tho^e high attributes which adorn Ihe character
of man, would compare villi any population on
the face of the earth. Her numbers ard resources
give her rank next to New York and Pennsylva-
nia No o her State, ancient or modern, of which
I have any knoweldge, has, in the same period of
years, ever made such strides in the increase of her
population, in wealth, m phjsieal and intellectual
improvement. That the policy of this Govern
ment, and the liberal and timely aid furnished by
it, has largely contributed to her advancement, is
be\ ond all question
Well, sir, the other new States are not less enti-
tled to the justice you have meted out to Ohio
Several of tnem, seduced by the memorable events
in 1836, have engaged m large woiks of internal
improvements, and the ignis fatuus having di^ap-
pea ed, are now embarrassed with debt Most of
the new Sta'es—Missouri, and possibly one or
two others excepted.
[Col Sevies said Arkansas, and Mr Mouton
added, and Louisiana ]
Yet,, sir, said Mr McRobfrto, I am gratified to
know that those three S ales—Missouri, Arkansas,
and Louisiana—are free from public debt, but un-
fortunately the balance of them are deb or Slates
Por one of them (Illinois) I can speak more par-
ticularly. Of the number of pubic woiks pro-
jected a-id commenced by that State, she has, from
the change in the monetary atfiirs of the country,
been compelled to suspend operations upon all, ex-
cept probably a part of one of her railroads and
hfr great canal Toward the completion of this
last work, that State has shown an energy and a
perseverance worthy of all commendation The
plan of construction r to make Lake M chigin
the feeder. This was adop ed from a sjpposed
deficiency in ihe supply of water uDon the summit
level. The expense upon this plan is vastly in-
creased, as it requires deep excavation through
rock for many miles. Four millions ot dol'ars
have already been expended, and the work is
about half completed- And, sir, this canal is a
work not for Illinois alone, or for this generation—
it is a public improvement in wh'ch the whole
population of this mighty nation is now, and will
be, interested to the end of lime. Por tbr lergih ol
this canal, it has been pronounctd by competent
judges to be the most stupendous mp'ovement of
the kind upon ihe earth Its intrinsic importance
can hardly be appreciated. It connects ihe com-
merce of the lakes and the Atlantic cities, wtih all
the great States and Territories m the Valley of the
Mississippi It will be the great thorouahfare con-
necting the two divisions of the Repub ic—the
East with the West. New Yoik end Pennsylva-
nia are almost as directly ínteres ed in it comple-
tion, and the advantages that will flow from it, as
Illmors Missouri, or Louisiana It any improve-
ment by water communication, which commences
and terminates in the Same State, can Le called na-
tional in its charac er, it is the 1 'inois ai d Michi-
gan canal As a national work, we might cía m
jour aid The doty of this Government to con-
struct light houses and harbors, t.pon the ground
lhat such works foster commerce, and are national
works, would equally include this canal For the
construction of light houses, harbors, and all im-
provements upon the Atlantic, as well as upon the
lake coast, money has been appropriated ducctly
from the Treasury. In all such casec the object
was regarded as national, and that important be-
nefits would result to the countr> from (he appro-
priation. All lhecereasons apply wUh equal force
to ihe Illinois and Michigan canal We might
urge an appropriation upon any ground that could
be assumed for the public works that have been
constructed by this Government, But, s-ir, said
Mr McRoberts, we are not asking for money from
the public Treasury It is for land, an 1 for no
more than the quantuy which } cur former acts
show we are entitled to
Sir, the State has made every effort and sacrifice
that could be made, to sus am her credit, and per-
severe wnh this work She has done all that
honor or patriotism could require at her hands,
and I now a«k this Government to come to her le-
lief The giant of the four hundied and ninety-
two thousand acres of land wl ícb is due to her,
ard which the amendment now under considera-
tion provide*, would come to her aid ata most ap-
propriate time The locations could now be made
so as to inspire confidence at home, and strengthen
her credit abroad. It would be an earnest on
your part that you would be willing to do unto
her as you have done unto others
Among the objections urged against making the
grants asked for m the amendment, is that it
would dimmish the fund for  general distubution
Well, sir, if avarice were the only spring of acjion
in the Senate of the United States, unmixed with
any sen<-e of justice to a most meritorious p<Mj on
of our people and toward whom all the ties osyia-
tional, as well as fraternal affection, shouldi^ind
us as American Senators to do them justice, then
it might be admitted that the reason was av#lid
one. Upon no other principle can this amend-
ment be successfully resisted. The early legisla-
tion of Congress may be cited as an exara¡pe of
that equal justiee among the new Slates, for winch
we no -v contend Among the earliest acts of Con-
gress, was one providing that sectjoa 16,, jnjach
townsnip, in the States to be formed upon the na-
tional domain, should be set apart for schools.
This beneficent provision was not confljised !o
the States formed upon the lands ceded by Vir-
ginia, it has been extended by subsequent laws to
all the new States.
Sir, we claim, as matter of justice, that the
States shall be placed upon an equal footing m re-
gard to oiher grants
It is said that this bill is a measure of this Ad-
ministration, and that having passed the House in
its present form, agreat repugnance is felt to make
any alterations. Is this then to be understood
as a Whig bill? And is it to be regarded as a
test of Whig justice? Sir, one reason assigned
why this amendment should not be adopted, is
that the new States are to receive ten per cent,
upon the sales, and we have had exhibited detail-
ed estimates of the amount, as though ibe whole of
the puolic land was to be forthwith disposed of.
Now, who does not see that this mode of counting
is all imaginar)? Who does not know 1hat to
count the refu=e lands at the minimum price,
and to make estimates upon such basis, is wholly
fallacious? The lands cannot be sold in our time,
and the refuse of the public doman, can never bo
sold at the present price
The graduation principle is one founded in the na-
ture of things. There are qualities sad classes m
lands, as in goods, wares and merchandise. This
graduation principle must and will be adopted.
And, sir, the glorious West has already spoken.
The cheering news fiom the elections of the South
and the West, which has reached us in the last
ix hours, shows that that period is not far distant.
Next March three jears will put an end to the
present dynasty. The people will expel thorn from
power, and with that expul ion will terminate,
as I hope, this iniquitous system in regard to ibt
public elomain The ten per cent amount-to i o-
ihmg If paid fo the new States, it wou'd ntvtr
equal the rise of Ihe land granied to Omo, or the
interest of the money .he received from the sale^.
But let us deal m the figures of arithmetic.
They are the most effective figures of speech,
and the bone of all argument.
Ohio has had the benefit of her grants from 10
to 12 years. For the purpose of compu'aloa and
argument, say ten years Assuming the 1 143 000
acres she has received, to have yield d the lo*e*-t
sum, say $1 25 per acre, the amount would be
one million four hundred and twenty tight thousand
dollars The interest at 6 per cent would be
$85 680 per annum, and m the ten yeas she has
erjoyed it, would be in round numbers, eight han-
dled and fifty six thousand dollars Now soppese
the land sales in any state to reach threesnundrfd
thousand dollars a year, which is not piobable for
the future, the ten per cent, would be $30,000, or
only al out one-third of the sum at ordinary inte-
rest which Ohio has received, through the^e grants.
The deficiency m favor of Mi«soun, Arkansas,
Michigan, Louisiana, Mississippi, and the Territo-
ries, that have received no grants of land, would
be respectively about §50,000 per teai, an 1,  de-
ficit in faver of Illinois and Alabama of about
half that sum. Is this just? Is this patriotic?
Above all, is a policy like this worthy of >ae Ame-
rican Congress?
Sir, we have witnessed some attemp =, ant if
you will allow me, I will say attempts boidenng
upon the ridiculous, in the course of this debate, to
prove that the ten percent, proposed in this bill
would equable the grants of land to the different
States But, sir, when tested by the simple rules
of arithmetic, the whole fabric vanishes into tiua
