August, 1341.
27th CohG"..1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE COBGBKBBIoyAL QLOBS.
Public Lands—Mr. McRoberts.
Sit
Senate.
unknown to the Consh ution, and one of them to
the treasuries of la  Sta e<1
Congress has no power to mterrere m the infer-
nal policy of the States Congress cannot act up-
on the Siates, as was the case during the Confede-
tion The S ates and the Union are separate and in-
dependent Governments They are equally sup  eme
within their respective s hens Thebeantiful figure
used many y ars ago by one of the public func-
tionaries of tae Federal school, that this Natioral
Government was the sun, and the States were the
¡¡dar  in this political firmament, revolv ng round
it, will do for poetry, but is entirely untrue as a
censtitutional argument. The Stales are the suns;
the Federal Government depends on Dorrowed
light. The people of the States created this Na-
tional Government They endowed it with a few
plain, and, as us authors supposed, accurately de-
fined po vers, and those mostly of general concern.
Its authors fur h«r ■-aid ¡hat all powers not gran'ed
to Cong-ess shcula be reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the. people
Congress, as is shown, has power to make all
needful rules respecting ihe territory or other pro-
perty of the Uní ed S ates, and may dispo e of
either 101 purposes authorized by the Constitution.
With regaid to mone<—and the bill before us
proposes to appropi rate money—ihe same power
may be exeicioed, bu', m making appropriations
of money, the pover of Congress must be foand
m the Const t itioi ¡lo wt ts the object upon which
the appropr.altOii to he matte such as is authorized by
thai instrument
Now ret ¡a" ask Hie advocates of ihis b 11 rot to
ccnurue in s leice, but to come out and s>-ow us
wneie they derive power to pass it What pari of
tne Constitution has cloihed Cocgress with power
to raise revenue ai d ^cretnn, and wilnout ¡imita-
non, and then to dispose of n to purposes not au-
thorize 1 bv the Con titutioc, but t > transfer it to
the State Legislatures to be by teem disposed of
to ' sucn purposes as they," ti e Legislature!, of the
States, " nail deem proper?"
We deny that any power in this Government,
eitner express or implied, will authorize such an
act as ¡his
[Here Mr. McRobehts being unable to proced
from feeble health, suspended his remarks Tne
debate was continued by Mr. Calhouv, Mr Wal-
ker, and others, and the vote was taken on the
amendment, and d-cided in the negative, by the
usual majority After vards, upon the questicn of
the passage of the bill, he resumed ]
Let us, Mr. President, exummc the effect of this
bjlm another aspect
Sir, siid Mr McPoberts, what promp s ¡his
distribution, what i  the miahty spring that drives
tras distribution nohc\ over a viola'edandproaiate
Consu aiion1    It all the S ates v>eie to  share alike
__L tbty co tamed each the same population—
were equally nanutacturm0 and equally comru.-
tial—would hey distribute among themselves a
port o i ot their neesssar) revenue, waen they must
íorth"vi h ta¿ semseKts to m?ke no the amount
thus d stnbu e , a d e ben each State would have
to reiund ihe íull sum it rece \cA, tog ther vvi n
the addition vt iue c>ot of c-dlection? Is it m fie
]a-jofc ara er to b heve th?t iiudei su h a state
of ot u j unce , th- d.s iibanon policy could
obt ii a^i g f "vole m either  Hoa e of Congres 1
The pt tnt ie/"->u > of tae Government are
'lumcentiu m 'ilmmbia'Ka A bill to bor-
low tite'o in 'tons of dallen h?s beet> pa«"d st mis
specirl sessi i b, tie eonmt {am vPt Dis-
tr oo oa L h io ere U th rneasirc^ rf tnat party
It prop s , to ..ppropria e to th  State treisunts
abou $5 000 000, ci t h¿>  ters n nuy be ic-
ceneltr m lap u, anl p o n r bill has alrealy
pa sed t s Hojs au t is tipjn < ur tables, to tax
tea and e. rUe, a l (t ier n«tessane of U e wish
a e no ; i ipor e i c'ati fie, ^n" to 'eta n the ouv
on sutar, noliw , salt, an to arse wooller guids,
m order 10 supply the debcie cj 11 th<" revenue
which this same d stribut on create"' Tne schfme
jb to b* earned by holding op to 'he  )stpi t the
new States a por ¡on (I their own p openy a a
public bnb^ Th  farm°rb, and mechanic , and
laboring classes, are to be bribed and bought, and
then doubly taxed under this odious measure
Sir, it is ih  inequality in toe operation of this
measure, that has brfugat to 11 s main support
If the S'ates and people weie all to be taxed alike
by it, the measure would commiPd no suppo't It
is because some pori.on^ of the 001,51 ry will receive
more money from the dktnbution than they will
be required to refund to 'uap'y the deficiency, that
this raeacure has become so po'ent, while other
¡states will receive far less from ihe distribution,
than they wi'l be compelled to paj back m the way
of taxes.
Take my own S ate for an examp'e. Il'ino s
has over half a milhor of population, but we will
put it down, in ro„nd numbers, at five hundred
thousand, bei^g- one thirty-fourth rart or the popu-
la 1 n of the United States The annual revenua
required to suppoit the Government, we may esti
mate ai twenty-foir milliois of dollar being about
one do lar and forty cents per bead According to
this estimate, Illinois, with a pop nation of five
hundred thousand, wilt pay seven hundred and five
thousand five hundred do'lara of the national re-
venue. She will pay this sjm, should sae have to
contribute no race in proportion to her population
thon the Atlantic Sta'es, but she will pay much
more Ths manufactur ng Sute  wiU purchase
butji'tle, they supply tnp"iselves pud v ill, there
fore, receive more from the distribution than
they will pay Mck in the v ay of duties while
toe Agricultural States of the We t end Souti,
being wiih< ut manufactures aid mas  pu'ehase
from the importer, will pav oa* in duties f<-r more
tvsn lh°y wiU receive 111 distr oji n The West
ard Southwest nave out ftv •ninufactu'e' The
wants of the people are oupp led from abroad, and
under the operations of tne impost system th"
taxes fall upon them because it fa L upon the cor-
sumer.   All th s io understood
Wei', s r, the 'and 0 be d stn  j "d  under this
bid, we v in suopc   to '    pa  rulluns of dollars
Illmoi;,, Vv ith a p pi Utioa of 500 000, w d receive
one thirty-fourtb   par , whici   m   'oniid   num-
bers is             .                       .           •     #147,000
Difference that she w 11 pay unde* the
impost s> temover  and rbove the
manufacturing S a'^s, being at least
fifty per cent, s                  .           .        73,505
Making   .           .                              220,500
Expense  of   collection, e'stimai'd   at
ten per cent amounts to      .                    22 030
Making ir ad                                    $242,500
Here, th n, u idc* xh d« iibuiion bi 1, 1 ie otate
of LI nris vill "ccei e one fcitndrcd anJ forty <¡even
thousand dollars, and as there is no surplus m he
Treasury, the money must be reiurned, and to tto
whidi, our people will h=ve to pay two 'mnd'ed
and f-rriy-lwo thousand five hundrtd dollars in taxes
upon ihe necessan s and comforis of hre
T^is is the lot e t pstimate that caá be made of
the loss lo that Suta, and ¡n ! e same proportion
to all he new States And, sir, ths ax c«trt¡oi be
avo ded It fat's unon every art cíe Oi commerce
*hieh is jsed in our Urm les T e >• h"' b t if
pu-n^r/ irtici°s thv aie u  d fr m ibe cr?d'e
to t>"> grave, ate tax d to mA' ap ti s>
revenue The ploush ant b  rpr^v,, " e tea d
the hoe of the fari er, M e pi h" u at d c~ -
s^lf,  of  the  carnet t      n   h           , s  a   , «.nvil,
beib ia and u"e of tne b a     ~>  -, a 1        e    o
clohug, and esp c t  y    se       1         c    °i¡   „, \
tlantcls ¡nr-st udm Ui 1 , * ! e, <• s r,
""O asse , salt, iren—& 1 ?r to ee ' xed o. , 1
f trie s^-temot ieasi f Ittiu } " \ m
po« i Yes, s rt tn°llaiiGlt ' v ih 1 " 1
tns er>d!e, an 1 he M nkct 1^ eoi h f d,
ire to be wit C )ífra te «i a 1 <• , " . m
their g^nr- a uer \e aecri 1" ie„ ^nr e- o L P —
"5viicies vt- d le  y anc w 1   a         1   1   v ¿>k  c
eottec     ad         in          , - n    s      e W   t i-,  ji
hese   rripre e ' u   —         '     a    '    K    t -
vea     p°r c n    ¿ceo dng t          L  1   hi   V-
pass d  tne c b r  Hou c,   ra  1         o ¡ ai    f 1 ■>
¡elief whi(H lb s Federil paeIv no ni   n«|,   p e
letón the lai   Piesi 'ci         lec
Tn s is n t the time to     1 r e    }   uto th <   u
sion of the tax bill upon >ruriable,ind by w¡ icayeu
mean to supply the  reynue ih?t you are  1 ew
voting away, but when it comes up I shall take
care to try to modify some of its objectionable
provisions. The people of Illinois shall know
what you are doing, you shall not tax my consti-
tuents under the guise that yon are passing mea-
sures of relief.
Sir, to give a more ample idea of this new sys-
tem of taxation about to be visited upon the coun-
try, let it be remembered that there were imponed
free of duty, from India and China, for the year
erdmg September 30ih, 1839, as shown by the last
Treasury report:
Of lea, 9 340,061 pounds, value] - $2,434,594
Of coffee, 106 696,992 pounds, value      9,744,103
#12,168,697
Making nine millions and a third of tea, and one
hundred and six mill ons and a half of coffee, and
the cost over twelve millions of dollars. The duty
of twenty per cene, as proposed by the bill from the
House of Representatives, would make the tax on.
tea ard coffee alone nearly two millions and a half
of dollars, $2,433 739.
Let us add some of the other articles that are
now free ot duty
Coffee and tea        -           -           -   $12,168,697
Cocoa        ....           75,838
Pepper, nutmegs, mace, and other
spices      ...           -          854,531
Wool  costing less than eight cents,
6,597,539 pounds            -           -          527,620
Making th" sum of             -           -   $13,626,686
Articles which are now íeceived duty free. The
t?x cf P0 per cen* upon which, would amount to
th? enormous sum of $2,725,337, and which must
be paid by the consummer, and which falls most
oppressively on ihe poor.
Su, there 13 ro necessity of taxing the necessa-
ries of 1 fe The attempt to do so is a fraud upon
the pecple. The total amount ot free goods im-
ported for the year ending September 30th, 1839,
amounted to           -           -           -   $76,401,792
Goods imported paying duties to     -     85,690,340
Now, sir, when the late Democratic Administra-
tion permi ted good., to be imported duty free, to
the valae cf seventy six millions of dollars, why
is it lhat the present Administration refuses to
allow to be imported free of duty, the articles of
t a, coffee, cocoa, the spices, and wool costing;
less than eight cents per pound, to the value of
oily thi  een millions of dollar*? The vast list of
free good:, turn shes amp'e range for taxation.
There is no necessity, and therefere no justice, in
including the articles I have named, or salt, sugar,
or molasses, or coarse woo!, or blankets for do-
mestic use, costing less than seventy-five cents
each.
S^r, this odious system of taxing the necessaries
of li^e, ¡s begmmrg to be exploded even in Eng-
land The moneyed aristocracy of that far-famed
island, are scarcely able to grind the people there
wi h lhat oecies of taxes which this Administra-
tion are attemptiog to «addle upon our people.
I read fr m a very able speech, of a very able
memb r cf the Butish Parliament, [Mr Hnme,]
mad" on he 13th of ^ay last, upon the sugar du-
t e   and corn laws
%íi Hume ai' tint 'a«}fai, a motion was made to re
due hedutvonfoi«igribu arto3b6hillings which the Govern
n 1 lilresi ted Ie >n Hume had the pleasute of support
lr á uo ar lie<re ed the opposition then given to it,
j t it \a now held hat as tl e Government had voted against
tl at measure last se   on they weie prevented from bringing
i i\aidthe «araemca^icih He looked onlv to the value
of ne 1000 rf rún«iirt ai d co idered that objection as in
i   m « He    He caredi 0 wheth tl! was the deliberation of a
\ a wee 0 a yea he eoi ideied it an excellent measure
lu   wa eall d lor mju  ice to the people
T nf r UB->te v foi the country, piohibuioneand restrictions
fu   ed n bich 'uní ed tl e malüfac ares and trade of the won
,\      iveivieaiex ent    idthe rresent measure of her Ma
",      ,,', ,,   wath-i appr x mUioaio ftee trade
Eve j amountraiied by Vi election was a tux laid on the
tunc   and he held that no money ouaht by what is called
,, itee-urea"«aof import to be taken out < f the pockets0/
one.id «anal to go into the pockets of any othei individual
he fiinhei held that the Government ought for thepurpo.es of
fvenue to 1 laco the tallest possihle amount of duty upon
l" ear iclesof <bod winch, were foi the consumption of the
maiie°AÍreHurne) wibhe 1 that tn- proposal had been for the
removal ot all restrictions and protections and he was sat «Bed
that ere long thev must come to flee ¡ra*
Agam
