August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
Si?
£7th Cong......1st Sbss.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Hastings.
H. ot Reps,
it implicitly? What has been, mav be again; and
we all know what a United States Bank has done
Attempt to sustain it as you may, you cinnot per-
suade the people that fiction w trmh, is reality.
Confidence in the infallibility of bank schemes is
lost, and never can be restored, let Government
impose them as it may We have had too much
expansion, and contraction, and revulsion, and op-
pression, and loss, and suffering, and dictation,
and swindling', and reckless speculation, with the
whole train of monetary misfortunes which paper
mjney devices induce, to permit us ever to trust
to sach a dangerous machine again. Give it Go-
vernment countenance upon what plan we may, it
will ultimately prove abortive, and precipitate us
into miseries of a more serious, gloomy charac'er
than we have yet exp rienced Nothing will carry
us through but an entire withdrawal from this un
happy idle practice of making a redundancy cf
money out of pap r, and a sincere resort to plain,
practical common sense, and a strict construction
of the Constitution No tortuous measures to sub
serve the views of visionaries, or party, or indivi-
dual, will answer We must be guided by pnre
Democratic principle, no substitute, however spe
cious, can succeed Truth and justice are attri
bates of the Divinity, and if we mean to p*osper,
we must approach mem as closely as we ctn It
is nonsense to think of getting on successfully m
auy other way
How deleclably happy Britain is with her Na-
tional Bank and her paper money' No sufferings,
no miseries no wretchedness—all uninterrupted
prosperity Is it s<' Look at her distress nf re
vulsions in trade—thousauds thrown idle in a da)'
Look at the starvation among her manufac-
turers and mechanics, and the oppres ed In h'
Look at her Cham t msnireciioni' Look at
her lases, where every m?n, as Bulwer esti-
mates, ' !■  taxed to the amount of one tbnd of his
wage '" Lo( k at her paupers, embracing a-ixih
of her population, an an expense of about thntv-
five millions ' Look at her national debt of eight
or nine hundred millions sterling, which her paper-
money credit system has hpd its share in promot-
ing, and look at the taxes 10 pay the interest of
this debt' But look at onr own State debts of
§215 000 000 '—what hand has our United S a es
ííank and our paper money had in this' L
there a nation in the world where paper money is
not subjected to extraordinary d preciation ard
loss, in propoiaon to quan ny and pol ty1 Mr.
Norman and Mr Pige state that the loss by wear
on a paper currency is fifty thi^e times grea er than
on a gold currency They say, "If 'he expense cf
a paper currency be 24 per cent, per annum,"
(their calculation,) "this, on a sum of ¿£20,000
000, will amount in one hundred years to ¿£50 -
000,000, while t!ie loss by wear of a gold curren-
cy of ¿£20,000,000, during the same period, if onlv
¿£922 000 the difference is theretore ¿£49,078 000 "
The advocates of this Bsnk, Mr Speaker, and
all of us, are anxious to be called, or thought to be
__and some of us believe ourselves to be—Demo-
crats. And why1? Because the principle is a pass
port to the confidence of the people And why a
passport to that coifilencei Because it recng
nises their equal rights Withal, we may effect
wi>at sympathy we plea e towards, Democratic
principles, ai d talk about and call ourselves D«-
mocrats, or Democratic Whigs, or what we choose,
but names wilt not ait«r pnnc pies or things, nor
will profession obviate the necessity of practite
Therefore, if the pet pie would only measure their
Government by the light standatd.pay no regard to
the interested jargon o protean n, but reject from
their confidence at once all those who invade their
equal rights, either by word or deed, they would
soon purify it of the malisn mfiiencos that ob-
struct its pure action Thi^ unerring guide to just
legislation—the equal right* of the pe pie—i- so
simple, so ea l'y understood and defined, so impar-
tial m its operation, that I am asonishel it bas
ever been last sight of—that the people have ever
permuted themselves to be deprived of its sole d -
rectmn either by those who meant well or meant
ill. What have a liee people todo \>ith distract-
ing Systems ot finan"e, and paper money currency
¡schemes, and exchange regulation schemes, and
discriminating pro'eetive tariffs, aad vested rights,
and exclusive pnvil ges, and alt the other rigma-
role chicanery and mystifying devices that entram-
mel the fiee action and oppress the peipleof the
old work ?
Let the people alone, and they will regojate their
own industrial affairs themselves, m their own
way and to their own liking All ihey require < f
their Government i  mpartial protection—every
one in his avocation or pursuit, they want none of
your direction or interference Does, not every bo
do know that the be^t bank is a bank of mo her
earth' tne be>t money gold < nd silve 1 and the
best treasury, afier defraying the expenses of the
Government, the people'^ pockets'! I do «ay, let
the people alene, and cease to torment and distract
them with never-endirg projee s and interference-;
in their concern* I again repeat, they did not in
siitute Government for thit—only let them alore,
and they will arrange whatever polny may be ne
cessary lor their every day intercourse and busi-
ness among each other, mue'i better without the
intermeddling of Government Th^-y can e^tib'ish
offices of discount and deposite, and exchange, and
banks, it you will, to suit themselves Last sum-
mei, when we bad the Independent Tieasury bill
under consideration, in showing some of the beau
tiful effects of the paper-menpy ere lit system, it
was ascertained that, from 1789 to 1837, we had
incurred (as I have already llluded to) an adverse
balance of trade of seven hundred and fif'j-two
millions of dollars. What encouragement for ihe
paper expenment we have now under discission '
Alexander Hamilton was considered a great finan
cierof that day, I bplieve, and the man may have
meant well enough, but no one will «a/that thi«-
a J verse balance of tiade evinced the w sjom of
his moonshine papc-money credit pr ,ects lie
tru'h is, he formed a wrong, a low estimate of tnt
peopled caoabil ty of self gt vrrnment, be hi 1 no
comic'-iice in n, pnd rene  his pc 10 cf n anís i 
them by a few h ads like his otfii, and our pre "lit
condition proves the ignorance of his wisdom Be-
sides, the equal rights of the people, which, when
cone ntrated, compose th-ir legitimate prwerof
elf government, he had, possibly, no conception
of, or, if he h%d, he kept it to bims>lf
As a general proposition, the whole of the unto-
ward troubles, and the peiilous political po ítion
the country has got into, rnaj be re solved into one
primary fiult, traced up to a first cause anl that
is, ih" viola'ion of the equal rights of the people
and tre S at s It is this unfortunate departure
fto>u the great pnn itU. lhauur Revolutionary
forefathers foug1 t for, that his mvo eed u in al-
mo t inextricable difficalties It was a vail e.ror
in the S ates and ¡n the oeople to p-rmit Mr Ha
milton to °et an unn«hteou precedent—<o intro-
duce the insidious ertpnng-wed.e, that made wiy
for tie morepowcriut ones hat followed, under Ihe
speciojs gui=e of promotirg the ?enera! welfare,but
in reality sapping the foundation ol our in^epen
dence and weakening to afeanuld gree th" consti.
tution, and, through it, the mtrgntv of the Union—
ih.it Union wb. ch wa? intended to maintain our
Republic on an impeachable basis. Did the
frame   if the Const tution in'end v.e should
have paper money fcr ? (urrereví Listen to
what h taa rsof the Republ e ordai ied in 1789,
in lh° freshn s, anl puu y of d ínteres ed feel
in? and pataotism and unsophis icated common
se se
"Ami be it fui tier enac cd That it shall be the duty of
theTreabiner to ieeei\c dn i keel the n 01 ey of the I rited
totate* and to 1 <*bmsp the me etc He «hall at alt
time^ submit to the^ecietary of the Tiel^mvanl It e Com|
troller or either of them, Ihe lnspeuun of the money m 1 >>
h imoS
1 Andbe it fuilliei enacted Tlatthe elu tes and fee„ to be
eollectel by vutueof this act*/ alt b- retened in goldandsil
ier coin OjNI 1 "
So dec ded the sages and patriots of the Eevolu
tion. What a grave reflection on our p?ner mo
nev   cc! erne '
It ssaid thV this Fiscal Bank is to ei\e lis a
sound currency A sound currency, ind ed ' That
banknotes, m general acee>atton, are not cur-
rency, w  have proof po^rive to oui hearts' con
tent by this time they m.iy be something to day,
and nothing to-morrow, at par to day, and at a dis-
count to-morrow    We know all this    No, bank
paper ii not currency, it maybe circulation, but
not currency nothing is true currency but that
which tt called emphatically "ihe carrency of na-
tions," all else is circulation, local, partial, snd
changeable. Government cannot make bank pa-
per currency by any countenance it can *give lt
threugh any chinnel whaever, only the tangible
hard thing itself will have that confidence—the
sound carrency of the Constitution, ihat will go
and come to any amount where i is wanted, and
received without doubt or demur by everybody
Paper may represent the cons ltauonal currency
where it is us basis m amount, in all truth, as
facility—as circulation—but nothing more Why
(■oe-i a man look with such rump'iance and satis-
f«cfion on a golden eag el Because he feels sen-
sible and secure tl at it camot dece ve him, that it
is intrinsically valuable to its full worth all over
the Union—all over the world, that it is property it-
seif—superior in character, for it will procure him
every, any kind, wiih ut reserve, that it is ihe re-
presea'ative of labor, for "t is the result of labor
from the nine until its emission from the mint as
coin, that it is the representative of truth, for it is
realuy.
He look , on it with pro"d :r/a ifi"ation, for he
sees his country's nsignia imürfs'el noon it—the
free, high soaring eagle ot the Uní >n, m hi-> talons,
her emblems of p-ace and war, tie one to present
tolhelne d—the other to lauuch ¿ga list the ft e
He puts it in his pock t or his chesi, .md it comes
out ever the same, it is still lh^ golden eagle of his
country, cf one intrinsic valu Can we say this
ot ba k p">per, a^ it i ' But us properties, its fal-
lac es, us i ff ci^ nee 1 not be descanted on, we all
know them well enoush, the wn le comm imty
know them we 1 enough, to t eir or ow All the
good we can "sy of it is, that u d es lor facility;
that t well em eh in i s p ice, a a hai dmatd to
specie An 1 thai is VI we can say of i, all else is
neon i>« e An 1 we a e ig n to resort to such
mooi stur e, Ihn ugh he co opfrelitn .ind counle-
nance rf the B'ederal Government. Can that Go-
vernment work miracle^? make ficitn truth?
make money out of paper' No, sir, we can make
mon y out of nothing but labor of body or mind;
we must vioikfot it, we must earn it, we can-
not imagine it, we ca inot sit stilt and fancy we rk
into effect, we mmt perfoim it. Property of
every kind, includ ng gold and s Iv r, is the pro-
duct of labor, and >et we deceive ourselves by
fancy ng paper dt 1 ars and paper eaa'es in our
mind's tye. ?  silver dol irs aid goldtagle We
villi not work fir th n nest re an y b«t delude
our-xlves by ffl, k n¡  pr ,Tii ts of t u,t of paper.
Is tb'S wi  ?
Have we no* had pHced Lc-i< r* our v s¡on, ever
and over again, ¡he plan truth, as far as well col-
lated statistics can b ipIi d up n, ihat there is the
avii'ablo amttnt of fiom lojr to five thousand
mi lions of the precious rret¿- s in the. v o, lei? Ard
wo l'd rot our rescmrces, an 1 Ira le, and geneial
enterprise give i j the eqti iu sin e e t 11—bring it
to us, to the dim'mdeJ txte to! ihe currency—if
we did no ui fortunately sub u'uepapu? Mostun-
doubtedly Thrse are ¡ bm truths, bat it is not to
the interest of the ncorngib'e of the piper money
advecatts that the pe pi" shuukl une'erstand
thei >. What w 11 te ihe practical < peratiot s of
tni-i Fiscal Bank in restating the currency and
exchanges, whe'h-r th^. ceiiruer  o he scheme
menu it or n t? Will it be im U hie in the exer-
cise of the dansrrou-, pu'ers it possesses'? Will
it not, ne «ssanh, through itspap r-money issues,
ui.egula e ih= i ensii u'ional currency out of us
own natural tour e of i-ct on, uicplace i' in circu-
lan n by erp.ii d ng and comrictu a, by increasing
and dimmish tig th se i U"s, at ihe pleasure ot
tho e wh wish to agurandize themselves at the
expense if other people'  industry—reducing the
price of every thing for them to 1 uj in, and
advancing it for them to seil out—commanding
and eontr .tiling pronerty and labor as may sua their
desigi s' And vi 1 it not unregu ate, derange, the
natural course of exchangís, hrough the same ac-
tiin1 Will it not eiptnd, to facilitate inunda-
tions of fore gn m^rchandi>e to the discouragement
and detriment of our own manufsc ures—making
an advene balance of trade to dram away tl)9
