320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841-
27"fH Cong ••■1st Sbss.
Post Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps,
sunt.   The debt must be greater; and, sir, this
Congress will make it so, by impropriating
For fortifications -          -          -    $9,074,637 86
For outfits and ¡salaries of Minis-
ters      -           -           -          -          72 800 00
For naval ordnance, and ordnance
stores, &e.        -           -          -        600,000 00
For repairing Potomac bridge     -          15.P06 00
For Post Office Department         -        497 657 00
For funeral expenses of General
Harrison         -          -          *            3 0-8 09
tW sum of                                    #.¡,¿63,988 95
AdVd to the debt already created
of       ...                16,348953 66
me
ace 001-
Makfa'actual debt of -           • $19,612 942 61
entailed %n(he ennntry by this reform and relict
OoDgress. «,e appropriations of the last regular
sessjon oí Con^, wlU consume lne avenue of
he present year Hence thn dcbt of neal|
twenty imluons of Hlar>> mnst be cancel|ed Dy a
new tax upon ihe peop^ m ,ome form Y sir
a to npon impons-a-OTlfr ol dnUes. such a,
will give full, ample pro ecwn i-, the manure ur-
uig interests of the countiy, i3,]e írtcu, ^n(j a]1
acts of this Congress tend to the speed
phshment of that obpet
Mr. Pavne asked if these appropriation  weie
necessary at this unit? He thought not He
would not go into an examination oí all oí them,
he would lake the appropriation for ioitifWiions,
and the bill givn  «way the pioceeds of the public
lands, as samples of the rest
As to fortificatioüc. In rep'y toa resolution of
this House, calling upon ihe Sectetary of War to
furnish a slatement showing the amount of unex-
pended appiopnations for fortifications for the
year 1841, Mr. Bill says through ihe Chief Engi-
neer, that "according to the statement sent lo jou
lromtbis effice on the 28 h June, 1841, there re-
ma.ned unexpended ami applicable to fortifica-
tions, the sum oí #784,025 87.
He also bays that "the total amount of the es-
timates of the agents for the exptndilure on the re-
maining works, in the months of Apnl, May, and
June last, actually paid out or pledged, is $138,-
363 58. T'ns is an average expenditure oí #46,-
121 17 per month, and lhat, too, under an cnei-
geic prosecu'ion of the work. For Mr. Bell
tell  us, that "one of the hr,t acts of this (his) Dc-
partmtnt, after the 4th of March, at ting by ihe
authorny of ihe President, was lo direct i! at the
works on all ihe fortifications whuh weredee-ncl
of thefiiit importance, shmld be pr. <d foiwa d
wilh the utmost vigor and ('esputen " Not", ir,
you perceive, that at (he present rare of txpendi
tare under Mi B.il\ vigorous prost cut on of the
work on all ¡Ik Imiliuions, tluu was mo-
ney enough appropnated by the twentj ixih
Congress, to have prised Has woik with
the utmost vigor, until la e in the regular
session ol Congress. Why then this appropriation
of $2,074 639 86 at this called se.sion, which can-
not be expended before Confess meets at the neit
regular session? bir, to tins, inquiry lle'ic cm be
but one answer. It is to pu h ihe appropriation,
and expenditures of ihe Govunmenl lar biyond
the revei ues tha1 an apparent pietext may b= had
to raise the tariff lot p hposes of pre tt-ction.
Well, s r, of all the measures that ever p ssed
this or any other Congiess, ihe Disuibuuon bill is
the most < bjectionable and absuid. With a Trea-
sury exhausttd—wi h a national debt of nearly
twenty mil'i >ns ot dollirs, oieated by the presen'
Congress—withacnppledc rsmcrceand an embar-
rassed peopb, y u are giving away three or four
millions of dollars ann ial)/ of ths pubhc mo-
ney, which tu-n must be reimbursed by a n"w
tax upon the people Tne Secretary of the Trea-
sury has told the pcop'e tnat Mr Van Burén left a
debt of sixteen millions of dollar; >iu have
bo rowed twelve millions, and ye u rave appro-
priated at this Congress many millions more
Now, sir, with what s*nse or reason can you ju u-
fy yourseivss m giving away this money, at the
moment you need n most, to pay the debis of this
Government, which you have created1* Will yru
|ell tbe people that this gift will relieve ihem from
iheir embair«ssments? Sir, thty will want to re
informed h'w thev are to be relieved by it, and you
will be compe 1 d lo tell them. You cann t de-
ceive tbem much longei; and when thev do find
that you give away the money to the Sta*es, for the
double purpose of enhancing the value of State
s'ocks, now owned by sneculsvors, and of throwing
the whole burden of supporting this Government
upon the ctis'om-house revenue, they will spurn
with contempt the proffered bribe, and hold the
majority of this Con ress tiadly responsib'e for
this violation of individual ngh s. Suppose you
di.'ide three millions ol colla's among the Sac™,
and then collect three mtlliofsof dolíais from the
people, lo supply the deficiency created by the dis-
tribution, does this operation relieve them'! No,
si!, for t«o reason*: first, the money ¡riven to the
S ates does not go into the pockets of the people,
but into th<? treasury of th° S'ates, where, in mist
c^ses, it wi'l be unprofnably extended ard, se-
condly, the collection of this money from the peo-
ple is att-nded  uh great ex"en e ?nd tnuble
This is lhe beautiful operation of your sy tern,
you incur the trouble and expense ol coUeeung the
tax from t'e people, thit yi u may d>v de it out
am'ng the States Would it not b> m re econo
mical, sensible, and just, to let the mont-y
arising from ih* sale of the pubV, 'ands re-
main in the public Treasury to p?y the debts
*nd expetxliiures of the Government, and
at In  rpmi um ) ¡ct ,ho taxes remain m the pock-
ets of itK. peo, )ej y, u WOold rt least save the ex-
tiende of oolite ,onj an(] the unju t inequality of
distribution. All  Usl ag ee tha- it tros d. What
reason, then, prompts *. i,fkrent cour e S r, th-
reason is obvi ius, and muss w « hi, {r i, t0 with-
draw from the sU¡ p >rt (f this Qov'crnn  nt every
dollar n it d rived from customs That all yes
M", all the expen litures of tms {Joveriunent may
tall upon cos o-n-house revenue; which, it ccom-
plished, must mem ably create a preying neccasi-
tv for an mcieas> oí the ta iff Protec ,on to
Ndth-rn manufactures will be the consequence,
and is ihe end to be attained at eveiy hazard But
for this object we should never h^ve heard of dis-
tribution. It is an important Ink in the chain of
measures to break down t e old Republican doc-
trines of an economical administration of this
Goveinn ent, aud a íevivat of a pn teclive tariff,
and profligate sys em of internal improvement,'
nnder the new Mame < f disliibimon
My obj c in n ing «as to pía e myself ji oper-
ly before the countn, and to call Ihe attention of
th-people to nene t>n of Congr >s, in view of a
pio e' ive land Ha ng done mat, my object is
accoipphsl eil
Mr JiMrs of Pennsylvima r-p icd u uh =ome
seventy io ihe remarks of Mr TIpown on i ho ap-
poinlm nts m Mr. JS county it C .ester and wuh
still more waim h to lie reina i Its oí Mr Patnk
on Mi Gratgei'-, Abolition pie erantes. Hr
c mi nded for fr ed< m of thought, and de-
nounced with indignation the idea
petent n>an was not to be appointed
becaute he wak oppis d io slavery
P avow sin h a sentiment? Would
all Abohtio ust^
Mr Payne. I rise, ■ k, to" an explanation. I
wish it e futt dt-tincti) no el, th t ih« gci loman
fiom Pam'ylvani t .ilrni s M . Grang-r l > be an
Abohti nist H ikfenla hm «s af Ab h íonist.
Th" j e, thmin a-ks ^e if I wou'd pmsenbe an
Abohfoni ii Whal Pioscnbca ri id, an wcpn-
diary a ho iso,ll pply the u rch at midnig11 to my
dftuh.g, or eic le \ servile m urrcc-on? Yes,
sir, I wou d pr5s„!.be thrm I «ould put the brand
of Ca -i upon their—yes, the mark of hell. And
I tell the gen I in m, if sent by Vr Granger to
th  South, we w 11 hing t ,cm up like d gs, as they
elafervc f- be hung
that a crm-
fl peistma ter
Would Mr
he  proscribe
No-re I—Wr Pmrlneyírilreiílue-e 1 in die. Hon<!e of Ropre
senidtives, 11 the wintei of Ib3>ind6 pa e 311 a reeo tition
aaaiiisutie'a^oiilunor^ia.try 1 pa>t of wfiicb wis m these
worrts, va That m Ihe o, imon of thi  House Congress
ou?ht not to interfere many way with slavery in the District
ot Ooluiibia, because it woull be 1 vnlatioi of the public
laith, unwi-e, impolmc, ami lUnguous to the Union" A tji
vision was demanded ind agreed to and the mam quesnon
w s men put, that the (louse do agieewomuch of ihestcoid
división ofbaid resolution as is contained in tliese words, viz
and  That in the upmion of this Howe, Congiess ought not to
interfere in an/way with slaveiy in the District of Colum
bid.' and passeet—yeas 163, nays 47 " iranjis Grangei vot
mg in the negative
By voting against the above resolution, Mr Granger asserts
that Congress ought to interfere with slavery m the District
of Columbia He not only assetts the power to interfere with
slavery m said District, h Jt asserts, by his vote, that it ought 10
be done Could any Abolitionist go further upon this branch
of the subject?
Pa^e 14, samejoumal "The mam question was then put,
That the House do agree 10 so much of the third division of
said resolution as is contained within these words, viz "Be
cause it would be a violation of the public faith, unwise, mi
politic, and dangeious to the Union," and passed in the affirrria
tive—yeas 127, nays 75 Fiancis Granger voting in tbenega
tive
By voting against this division cf the tesolution, he asserts
bv thit vole that to abolish slavery in tin District of Columbia
would not be a violation of the public faith, unwise, impolitic
or unjust
V is difficult to eonce ve how any man coeld have gone fui-
therthan Fiancis Grangei, the ptesent Postmaster General, has
gone, mfavor of iht-odious designs of the Abolitionists there
ate various othei volt-s upon this same subject, touching the
light of petition, «fee m all of which heistiue to his Abolition
principles These votes, as sho^vn from the íecords of lhe
county, nvet the stain of Abolition upon the political teputa
tion of Mi Grangei, beyond the ^omt of c n il It appears that
Mr Gnngei has played a double game in this business—for if
he authouzed Geneial tfarnson to say that he was no Aboliiio/i
ist, it seems he was tetlmg the Abolitionists that he was one
In pioofofthis I submit the statement oí Mr Sawyei,which
appealed in the Fi lend of Man, an Abolition paper, to wn
"Mr Editor—Sit As tht public mmd is simcwhat agitated
in consequence of principle-, and opinions of the Hon i lañéis
Gianger, as lately developed in the person ol General Hamson
at Richmond, I have thought that peihaps it might not ba
amiss to bring firwird some ol Mr Granger s formei a^afi
tons soasiogiveMt Gianger to unde siand, as well asoiheis
tlia* lhe "string' is nolso fai "pulled in " as to prevent Nouh
em men laising the " latch ' occasionally, aud taking a ¡ etp
into the Cabinet of Tippeeanoe, tnd reminding its meml^is,
at least of then foi met declarations
"1st Mr Giangei has said that he had yielded tothe doctune
advanced by Mi ¡Stade in his late speech m regaid to the Dm
trict nfrnlumha and that the notion ol implied faith on the
piit of Virginia an 1 Maryland must be given up
21 ¡Mr Grangei has said, that whenever in coul 1 be prove
that slaveholders had called to then aid United Slates lio pq m
put down an insuritG ion on the part of the slaves against the 
whiles 01 whenevei H could be made to appear that Unitee
states tioops had been used to sustain or protect slaveiy thit
moment Congiess would have power to abolish slaveiy m the
dltlerent Stales "
"3 Ml Gianger ha3 said thit colonization was one of the
gioatest Southern humbugs ever invented, and that longb^foie
Gei nt Smith got his eyes open on this subject, he had openly
teia tvowedly denounced this scheme, not only m the social cir
cle, but in public meeting
"4 Mr Oiangeisud if the Abohtioni&ls of Ontario county
gave him a liberal support in 1833, they never should have
cause toiegiet it t
' The sentiments set fot ill in the above, I had fiom Mr Grin
gel 'a own lips 1 have given his woids, as neai as I can lecol
leet iliem                                                             a   SAWYEK
"To tuooe who aie unacquainted with Mi Sawyer, thewntei
oí Lhii, communication let us say that Mi Sawyer was a mem
her of the Legislature ofthis State in lh39, and was known tobe
1 devoted Abolitionist, and he cast his vote for Mr Grangei for
lhe ofhte of United s iteiSenatoi Moreovet,we are as^med
that in lotO lie iry W 1 aytor, who received the entire Abolí
tion vote of Ontai 10 county, also voted for Mi Gianger a fu t
we think, eonclu He in pioof that Hie Abolitionists of Ontjno
ihi n for some le 11,011, ha 1 coi fi lence m Mr Grangei
[Vditoi Fu end of Man"
I sulmit tin    evidente, in pi oof of Mr   Granger n Aboil
tionism 10 Ihe Amoiicsii pcoplt, without further com netu
N jte 2 —Mi   Grangei appointed 10 the office of Postmastei
in  Top field, Massaihusetts, Willnm E Kimbai!, an Abolí
llonist of the deepest die, and of the Gamson set ool     In p,oof
0! this  I submit the certificate of feamuel Iones, Secretary of
the lopsfield Antl Slaveiy Society, v z
' Topsfifcd, September 8, 1841
"I hereby certify that William K Kimball is a member ol the
Topsfteld Antl S'avery Society—that hewas chosen president
of the Sieiety at the commencement of said Society m 1839,
and further state that ihere has been no alteration m the otfaers
since that time lheiefoie, according to our coistnutlon, he is
piesident of our Society atthepiesenttime
"The above named William b Kimball is nowPostmasterof
this town
S«ÜCl TONES, Secretary A  S  S"
Mr Giansrei appointed Mr   Kimball Postmaster over the re
guiar Whig candidate, 01 applicant for tiiat office    In pioof of
tins, I s ibmit he following cei tificates, viz
' TopsriELD, Septembei 8,1841
"We, the undeisiined, do hereby certify that a large and re
^pet table number ol Whig  of this town, last Apul petitioned
his iiotioi Frtncis Grangei, Postmaster Geneial, that he would
remove Mi Edwaid Hood, the then piesent postmastei of ihis
town andappomt \lr Kiehard Phillips |un tothatolhce We
also hereby ceitiiy that we have coi fidence in the Whig prmci
pits of Mi Phillips He was elected last fall vice president of
ihe Hairison Association He is now chairman of the Town
Yv hig Committee in this town We also state that we conside-
íed Mr Phillips the Whig candidate for postmaster for ihw
'own, and had he been ap Pointed we believe the appointment
woulil have given satisfaction to the Whig paity in Topsfield
Mi William E Kimball an Abolitionist, was aopomted, instead
of the Whig e andit'ate
H A MlRRIAM,
I BltADoTliCEf,
N    ( OSJAN1
H Batcheldei*,
Cyrus Weester,
Zacchecs Gould,
AllAM WELrSlAN,
Sasilet  H  Peeled,
WtrLIAM HtlBBAED,
Eeenezer Eastm us,
Edw'd Bixly "
"See Mr Giddmgs's speech
fSS Ahohuoiiists gave Mr Granger their undivided euppott
m1838                                                                                   r
