July, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
S83
27th Cong......1st Sess.
Duties and Drawbacks—Mr. Campbell.
H. of Reps.
tify the channels of internal commerce throughout
the whole Union, there is no people on the face of
the globe more capable of living within their own
resources. Rely upon it, it is the best policy both
of the North and West not to convert profitable
customers into successful rivals.
What interest has the West in a protective tariff
that will compensate her for its disadvantages? Her
salt and iron are heavy of transportation, and with
a moderate revenue duty, her distance from the
ocean insures her from foreign competition in these
articles. Does she want protection for her lead or
hemp? Her prolific mines ahd bountiful soil en-
able her to produce those articles with so much fa-
cility that she needs no pro'ection for them. She
now carries on n profitable trade with the South
mutually beneficial, and Í will ask if all the advan-
tages combined which she din expect from a pro-
tective tariff, will compensate her even for the par-
tial injury of that tr<tde? She wants capital and
population; ¡hen, why advocate a system the effect
of which is to prevent emigration and concentrate
capital and population in the old States? I trust
that her Representatives will no! aid in re-esta-
blishing an iron policy, the fetters of which have
been broken so manifestly to the advantage of the
whole country.
The same ¡¡.ealleman invited us to go with him
to the top of the Allegheny mountains, and to look
over the extensive country beyond in want of pro-
tecting laws to build up domestic manufactures. I
am willing to accept his invitation. But it appears
to me thai when we should reach a point from
whence we could behold the far-spreading West, Í
would say to him, nature has legislated for this no-
ble region more wisely than man can—she has in-
scribed her laws upon your fertile valleys—she has
declared that, to be prosperous, you must, for the
present, be agricultural and commercial. Let not
her Representantes endeavor to icsist her man-
dates. Le! them not endenver to introduce m.o
that beautiful c-untry, a young giant in size, a
Hercules in strength, a species of industry that re-
quites a starving population for its support. T.et
them not attempt to convert her hardy population
into spinners ard wavers.
The territory of the West is still imperfectly set-
tled, many of her forests are still uncleared, and
much cf her ferule soil untrodden. la the cheer-
ful walks of agriculture, the husbandman finds
sufficient occupation and a bountiful reward for h s
industry. Let him not be temp'ed to desert his
smiling fields for the dust ami gloom of a manu-
factory, or to exchange the comfortable condition
of a landholder tor the situation of a hireling, de-
pendent on others for employment.
This state ot thing-; will not always continue.
When her forests shall have yielded to the axe;
when her territory shall be generally s< tiled, and
population shall have increased to an ex'ent that
the people can no ior.cer find profitable employ-
ments agriculture, they will turn their attention to
less mvjiin; pur>uit<, at.d manufactures will arise
without ih<? aid of pro'ecing laws, and flourish
without taxing other branches of industry for the.r
support.
I do not think it is neces«aiy to discuss at ia'ge
upon thi-s occasion the principles of a protective
tariff. I trust that no previous legMatirn will ever
induce us O return to such a svMem. Happily, we
do not live under a Government of precedents, but
under a written Constitution tint was m'ende 1 to
limit our powers: .-.tullí we discover that we have,
on any ptevious occasion, ov-rleap d 'he bounda-
ries of that Cotia 'nn-o. oc IcgMat-d i< r parh.-l
objects, u should render us nore cautious not lo do
so again.
Other Government are forrr.el for the most
part from history and  .pir,euce. Under them,
the principal obstacles opposed to eiiccac'iments
on the rights of the people, aie cienvtd f:om im-
memorial usages, or such acknowledgments of
popular rights as have, at different ¡mies, been ex-
torted from ¡he unwilling hand.- of power. ¡" Go-
vernments having no other checks, it is essential to
national liberty that precedents should have the
force u' constitutions. Not so with us. AH the
powets that we can legitimately exercise are de-
rived from a written Constitution.    Here no abu^e
can be sanctioned by use, nor rendered by prece-
dent a matter of right.
The most dangerous parties which can exist in
this Confederacy, are tho.-e that are divided by sec-
tions; and, in a. country of such extended surface
and such various interests, there is no assumption
of power so much to be deprecated as that which
assumes to regulate individual industry. Sir, I was
a member of the 21st Congress. I- was then a
very young man. I hope never to sea the scenes
revived which I then witnessed on this floor. I
hope never to see the day return, when local inte-
rests will usurp in this Hall the place that should
be consecrated to patriotism and virtue. Let us
resist the influence of such feelings. Let us, in
legislating for ihe American people, forgrt that we
belong to particular sect;ons. Let oar motto be
"our country," ard, wi'h'his motto, we will ad-
vance under the banner of the Constitution to
great and enduring prosperity.
[Mr. Címfeei.l here gave notice that he intend-
ed, when in order, to propose two addilional sec-
tions as an amendment to the present bi'l, the effect
of which would be to authorize the Government
dues lo be collected in confrrmity with the jomt
resolution of 1816, and sent lo the Chair the fol-
lowing, which was read for information:]
"Andheit fu-nher enacted. That the iSecrelaiy of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is authorized and requited to
cause, as soon as may be, all duties, taxes, debts, or sums of mo
ney accruing or becoming payable lo the Tin.ted Slates, tobe
collectjdandpaiitin the heal curtency ot the United .Slates, or
Treasury ¡ otts, 01 the iiott^ of banks which aie payable ami
paid on demand in the said letrat cmrency of the Tinned States,
and that he be also author zed and requited to demand oi the
banks respectively, at ieast once m every ninety days, payment
in specie of alt balances of their notes that may lcniam ¡n the
Treasut y of the tlniied States.
"And be it further enacted^ That so ¡pitch of the ÍOdi sec-
tion of the 'Act lo piovide foi the collecnon, safe keepmif,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,''approved
July 4th, 1340. as requires 'that from and after the jO'h .Tint'*.
ibt-3, every officer orairenter sailed m making disbuisemeuts
on accountofthc t%ntrd i^iat^s. oi 01 the ilrneral I'o-t Olfire.
shall'oak-1 ail pa\nvn:s in °o'd and silv;n only.' be, and the
same is heieby, lepeab'd.''
¡Mr. C. said thai, asunder the sirirnet.t rule
which had been adopted during the prs'nt sesión,
for ihe regulation of debat  m Committee of the
Whole, he would, probably not mv-e an opportu-
nity of exprcss-ng himself ,-iyain on the proposi-
tion that had j us; been real, he wcr,.W embrace, 'he
opportunity ot submitting a few observation* upon
it during the remnant of the trur to which he was
entitled.
I have endeavored, Mr. Chairman, said h", to
argue myself into a thorough advocacy of t^e
financial measures of the late administration, bu',
so string have been my convictions of the inexpe-
dienc';, in the present condifon ot thj country, of
requiring specie exclusively in payment of the pub-
lic dues, that T have fplt myself compelled, in Ihe
conscientious discharge of my duty, to stand not
enly isolated on ihis fl or from th.- p.ittv wiih
whom I have genenlly acted, but, stilt mote pain-
ful to vote against what, at onetime, aupr-.ired to
be the almost unanimous voice of the Stale J have
the honor in purt to represent.
The cardinal principle ef the   Sub-Treasury—
tfre   separation   of the   Government fun'1."'   orfi
banking or commercial  purposes, I have always j
thought to  be. correct iii  principe, ¡ir.d n ver en-
tertained a  doubt   that,   it   fairiv   curi-d o t. it  j
would prove beneficial in   practice;   and had the
late adminntr.atienUmite.t rs a-'ion upon th". sub-
ject to a measure so salutary and so eo^genisl with
the spirit  oí our   iiviiutuoi"., í   bel eve   t'"s'.  it
would now have  h-rn   in   rotver.    For,  n-i;;;^:
c'aiming for it an exemption Irom imperfection'. 1
defy you to lay ;'onr finger up.n a'single measure
recommended by  tha' sidmiiiistv.'-tion, except ihe
rigorous one which I pot? proer.se to  repe-xi, K?t
wa? calculated to have deft'i'ved it of >V< support of
anv considerable p.-riion  of the c:ca'  R-'pnbbran
party of inn country. An ' yrumtt-1 r-> .vnlv hrv,-
too much resp:ei for the intpllisenc- of th  neo-.'c, to
believe that, the s'nsu'ar speech of our late l.omrn'rd
fellow-member, [Mr. Osi.e.] in which  he >.rew an
imaginative  picmre of the goiaeous sry-rd' rs rf
the Presidential  niaPsioii, or h;--, smueing account
of diesnng "French tabour ts," alies ''rabby cat;-,"
in damask Silk, or the attempts -hat were made to
induce a belief thai so   pacific ami quiet ? man as
Mr. Van Buren designed by a large standing army
to usurp the liberties of the Union, with other ef-
forts to excite prejudices, combined with the really
JuJicrous and contemptible affair of the Florida
"sedentary militia," were sufficient to have pro-
duced a result in a Presidential election, upon
which depended not oaly the ascendency of party,
but the future policy, and perhaps prosperity, of
the country.
I say nothing of the distinguished individuals
who were selected by the different parties as their
candidates for the Presidency.   One of them, has
already gone to his grave with the reputation, of a
man who had long and faithfully served his coun-
try in peace and in war.    His acts are recorded in
her history, and his  memory is engraved in the
hearts of his countrymen.    The other is in retire-
ment; and ,-dihough, when on  the stage of public
life, ho did  not escape the censure of his oppo-
nents, I trust that he  now enjoys the esteem and
re.pect of all.    They were both probably entitled
to the confidence of the people; but whether so or
not, the  personal character of the President is of
much les? importance to the prosperity   of  the
cuntry than the principles of the party in power.
He is indeed but the agent of the party that sup-
ports him; and in our domestic relations, unaided
by a majority in Congress, is impotent to do good
or evil.    It is in our foreign relations that the in-
dividual charae'er of a President is most impor-
tnnt; and ¡hese, under ihe administration of Mr.
Van Buren, were conducted so judiciously and
successfully as to secure to him the confidence of
all parties.   I need not refer to his firm and pru-
dent policy in our delicate relations with Mexico,
in the early pan of his administration.   I  will
only   point  you   to  our journal, to   show   that
immediately   preceding   the   final   adjournment
of the  Twcaty-fif'h   Congress,  when war   with
one  cf ihe most powerful nations  of the globe
threatened,  momenlauly, to burst on. our Nortb-
eastein frontier, ten millions of dollars were placed
a. his disposal, with a provisionary power to raise
a large military force, to be used at his discretion,
for ihe defence of the country.    What triumph of
a Roman  genera!, with captive princes and the
spoils of conquered nations Ud in his train—what
'■¡vie honor, necieed by a grateful people to a be-
nefactor of his race, ever equalled, in moral subli-
mity, this tribute, in which all parties united, to the
patriot!.m of this  Republican President?    It was
an act hv which thrf piace of the country, the lives
of ihoiv anos, and  the prosperity of millions, were
entrnsi. j to one man.   The result is matter of his-
tory—the peace of the country was preserved, and
its honor.
It gives me pleasure, sir, to remind you of this
tribute to tho public virtues of Mr. Van Buren,
who, I believe, understood the true theory of our
Government as well as any man who has ever oc-
cupied the Presidential chair. I have said enough,
st all events, to convince gentlemen that his defeat
in th' late f lection is not to be attributed to objsc-
tions to hire, personally, and, unless we can find
some ether measure of his administration calcu-
lated to have produced the effect, it is fair to attri 
lyde his downfall to that measure which we all
know esci'e d great apprehension, which, whether
pxfgserr.t-il or not, whether imaginary or real, ex-
tr. ise ' an «.emaily potent influence over public
o'iinion 'n p.odncins the result.
' In. ntoreeiUng to discuss the amendment which
1 h-ive given notice I would effer, I will, as much
¡;. po>si\'le, avoid a reiteralion of arguments which
have at previous Corg'esscs been presented upon
this -.uV-j--ct. i>nd endeavor to present views to some
?xtent original v'ith myself, some of which are par-
t-cularly applicable to that section of the country
which Í 'hi.- ediately represent.
Too ¡.-..-c!- has been said of the effect which
the requirement of specie exclusively in pay-
ment ot the public does, is calculated to produce
upon the circulation of bank notes—a medium that
¡\- universally received in this country in exchange
for propetty and laaor—to render it necessary
for me to dwell upen that point. All admit that
the tendency of such a measure is to diminish their
circulation.
Many, however, believe that, in proportion as
paper is driven out of circulation, the effect of this
