August, 1841.
27th ConG""1st Sfss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2S
Western armory—Mr. lleyrtulds.
H. of Reps.
be enlisted, and, in proportion as the public depo-
sits mcrea e, this evil influence would be in-
creased—an influence most baneful to the pro-luc
tive classes who pay the taxes and constitute the
true ba«is of the wealth and prosperity of the
country
So far as the question of deposite is concerned,
we have but two things to consider—fi st, safety oí
the pubhc money, and, secondly, convenience and
economy in making disbursements; and whether
the public money is specially dept sited in banks for
safe-keeping until wanted, or kept in the eustoly
of public officers, as 14 provided for by the existing
Independent Treasury law, is a question of mere
detail, involving no principle.
When the Sub-Treasury bill was under discus
sion, it was evident that the ultras of all parties
desired to see the specie clause inserted. The De-
mocrats, because they believed that without it the
law would be valueless, that it would be a thing
without vitality—1 body «ithout a soul. Tbe
Whigs also regarded ihe specie feature as its omg |
conservative principle, not because they thought it
would prove beneficial in itsoperation, but because
they thought the dec sion of the people would be
against it, and that they would come m o power
upon the downfall of those who had been it> chief
promoters. And if the people are now, which f
trust they are nr t, prepared to bend their necks to
the yoke of a United folates Bao-k, it is because of
the reaction of sentiment occasioned£by ihis mea-
sure, and which was so great that ihe whole coun-
try peeviotis to toe l?te «lection rang with ihe party
v.B.1 cry of "any change must be for th  better "
I have oftei heard ihis measure recommended
to tne support of ihe manufacturers, upon ihe
ground tha', by diminishing the cireu anon of
bank paper, and producing low nominal prices in
this countr>, it woa'd tend to reduce the amount
of forugn ímporiVions and give to them the do-
mestic market. If I was the representative of a
manufacturing district, I do not know what írfli.
ense this argument might have upon my mmd, for
it is not without foundation But it is an argu-
ment ag'im«t which, as a representative from a
planting State, I protest, for it is m direct conflict
with the principles of free trade upon which, at tbe
South, v e suppose that our interests depend Even
when importations are greater than expi r ations so
as to place the exchange aeamst ihif country, the
tendency is to iicr<-ase the demand ftr anl to
raise the pnces of our export5; because, to pay for
the surplus oi imporiaiions, ^nr cotton, rice, ?nd
tobacco come into reqii ltion, a'd the difference
of the exenange is added to the pric of those art -
e'es. I have also hea d the specie requirement
recommended to ihe support cf Southern p'anteis
up:m preuy n>u^h tr>e ^¡re argument, to wn that
its effect w^u d Le, by reducing ire quantity of
bank paper in Glioma i n, 10 lo*er prices in ihe
domes ic market whert they purchased, while the
price of their staples would net be affected in the
foreign market where they sold I have been sur-
prised to hear sixi an arg tment advanced in the
face of so obvio is a proposition as that ' restric-
tions upon impo"ation operate as a chick upon
exportation ' But a Bin, foi the sake of argu
ment, it 31 the demand for our staples 1-- not af-
fected abi ad b/ resliamb upon impoita'ions,
dees n every Sju h^rn gentleman krow that there
are coai^iratively kw ef our planters who can, on
taeir oun acc-u-it, afford to ship their crips to
foreign m&iki is? A 1 our sma.l farmers are com-
pelled to sell at ihe village markets in their respec-
tive neighbor  jods, where the abundance or
scarcity of money alwa>s increases or reduces the
competition among th purchaser"., and either adda
to 01 takes from the probab !uv of fill prices
Tie time has not amved for the specie
clause of ihe Suo-Treasury law to go into
full operation, but the ume hi  arrived «hen
it mus.' be repeal d The people have dectd d
against it, and I invite mv Democratic friends to
unite with me in giving effi-acy to iheir will It
mayaliCiJy be too late to prevent th  evil, but,
rely up )ti it, if we reíase to repeal this obnoxious
measure, we s|j,i 1 indirectly aid in the establish-
ment of a Urited S ate- Bank—an ins nution not
necessary either to the collection, safekeeping, or
disbursement of the rcvemu—?n us 1 uuon ihe
direct tendency of which is to central /e, capital at
particu'ar points to the disadvantage of large sec-
tions of the country—an institution which, if char-
tered, notwith^tandrng that the- flag of repeal has
already, m anticipation, been -pread to the breeze,
will be irrevocably fix d upon the country, for it
will not only continue throughout the whole term
of ita charter, but, with ex ensive means at com-
mand, it will so intertwine its operations with the
business of the country as to render it difficult, if
not impos-stble, at any future ume, to refuse to it
a recharter, without producing a commercial
revulsion
Mr Campbell conterded that the adoption cf
the measure which he proposed wou'd hold ont a
strong inducement to ihe solvent Wanks to resume
specie-payments and restore a sound circulating
medium to ihe country, and was proceeding to
show that the present derangement in the currency
aros  frim a concurrence of circumstances beyond
the control of a United Sta'es Bank, when the time
a'loited by the rule recently adopted, which limits
tbe «p eeh of a member to a single hour, expired,
and he resumed his seat.
SPEECH OF MR. REYNOLDS,
OP ILLINOIS
In the House of Representatives, August 31, 1841__
On ihe subject of a Western Armory.
Mr Speiker  I   will promi«e the   House two
hmg , no politics and a short addres , both of
«Inch, no doubt, will be desirable.
I'is right and proper, i>nd it is due to this na
Won, 11 cs ablish an armory on tbe Western wa-
urs
I disagree wi'h the gent'eman [Mr. Irwin of
Penn ylvami,] that this is a Weste n measure
Although it may bs located in the West, it belongs
to ihe nation; ard not exclusively to the West,
more than to any other section of the Union
Arms are a necessary meaas cf national defence,
and we cannot exist as a natioa without them
In the the defence of our countrj, there is nothing
sectional or limited to the West or East In the
case of war, and also in the defence of the coon
try, the whole nanon must be considered a unit,
having n > separa'e par s or sections, but an enure
mdiv ub'e whole
A musk't for example,  made  in  the   Kin ot
We=t, wou d it have any s etionahty in 1'    A g >H
musket would be the same, ro maiter where it v,
made
This propo^iiion 1 emg conceded, th  manufac
ture of arms must b? national, and cannot be
sectional m any manner whfever.
Mr Ppe 'ter, I believe it is c«nceded by almost
every one on th s floor, that it is necessary to con-
tinue the manuf cu>-e of publ c arms. Some do-
cuments have been read to s'-ow that there are
rso'e srms at th s ti ne in the United S ates, than
are \n Enrían 1 or France, tn proportion to tne
number of psople
The nature of our Government, and our means
oF defenct are qui e different from tho^e countries.
Our ma n dependence for our defence is on the
militia, and no> on as'anding army, as s the ¡ase
in tne Eiro^ean Governments Ojr mililtaaie
the c t zen soldie's who are d sper^ed all over the
Union, and m a ¡y ca e of p- l or imminent dan
ger, we mej have <* sudcen call for ihe use of
arm0, so lhat "cce s to tne remo e arsenals or
armories would b" 100  low frvr ihe oc'as  n.
I would cay, it will be much ! etter to have too
man', arms, than too fea L°t ai y tne rel^c* on
th  penlou -i'iia ion of Geri al Jackson, a*i'the
army dur ig the la t war, at New Orle-ai^, for the
want of arms To deficiency of arms on that
me-norab'e occasion ei da ger the arm}, the eity,
and the wb 1 e Smuhwpstpm frontier
It would b" a bad calculation as to dollars and
cents, human ty being exrmp1 fr ill ibe considera-
tion, to endanger an armv and the country again,
for ihe saving of a few dollars m the manufacture
of arms The arms, if not needed, will remain
m tbe con 1 ry They are not perishable By
proper care, they wi'l las' for ages, and be always
ready for the defence oí the country.
Althojgh war may not be at this time certain,
yet no one wi I say that our relations with Great
Britain are of the most friendly character. That
nation is encroaching on us, as she is on all other
nations who come within her sphere of avarice
and cupidity. We have difficulties with ber that
may force us into a war. It is true that the Eng-
lish are now settled on our territory towards the
mouth of Columbia nrer; that nation has posses-
sions and forts on our soil in that region of coun-
try The dispute in relation to the boundary in
Maine is not yet adjusted. They adhere to iheit
construction of the treaty with such pertinacity, that
it seems nothing le«s than a war to drive them out
of North America will satisfy them It is very
probabie it will require the same argument, the
force of arms, to get them removed from our soil
at 1 it month of Columbia river.
They have not abandoned either the right or the
practice of the search of our vessels on the ocean.
This is the old bone of contention, and if they do
not abandon the pracuce the United States will be
compelled to force them to a proper sense of their
duty.
The celebrated case of MeLeod is yet on hand.
If that individual is even released, or acquitted,
ihe outrage committed by autuonty of Great Bri-
tain on oar territory and people, is not yet adjusted
by that Government, The American people will
never remain quiescent under that indignity and
injury offered to our country The destruction
0 the ptoperly and lives of our peaceable ciuzeus
must be atoned for, in some manner, by the Eng-
lish Government
IfMcLeod should be convicted, as I presume
he oogM to be, that may provoV a nai If the
tac o wul jus 1 y tne convicuon, I ba\e no doubt
ih? leople if tne country wne'e he is tried will
hue ile firmness and moral courage to execute
ihe law  on hm line any other offsnder. Ihepe
and trust, under all and any circumstances, the
laws of the country will find men of sound princi-
ples and honest hear's sufficient to execute them.
It a war should be forced on us, on the>-e conside-
rations, it wilt be popular, and our militia will
stand in need cf arms commensurate with their
courage and willingness to use them in tbe war
I am informed, Mr Speaker, that under «he
provisions of the amendment from the S naU ' e
Pr siient will ba bound to s 'ect the site or 'he
a^iory from the lepws of engineer* maele in tVe
j ear 1824, when a 1 the Wes em S'ates were not
exammed by the engineers, and lepor ed < n I
would pre er the amendment of the ge t leman
frrm Vi gima, [Mr Summers ] It is in the fol'ow-
in  words
' A su able fcits on the Western waters foi the es ablisfement
of a ÍNational Aitmry, a sum not exceeding $5,000 and the
Presilent of the Li ite1 Sutes is heieby authorized to cause
sucti selection l he ma lu and to communicate all the proct-ed
nigs which may be had heiem to the Congiess of the United
folates, to be subject to it& approval
Yet, if this amendment cannot succeed, I would
still vo*e for the measure. Even ¡f it should be se-
lcc ed a* Pittsburg, I would prefer thft selection,
than to ha\e no armory in the Western country.
We cannot regard the West, m time to come, as a
section of the Union In a few years, the mass of
tne people, ihe 'trensib, po ver, and energies of the
Go/errmert, will be west of the Alleghany, and
ea-t of the Reckv mountains Tne cenie of the
population, weal h, bu mess, and enterprise of the
people of the Unii-d Stales will be on the Missis-
s pp , and the old States, comprising the narrow
slip of tand between the mountains and the Atlan-
tic, will torm the "Far East," and remote regions
of the Un on The old Siaes will then b  cal'ed,
as we-itenov., "a section of the United States "
The Atlantic and Paeifie cceans v-ill then be c e-
sidered almost equi distant for commercial pur-
pose*, fror  the centre of the country, aod be u>ed,
perhaps, equally al ke in our commerce
No eartnly power can arrest the tide of emigra-
tion to the W i Tie natural advantages of the
country, and the free and equitable Governments
fermed in it, eiuse this emigration, and it cannot
be, by lrgislamn, or otherwise, prevented,
while man has tie p^wcr to choose between a bar-
ren and iertile land
There is no country on the globe equal to the
