August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
27th Con®.... 1st Spss.
Public Lands—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
absolutely as if it«had named it, that precise cession
Ml of the Senator from 8_>uth Carolina, which the
Senator from Virginia considers as now killed off
forever! Is not this flat contradiction between ihe
Senator's speech and voief and is not the effect a
fraud upon the new States? a most tiniigh eons and
fatal fraud, by which they are to be cheated out of
the future cession of any p<«t of these lauds, upon
any term', while holding in their hands a law of
Congress as a pledge in favor of such cession.
Again: (he gentleman votes -for this bill because
ii settles the whol« land quevion—takes it out of
Congress—relieves us from future legislation about
land —-and gives to the national domain the desti-
nation which it is forever to follow. He votes for
it for this reason, and yet here is a p'edge that this
b 11 shall not be cods rued to the prejudice of any
future exposition of the land', or any part of them,
that tíongre-s shall think proper to make! This is
a third pledge in. the bil —one vital to the new
S ates—and the gentleman votes for it. Yet he
crns'ders the pledge nothing! ihat the bill is final
and conclusive' that it precludes future li gislation
—gives te the lands ft eirfi"al destination—and to-
tally prevents any future disposition of them by
Congress. I not ih>s a contradiction between the
vote and ihe spesch? and is not the effect a fraud—
a cruel and vaH fraud—by which the new S'ates
are seduced into the passage fcf a bill which is in-
t nded to prevent what it solemnly pledges itself to
grant?
Yes, sir, this is what the bill say. the«e the
pledges which it contain", and without which no
Western member—no member from the new Stales
—could venture, or dare, to vote for it. The votes
of. Western member  are obtained by the e
pledges, the bill a, passed by votes obtained upon
(besa pledges, the pledges are vital to the new
S ates—indispensable to their welfare, prosperity,
and independence—independable to their salvation
from the tyranny and lapacity of the old Siaies,
now become their cruel masters' Yet, m the very
act of giving these pb-dges, by which the gentleman
passes the bill, and clutches the money of the new
States, he (ells you that these pledges are nothing !
that they are far worse than nothing ' that they are,
in fact, the contrary, in effect, of what they are in
words ' and that, notwithstanding this legal bond
given by Congress m favor of future graduation,
fature cession, and future discretionary disposition
of these public lands, the game is np—the thing is
at an end—all is done with! they have got our
money ' and they laugh at the pledg s up'ft which
they obtsin i ' This is the plain meaning and
effect of the gentleman's speech—not his words—
but their fair effect. And is it to be wonder-
ed at that my feelings are roused? that I feel
ind gnant, and that [ tpeak the language of indig-
nation? Far ftorn wondering at thii, the real and
snecial wonder is at the silence of the members
from the new States who voie for this bill, and with-
out whose vote it cannot pass. The wonder is that
these gentlemen sit still, and remain silent under
these disclosures, that th y do notn e up, denounce
the fraud of wlush the* are the dupe, reclaim the
sanction of these pledges by which they are de-
frauded of their votes, and ¡efuse to go on, unless
these fital in entuns and mental reservations are
renounced. The wonder is that they do not spring
from their seats, address themselves to all the sup-
porters of this bill fro« the old States, demand of
them the instant declaration oí tleir intentions,
and whether they a'l intend to tieat as nullities the
tiree express guarantees inserted for the new States,
and without which no member from those States
could ever venture to vote for the bill. This should
be the wonder, and not that I am indignant at the
manner ir which we aie treaied
Ihe gentleman from Virginia [Ml Rives] has
quoted some resolves of a late General Assembly
of his State against my Graduation bill, and aga.nst
all future reductions of ihe price of the public
lands He quoted them with great app'ause, and
gives to them his mo it heaity support. I am soiry
(or it—both for the res lve> themselves, and the ap-
plause bestowed upon them by him I am sorry
to see the noble State of Virginia—the mother,
guardian, friend, and protector of the young States
of the West—sorry to see her descend from her
lofty position, to follow the lead of Rhode Island,
Connecticut, and Vermont, in clamoring for the
spoils of the new States, and committing injustice
in order to obtain them. The graduation principie
is just' opposition to it is unjust1 and mercenary
opposition is degrading' Every State in the Union
contains land not worth one dollar and twenty 6vú
cents per acre. Every State contains such laid,
and no one more than Virginia. That great S ale
would be unoccupied to the extent of near one-
third of her territory, at this day, if one dollar
twenty-live cents per acre had been fixed as the mi-
nimum price of her lands. I have in my hand an
abstract of a late assessment of her taxable pro-
perty, in which, with all their improvements, and
hundreds of years after the sett'ement of the State,
whole counties are averaged from seventy cents to
eighteen cents per acre; and part of which I will
read to the Senate, to show to the gentleman the in-
justice of the resohe which he has applauded, and
the effect upon Virginia herself, if her own lands
had been so'd by the rule which she prescribes for
others.
Extract from tlie table of assessed lands m Virginia
Counuce               Ko ofAcres    Average Value
Tyler       -                                   935,817            68 cents
Tazewell           •         -         -     894 324            33   do
Pcott       ...               609644            44   do
Russell    -                             .1268 271            24   do.
Randolph          •                   . 1636 301            23   do
Patrick    -                              -     707,138            71    do
Lewis      -                                   694 573            56   do
Leo                                          1810857             18   do
Kenhawa                                  2,930 566            34   do.
Giles                 •                    ■     720133            48   do
Grayson -                             •     274,717            27   do
Here, continued Mr. B. is a return of as.¡ ssed
values of Virginia lands, eleven counties, contain-
ing more than twelve millions of acres, constituting
the one-third pari of the -superficial contents of ihe
S ate; and the highest average of which is seventy-
one cents per ?ere ' a fraction over the one half of
the minimum price of Congre*sland, and the price
at which the enemifs of graduated prices m'end
to hold all the public lands What would have
b?en the condition of Virginia to day if her lands
had baen held up at that price? A wilderness—an
unoccupied wilderness—to the extent of a third, or
perhaps, a half of her entire domain' and what
would be the condition of the new States, subjected
to the same arbitrary price1 Just the same. Cen-
turies hence they would have millions of unseated
and unsold lands. Centuries hence they woa'd
have millions of waste land For every State in
the Great West, even the richest of them, possesses
land of graduated qualities, from the finest qual ty,
to the meanest, and to that which is worth no-
thing. Every State possesses Door land, and if one
uniform price is demanded for the whole, a large
part is condemned to perpetual barrenness—perpe-
tual waste—parpstual deprivation of an owner's
care and a cultivating hand. And yet this is what
the Virginia resolve against my graduation bill
would bring upon the new Sates. It is the in-
justice, fo unworthy of her ancient noble cha-
racter, whirt she would commit, and it is
the injustice to which the new Slates will
never submit They will never submi' to it.
They have a right to the purchase of the lands a
prices adapted to their value. That right exists
independent of this bill, but is also guarantied m
i>: and the s heme of treating these guarantees as
nulli'ies will fail m the trial, and b'ing confusion
on its authors. Tae new States will protect then
right-, and Virginia herself, cutting loose from the
rear of Rhode Island, Connecticut and Vermont,
will astain rcsu-ne her noble attitude, and become
the liberal and enlightened friend of ihe new
States of the West.                                    .
Mr B. said the friends of the graduaürn policy
hai been m the majority for a long time in the Se-
nate, and might soon be so again. The leader m
the present Congress, and the author cf the Distri-
bution bill, [Mr H Clay ] was even for it himself
two years ago, and proposed a section to his Dis-
tribution bill of that session, carrying the gradua-
ted price's down to fifty cents per see. He made
it the first section in his b.ll in January, 1839, and
why is it not in hi? bill now? His bill contains a
pledge for it hereafter. Why not grant it now?
Why the promise m place of the deed? His sec-
tion was a good start, and may be improved upon
to accomplish all that s desired I will read it to
the Senate, and before I sit down I Will move the
recommitment of the bill, with instructions to
amend it by the adoption of this section; and un-
less the Senator from Kentucky votes against his
own work, I am certain that we shall carry it.
This is the section which he offered:
"In Senate of the United Stvtes,
'January 9,2839
"Amendment proposed by Mr Clay of Kentucky to the
bill providing for the reduction and graduation of theprice
of the public lands, to wit Strike out all after the enattmg
clause and insert thefollowmg
"Thai, where any of the public lands of the United States
have remained unsold for the space of fifteen years after the
termination of the public sales, the same may he entered and
purchased fay actual settlers on the following terms and condi-
tions, to wit If a settler is desirous to purchase, for his resi-
dence, eighty or les« than eighty acres, he may enter and pur-
chase the same at fifty cents per acre, if he is desirous to pur-
chase a quantity over eighty acres, and not exceeding one bun-
dled and sixty acieb he may efttei andpuicbase the same at
seventy five cenu per acre, and if he desires to purchase a
quantity over one hundied and sixty acres, and not exceeding
thiee hundredand twenty acres, he may purchase the same at
one dollar per acre, but no settler shall purchase a greater
quantity than three hundred and twenty acres at a price below
the minimum of one dollar and a quarter per acre, as how es-
tablished by law "*
Here,sir, ¡s graduation, that detested thingwhich
is now forever killed by the bill which contains a
pledge in its favor. This section is the first in the
Land bill of January, 1839, and shows that the
Senator from Kentucky and bis friends, (for Ihey
all voted with him,) were then in favor of my bilí.
Why are tbey now against u? Why omit it in the
p cscnt Distribution bill, after inserting it in one
two years ago? Why this change' Why, except
that the members from the new States, without whose
votes it could not pass, have taken the promise tor
the deed, and dispensed with ihe fact of gradua-
tion, for Ihe pledge which the bill contains? I
hold then  responsible, for they could have made
ivtat terms they pleated. They could have pre-
scribed iheir own terms. And here I owe an apo-
logy to the Senator from Michigan who sits nearest
me [Mr. Woodbridge] I promised him Ihat we
should save an important amendment if he would
b and by me. He did stand by me, but the amend-
ment was lost I failed in my calculation upon
the Virgiaia Senators
Sir, there is no difference between raising the
price of new lands, and keeping up the price of old
lands. Keeping up the price of old lands is raising
the p' ice, for it raises bad land to the price of good
land. It is all tyranny and injustice, and must be
resis'ed as sum Look to the eighth clause of the
Declaration of Independence Yuu will there s>ee
that raising the price of land, and thereby prevent-
ing emigiation to the Colonies, was one of ihe
causes of complaint against the King of Great Bti-
tam And now let our new masters—the old
Slates of ¡he Atlantic board—take heed how they
give us the same cause of complaint We mean
to have justice, and under that head comes gra-
duation, good pre emptions, cession, (if we can
agree upon ihe terms) grants like that of Ohio,
equitable settlement of old claims, and restoration
of the lana revtnae to it-  national destination.
Upon these ternM, the new and the old Slates will
be in harmony, wiihout them, they will be in dis-
cord.
lüe Senators from Virginia justify their vote by
assjming a position which facts condemn. They
say the new States will seize all these lands to the
exclusion oí the old ones, aud therefore it is ne-
cessary for the oil States to seize them first. The
Sena'oi from Arkansas [Mr Sevier] gave a full
answer ¡o this derogatory assumption, he showed
i' tobe «nfoundid and gratuitous, I will add,
that it is contradicted by the whole tenor of cur
conduct and speeches—that none of us claim tkese
lands a-5 the property of the new States—thai the
*\lr Bentost "noved the recommitment of the hill, within-
Hucuonsui amtndltby adding Mr Clay's graduation eoc
lion, which wax lost by the fnllownw vote
YEis—Meisii Allen, Benton Gilhoun Clay of Alabama,
Cuihbeit Fultoi, King Linn, McRoberts Montón iMcholiOo,
Pleice Sevier, «miih of Connecticut, sturgeon, lappan,
Walke'i  Willi tmi Woodbuiy, Wriaht ami young—21.
Nays'—Me^re Aicher, Banow, Da e« Bavard, Remen,
Buchanan Cliojte, Clay ol Kenucky,Ciauon, Dixon Evan ,
Graham, Henderson Hu ltington, Kerr, Maneum, Merrick,
Miller, Moiehead, Phelps, Poiter, P,entis«, Pre«ton, Rivtf,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, gouthaid, TaUmadt,e \Vtti.e,
and Woodbridge—30
