APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
27th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Public Land?—Mr.  Benton.
Senate.
c .nú to that effectsat up by two or three Wfs em
politicians some years ago, was condemned by
everybody—and ibat, so far from sewing u¡-o i
thiie lands, we have often proposed, and repeated
the proposition m an amendment offered to this
very bill, to pledge the proceeds of the public
lands lo the noble purpo«« of the common defence.
My colleague [Mr Linn] offered the amendment
We voted for it. The gentlemen from Virginia
voted against it; and now charge u« with a design
to seize upon the lands for our own use, and make
that charge, an excuse for seizing them themselves
Here is the noble proposition of my colleague
Listen to it, and enjoy the moral sublime of saga-
cious patriotism, directing itself to ihe honor and
safety of the country, and trampling under loot
the miserable suggestions of gaming popularity
by nlundenng the Treasury instead of arming ihe
nation.
4 That from and after the passing of this act, the nett pi o
reeds of the sales of the public lands, so lai as the same shall
not be nee led to defray the expenses oi to fay the debts, of the
General Government, shall be, and the same are hereby, pledged
to the common defence of the Union, and shall be faithfully ap
plied to that object, from time to time, accoiding t > the plin=i oí
tiefence which Congiess shall adopt, until the United States
are placed m that state of strength andsecuiity which is due to
tne honor and independence of the country, and to the protec
«on of the rights and interests of it* either s And it shall be
theduty of the Secretary oi the Tieasury, at the commence
merit of each stated session ol ( ongre&s, to íeport to each
House of Congress the amount of the nett proeceds of the pub
he lands loi the runtnl year, and which weie not requned to
defray the expenses, oi to pay the deots, of ti e United Suite*
atidtheamouiitBO lepoited shall be,an 1 thes imeheii by is, ip
¡iropriated to providing such means, and constructing sin h
works of publ c defence by land and wa er, as then may be m
progiess, or which Gongiesssliall oidei anddireet, ai d such
appropriations sh ill continue until the di-fences ot the Union
shall becompleted, and shall be in addition to the ordinary ar
nual appiopnations for such objects "
This, said Mr. B is our answer to Ihe gent'e-
man's derogatory and gra'uitoui assumption
This ¡s oui offer, not to seize these lands, but to
} l'dge them to the defence of the Un.on; a noble,
wise, constitutional, and patnoiic destination, com-
pared lo which, the scheme of distribution sink , to
the lowe ,t degree of contempt. We offer to pledge
them forever to this puipose—a purpose by which
ihe Atlantic Slates would obtain almost (he exclu-
sive benefit of the expenditure of ihe landievenue,
for the ships and foris on the Atlantic board would
consume nearly the whole. A fraction only woi Id
ro io the West, the great m«M> of the exptnditme
would be on the seaboard We propose this we
vote for it- the gentlemen from Virginia vo'e
against if, and then 'ay they have no way to sive
tne lands for the common benefit—n  way In sive
them from seizure by the new States—but to seize
on them themselves'
The time has now arrived worn the most rare
less and indifferent see ihe neies ily  of  defence—
when lliose who re'used small sums  for 11 at pur-
pose whtn we had  millions of surplus—are  de
rn ¡ndmg loans and taxss for ships  nd fott<    Tht>
rstimatesof the military pnd naval boards exceed
a hundred milli- ns of dollars for the ships, fort\
canpoi, small arms, and munitions of war which
ihe pubic safety demands, and we all  know lhai
the execution of the plan never requires less than
the estimate supposed; on the contrary, .tUvais
mor-,and often rfouO'e.    Here then is an  e-spen
di ure I egan o! more than a  hundred millions of
dolíais tor th* pnbl c dtfeine    we < !t>r to  mak
the lands War this gi eat expense   the sentlemen (f
the opposite side sa> No' and thus these hundrel
millions are to fall u, on ilis  custom house1 io be
levied on Southern an! Wes'ern commtrce, and
expended in the Northeast.
The gentleman from Virginia who '•ooke last,
[M Rivf %] vaunts ti.e lounty of th s bill m giv
inga pre-tm, tion law io the new Hates He is
gi\a ¡y in i ive with thepre-empu in U* I cht'is
bi'! „ia ts, and so i^ eveiy man of hi  p  tv .vho ia
aneiemj to ihe pre-emption system They think
it «l I bambrczle ihe West, and slop the applica-
tion for pre emptions Vain and idle il« tgh '
T"e >re empttorib which the bil' grants are an in
sun ti the West—a mere mockery of all pre emp-
tied—(ontaimngno less than five or six disquali-
fv ni res notions on the pervons who ran obtain
thp benefit of the provision, and about tw-lve rr
fourteen disqualifying restrictions on the land io
which it applies.   It excludes unsurveyed land;
and ihat al ne is, Uraih to the whole privilege
Takpn in e i j isction wiih the o her restrictions,
ant tne pretended benefit is an insult and a mock
ery to the citizen—a disgrace io ihe name ©f pre-
emption—and which the Democracy will tear from
the statuie book the instant they are in power.
Tne same gentleman further vaunts the bounty
of this bill in bestowing half a million of acres of
land oi Missouri and other new States. His con-
gratulation is an insult upon our understand ngs-,
and a «a'ire upon the bill The half million is
only the one-half of what Ohio and Indiana re-
ceived, and of what the other new States are enti-
tled to. It is the hslf of what is due to ns. We
had long since reclaimed it in repeated «bills, and
mean to continue reclaiming it till we get the
whole. We shall hi Id on to what this bill allows,
foi it is due io us, and we sha'l proceed, without
loss of time, relaxation of spirit, er deviation of
purpose, to recover the rem?inder. Ohio received
1,140,000 acres for objects ef internal improve-
ment, and M ssi un and other new States will have
the same. They will take ihe half million wh ch
this bill c< mains, and £ivc a receipt for it—a re-
ctipt for so much, but t,ot a receipt in full.
[HfieMi B read ihe tills which he and ethers
had mlroduced for a dizen years, making these
giams to ihe mvr S ate , Lut which Mr Clay and
others opposed and dt teamed, and then said] If
these grants w> ? right i ben we pioposed them,
why were ihry opp sail I( w ong then, how c„n
ihey be. nahtnov? Do « the prcptie y < f ih grant
depend up nth author hip of ihe bil ? and i  it
risrht to vote (or «ml agauut ihe same measure as
pre'ent d by different men? Do my me is uros b>
come right by bung assumed by he Sena or fiom
Kentucky? Be that a-, it may, we will take the^e
500 000 acres which he has kept us out cf lor
twelve yeais, and ihen p'oceed for tht remainder.
Mr. B then took a rapid view of the bill—its
origin, character and effec's; and showed it to be Fe-
deial m its origin, associated with all the Federal
measures of the present and past sessions; with
Bank, Tariff, Assumption of State debts,dependent
upon the bankrupt bill (or its passage, violative of
the Constitution and the compacts with the new
Sta'es, and crowning all its titles to infamy by
dr? wing capitalists from London to attend this ex'ra
«f sion of Congress, to promo e the pa sage of ihis
b 11 for iheir own b mht He read a paragraph
from the num-y at(i< lein Bennett's Herald, reciting
the n'tn^s and attendance, on account of this bill,
oí th  foreign capitalists at Washington The
passage was in these words
" At the commencement of thp session almost event fo
leign house hada leprrientalue Itere Wilson Pülmei,
( rydei Hates, VlillinckIIopc,Jaudon andahost oj otheis
i i ip old oil taitón  pictences utl we e tnuttendurttt"at
llasl inzlon and all seeking lo forward the proposed mpa
sj es The land bill was lo gize them three milk ins per an
nitm/io/n the public Iieasuiy, oi thirty millions m ten
ileal s and to luise the talue ijthe slock al least thl ty mil
I o)i9 m ip 7he?eienuehillicus to have supplied the dpfi
ti i iy in thp 11 eusui i/ '1 he loan bill was to hive been Ihe
la is of an ¡nci cas-eifimpoi tations and ofexchange opei a
tions and the nr w Bank was the instrument of pulling Ihe
whae i i (peiation
This he accompanied by an article fiom a Lon-
don paper, show rg that ihe cipitalisls in that city
were couutu g upon the success of their emissaries
at Wa hington, and that the passage of th'* land
bill was the first and most anxious wish of their
hetrts—that they cmsidered it equivalent to Ihe
assumption o' the State debts—and ihat the bene-
fit of the bill would goto themselves. This e a-
bli he t ihe character ot the bill, ard showed that it
had b?en the means of bringmg upon the national
leg slation th degrading and corrupting influences
oi a torogn interference For the first time in the
huto'-y of our Government, foreigners have attend-
ed our Congress, to promote ihe passage of laws for
their own benefit. For the first time we have had
London capital sts for lobby members, and, mora
fvmstobe told, instead of being repulsed by de-
feat, they have been encouraged by success, and
their future attendance may now be looked for as a
matter of course, at our future sessions of Cpngrsss,
wiitn lh y have debts to secure, stocks to enhance,
or a National Bank to establish
Fore gn in ns character, and Federal in its ori-
gin and associations, Mr B showed that ihe b-11
was also false in its import, and a cheat upon its
ti le. It professed to divide the neit land revenue,
and it divided it in gross. It professed to deduct
all the expenses properly char^able upon the
lands, and then to distribute the nett remainder;
but matead of acting up to this profession, it de-
ducted only a few items of expense, leaving all the
heavy charges to fall upon the custom-house reve-
nue. The heaviest of these charges were the In-
dian annuities for lands purchased, now payable
annually to the amount oí $800 000; and the new
purchases of land annually going on, and of which
the Northwes ern purchases this year would be se-
veral millions ol dollar . All these annuities and
purchases thould be charged upon the lands, de-
ducted from their proceeds before distribution, and
that according to ihe profession of the bill itself.
But these heavy items weie thrown upon the cus-
tom-house revenue, and were, to that ex'ent, a dis-
tribution of custom-house, instead of land office,
m mey Thus the bill was false to its own profes-
sions, apd a cheat upon its own character.
I was a tariff bil in disguise, and was so che-
rished and treated I y ihe whoi- tariff party. It
was so treated by them m 1833, when first brought
forward, so treated by them m 1836 when re-
newed, is so treated by them now; and is the pi-
oneer, the entering wedge, the precursor of the
ntw tariff bill which lies b<hmd, to be taken up
and pa sed the instant ihe p*>Ss, gp of this bill opens
the way for ii The next bill on th  calendar is
the new tariff bil—he bill whicn is to tax tea,
coffte, molasses,spices, lmen , ¡wid coarse woollens;
which is to raise the tax on common blankets, on
salt anj other necessaries or life—the bill, in fact,
which wto lay duties on the s venty-six millions
9Í goods which now come iree into the country,
and to raise the dutie1 on the fourteen millions
which now pay light duties, from five to fifteen per
ceRt, on the foreign cost This tariff bill is next
ahead, lying in wait for the land bill to empty tre
Treasury, that it may fill it! This new tariff bdl
is to impose duties, nominally of twenty per cen-
tum, but in reality above fifty, upon ninety mil-
lions of importat'ons nrw eithei fre , or dutied at
fifteen per centum, or less on the foreign cost.
Twenty per centum is the nominal imposition,
but this twenty ü to be computed on the home
valuation, and the duty is to be pa'd down; and
ihen d e who'esale merchant, and every successive
retailer, is io have hia profit upon the duty and
the cash paymen , as well as upon the cost of the
arico Fifty per centum will not cover the
increased pr ce which this twenty per centum will
bring on the consumer And then Ihe bill is par-
tial and unjust be-ide« I' adrm s free of duty
above one hundred art e'es for the benefit of the
manuiactarers, anl nothing for th  benefit of the
farmers On the contraiy it lays theoa open to thes
competition of coaise wool, raw hides, and other
anieles oommf fro n abroad Ot thes  more than
thrre milhoi's of dollars' worth perannum of a sin-
gle article—raw hues—are received into the United
States, discouraging and diminishing our own sales
annually to thot amount This is the next bill on
th? calendar a new tariff b II, favoring one class of
the commumly at the expense of the others—taxmg
ihe necessaries of ufe—impising a burden of eigh-
tten or tucity milhons per annam on ihe laboring
and producing rlps'cs, m order to rai'-ehal that
sum for the public Treasury Such is the new ta-
riff bill1 the mo*t wanton ?nd wicked ever yet
imposed m our countrv ' the most regardless of the
laboring, farming, and planting inteiests' and
cruelly to be brought upon us by fir t throwing
away tre land revenue, and tht-s < reatmg a pretext
for a new tariff If this land bill pa*se-, it passes
bySoutnern votes- and t^us ihe new tariff is the
work of Southern hands ' It is a Southern tariff;
and the ba--es.t tariff that we ever had; for it con-
founds all the principles of taxation' making no
distinction between necessaries and luxuries, and
throwing the burdens of supporting the Govern-
ment on the laboring and producing classes The
Northern tariffs were better than this They at
least made a distinction between necessaries and
luxuries ' They gave us miny things free, if they
did give some things high; and, m ad valorem du-
ties, they assessed the duties upon the foreign cost,
not upon the home valuation—a mode of asssss-
