August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
27th ConG""1st Sfss.
Public"Lands—Mr. Benton.
Senate..
which the Slate contains How lorg en Western,
or Temtonal ban\s, "stand this exaction and de-
portation of their spec e1 How long can Western
people pay hard money for'and which is not to
be returned to the shape of Government expendi-
ture, but canned off to the East and to London?
Sir, this agency chaiacter is not only degrading to
the General Government and injurious to the new
States, but is the end and death of the compacts
Tho«e compacts are made with the Fedenl Go
vernment as the owner of the soil—to protect the
soil while it is the property of the Federal head—
and they cease to operate wh°n the Federal head
parts wnb. the propert>, whether by «ales m detail
to individuals, cr by donations in mass to Sate".
The Fedeidl Government becomes the ¡and
agent of ihe old States in the new ones, and ihere
is nothing in the Coi.sUtutun to protect such
an agency The „ew States may act up to their
sovereign righia, but I would not recommend thtm
to do so I would advioe forbearance, and remon-
strance to Congress, and a jelianee upon the De-
mocracy to rectify the wrong when they getmto
power. The bill is a party measure—a Federal
party measure—intended to purchase poputanty
for Federalism. It will be the duty of the Demo-
cracy to repeal it, and to res ore (he lands to their
constitutional destination, and to stop the loans
and taxes which the loss of this revenue involves
If not repea'ed, it cannot stand It can live but a
little while Destruction in. some shape will ovei
take the infamous ac'. It is too base to stand It
may be over ridden by new propositions—propcsi-
tions 'o divide all the land at once either among the
States, or among the people The division at present
woul 1 be a hundred acres a head io" every head of a
family, widows, and joung men between eignteen
and twcnt}-one,inc'uded The division of threehun-
dred milliom of acres among three millions of
adults, would be a gr?nd operator: the division
of ihe nett annual proceeds among fifteen millions
is a contemptible affair. To be overridd°n, if not
repealed, will be the fate ot this measure It is
thí fate of all such ba e and vulgar feches for
popularity. The distribution of public property
tor the promotion of party, or p°rsonpt popularity,
is a vulgar artifice, and ¡eqmres, not talent, but
impudence, to execute it It is tb^ first perform-
ance only v hicn costs ^ome difficulty The thiog
once done, and the way seen how to do i>, any de-
magogue may take the track, and go ahead, and
improve upon his example, and, like other imita-
tors, quickly eclipse and lose sight of the original
mventci. The first distributor*, of public corn ¡a
R.orae, and of public money in Athens were pow-
erful leaders: their succ sseis, and masters in that
line, .vere the dregs of the forum, and of the camp,
as venal a¡> public in auctioneering the propeity of
the Repuohc for the purchase of vote¡> and the ?t-
tainment of office. So must it be m oui Ameri-
ca. If this first attempt a'di tnbution is uot re-
buked and rrustrated, the example must be folio w
ed unti1 thf public stcies are exhausted, or t.<e
pub'io mind shocked and revolted at the enormity
of the vice.
Annual distnbuti n cannot, ai 1 v/id not, con-
tinue. The insignificance of the dividend will dis-
appoint expectation, and engender d scontcnt
Great wdl be the disappointment of the Stales,
when they come to gather the funts of this golden
bill, and to pick up the golden sands wh ch ibis
modern Pactoius river was to roll through their
borders They will find n to b  the promne and
the performance of the great Cardinpl Wol'ey in
the zenith of h>s fortunes—Us promise mighly, its
performance nothing. Its fruit will be 'he apple
which floated on the surfac of tht Dead S^a—-
pleasant to 'he eye, fragrant to the smell, sweet to
the taste, but ashes in the mouth, and bilternessinthe
belly. The bill will give no money to the States—
none worth receiving, and it will fill the Union
with jealousy and discontent It will give no
money—the laise sales are over—th?t procession
has gon<* by. Tip gross proceeds tins y ar will be
but a million ana a half ot lollars. From th t de-
duct the five per centum old grcnt, and the ten per
csntam n w grant, to the new State , the $150,000
for surveys, and the treble of that for land offices
and land officers, and the surveyors general, and the
General Land Office- deduct all these, and there will
not be a million to divide, and that among thirty
parties, instead of twenty «u, for the Temto-
ríes and the Dis'not of Columbia are now to
be included m the list of distributees A
million and a half are the gross sales of the
present year they will be less for the next, not-
withstanding the fraud of withholding eight mil-
lions ot acres from sale to fabricate a Treasury
deficit m 1841, and to augment Stale distribution
in 1842 Tae sales will be le>s next year, and
that frr many reasons, and, among ethers, because
palriouc farmers who are wi'ling to pay their mo-
ney to their coun'ry msy not te willing to tutn it
over to stockjobbers m Lon 'on and political job-
bers in America. They may prefer to follow the
suggestion of Edmund Burke, m his speech upor
cone liation wuh the colonies, and occupv withou'
purchase the land which God made tor ihem, and
which man undertakes to lock up fiom their use
See the eighth clause m the Declaration oi Inde-
pendence, and the speech of Mr Burke on the
point to which it relates The remedy for this
wrong, accoidmg to Mr Burke, was to occupy
without title unul the restrictions were removed
In like manner the Western farmeis may ihmk it
best lor their crantrv, an J no harm to them elves,
to settle and cultivate without parting (rom their
money until the land revenue shall be restored to
its proper destination, and tfe Federal Government
become again the libcisl owner of mo lands, in
stead of being the heaitlp&s agent of ihe Stales
They may suspend purchases until these events
happen and then what becomes of distribution'
not even a jip <>x apicaillon per head w 11 be arth
coming—not more than a penny or afaithmg
What a time to choose tor squindering this pa-
trimony' We are just in the midst of loans, and
taxr,, and new and extravagant expenditures, and
•craping high and low to find money to support the
G )ver>iment. G^ng'es-, was called together to pro-
vide revenue, and we be°m with throning away
what we have We have jitst passed a bill io bor-
row tv eive millions, which will cost the people six-
teen millions to pay. We have a b'll on the calcn-
d?r—the next one in order—'o tax everv th n-  now
free, and to tais  e\ery 'ax now low, to raise cght
or ten millions tor the Guvcrimem, at the erst of
c ghte°n or twenty to the people. Sixteen millions
oí deficit silu'e the commencement of th ensuing
jear A new loan of twelve mil'ions is announced
for the next session All the articles oftousu op-
tion which escape taxation now, are to be caught
and taxed then. Such are the revelations of the
chairman of ihe Finance Committee, and they cor-
respond with our o<vn calcula'kn^ of their conduct.
In at'dmon to all th s, we have just commenced the
national defences—reg'ecled when we had forty
million of surplus, now cblig*d to be attended to
when we hate nothing: these defene s aro to cost
above a nun (red mil'ions to create tli°m, snd
above ten rmU ons annaally to su-,?tn tnem
A new and frightful extravagance has br^ko'i
out in the Indian Department. Treaties wnnh
cannot be named, are to cost millions upon
millions Wild savage, who cannot count a
hundred except by counting then fipgers t*n tures
over, are to have mill ons; and the cus'oms to pay
all; for the lands are no longer to pay for them-
selves, cr to discharge the l.ervy annuities which
have grown ou' of their acquis tion The chances
of a war ahead the ordinary experars of the Go-
vernment, undei the new Adm mstia'io'1, not thir-
teen millions as was promised, but above thuty, as
this session proves. To crown all, the Federal
party in power' that party «boss instinct is debt
and tax—whose pa'snn is waste and squander—
whose cry is that of the horse-ieech, give' give'
give1—whese ra'l is that of the gravs, more'
more' more' In such circums'an-es, and ttith
such prospects alva1, we ?r<? called upon to throw
away the hnd revenue, and (tun our who c atten-
tion to taxing and borrowin; The cu loti-hoife
daue'.—Ihit is io «av, foreign commerce, foui d d
upon the labor of the Stuth and Wist—i to pay
all Ti-e farmers and planters of the South aid
West a.e to take the chief load, and to carry it
Well may the Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clay]
announce the forthcoming of new loans and taxe 
—the recapture of the tea and coffee tax, if they
escape us now—and the increase and perpetuity of
the salt tax. All this must come, and more too, if
Federalism rules a few years longer. A fewyears
more under Federal sway, at the rate things have
gone on at this session—this sweet little session:
called to relieve the people—and our poor America
would be ripe for the picture for which England
now sits, and which has been so powerfully drawn
m the Eimburg Review. Listen to it, and hear
what Federalism would soon bring us to, if net
stopped in Us mad career-
"Taxet, upon eveiy article which enters into the mouth, or
cover  the back, or is placed under the foot Taxes upon
erery thing v> htch it to pleasant to see, hear, feel, smelt, or taste
Tabres upon warmth light, and locomotion Taxes on every
thins on earth, md the watet  under the earth, on every thing
that comes from abroad or is giown at home Taxes on the
raw material, taxeson eveiy fresh value that is added to it by
the industry ol mat laxes on the sauce which pampers a
man s appetite, and the otug thattestores him to health, on the
eimino winch decorates the lodge, and the rope which hangs
ihecnmma! on tne brass nails ol the coffin, and the ribands of
ti e bt ide At bed oi board, couchaot or levant, we must pay.
The schoolboy whips his taxed tjp, the beardless youth mana
geshis taxed horse with a taxed bridle on a taxed road 'The dy
ing Lnglisman pours his medicne, which has paid seven per
cent into a spoon that has paid ftfteen per cent, flings himself
back upon his chinh; bed, which has paid twenty two pti
cult makes his will on an eight pound stamp, and expires m
the aim  of an ipothecaiy, who has paida license ofa hundred
pounds lot the pnviltge of putting him to death His whole
pioperty is thui immediately taxed from two to ten percent
Besides the f róbate large fees are demanded foi burying turn la
the chancel, his vntuts handed down to posterity on taxed
mai ble and he is tht-n gathered to his fathers, to be taxed no
moie "
This is ihe way the English are now taxed, and
so it wou'd be with us if the Federalists should re-
main a few yea's in power.
Execrable as this bill is in itself, and for its ob-
j"ctb, and for the consequences which it draws afier
it, it is ftill more abominab'e for the time and
manner in which it is driven through Congress,
and the contingencies on which its passage is to de-
pend What is the time?—when the new States
are just ready to double their representation, and
to present a front which would command respect
f r then rights, nd secure the grant of all their
just demands They are pounced upon in this
n ck of lime, before the arrival of their full repre-
sentation ui tier the new census, to be manacled
ami f tfred by a law Much assumes to be a per-
petual settlement oi the land question, and to bind
the r mlciests forever This is the time ' what is the
mann r?—gagged through th House of Represen-
tatives 1 y tLie previous quejiion, and by new rules
fab'ica'ed from day to day, to itiile discussion,
pr vent amendment -, «uppre s yeas and nays, and
hide ihe deeds which shunn d the light This was
the manner ' What was ihe contingency on which
its passage was to depend?—the passage of the
Bi.nkn pt bill' So that this execrable bill, baited
as it was v ith douceurs to old Srates, and bribes to
the new ones, and pressed under the gag, and m
tl p ab eace of the n^w representation, was still
unable io ret through without a bargain for pass-
ing il e Bankrupt bill at the 'ame time. Can
such legislation stand? Can God, or man, respect
suth work?
The Senate was intended to have been gagged
a^o The new tactics were intended for this
chamte", as veil as the Hjuse ef Representatives.
This disgrace was intended for u^, and so declared
upon this floor b it c< uraga, and manly determi-
nation, caved the Serate lrom this deep humilia-
tion We determined io resist—to defend our
rights—to die m their deri nee—and made known
our dete rainalion To ¡cist onto death was our
firm resolve, and, so help me God, I intended to
be a corp e upon he ground befce tbft><"'ihts of
aa Amencia Senator should have I*          troyed
in my person                                <•       •<
What is to compensate the new Stat "or the
evils of this bill—for the toss of gradual, jn—the
loss of cession—the loss of good pre-eonf ion«—
the loss of grants and durations—the loss ef future
confirm-i'tons, ard the lns5 of all their specie,
which wi'l te carried off to the old Slates, whiif-
depicnatid paptr will I o sent back to pay the
troops and the Ind «is What is ihere in the bi 1
to compensate for the e k s s°s, and for ihe degr< -
dation rf becoming the vassals of the old States?
is th  compensation m the half million grants? By
no means' for these grants are cheats, and only
