S§2               ________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________August, 1841
27th C«ng'"-1st Sess.                                  Public Lands—Mr. Calhoun.                                                         Senate.
the halt of what ihoy should be. is it in the pre-
emption clause? Not at all' for that is a fraud,
lestriced into nothing, and intended to b plea led
m bar to any f u ure application fot a real pie emp
tion law. Is it in the distribution of money? Doubt-
less not! for that is only a Utile of their own—a
slice from their own loaf—and no equivalent for
the losses and degradation which the bill imposes,
and still less for the violations oí the Constitution
and the compact, tor which no amount of money
'can ever atone. The bi'l is uncompensated mis-
chief and disgrace to ¡he new States, and they ewe
it to themselves and their posterity to use every
lawful means to repeal or destroy it.
The bill contains a clause that distribution is to
cease if we have war, and to begin agam when
war is over. This is a grand absurdity, and weakly
contrived to bamboozle the simple. In the first
place, we should never have war if the States were
to advance money, ei to give np money, when war
came. In the next place, we want money, both
before and after war, much more than during the
■war: before, to piepare for it; after, to pay it*
debts. In the third place, distribution, when it
once begins, will not cease, but go on with accu-
mulated additions until the treasur* is exhausted
In the four h place, we arememcrd wiih war now,
and should employ this  money in insiant pre para-
tiens for defence, as the only mrans ot averting
the danger. In the fifth place, this bill invites wa',
by showing us to be a people wasting our re-
sources in petty schemes of popularity w en need-
ing them for the great purposes ot the General
Government. The idea of stopping di tributn n
when it once begins to flow, is en ldish and absurd
It is milk for babes, but not meat for men. Look
at the twenty-seven milln ns surplus, de pos led
with the States, under the olimii sanction of legis-
lative acts for its return. Wheie is the Congress
that can ask foi one dollar of that depusite? ir
could get it if it did ask? No, sir ' When the States
and the Federal Government use the same Trea-
sury, you have gone back to the times of the Old
Confederation—to the time? of Federal requisi
tions upon State Treasuries—tobe drawn m dis
tress, and protested when presented. The State
Treasuries are, for Federal dollars, the lion's den
—ill the tracks po niing inwards; and wo to the
statesman who looks for one to return, iither in
peace or war
Another clause is inserted lo mv< ke the sanctity
of the compro ri'se in favor of 20 per cntum du-
ties. The clause was giavely debated, and grave-
ly voted, amidst the de isory trades of the perfor
mers. Itwas a soiemn farce. The compromise'
that instrument of which we get a new reading
every day' ihat nose of wáx—t ,a> clay in to'
bands of the potter—that Cse aj's wi.l in the barn's
of Anthony. A wtc-k ago it was quoted in faior
oí the land bill—as guaranteeing th-u bill—mil ex
pressly providing for distribution Th^t astonish-
ed eveiy body. Ih^n it "as quoted ior tie perpe-
tuity of the salt tax. That aston shed us <>g3in.
Then nothing was to be free but for the ben fit of
manufacturers. M< re astonishment, 'ihen the
20 per centum was only to apply to unranufactured
articles, and thereupon astonishment ceased —
The compromise ciau^e is a gran I humb Jg, and
so will be found to be if ihe bill stands The
South will be bamboozled, and laughed at.
Sir, all tais species of leg'dauon i,vaiiand
idle. To make laws upon conditions, when no
two men can arree as io what the condiuons are—
to try to tie up ihtf hands of tuture Congresses—to
make a law run a while, and stop a while—-to un-
dertake to control our successors by little higgling
and huckstering arrangements among ourselves—
to leave out a plain word, and put in an ambiguous
one, in order to catch a vote, or cave a vote—to
pass this, if jou will pass'ha — o compound que*
tions under the pretext of compromising u em—all
this is not only vain and idle, but hurtful and vi-
cious. U is the bane ot ail legislation, and ihe
certain soutce oí future contention The time wdl
come when a burnt offering must be made of all
such work; and the sooner it is stopped, the better.
The p.esent «ession ls the fruitful parent of these
bungling and baneful contrivances, and this bill is
pre eminemly full of them.   Our successors will
look b ck upon these doings with astonish runt and
despa r. Th y wuls e no «ay to go on witte ct m
n>on sen e and ccmsniutional legislation, until they
have cast off all the fetters which we endeavor to
fasten upon them
I undTake to write the history of this bill 11
advance—to give its epitaph before it is born. It
will die the death of the wcked, and will be branded
with the opprobmm of the just. The n«w States
willdetestit.becauseitmikesthem the slaves of the
old ones. The old Sta'es will quarrel with it, be-
cause it will disappoint their hopes. D mocraev
will hate it, because it is the work of Federalism,
and is base in itself. Federalism will desert it,
because, instead of popularity it will bring them
odium. The friends of the Constitution will curse
it, because it is the violation of that instrument.
The enemies of public debt will curse it, because
it lays ihe foundation for a new national debt.
The people will curse it, because it gives them
noth'ng, and'akes much from them >n taxes upon
necessaries Virtue and pa'.nmmsm will abhor
it; because it undertakes to debauch the people and
the States wuh venal distributions, and to open a
new pa h to the Pn-siden:y ihiough the plunder of
the public, and the corruption of the voters.
Finally, it-  authors aill turn against it, and aban-
don it to universal execration; because, like Eid-
dle's Bank and ¡sFigh Tariff, it will m<ikero body
President, and will end with having a thousand
enemies for one friend.
The bill will pass the two Houses of Congress,
though foibid to pass by all he firmer principles
of thosa who nov support it Pariy popularity
reqnres its aid, and party vo'es will pass it. I do
no specula'e upon 1 s fa e at the other ei d of the
avenue. It would be neither decorous nor pallia-
tneutary to do so. Certain it is the President
might disapprove it very consistently with all his
votes upon the same bill m 1832, and with all h s
subsequent conduct in relation to it. If he should
do s0, and give us a Jack<on veto upon a land
till, he shall have my very hearty support for the
good act If he do s not, he shall still have my
applause for the veto he has given, and my sup-
port against the Bank party, who are endeavoring
to upact the Governmen', as Mr Jeffer'on fore-
to'd, Aid to drive a Prescient fro 11 his station for
re using ¡0 vi ■>! ne the C iiot.tut on for iheir profit.
I «ill 'Usi.i'i fWr Pjl r in the indep ndent exer-
cise cf his piners Í am in favor ct the orm of
Government undf-r which vv live, and will support
the Goi ernm nt in loe jéis n of tin ^p rIio are
called lo administer it Th" President finds 1 ím-
si It in extr.ioi 'inarv c rci.m throes—dese tel and
assailed by th s> who brought him in'o office—
Aid dependent upon poll'c 1 oppoit—ti io enable
him to administer the Government if the D< rao-
oricy w,ií a lacnoa and c u'd be governed by
selfi h and fnouous views, they might sUnd
of, end uffer events to take thtn course.
Bit they a.c not a faction. They are a political
paity, bised upon principle, and bound by their
duties. Tney have a count y to serve, a Constitu-
tion to s<ne, and Europe to cominee that a R"pub-
licau Government is practicable They haye
a great exampl  to give to toe world, and they
will g've it They will s.and by ihe man
who stands by his country and the C nstitu-
non Políticos, jobbers, speculators, and plun-
derers may rage, out th" Hemcc-acy, and the
body of ihe people, will stand by the man who
stands by his country and the Constiiu'ion. A few
more ve oes, and the continent will be electrified.
I have not seen the President for two momn* I
have stud auay on purpose I have sent him no
mes age-, and I a^e received none. I 'land off,
-nd look ai him; determined to act by him as he
¿a s by ..'o country 1 p'ay fal e, or fi ul, with no
rein. He hes d^ne a good deed—a noble died—
and for that i e shall hsve n y applause and sup
port. I have no barga ns wiih po ltical friends or
foes, and wsatl saj is said here in my place—in
the hearing of the Senate and the country. I will
give the President s> fair support—four years' fair
support. Be)ond that I promise nothing, but for
four years, and against the Btnk party, which
seeks  to expel hup from office, and to upset the
Government, he snail have my full and hearty
support
SPEECH OF Mr. CALHOUN,
OP SOUTH CAROLINA,
In Senate of the Untied States, August 24, 1841—
On the distribution bill
Mr Calhoun said—
If this bill should became a law, it would make a
wider breach in the constitution, and be followed
by changes more disastrous, than any one measure
which has ever been adopted. It Vould, in its vio-
lation of the constitution^ go far beyond the general-
welfare doctrine of former days, which stretched the
power ot the Governmerit as far as it was then sup-
posed was possible by construction, however bold.
But, as wide as were theüimts Which it assigned to
the powers of the Government, |t admitted by impli-
cation that there -were lirfiits , while this bill, as I
shall show, rests on principle^ which, if admitted,
would supersede all limits!    ,
According to the general-welfare doctrine, Con-
gress had power to raise frifmey, and appropriate
it to all objects which it rrafht deem calculated to
promote the general welfatf,—that is, the prosper-
ity ol the States, regarded it then aggregate char-
acter as members of the Union , or, to express it
more briefly, and m language once so common, to
national objects, thus excluding, by necessary im-
plication, all that were not national, as falling
wilhm the splieies of the separate States As
wide as are these limits, they are too narrow for
this bill It takes m what is excluded under the
general welfare doctrine, and assumes for Congress
the right to raise money, to give by distribution to
the States , that is, to be applied by them to those
very local State objects to which that doctrine, by
necessary implication, denied that Congress had a
light to appropriate money, and thus superseding
all the limits ol the constitution,—as far, at least,
as the money-power is concerned The advocates
of this extraordinary doctrine have indeed, at-
tempted to restrict it, in their argument, to revenue
derived from the public lands, but facts speak
loudei than words To test the sincerity of their
argument, amendments after amendments have
been offered to limit the operation of the bill ex-
clusively to the revenue derived from that source,
but which, as often as offered, have been steadily
voted down by thei' united votes. But I take highei
ground The aid of those test votes, as strong as
they are, is not needed to make good the assump-
tion that Congress has the right to lay and collect
taxes for the separate use of the States The cn-
eumstances under which it is attempted to loice
this bill through, speak of themselves a language
too distinct to be misunderstood
The Treasury is exhausted , the revenues fi om
the public lands cannot be spared , they are needed
for the pressing and reeessary wants of the Gov-
ernment For every dollar withdrawn from the
Tieasnry, ind given to the States, a dollir must
be raised from the customs to supply its place th it
is admitted Now, I put it to the advocates of this
bill,—is there, can there be, any real difference,
either in principle or effect, between raising monev
from customs, to be divided among the States, and
raising the same amount from them to supply the
p'aee of an equal sum withdrawn from the Treas-
ury to be divided among the States 1 II there be
a difference, my faculties are not acute enough to
perceive it, and I would thank any one who can to
point it out But if this difficulty could be scu-
mounted, it would avail nothing, unless anothei,
not inferior, can also be got over The land from
which the revenue, proposed to be divided, is de-
rived, was purchased (with the exception of the
small portion, comparatively, lying between the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers) out of the common
funds of the Union, ant with monev derived, for
the most part, from customs. I do not exempt' the
portion acquired from Georgia, which was pur-
chased at its full value, and cost as much, in pro-
portion, as Florida purchased from Spam, or Lou-
isiana from Trance.
If money cannot be raised from customs or other
sources for distribution, I ask, how can money de-
rived from the sales of land purchased with money
raised fiom the customs or other sources be distri-
buted among the States' If the money could not
be distubuted before it was vested in land, on what
principle can it be when it is converted back again
into money by the sales of the land ?   If prior to
