344
&7th Cong. •• 1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THly CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fiscal  Corporation—Mr.
Sept. 1841.
Clay.
Senate.
victors belong tbe spoils," and yet the venerable
patriot who had often bared his breast in battle to
ihe enemies of his country, was, in less than a
single month, hunted to death by the importunity
of Whig office seeker . A friend offered to show
me a medical pamphlet, published in the city of
Philadelphia, declaring that it was from this cause
that President Harrison came to his death
I say that President Tyler could not have done
otherwise than veto that bill, if he wished to pre-
serve his character as an honest man. He must
have done it from necessity, if not from choice. He
could not have approved and signed that bib, with-
out exhibiting to the American people the disgraceful
spectacle ot a high public officer contradicting all
the professions of his past life, and giving the he
to all his own often avowed principle". A rumor
exists, we have been told on this floor, that the
veto was given against the unanimous opinion of
the Cabinet. And suppose it was, whj is respon-
sible to the people 0/ the United States for con-
ducting th  Government? Is it not the President?
Undoubtedly he ought to consult the opinions ot
the Cabinet; but if he and his Cabinet cannot
agree in sentiment, which is to yield—the Cibinet
or the President? Certainly, according to the thee i y
oí our Government, it is the Cabina I was glad
to find, m the official oigan of the Administration,
such good old fashioned Democratic doemne as I
saw there a few days since. It is 'rue I was n u,
to every extent, in favor of "the unit," but I woulo
say, in behalf of the amele to which I retir, that
it is one of the best I have ever read, and one that
would not disgrace the palmiest days of the
Democratic Admimstiation. If t-^e President can-
not agree with his Cabinet, or if tbe Cabinet can-
not agree with the Piesident, I do not --ay whit
ought t ,be the consequence. I have  o feeling on
the subject, it matters nothing to me who art in,
or who are out of office
The Senator from Kentucky fell us that he
never said Pres'dent Tyler ought to have resigned,
but only that resignation vas one < 1 th' alienii-
tives before him A President resign' A Pres -
dent, who had been but three monihs in power,
resign his place! Why, sir, this is almost a moral
impossibility, so deepl) is the ¡ove ol po^er it oted
in the human breast No Prfsulcnt will ever th nk
of doing any such thing In the whole range ol
history, I recollect bat two memorable instances of
the kind, one was that of the Roman emptr n
Dioclesian, and the other of the emperor Charles V.
The Roman emperor, you know, went to rais
mg cabbages, as Mr Van Buren is now dome;
and Charles buried himself before he wa- dead—a
very fit emblem of the condition of a Prc-ident
who ihouW resign his office that he might snffei a
bill for a Fiscal Bank to becomp a law *
Mr. B. resumed his seat amidst a general laugh
Mr. BUCHANAN having concluded—
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky next addressed the Se-
nate. Certainly,said he, nothing vas furtbei from
my expectation?, when I came here to lisien to the
speech oí my worthy inend from Virginia, than to
find myself placed in such a Mtu-ition as to be
called on to say one word m relation to this bill. But
the Senator from Pennsylvania has indu'ged him-
self on this occasion in txercismg   talent for wit
and humor, at our expense, in which he does no'
olten indulge. Let me, if he will allow me, make
a suggestion to him, that bis appropriate province
is logic, or grave debate, rather than wit But if
I should happen to catch, by conugion, sjraewhat
of the same vein, he will, I am sure, excuse me,
and 'eceive it in the sime good humor that we have
taken what fell from him.
As to the bill before the Senate 1 have not <n jch
to say. There aie two great faculties which ordi-
l anly belong to banks one is to deal in that sert
of commercial paper which is cahei p'om'-.sery
notes, the other to deal in bil s of txch<Uige, al.o
an ordinary commercial instrument. l>y the
present bill, the Bank which is to be ceati d is de-
prived of one of these facult es, wife the other e3
left to it and ihers is no race clanger cf abu e m
the exeicise oí the retained faculty by tin co.pora-
tion than in the ordinary banks of the countrj.
Nor am I very familiar wuh all the proceedmss
at the Bamsburg Convention The honorab'e
Senator seems to think tha' it contain d Abolition-
ists, agamit whom he appears, of late, to have
taken up a peculiar hostility. I Mil uporraim to
name one Abolitionist who was a member I be-
lievr- there *??s not one. I defy him to the proof.
Hesajs that the gentlemen who composed that
assemblaee weie men of all sorts of political prin-
ciples: and to some extent ibat remark is certainly
true But there was one principle w h'ch I am very
sure was held by none of them: there were none wí o
went for lo v wazes1 [A laugh.] The Senator,
however, tells us not only that they held all sorts
of piine.ple", bu' that th«y were afraid to publish to
the word ny declaration of iheirseniiments. Now,
1 bel eve it is a part of the law of nations that, when
war is made against pirates, t¡ ere is no need of the
ceremony of any formal previous declaration of
war, but it is understood on all hands that you are
at liberty io a'tack them without notice and with-
out ceremonj, ai d cut and sla*h as bard as you
plea e But if that same Convention at Harris-
buig was such an unpp>ici pie el tolled ion of politl
cal seelarie — uch an omnium gatherum of all
kiudrels <tnd colors, what sor., of a party must that
have been v hich coula have been eo utlerly pros
trated and put down by sucha heterogeneous com-
bination?    [A laugh J
The Sen?toi commenced by saying that, among
their other d lEgs the Whigs "had c'one for ihem-
s Ives." I beg gentlemen not to "ley that flatter
mg u.ietion to their souH " What' the Whigs of
this country to be annihilated by anv thing which
has occurred during this session? Never, never
Tneir pnncip'es are as eternal as truth and as
sure to pruailssis the eiuse of civil liberty to
triumph It was justlv remarked by mv friend
from Virginia tint ihe restriction of Executive
power, ay, of the royal, the imperial power of set-
ting the will of one msm against the united will of
an entire people, s'oodhfghestonlheliitof thepnr-
ciples avowed uy ihe Whigs, during the late me-
nu rabie contest, and let me lei! gentlemen that, if
we .l.?ll have a ^-nower ot vet íes, that principle
will still be written in letters of light upon all their
banneis
Let the ¡LeMatot from Pennsylvania and h"> party
war, it they will, for Executive supremacy—for
the arbiiraiy principle that the will of one man
sh ill prevail against the will of th? whole country
We are will  g to go befen ihe peo >¡e upoM that
i sue and, if i in not utterly mistaken in the ln-
lieient 'ovt of hbert) by them all, Whigs and De-
moeia % th^re will be a general condemnation of
si cli an odious and detestable doctrine Let the
Senator an 1 i is friends «o to *he olher win  of the
Cip o', and >ook up n hat Macedonian phalanx,
stimlin* shi hi to shield m a compict and impene-
trable lne, and, in defiance of all thf difficulti°s
which beset them, maintaining their position un-
mov d and toe r front unbroken; for, I will repeat
what I havcoi en said w,in inexpressible pleasure,
ne jcr, no, ne<.er, v. as there a House of P^epresent-
ativi s more imbued wi h a lofty and generous spi-
rit of patrióte demotion to liberty and to the d s-
chaigt ot a hi«h public du'y Let them, I ssy,
look on thut ipecti-cle, and then a«k themselves,
Ho^r i, euth a party to be bre1  n down? By
whom? By  iy one Tian? Where is ne? If Napo-
leon weie to rise fiom the dead, and appear again
at the head of all his power, he could not do
it Tne Senator ^as prematurely yielded to feel-
ing? ot exulta' "n. He has stretched out his
h nd aud «rasped, not the sceptre, but a fie-ting
\ ¡sio . He bas cried before he ws¿ out of the
woods
An hou rdb e Sei ator from New Hampshire
[Mi WooDBLiir] p opesfd somt d v, pgo a reso-
lutio-Kt oqury ui'o certi i dislut iaw.es which
are   a to have oc trred at the Pres-iden pi m-r-
í no h* ii'ht ot the memorable 16hof Au-
gus' la t It an" jch preceedings J d occur, tbey
were cert m / wry \ r< g and hifhiy culpable
to  Ch ei M¿gistr te, iHetcrhe may be, should
fte Me- ed b> every g od ci'izen w th ad becoming
it<ptc , if not for his personal cbarsete , jn s~-
c unt oí tie exalted offie  he holds for and frcm
the peop e. Ard I will n re say that I read with
great pleasure the acts and resolutions of an early
meeting, promp ly held by the orderly and respecta-
ble citizens of this metropolis, in reference to, and
in condemnation of, thos  disturbarces. But, if
the resolution had been adopted, I had intended to
move for the appointment of a Select Commi'tee,
and that the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire hinuelf should be placed at the head of it,
with a majority of his friends. And will tell you
why, Mr. President. I did hear that about eight
or nine o'clock on that «ane night of the famous
16th of August, there was an irrupnon on the Pre-
sident's House of the whole Loco Foco party in
Congress; and I did not kno v but that the alleged
disorders might have grown out of or had some
connection with that fact [A laugn J I under-
stand tnat the whole party were there. No specta-
cle, 1 am sure, could have been more supremely
amusing and ridiculous If I could have been in
a position in which, without being seen, I could
have witnessed that most extraordinary reunion, I
should have had an enjoyment which no drama-
tic performance could poss bly communicate. I
think that I can now see the principal dramatis per-
sona who figured in the scene. There stood the
grave and distinguished Senator from Siuth Caro-
lina------
[Mr Calhoun here instantly rose, and earnestly
irsisted on explaining; but Mr. Clat refused to be
interrupted or to yield the floor ]
Mr Clay. There, I say, I can imagine stood
the Senator from South Caro im—tall, care-worn,
with fur owed brow, Laggard, and intensely gaz-
ing, looking as if be weredic5Fci ng the last and
newest ¡¡abstract on which sprung from meta-
physician's brain, and muttering to himse f, in
half-uftered sounds, ' This is indeed a real crisis "'
[Loud laughter.] Then th=re was the Senator
frmi AKbama, [Mr. Kino,] standing upnght and
gracefully, as if he were itady to settle in the
most authoritative manner any queslion of order
or of etiquette that might possibly arise between
the high assembled parties on that new and unnre-
ce lemed ectasion Nol fir off stood th  hoiorable
Senators fr jm Arkansas an i fro n Missouri, [Mr.
Sevier ¿nd ¡Mr, Bento< ,J Ihe lat'er looking at the
Senator from South Carolina, with tn indignant
cm 1 on his lip and ■■corn in his e)e, and pointing
his fin>er with contempt towards tha Senator,
[%£r Calhoun ] whiht he said, or lather seemed
to say, "He call himself a statesman ! why, he
has never even pioduced a decent humbug"'
[Shouts of laughter ]
[Mr. Benton. Tfnj Senator fiom. Missouri was
not there ]
Mr Clay. I stand conee'ed, I was only ima-
gining what you would have sail if you had been
there [Renewed laught r ] Then tnere stood the
Senato from Georgia, [Mr Cuthbert] conning
over in his mind on what point he should make
bis next at ack upon the Senator frc m Kentucky.
[Laughter ] Oa yonder ottoman leclmed the olher
¡senator from Missouri on my left, [Ml Linn,]
indulging, with smiles on his face, in pleasing me-
ditations oi the ris- , growth, and future power of
his ne v colony of Oregon Th& honorable Senator
from Ptnnsylama, [Mr. Buchanan,] I presume,
stood forward as spokesman for his w"olc party,
and, al hough I cannot pretend to ími'ate his
well-known eloquence, I beg leave to make an
humble essay towards what I presume to have been
ihe kind of speech delivered by him on that august
oceasion:
"May it pleate your Excellency. A number of
your present political friends, late your political
opponents, m company with myself, have come fo
deposite at yodr Excellency's feet the evidences of
our loyal y and devotion; and they have done me
th- h nor to make me the organ of their 'enti-
ments and feelings We are here more pa'ticu-
lar'y to jresent to your Excellency our grateful
and most cordial corgratu mons rn jour rescue of
the counir> from a flagrant ana alarming violation
of the Constitution, by tbe creauon of a Bank of
the United SUM" , and also our prt found acknow-
ledcm-ms- for ''•e veto, by wSch you have illus-
trated the wisdom of jour Administration, and so
greatly honored j ourse'f And we would dwell
particularly on the uninswer? ble reasons and co-
gent arguments with which the notification of the
