Sept. 1841._____________       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.              ________________347
2r«H Cong.- «-lbr  ksj>.                                        Fiscal Corporation—Mr. Bert ten.                                                                          Senate.
Mr R having objected no l"s to the profleis, of
support, and the prophecies of popularity which
were held oat to the PieiiJent by Mr Calhoun
and otheis, in ease he should vete the bill—
Mr. CALHOUN dented that he had made prof-
fers of any kind, or tendered to the President any
advice, save opei )y in his place.
Mr. Rl ¡TES re mnded him that he had adv.sed
the Pre«i lent to s nice at the Land bi 1 and strike
at the Bank biii, had told b m thit boldness w„s
his true poliev; and that the ve-io would be popular
The Senator seemed to deslíe that the President
would breakfast on one veto, dine on a second, and
sup upon a third. He warmly proestfd agwist
all such discus-ions, ¡he  ho!e debate was inflam-
matory—nay, was revolutionary; u seemed intend-
ed to prepare the public mind for an outbreak of
indignant fury. The question was not whether
President Tyler wou'd veto ihis bill, but whether
the Senate should pass it. In its present form, Mr.
R. coa'd not vote for it.
Mr. CALHOUN «aid the Senator had worked
himself into a great rage without any reason. Tne
President had no right to send his opinions to tne
Senate by any channel but through his official acts
The Senator f.om Virginia was in the babit of
visiting the Whiie Hou--e—jf giving and receiving
advice there. Had he not advised .he Presideut to
veto this bill?
[Mr. Rives (with great emotion) answered,
"fío!"]
Mr C. 'aid that an independent Senator had no
charce here with one who was otherwise. One
went to the President; the other did not. The
Senator had got into a very sreat heat, but had *¡>id
not a wed upon the bill A'l his rage had been
expanded up n Mr C and other Senators, whom
he had undertaken to lecture Mr. C thought the
President would do well to veto this bill This he
should say, freely, and (he Senator might make
What he pleased of it.
Mr. KING expressed an agreement with Mr.
Rives as to the irregular and improper charae'er
of the debate. He had no advice to give to Presi-
dent Tyler, either here or elseshe-e. He admi ted
that the fancy piciure drawn by Mr. Clav was a
pretty sketch; it had been happily hit off, and lacked
but one ingredient, which was truth Mr K. had
not been at the President'* on the night ailuded to;
nei her had the Senator from Missouri, [Mr Ben-
ton]
Mr. CLAY. Will the honorable Senator say
that the party was not there?
Mr. KINS. On my sou', I do not know, but
the Senator from Virginia near me [Mr. Archer]
does know, for I unders and he was ,here.
Mr. ARCHER. I was .here, and I think tbere
was no other Whig be>ide myself upon the ground;
but the apartment was full of gentlemen on ths
other side.    [\ laugh,]
Mr. KINO The decency party, I unders'and,
was out of doors. Was the honorable Senator
from Kentucky there1* If so, he had no doubt
that order would have been preserved. [Alauyh.]
Mr. K. had heard that the Senator's name was
loudly cheered.    [Lnughter ]
Mr. ARCHER said he was bound to sta'e,
that, although there was a large number inside the
house, they were not in the least tumultuous.
Mr. WRIGHT had frit deep regret at witness-
ing the course of the debate, but he undertook to
censure no one He thought he could see he true
cause lying benea'h; it was to be found in the fa-t
that the Senate was engaged in acting a second time
upon the same subject The minority had resisted
the bill for a Fiscal Bank in the best way they
could; and when it was decided against them, they
bad a right to conclude that the subject was dis-
posed of for th s session. Why had this painful
and improper debate occurred? Because they had
violated the prtncip'e? of parliamentary law by in-
troducing a new bill, during the same sa-sion, on a
matter that had been settled. The Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berrien] had spent more than half
his able argument in showing that the Prssident
was bound to sign the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN said he had commented only on
the President's official acts.
Mr WRtGHTsdid thikdid but the more exhibit
the utter impropriety of the di°cus->ion.
Mr SEVIER tere m?da a question of order, on
the g ounl if irrelevancy, and urg^d the question
on the bill
Tne CHAIR was understood to decide that it
was nut ot ordei now to argue that the bill was not
orderly before the Senaie.    *
Mr. WRIGHT resumed, insisting that the Pies.-
dent had actid in strict conformity with priccip'es
avo Ted by htm for twenty years, and hid been
charged with treachery mere,y because he would
not throw away his c nscience, in obedience to a
caucus mándate. Wh ch was the wor=e treason,
to abandon hts patty, o, violate his oath' Toe bt'l
had bi'n h tiled, in another pl^ce, w th i. broad
laugh at the- odd atte npt to "nead" the President.
It looked as if this bill had been prepared merely to
embarrat.5 h'm m his cwurse Mr W had not tx-
chai gel a word with the President about the mat-
ter; but he believed that the tiiend* of a National
Bank looked on this as. a very in.erable affair.
Mr PRESTON remarked on the wide latitude
of debate which had been indulged, and particularly
by the Senator fiom Niw York who haá ju->t taken
tliS ¡$G3.t
Mr. WRIGHT «plained.
Mr PRESTON, however, still insisted that the
s'rain of imputation which had bfen indulged in,
as to the purpoue cf ihose who had lntrjduced t'te
bi i, was unparliamentary, and very reprehensible.
Who were ih- mends of Pre tder.t Tyler, if nit the
Whig party? Who would stand by hi a, if not Mr
P who ra-> one oí that party'
Mr. WRIGHT again exp'amed
Mr PRESTON continued to animadvert nih
much severity on the efloris making lo produce
ahenation between the President and his Whig
fr.ends. M< P. said that if ihe voice of an old
and tned fuend cou'd reach the President's ear a
friend who never could forget what he had done on
a certain memorable occasion, he would hear it ut-
tering a peremptory contiadiction of those thousand
false and mau&ous rumors with which the very air
was poisoned.
Mr. P adm tted the irregularity of the debate,
but dwelt upon the great d fficulty of checking it
in time, or of restra'mng it atter it had been par- •
tta'ly perm tted. He lamented the warn of cifictal
reverence fot (he President's distinguished station
Such a course oi remark tended to impair the
force of our Republ can w&'i utions The pre-
sump ion was, that every h gh public officer would
do his duty, and be denounced the practice of
giving advice to the Executive from the floor of
cither House o' Congres-.
Mr. SEVIER here called to order, and pressed
for a vote upon the bill
Mr PRESTON greatly admired the zeal which
the President'  proíessiug friends had manifested
to cast abroad shield oít h s official acts but
he hoped tha* distinguished individual woald look
to his real friend*, those wiose efforts had raised
him to his pie  nt station, and no  to men who hai
ridiculed, reviled, and spit upun him. The
Whig*, admitted of some differences of opinion
among their ranks they wtre no trained and
drilled land of meicenanes. The Whig towers
were to be defended on the great militia principle
of voluntary exenton m a common cause.
Mr. PIERCE said he did not intend to prolong
the debate, Ke would nov waive his right to
speak, m order that they might get a vo'e on the
bill. He had the floor something like an hour
ago, but yielded it to his friend fro-n New York,
[Mr. Wright ] He chose to consult the disposi-
tion of h,> friend-, on both si^es of the chamber,
and if they, at this late hou1- of the day, and period
of the session, would have heard h'tn with patience,
he wou'd have made some reply to the very extra-
ordinary remarks of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Ri/es ] He had heard in that Chamber the
course and conduct of the two preced'ng Presiden s,
past and present, animadverted upon in no mea-
sured le ms, and the future ac s of one antic pated,
in language the most caustic and severe Bat in
ihe estimation of the Senator from Virginia, the
hou' had arrived when an approximation to this
was a wild shooting from our sphere, and an inva-
sion of Executive mdependeoce. He had no doubt
that Executive independence woul appreciate now,
as fortunatüly it had on former occasions, what be-
lonjfd to it The Senator fromSiuth Carolina
lud boas'ed of th* fiee and uncontrolled action of
¡hat side of the Cnamber Now ha had too much
regird to the feelings ot impatience on both side -,
to reply to either of the gentlemen, whatever he
might have done an hoar ago. Whether ihey were
free and uncontrolled, was a quest on which it did
not become him to pre'end to sel le. The people
of the cosntry would ra=s upon it, and their judg-
ment vou id be irreversible.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed a desire to reply to
the (¿tier p¿rt of Mr. Buchanan's speech, which
reia'ed m re to the merits, o£ the bill than his
closing remarks, and could i ot consent that the
debate should terminate with ihat speech unan-
swered He therefore moved that the Senate ad-
journ.
M'. BUCHANAN wished to set himself right.
The Sei ptor from Georgia [Mr Berrien] had
Cost on him the whole blame ot this irrelevant de-
bate. Now he bad Uone nothing to provoke it be-
yond a mere playful reply to some remarks of his
fuend from Vi>gmia, [Mr. Abcher ] as to the pros-
pect ot h veto. H* had n.erely followed in his
tiain The Senator from Kentucky had then come
out up"n him in a manner such as that Senator
thougnt priper Mr B did not complain. That
matter was all over He was willing to take bis
share of the responsibility but ihat he had led off
ths ball he ntteny deiil-d.
Mr LINN apoeaed to Mr Berrien to suffer
tne vote to be taken on the bi'l. A' to the appie-
hension ot being whipped, they had all, heihought,
been wbipptd to day. Gentlemen had better go
home and bind uo then bruises. Tne deba'e had
already reached a pretty high point of excitement,
and it it were suffered to go on would grow fu-
rious. If Mr. L should permit himself to reply
now, he should feel impelled to carry the war
lióme i lto the opposite camp, and to push the knife
to the hand e    He thought it belter to adjourn.
Mr BERRIEN remonstrated, and insisted upon
his right to reply.
Mr CALHOUN.    Goon, we will hear you.
Mr BERRIEN said tbe Senator from South
Caro ma was km '. He was willing to hear, and
he wished Mr B to speak at the end of such aa
exhausting day as th s, but Mr B had rather
throw himself upon h s rights before the Senate,
than upon the courtesy of the Senator from South
Carolina
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas and na*supon
adjournment, and, the motion having pa°sed in the
 ffirn ative, the Senate adj mrned.
Friday, September 3, 1841.
Tne Senate hav ng ihe same subject under con-
sideration, after a speech from Mr. Simmons—
Mi. BERRIEN said. Mr President, if no other
gentleman n dr-poopd to address ihe Senate, u will
perhaps be proper, be'ore ihe question is taken on
the engrossment of this bill, that I hould reply
briefly" to the arguments which have been urged
against it In the very outsp', I desire to acquit
myself of having, in the opening remarks which I
addressed to the Sena e, in an/ degree contributed
to the d scu^s.on which has followed concerning
tie views and op,moas of the President in relation
to the measure under consideration, especially as
thess \iews and opinions have been collected from
the rumors of the day. I would, moreover, dis-
tinctly repel, ai I now do, the suggest on that tbis
bitl h&s bren framed with any vie-v to embarrass
the action of that dis'wguished citizen in the exer-
cise of hu constitutional tunc ons—in any spirit
wh ch is inconsistent with a s nr-ere and cherished
regard for the individual, or with the respect and
deference whien are justly due and cherfully ten-
teredto the Chief Executive Magistra'e. I said
then, and I repeat now, that the provisions of this
bill were arranged with a view to secure, and that
they are calculated to secure, the co-operation of
tie coordinate depirtment of the Government
without whose sanction it cannot become a law;
but then, as now, I referred in support of this
assertion to the opinions expressed by the President
