S50                                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'                                 July, 1841.
27th C mg—-IstSbss!                                      Fiscal Bank—Mr. Cuthberl._______________________________Senate.
stripped of those faculties «o necessary to en
ab'e it to afford relief to all cías esof rur ftllow-
ciüzens, of the absence of which tie Pena'or irjm
Pennsylvania so justly complains? Why is it chat
acitiZ^nof Buffalo is denied the farih íes when
•the Fiscal Bask of the United Slate ; would h vr
afforded, in his commercial intercourse wi h ihe
great metropolis ot his own en.pae S'ate, and
which he ought to enj ry? Sir, it is becau e ihi
same Sena'or from Pennsylvania who now u lers
this complain', with his pout cal associates on this
floor, opposed, ícít? v.nbus, the parage ot th* bill
to incorporate a Fiscal Bank, which would have
met and relieved the precise case which he mw
puts in the language of itpr<ach—'hereby so le-
dacmg the rtipjirny in favor of that bill as to 'ub-
jfet it to the uncontrollable action (Í a Presidential
veto,
Mr. President, ( have been mdeb'ed to ihe Sena-
tor fi011  Pennsylvania for the  information mire
than  once communicated to us, on ihe  subject of
exchange, and avail myself oí ibis otcasien to
make my pergonal acknowledgments.    I  bad p e
viously, indeed, an indistinct idea, fathered  lr<m
some other somce, that t x change, stnetly spe. If rg
was measured  by the cost ot  transmitting furds
from one place 10 another, and that ílnclua ions in
Us rate, bke the market pnce o  comme dines, were
influenced  by the rtlaiive ami tint of demand aud
supply.   The Senator   fiom   Penmylvania   has-
however, presented one wew of this subjert whuh
reqmn s a "lomei'iS examination.    In   ihe unir
ingzeal Willi  u inch he wa¡.ck  an lncli^crim naie
watfaie again t ilus instuu ion, in ti hattvi r form
it may be presold, he laughs to scrrn   ihe idi a
that it can be in ai y degree < pervive in it docinsr.
and equalizing exchanges     In  language  which,
with whatever pn puny, has become /anillaras
household words m  il.is cl amber   he piontuicts
the tabu'ar statements ot  ihe r«tes of   exchange
which appears from  nine to lime in our public
] ornáis 10   b,. Ihe venes! "humbugs"  which were
ever aitcrnpted   li> I e j aline d  up 11 an enl miiem d
commuruly.    To a ei itai i ext nt   the anaihet la i,
justified by ihe truih of  il e fact     If   exchange bi
interpre'ed to mean simplj ihe cost of transmitting
funds from one place to anohtr, <r even to  m
c'ude that other element, whiih  must always in-
fluence it rate, the stale of demand and supply, then
these tabular statement d mot repr «ent ihe trulh
of the fact, because ihev include the d ft ting values
of the fund , as these aie esumaied in ihe   places
from and to wh ch the v aie irai.-.miHcd     Bal it  ¡I
be extended to c ompreriei d the ac jal cn-i i f real
umg in one  place,   ttfere   Ihe en lencj  i>  soum',
Ihe fame mmin.il  aw < , tit of fun s  uhch  ae
held in  anoihtr,   him*    .I <> e   nrruv   is d p i-
cíate I, then ihat e'e pre, iaiu n lonns < r e il  luce
jnents which,  logeimr vvnh il e cost < f  uau mis
sion, and the variation in ih' demand and Mipph,
will (Ctermiiic the  rae of ixehmge thus urder
stood, or, m other woids, die co t ol Ihe opera ton
If in one place, w'.e.e the cire ulation consist of
irredeemable, ai d iIiph fore depreciated, bank pa-
per, 1 Bold a given sum, an!  c'i>ire, foi any pur-
pose, lo rtalue ihe s«me nominal r mount of mo
ney in anoihi t p ace, wi ce ihi currency is sound,
the price wh e i 1 mus' pay to i if ct i'ie exchange,
will be fir t the  mi n wh ch  ie nece sary to raise
the  irred emable emen y  which   I  lio d   to  the
value «fsp'nc, .riltlm ih° cost < f innsmilting
it to   the place wl tre   u   is   «anted     Whatever,
therefore,  ma> he  tn< 'I i't  rn'rrp elation of ihe
lerm exchai vje, such is ihe pi^c icl operatunol
effecting exobarsM    be v en (Ulcrint  parís  «¡the
Union at this mnmei t    The rr< '"eirab'e paper
which 1 hoM, w ¡i 11 ih - sphere e í i s e i cnlalu n i
the measure of va'uo     B jord  ih it limit it is   e
p eci ted, ard  th"  rae ot   d pncatien   is mo-
surtd by t'ic c st uf rendering t omverliule. P/a<
tically, the n, wh-   ¡la^   occa ion to use it bey< nd
the sphere < I if c ¡c ¡a i n, I n 's> j ay the ,vro int
of Us depreciation, aswe'las th'eo t of 11 t'ar'
mission    In il.ss  \ifw  tbesi. labn'ar siaiemen  
may be v n 'icalei'.
Bu' hoe-,, >n surn a s'ale of ihings, ¡s this Fi cal
Corporation t ledvee and equahz1tve domes ic
exchang j? The rrd'icion of ihe rate of exchange,
in its strict set se, will be effected by the greater fa-
c ht.es which it v ill p issrss fr m the c rcumsiances |
he eii f re    ta'e J—from  the advaeta-es  which it i
will enjoy as a dtclcrin axcharge and the sbsence ]
of any  motive to deman 1 e*t ibitant  rates, from ¡
the   Imitatnn of  i    mi ends     Is cip^city   to
equal ze rxcharges-, or ra'her to prem^le ihat tb   j
ject, in the  practical interpretation  wln<h  Ih^ve
given to that ter ", will r suit from its liflu'rce on
the loetI eurrenei, tvhere ihat is deprecated, in
promotirg the lesnmption of specie paympn's
Anl now, sir, I will bnrg these remaiks to a
c'ose, by the e?pies*]on of the earnest h( pe thai
this bill may find favor wi h ¡he Senate; and
f<*sh oi'ofJ as it is in stn-t conforrm'y with the pro
jet presented in us by the S-^cr  ary tf the Trea-
sury, Ihat it m?y m'rt the views of the Executive,
wuhout wh S3 concurrerc  win us m 'bis mea- *
sure our labors must be unavailing, and ihe wisVs
and (he winls of a suiTerif.g people mas' bs frus-
trafed and disregarded.
[Here the debate ended ]
REMARKS  Ol'1 MR.  CUTHIÍERT,
OP GEOROIA
In Ssníte Jui y 8   1841.
The bill io mcrrpome the subscribers to ihe
Fc-cal Bank t f the Ui i ed S aie?, b irg under con-
sids ration, and Mr. Walker having moved to
ameid the b 1, by arVi ip to ihe end of ih  17 h
fundamenla! rule of Ihe bill aprovi o to Ihe effect,
"ilat the cashier of every office of discount or de-
post , shall, on tv,e fir t Monday of January m
each year, trarsmit lo ihe presiding rfficer of each
H( use rf Congress a b«t of all no es drcourter!,
and of all bills of exchange bought nid «old b/
Ihose ' (Ti-es toffeihei with the ñames of all draw-
ers «ml endorsers of said notes, and < f all till of
evhirgp, wiln Ihe drawers, cn'orsers, and ac-
ceptor —
Mr CUTHBERT said this was one of those
pants on nh rh fie would feel himself call d upon
by a sence of duly lo address the Senate more
fully than he si ould now d', if the state rf lis
h.alh peimitee! hm He cou'd not, h iwever,
allow this oppirtuuty to pass without snbmi ting
a few remark" Some two or three years ago, m
a débale en recharlenng (he banks of ih s Disiric',
he ha I stated ihat th • binding system ot ihi coun-
try «ould be ineviiably rte«troyH, if two impor
tant principle's were not lnliedueeil n to it Ont
was, public insppclion of e-ery thing connecteel
with banks The o hrr was the liahili y of bank
pre pi ie or-, and mata°ers for ihe cbbgalions of
h ir hanks lo ihe public
The objection made by Ih' Senatoi from Tf n-
tucltv, [Mr Ciay] lh. t the commerc al world was
ml prep- n|f,nuihaii nnovation on the praclire
of bariumg, and ih?t the pi bin ity required, if part
e f the chart r, would prevent sub cnniion lo mike
up the sloe k, wa< not he conceived well founded.
The Senatoi's ehjrc'ion was, n> t tnat the pnncipb
of public inspection was wrong, but that puolic opi
ntoa had not yet reached lb > point of right wh ch
woull amhort7e Congress to depart frem os'a
blishel eiror. V/hat does this amount to, hut ihat
Congress ought not to lead «Iranht foiwarel to right
principles, because a portion of the pubbc, i iferrst
eel in doing wrong, is unwi ling to 'read in itsp-uh?
Why should not the National Council decide
upon that which is ngh', in pre'erence to being m-
duceei lo perp-iuate error by any promotiPffs of ex-
pedí iicj' If, as th" Senator fro-n Kentucky is
fure'cd, in his own love of canden and frank ac-
kno ledgment, to ai*nfit the publ c mind i0 rot yet
prepar d le r just pr.'i"ipies of banking, h  wo o Id
siv t i lum, is mi., then, ¡h° prop r lime for yen io
pass your Bank bill' Whv not wait'ill the public
mn<! is prepare 1 for t' e adoption of just p'incip'es''
You arknonledáe ihít ruhlicitt 's,n nse'f, t nost
richtee us principle, and on>, o a'l e he's best cal
colaied to seeu'e the p mty of humm rctions m
th mrr-asem-nt of all Ihe affairs of heCo-nmum-
t\; xet here, m one e>f ihe Dio"' vi ?1 concerns of
Ihe pt ople, a pro^e^e 1 und  r'aktne to regulate tVir
currency and excHjK.ns¡*>s, you refuse to " e ¿overn-d
by this very principle Are veu afrail, if jou do
right, that the walls of your Caiitil will be storm
ed, and public opinion will condemn you unheard,
for seeking to establish it§ own supremacy?   Are
you afraid that the public mind is advaucing too
rapidly toward* he light of truth? If so, ycurhas'e
to pass this measure is accounted for. In a few
¡ears no such ehartei as this can be propo>ed to
chis peep e Now, then, or never, is the time to se-
cure one for Ihe next iwenty year . The urgency
of getting ahead of me re enligh ened op nions
t^an ne>w pr vjil is so ar'-af, that y> u cannot even
bro k tne delay rf a'lowag your measure to be
fairly and deliberately discussed He wou'd say
to the Senaior, I know very well you have the
power lo carry through your bid now—but you
have not ihe poner of ppipetuatm? it—not tven of
con mu ng lb exstsnee for the tnenty jfarsyou
propose Yon are conscie as of the rapi 1 strides
tie pub'ic mnd is n ale ng towarls correct pnnci-
p'es Why not, then, so shape ycur charter as to
leave an orermg for us lo keep pace with Ihe de-
velopment of th se pr ¡iciples, and to amend your
ci-.ar er la conformity wilh the advancement of the
publ c mi.id from lime to tin ?
Doe^ ihe Senator from Kentucky w.sn. to keep
back the onwari movement of the public mind by
an abridgement of discjssion ¡n this cnambei?—
forgetting all lii't is du" to a people j'alons of
their libei tie0, and che ishing publicity and free and
op'-n di'cusiion, ps iheir best safeguards' What
faith can ihe people have in ihose measuros which
are a'temp cj to be carried without discus ion?
I  it any recomirriielitii n of them 'hat i hey are
forced forward asainn opposing aiguments, and
«i hoot jus'ificattm? I* it any recommendation
of them ihat opposing arguments are attempted to
be cut oíT a d ihat discus ion is abridged by
indirect mean ? That i>bstac c are thrown in the
way tf ihnse who wi'h to -eunj the shoals m
every d rection, les| the vessel of Site touch
so^ie hidden rock through the retkle-'-ne^ of those
who s ten? D es no sentiment of dti.cacy sug-
gest to those in power th it ihe minoiiry opposed to
them shoold ni t be elebarred of ihis right'
We arc told ihat this amendm n', if ¡.dopkd,
Will be an entripe on the feelings ol mdtvi iuils,
who are geneially the bu mess oustomersoi b nks.
Will Ihe genilemen dare to tell ibe people ihat the
feelings of a favoreel few arc more weighty in
their estimation ihan the vital interests of the
whole c"tnmuni }?—that they a'e troie to be re-
spected and preitecled'—that ihe feelingo of a few
needy speculator  are to be put in comtetition
h ih the s'abilny and uniformity of the currene>y
of this great confederat on of Rer ublic 1 If that
is ihe cas-, the irslitulion is a bad one, and Us esta-
blishment should i ot b ' a'.trmpt«e>; and he wo ilj
ttll the Sena'or, lie rerple are f st reaclnrg Ihat
ma'unty o1 jueLmtnt on lins subjee, which would
result in a verdict aga n t tin-, i ¡ensue more de-
eded ihan they had Lvrr yet pione Uuceel en any
pe bucal measure Th i Bank io lo aflord a sound
and uniform currency Did any bank or ysiem
of banking ever yet eiff-ct ihat object? Tne nine
for dispelling all delusions on that point is fast
approaching, and ihis is but ano her effort of the
paper me ney power io aiert the crisis.
He wcnlej say a few words by way of íllu tia-
tien on ihe stibji ct of a rcci nt and beau iful im-
provement by inquirers nto natural h st  y. He
alluded to theconiri'anee of a glass hive for the
purpose of vieiviD" die secret eeonomj of t.,at
model of mdustiy, tne bee. Thn ugh this gia s
case «e are enab'rd to see and spprecaie all
its moyements. Now h~ (Mr. CuTBErRT) wrs
for pu ling bank directed  nto a glass ca^e,
through which all iheer operations con! 1 te
vi'je1 at p easure by thj P'>>¡.1<>. ¡tihey are.s
honest an I i>ductnous ts the bee, ih<-y will have
m thing io conceal. The inspection of the public
eye w. I rot m'errupt their useful labojs Let uie
in ernai machinery of every bank in ihe Union be
laid open to public view, and you wi'] ha.;e no
such scenes of natii rial d stress ard ru i as d .-
¡racted the commaTit; in ISS^-S Thai k,n i of
public inspect!'n wheo the director? siould Le
mede to \ield to, non d res ra a ihem from such
acts of reciprocating favoritism which has b*en
the main sou'ee of the disorgaii zjiion of ihe cur-
rency at all ii nes. For, after all, that is the ma n
point; and publicity ii the only effectual restraint.
The cjuestion is, has the Senator from Mississipii
