August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
381
iTrw. Cong""1st Sess.
Repeal of Independent Treasury—Mr. Shields.
H. of Reps.
uuceasing complaint here and throughout the coun-
try. I allude to what is generally lernied "the de-
rangement of the exc^arg>s," err wins out of this
disordered condition ot trie cartmcy. The evils
growing out ot the inequality? in the value o bank
note?, and the consequent apparent difference in
the rates of exchange, are numerous and very per-
plexing. Bat Í must further say, that in jefe-
rence to few subjects within my knowledge does
a greater degree of misapprehension and error
pervade tho public mind, and the minds of many
gentlemen here, whom 1 have heard speak upon
ths subject.
The depreciation cf bank paper, and the inequa-
lity oí that depreciation., are often, and indeed gene-
rally, character'zed as "the derangement of th?
exchanges;" and the degree of the depreciation of
bank paper below specie par is held acd regarded as
the degree of "the derangement of the exchanges;—
as exhibiting the degree of the difference or inequality
in the rates of exchange. This view of the subject
is totally incorrect and untenable.
The exchanges tetween any two point?—as, for
instance, bslween Mobile and New York—may
be entirely equal, whilst the local currere'es of
the two places may be greatly wMjuaHn value,
and when exchanged or.e for the other, would
exhibit that inequality in a striking manner,
as do the local currencies most generally
throughout the Union at ths time. During the
last winter, the n< tes of the Bank of Mobile aad
ot the Planters and Merchant-, Bank, (ooth specie
paying banks,) at Mobile, bought checks and bills
of exchange on New York at par, or within a frac-
tion of par; whilft, at t'sie same lime, the notes of
a non specie paying bank on another street in the
iame city, (to wit, the branch bank at Mobile,)
with a capi al paid in of four millions of dollars,
could net buy a check or bill on New York short
of a premium of ten or twelve per cent. Now, in
this case, the premium of ten or twelve per cent,
paid ¡or a check on New York in the notes of ihe
branch bank, sho.ved the degree of the deprecia-
tion of the paper of that bank below the specie
standard. It did net show any difference or ine-
quality in exchange; for iho fact lhat the notes of
the other two specie paying banks would buy ex-
change on New York at par, p-oved the exchanges
to be equal. 8y exchange, we mean the exchange
of value in one place for value in another; not the
nominal amount of bank notes in one place for the
same amount of bank notes in another; but the
value of said amount of bank notes in specie in
one place, for the same value in specie in another.
The depreciation of b-nik notes below specie par
does not arise from any inequality or "derange-
ment of the exchanges," but from the failure of the
bank or banks issuing them to redeem them in specie.
Whenever back paper is not convertible into spe-
cie, its  value  must necessarily fall below specie
par__the rate of depreciation  being regulated or
controlled by a variety of circumstances as, for in-
stance, the quantity in circulation in proportion to
the demands of business lor a circulating medium;
the indebtedness of the community in which it cir-
culates to distant or foieign communi'ies, growing
out of their commercial intercourse; the prospect or
probability of its early c ultimate redempiion in
specie; and other ci-cumstances that influence tje
conduion and u«e of credit and currency. It is,
indeed, possible that paper not convertible imo
specie may be kept at p.ir \vi h specie; but such a
state can only result from the force or especial po-
licy of law, attended with a rigid limitation of the
quantity of such paper in circulation to a scanty
supply of the demand that may exist for a circulat-
ing medium.
And, on the ether har.d, whenever bank rap-r
is readily convertible into specie, it is at once^and
thereupon at par with specie—sometime?, inrleej,
a shade above specie par, (especially Mlver par.)
in consequence of its greater portability and conve-
nience for heavy business transactions. _ It is only
when the bank no'e currency of a place is in suca
a condition, that its exchangeable value can be re-
garded as indicating accurately the true rates of
exchange. And when the local enrrency of a place
is in such a condition—that is, when it is converti-
ble into specie—the rates of exchange with other
places having the same sort of a c ,-rency—a spe-
cie paying currency—ate icguldteu exclusively by
the action of  trade, and   ihe  cost  of  tran'-poríitis;
specie  1'iom  one point io   another.    At neither of
such punts will the depreciation of bank pap°r be-
low   specie   par exist,   and consequently  ftfford
cause for misleading and bewildering the mind in
regard to the true rates of exchange.    A merchant
ol Mobile or New Orleans, for example, will not
pay five,  ten, or fifteen per cent,  premium for a
check or bill of exchange on  New York, when by
calling at the counter of the bank he can exchange
his Alabama or New Orfe^cs banknotes for specie,
which in a very few dajs he can 'h:p or transmit
to   New  Yo.k at   a trifling   cost,   not   exceed-
ing   from one   to   two   and a half   (1    to 2J)
per cent.    It is the circumstance lhat he has it in
his power to withdraw the specie from fhevaubsof
ths Bank, and  transmit it so cheaply to  the  de-
sired point, and the certainty that he will   do so
rather than  pay a high rate of exchange, that
places the Bank in his power, and compels it to
furnish him with Northern funds, or such funds as
his n> cssities require, at a low rate of exchange.
The merchants at  the commercial   points in the
South, and, indeed, ihioughout the  world, are by
these means enabled to command  the exchanges;
to fix their ra'es within jetst  lira's; and at tush
rates, thus estab'Uhe I at (he corfmeicial points by
the mercantile ops rations of those points, the whole
surrounding country is accommodated, and all fo-
reign paj meats and distant monetary transactions
performed.   Specie-paying  banks are compelled
to kesp on hand an abundant supply of exchange
to accommodate the commercial wants of the coun-
try; otherwise, their specie  will be drawn  from
their vaults; and, finally, a suspension cf specie
payments rendered unavoidable.    And I will take
occasion   here, to  remark,   as  I   pass  on,  that it
should ever be an, invariable unalterable rule of con-
duct for every bank, ai every commercial point in
the Union, never lo i sue a solitary dollar of its ; a-
per for circulation, except upon   a  basis  composed  of
the specie in its vaults, and aviilable bona fide bills of
exchange, drawn upon the transfer or sale of ths com
modiiies of commerce.    The amount oí   its notes in
circulation   should   never   evce-d the agaregate
amount of its specie in vault, and of resi 6minus
bills of exchange, drawn upon the products of the la-
bor ojthe country.    A bank should  never discount
even the genuine business notes, representing the
real substantial business transactions of the com-
munity in which it is located, except with its actual
capital.    Capital alone should   be   the   basis  or
means cf such discounts; and never should a  bank
venture to issue a dollar of its  paper upon credit,
except in the discount of genuine available bills of
exchange, which, within a reasonably short period,
will yield a return m spece or specie funds.   Un-
der a rigid adherence to this rule, the  evils  which
have sfTi cted the country here ofore,  and which
now weigh so he-avily upon it, from a blending of
the functions of issue and discount ¡n banks, would
be averted; order and uniformity  restored  to  the
currency;  equality  to the  exchanges;   soundness
and health to trade and   credit.    A sound specie-
paying currency, adequate to the just demands  of
business, would be 'he result of such action of the
banks; and this is what the country want , and all
that the country wints.
We have seen, however, that $110,000,000, or
two-thirds of the whole bank currency of the coun-
try, are not convenible into specie; and conse-
quently sre depreciated—variously depreciated—
below specie par in different quarters of the Union.
This deprecation, and the varied tlegrees of if,
rinsing from three and five per cent, to as low as
fifty per cent, elo not at all show, as we have also
«fen, any inequality or derangement of the ex-
changes; hut exclusively the degree of credit, or
rather of discredit, attichtd to each de-cription of
hsnk paper, of which the whole inacs is composed.
Whenever gold &t>d silver com is ihe standaid of
value, as in the United States and throughout the
commercial world, Ihe exchanges se've as s ba-
rometer to test the value and credit of the local cur-
rencies of the different states and nations trading
wiih each other.
It is plain, that if all the  non-specic-paying
banks of the Union were to resume and continue •
the payment of specie upon their notes, the ine-
qu-ili'tes thai now characterize the comparative
value of iheir paper w. uld immediately disappear,
and, in common phrase, the exchanges become re-
gulated And it necessarily results from this, that
the existing suspension ofspeciepayments by the banks
is the direct and immediate cause of all the disor-
ders of the currency and "derangement of ex-
changes" complained of.
Why, then, do the banks not resume specie pay-
ments, and restore soundness and uniformity to the
currency, and equality to the exchanges? Ah, sir,
this is a pregnant question. It is easily answered;
but the answer discloses the latent cause, the real
root of all the ills that afflict us. Some there may
be that will not resume, from the want of inclina-
tion; but few there are, I take it, that can resume,
because of the want of ability.
In' the document aheady quoted, we find the ag-
gregate of loans and discounts due the banks stated
to be $462,896,523; and it will be not far from
correct to suppose twe-tbirds oí this sum to be due
to the banks now in a state of suspension. Now,
sir, the unfortunate individuals who bear the rela-
tion of cnbtors to these banks are unable to pay
this immense mass, this usurious accumulation of
debt.   Tne sum of $308,587,682 (two-thirds of the
above agrégale) due them from insolvent and
embarrassed debtors, does not present a descrip-
tion or character of resources immediately availa-
ble—of debts so easily collectable. Tne indebted-
ness of individuals to one another—of the people
among themselves—if we are to pay any respect to
what is said here in favor of the passage of a
bankrupt law, is immense—indeed, incalculable.
To what source are the debtor classes to appeal
for relief from the galling bondage that oppresses
th-m? The enactment of a bankrupt law may
relieve such as are hopelessly insolvent; but the
effect of such a law is the annihilation, not the
p-symen', of debt. And under its operations an
immense proportion of the debts due the banks
may be annihilated, but not paid. The banks may,
and in all probability will, be greatly weakened.
A great deal of properly held by bankrupts will be
disposed of at forced sales, with a view to the dis-
t'ibuiiou of the proceeds amongst creditors, under
the oper.-.tions of the law. The ccn3tquence of
this must be, a very great decline in the prices of
property; and a further unavoidable consequence
pf such decline will be, the bankruptcy of a vast
number of embarrassed debtors, who, at the present
prices of property, by the sale of a part of their
effects, and hard labor, economy, and industry,
would be enabled finally to relieve themselves.
The true and only means of relief wiih that class
of debtors who are not insolvent, but siill oppressed
with debt, are to be found in a resort to labor, eco-
nomy, and perseveting industry. By the em-
ployment of such means alone, debts to the banks
and debts to one another can be discharged. Tfte
payment c f debts to ihe banks wii! enable them to
rca'ize their as-ets, and resume specie payments ;
and the re-umplion of specie payments will restore
the currency, "equalize the exchanges,"ana relieve
the country from innumerable evils. To accom-
plish this great work, time, patience, perseverance,
and prudence, are indispensable requisites. The
country requires repose—freedom from political
agitation am! party strife. Men must learn to re-
Iv upon their own individual resources as the only
sure iñeins oí relief from deot and of the attain-
ment of wealth. Government should do its duty
in maintaining, with rigid fidelity, as far as its
constitutional powers will enable it, the gold and
silver stundard of value ordained by 'he Constitu-
tion; its influences will be to encourage labor, indus-
try, economy, and al! the virtues that make the
good man and patriotic citizen; to coerce banks in
a strict line of duty, purify the currency, and sup-
pert sound credit.
These, and these only, are efficient means of re-
lief for the debtor classes, the banks-, and the coun-
try, as time, the unerring test of ths {fficiency of
all human expedients, will abundantly prove.
Debt is ihe disease of the country, the source of
oppression  to individuals, and of embarrassment
I anil discredit to  the bank,; the cause of want of
