August, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$97
27th Cong"««1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ger of that1    Y >u may raise the <et p5r c-^ntam io
fcttr-en   or   twen y,   .'¡id i> •      pis^     It did pass
for twelve aid a half  n 1334,   an ! why  is  it >e
duced to lea i,o*l    You may raise the grant> ol
land from htlf a million oi acres to five millions
and it will pass.   The dis'nbutees  will tak^ what
they can g'l: it is all a Windfall to thera! the plun-
derers will take what they find:  it is all clear gam
tethem'.   They give nothing, and they get some-
thing; and though they may be greedy after much,
they will not be sccnful of a little.    They will not
give up th? bill because u may  los' a part of its
contents—the tenth part—or ihe half—or even the
nine tenth*.    Whi e there  is any th.ng left in it,
they will stick to it—will hang on—and clamor for
their shire: so that th  alarm argument has no ter-
rer-> m it—a 'thing tJ itigii en a lxthe: and lie geu
tlemen from trie new ¿hates   \   o  suppott the bi i,
and without whose vot s it cannot pato, m*y taiif
courage, and raí e their  tern , and fix  t«eir own
c in hu<ms     Tncy may nuke  their ma k  as higti
a^ they p!ease: the,r  tariff trends will   go it, be-
cause the passage < f the bill insjris the parage of
a new tariff law.    Their pjli icsl friends wi'l go it,
beeau>eit is a par'y mea'or^.   Tne .overs oi dia-
t ibuuon will so  i', because fiey get   simethinsr.
Tnp friends of   Slate  debt as iii plioi, mi of tv
Br tish capitah ts-, will all go  if, because  it  is t le
entering wedge to  rissump ion, and the first fruits
of foreign ínierierpnc" in  cur doon sue legislation
No ! Nr ! no alarm upon th-it^eore ' no danger of
iosinz the bill lor putting in a little more for the
new States,    it will pass, put in what you  may '
Tnose who can vote for such a bi 1, will take it—
be 'he contents more or less.
And now, how came the quantity of five hun-
dred thousa"d acres to be a^igaed to s'x ot the
near States, when IU.noio had above 600 000, In-
dimaabov 800 000; a.d Ohio above 1,000 000?
How came this quantity of five hu-,dred tnonsnd
to bea-signed to Alabama, M' s.i-sippi, Loui>iana,
Arkansas, Missouii, and Mi ugan, when the
others had so much more; and then these six
States to have theirgrants foisted mio the Distnbu
tioi bill wnen 'be tnree others had theirs in s~pa-
taie bilh? And how cam  th s Distribution bill to
be with'Ut lhes>e grjits when it was first intro-
duced? How cime these strange things to hap-
pen? I can tell you, sir, and I mean to tell yi u:
for it is light lhai the Senate and the States should
know all about it —the S na'e, that it may under-
stand what it is do ng now—and the new State-,
that they may know what to demand hereafter.
Listen then to what I wi 1 tell, ind to ■ hit I shall
prove as I go, by exact references to the puma's
and to the register of our debates
I have then to inform you that t'jese gran"- of
half a million. of acres cf land to the new States
are my proposition*1—that a bill to tnat effect was
introduced by me (for Missouri aline, the other
States being added by amend mats) about ten yats
ago; and renewed innuallv af awards either hy
rmself or somt> Semur fiO-n 'ne New States, and
always opp 'sed and defeated by the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] when we p' ipos d it, and
since adopted bv him as a part ot h s Ian 1 bill dis-
tribution scheme. This is the origin and history
oi ihese grants; and this I will now prove to the
Senate by authentic referenc s.
Beginning at the ses ion ot 1831—á, wh'ch wgs
the pen id of us first introduction, at page 194, oí
the Jour >al thit -es-Mu, Í tmd 'h s en ry:
" Agieeably to no'ic gtvei, Mr Benton aslce 1 and obtained
leave to bring la a bill to grant lo the bta e of Wissouii a cei
fin quantity ol laid for the i urposes of inter a! improve
ment, which was read, and ordered that it pass to a s cond
reading "
T^at bill was m ihfse wrrds •
" Be it enacted by Ihe Senate and House of Representa
tivesof tiWrufdSlat.es of A lencain Conor's? assembled
Trial theie shall be gianted to the State nf Missouri the qu mot)
of five hundred thousand acres ot land Iviug within tne limits
of said Sta'e, to be selected undet the direction orthe Legisla
ture thereof, and to be taken in p tree 8 conformably <■<> sectional
divisions and s ibdivisions, out of any lands which are subject
t) entry at nnva'e sale, tbe said giant to be made on the fol
towing conditions
First Tnat the said lands shill not be sold for a iess price
them the minimum price of public lands at the time of the salí
or s^lt^s
"Secondly   That the proceeds shali be applied to object' of
Internal improvement within the State, namely, roads, bridges,
canals and improvement ofwatercourses, and draining swamps
"Thirdly   lhat the said roads, canals, bridges, and water-
«ouros, when made, or improved, shall be free for the transpor
tatton of the United States mail and munitions of wai, and fui
lie parage of men troops, without the payment of anv toll
wba e er "
' t^" Vi7 \>t h ]>d< aisn w iti " t e bi< was
tea) daten id ti.ne mi Mt en 21 t and co ,sid-i'"tt
m Cornr uttee (i the Whole, and reterred to the
Committee on Road  and Canals. Page 312 shows
that it was reponed bacj: with an amendment, to
include other new S ates, page 329 shows that the
amendment was agreed tc; and pag* 354 shows
th^t it was reported to the S-na e as amended, and
ordered io b^ engrossed and read a third time. On
June 16th it was read a third tune, and after being
read, it was laid upon the table for the remainder
of the session. Th- journal sho>vs these pioceed-
mgs in relation to the third reading and layuig on
the table-
"The o to gt tnt'o the ctate of Mi .mriactn'ain quanti y
of 1 md foi thr. pui poses t r inlet nal i np ovemen', having been
reported bv tie cotnn l't^. cenrec iy enetc-sserj, wis read the
tbn t time md on motion oí Mi B ipkner that it be laid on th^
table, it ,\ is detei nined in the affirmative—yeas 27, navs 13
On motion ol Mr Wjjgaman, the yeas a id nays bemit lie led
by one fifth ofir-p senators pr.-ent, those who voted io th-^ afín
mauve aie Mes-is Bell, Brown, Bockner, Chambeis, Clay,
Clayton, Dallas Uickerion, Dudley, Font, Foisylh Fidinghuy
sen Iliync Hill, Holmes, Knisht, Maneum, Marcy, Miller,
Naiidam, Pienttss, Seymour, Silsbee ^pngne, Ton^lmson
Tyler, and W¡¡j,¡n9 Those who voted m the negative are
Mems Benton, Giundy, Hen lucks, J hnston, King Mroie,
I oindexter Robbtns, liobm^on, Smitli, lasewth, Wa0°anmn,
and White '
Tnus tne bill vas laid upon the table—that is to
say—rejected.
The Register of Debates CDntams but a brief no-
t c ot the di<cussion, but enoug i to show who was
t! e chief ■ pponent of the bill     It sav^:
1 The bill grarrtin? to the 3 lies of Missouri, Mississippi, and
Louisiana 5UÜÜ0O arles of land each forth  purposes of inter
nillmpi oven lent, wis read ath'rd time The subject wasdis
i ussed hy Messrs loot, Johnston, Benton, JTielinglluysen,
Chambers, ííendnck , Clay andBuckner "
From thesketci given, it appears that the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, the aulhoi of ihe land bill, was
ihe pri icipal onponent to it And thus terminated
th" first ai'empt to mtke tl-ese half mil ion grants
to 'He n<n/ Stale wh.fh hid not received ue'i
grants when others did. Prom this auihennc his-
tory of 'he origin ot the propo'iaor, and the fate
of the first hill whi"h was. brought in, it is e ¡a-
hh hed that I was the autht r of it, and therefore
am not only entitled o the honors of paternity, but
a'n the peison to answer eve'y question concerning
it, and especially to give the reason wny the
quantuy of 500 000 aces ; ad been the quannty
fixed upon as ptoper io constitute the grant. I,
who fixe 1 the quantity, can tell the reason w1 y
ihit par icular q Mn'tiy was named. It was tins:
iha' it was about the one-half of what had been
gran'ed to Oht , and ( bcliev«d it best to apply for
half at a tune—th,-' ih° application wtuld stand a
bet "T cu >e 'o sue eed or the half than for the
whole—and that *ht rem,, rder night be had at
aao h«r time. This 5 s ale to be the reason; and
as we g it nothing ih«-n,aud have waited ten year ,
and un il ihe public lands have b en picked over,
wend  apply for the whole; s.nd if we fail in the
demand, we thill iticssamly rerew it until it u
sianted.
Thus termimVd the fi's' attemit to make the-o
half mi hon grants At the s sMin 1833-3, i'
was again mtioduced by m=, (page 61 of ihe
Senate j lurna1,) and refeired io the Coiomittee on
Ro-,ds <>nd C-inai , which rever reported itbick
to the S=rate A> th s?, on of 1833-34. tie
sarye bilí was agvp. injrjfi, ced by me, ( age 37 of
the journal,) refcir. d, ana rot rtpoitd b ck.
At the session 1834-5, the ta>""e bil' was again
introduced by m\ (page 36 m ihe j mrnal,) wh eh
was reterred t> a coman eo, reponed back, con-
si iered oy the Senate, and finally laid upon tne
table, ipage 193 ) At the session ot 1835-6, I
pgii" irrrodu ed the sme b 11, (page 56 ot the
jouri -i',) whica eventually shirrd the Usual fa p,
and was 'aid on ih" table, (page 279 ) At tne
%es ion of 1S35-6, I w¿nt thr' u^h ihe same pro
cessot m'roi'u^ifis'the bill, refcir ng, an I coasi-
deri'g, aid wtn the «ame resul', (Sena'e joumil,
pages 33 42, 173 ) At a su^sr-q^ent se^s on the
same bill waf introduced, nut by m , but by a
Sena or from one of the new S ates mtetested, but
With the satre fate wlvch a ttndod it be'oie.
This authentic detsil oí facts, sustained by cx-
aei references, proves; 1 That these ualf million
grants originated  with m«:   5   That they   were
commenc d before the Land Distribution bill was
ever thou h- of: 3 That they wre conitnuedfri m
\e t tu e, it i 4 rnat i / w-> e ■<•> u-ea,
a "'V i tru ,, , te seNi i iKent,ek>,
[Mr. Clay j he a j hor of ihe Di-inbution Dili: and
5 Thd,.he has taken up my bill, justas I drewil—
quantities—terms and conditions—and inserted it
in his bi!', and now supports in his bill, what
he always opposed <a mine' Tais I hold to
be unjust.fiable in itself—contrary to all fair
legist tun—injurious to the new States, whose
rights l,d,ve been opposed when resting on
the'rown merits, and are now mixed up incon-
gruously with another bill, to which their grants
have ro iclation, to which their members are op-
posed, and where they can only be placed for the
purp se of purchasing support tor the Land bill,
and subjecting to censure the Senators who vole
against it. Onto, Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, had
th írgr-ints in sepárale b.lls, tmconnec ed wuh
any o hfr subject- the remaining, States—Missouri,
Michigan, Arkansas, Musis  ppi, Louisiana, and
the fractional quantities to Indiana, Illinois, and
A'aoama—s-ouH be in  the sdmH form     Their
incoipora'ion in this bid is an injury to them__has
kep' hem out of their rights for ncir 'en year-, and
uniii the lands have been picked and culhd
many times over, and until the giants will
be worth but a moiety oí their va'ue, it accorded
at the time I brought in the bill. It is, besides, un-
just to these Stales to have their bill mixed up wilh
this Distr'butitn measure—a novel, dangerous,
unconsututunal, coriupt, el ctioneenng scheme;
one to which General Jackson refused his sanction,
and to which it is kno.jo. tne wnole body of ihe
Democratic party is opposed, both on ct nstitanonal
pii"ciples and on high grounds of national policy,
and purity of federal legisla ¡on.
These are not new ventinif uts with me, nor ut-
tered here for the first time. I have ofien uttered
them KAr"—■*> often as the Lai.d Distribuí on
bill ha1- appeared hue, freighted w, h my bill—
an'' parti,ularly m the sesión of 1833—'4, and!
will n w r ad an txliaet from a speech then made,
to show win , I then saii of it.
Mr B ihen read-
it? vh act fi o n Mr   Benton's speech agatnst Mr    Clays
Lind BUt~ciesiion of lb33-31
"Mi B had txnnmed mostof the obnoxioi s featuies of the
bill hut tinte w is one festute which could not be passed with
the incidental no i e which h^d been bestowed upon it Ittias
that provision which pioposed a donation of land to six of the
new states The bi it.f h stoly of these land do ¡itlons was 111
t ip knowle l"t and the mtmoiy of tne Senat" Congress here-
tofntc hal gianttl one million of acies of hnd to Ohio fcr
loads arid canal , anil ncailv hall a million each to tbe Slates
of Indiina, Illinois and A'ahami 'or the same pulposo All
these grants were made upon the uul\er all., understood pitn-
crplc, that the United Stales, asa giear landhul'er in these
M lies, p iy ng no taxes working on no road ,and having the
Use of all the State loads foi het mails and troops, was b und
tocontribu to the genet il improvement of the country Tne
leism whuh 3, phe 1 to Ohio, and the other mined States,
applied with equal or Greater foice in behalf ol Mis oun, *
\lts-issippi, ant Lon lana, each of which had immense
qtiMUurs of public lands within is limits, aid had
ncvei i ceivel citlir1! dsnatiiuis of laid or opproprra
inns  of   mmty,   'or   olivets   ot    intn ial    improvement
10  pu th e Matts s iniewlitt < n i footing with he otheis, he
(Ml B ) at an e ¡ri> ! erlo 1 of the 1 isl^es on, ha 1 bi ought ma
mil to grant to Mission ha f the q lantlty of ¡and which Ohio
had received, tne aenarois fiom Liui^iana ant Mississippi ad
de 1 uniii lm<-n s to m tkeequale;ia us to their lespective States,
ind m this lorm the bill r< ceived the fivorable consider tion of
the Senate was oulered to its third readme was cngrossed,nnd
actually read a third tiitip (see Journal, page 35S) w hen it was
lain u|"on he tille chiefly by the votes of those whoweiem
favor of the D stnbutitu bill, and afterwards taken up hv the
ftien is of that bill, l tcoipciai^d with it, and addttio ial grants
allowett ludíala ml II i i n, to maree np thoir qi ant ties
equal 11 mlf i nitrito letc'i i'ne Dh r<bi ion bill,tui freight
e i with he Sti-so i hi 1 passe 1 tie ¡senate Vvas lost m the
ííoüst ol 'ppresen ativcs, ard oroti£ it •biw-id aean at this
ses loi with the 6U-,siuri bill in it ilth ™<>h I e (Mr B ) had
again ntroduced it as aseo trate mea ore To a 1 tin  proceed,
tur Mi B expressed his stionstest c mt'en nation His bill
was a separate measure loslins; upon i s own merits, no
way dependent upon the IJistributlon b'll and entitled to its
s pa " p r ins'deraiion an 1 decision, as the giants to Ohio,
11  liana n 1 lili i i s hal been separately decided lo p t
it into bed ^riihutinn till wisto enti nrieit m the fate of abll!,
wuh whim u bad no conntf(ioi),and by which it had been deiayed
m i's pa*~ igc fora vi ar, and might be delayed as much longer
it was iho n lay hm under the necessity ot voting leaiiisthis
ovvi bill, is he could not take Hm company with (he Distnbu-
Il m bill, and thus furnish a topic for electtonet ring at>at ist him
n his Srate—a topic which had been free } t ted bui without
any effect, tl anks to the ntelli tence of the people of Missouri,
who quickly comprehended the manceuvie and thanks to
their high spirit, which despised it Tne Distribution bill is
now again d.pendir1 withal) these giants of land m it, and
must have an effect upen ns passage—perhaps be the means of
getting it through One Senator, at least, the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Ml   Poindexter,] who advocates tbe Dlstnbmion
