398                                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          ________          July^lWl.
27th Cong......1st Skss.                                   Public Lands—Mr. Habersham.                                                     H. of Reps.
" ■                                                                      ... i       i                                      . —
bill, lays spreat Strega upon this donation of half a million of
acres to his own Slate, and seems to dread the censure of his
constituents, ifheshould lose the chinee ofsecurm-T so large a
grant, though certainly he ouüin (u b<i ihe last person to tound
an argument of seif-aUrm on that Circumstance, as it was on
his own motion that this grant to his Slate and the cth< r S ares
had been incorporated in th.; Distribution bill. Another reason
why that Sjua'or should not be uneasy, is the known facts ju^t
mentioned, that these separate grants had substantially once
passed the Senate, when the bill containing them wasoideod
to be engrossed for a third leading; that they had afterwards
paVsed as a part of the Distribution bill; and the sense of the Se-
nate having been thus shown in their favor, there could be no
doubt of their passage in a separate bill; uniess.indeed, it was to
be admitted that they were put into ihe Distribution bill for the
purpose of creating an interest to carry it through—an admis-
sion so derogatory to the Senate, that I, could not be believed
until it was recorded."
This is what 1 said in 1833-4, and events have
more than justified all that I said. The land bill
passed that year, but was retained by Presid nt
Jackson, and relumed at th: ensuing session,
with his objections to il; and thus ihe new States
all lost iheir grams. They we;.- los' because they
were in bad company—in a^illtowhch there
were constitutional, and oth^r li'gh otjections, If
they had been separa'e, as they ought to have been,
the President would have signed the bills which
contained them, insiantly. They have been kept
in the Land bill ever since—during the succeedme
term of General Jackson and lhat of Mr. Van
Buren—well knowing that either of these Presi-
dents would sign the bills for ihe grants separately,
but would reject them in the Land Sil!. A'l this
wascontrary to fair legislation, and seemed intend-
ed to throw upon tnose Presidents the odiGm of
jejecting grants which ihe author of ihe Lsnd bill
was presenting to the new Siaies. It is now in the
bill, contrary to all fair legislation; and subjects the
real friends of the grams to the necessity of op-
posing them, while their real enemies -eem to sup-
port them. This will make a fine theme for elec-
tioneering. It will figure finely in party warfare;
but it will fail now as it has done here'ofore.
The intelligence of thsi people will delect the
manoeuvre, and their spirit will despise it.
The authors of Ihis manoeuvre will gain
nothing by it; and th«y will be he1 J
accountable for toe los^ of the grants for so
many years past. v.hen so much better landccu'd
have been obtained to sUis'y them. The people
aie not deceived as to ihe friends and foes of these
grams. They know lhat the Democracy ars fur
them, and the Federalist agaimt them. They
know ihe purperes for which they are put in the
Distribution bill, and they despise such purposes.
The vote upon the impending proposition, will
show ihe friends and the fees of the measure. All
the oiher new Stales are entitled, oi the least, to Ihe
same quawity which was granted in Ohio: the
proposition now impending is to increase the half
million grants to lhat quantity; and Ihe votes (o te
given upon this proportion, with ihe exception i.f
thojefrum Pennsylvania, (whoso Senators are un-
der instructions) will pretiy correctly .«how who ate
for doing justice !o the new Stai-s, and who are
against it. At ihe next session me whole subject
will come up again. This little triumph, like all
the other triumph , of Whigery, will be of short du-
ration—last about as long as a summer snow! At tho
next session the new States will appear here again
—disenthralled from Distribution bills—standing
upon their rights, and demanding their due. Tiiey
will demand what the Distribution bid refuses
them: to wit: graduated prices for th" public landa
—a permanent prospeciive pre emption sys'em,
free from unjust and destructive restrictions—and
the increased quantities of land which will make
their grants, of least, equal to the Ohio grant. It ¡s
o-.ly three monihs to \hf next session: we will then
apply for what is denied us now; and in ihe mean
time will take the half million grants in part pay-
mtnt.
SPEECH OF MR. HABERSHAM,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives, Julj 2 and 3, 1841—
On the Distnbuiion and Pre-empticn bill.
On motion of Mr. W. C. Johnson, ibo House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the slate of ihe Union, (Mr. LiwaENCE of Penn-
sylvania in the chair.) oa ihe bill to appropriaie
fie proceeds of ihe tales of the public lands and to
graat pre-empiion rights.
The  pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Cmff rd so strike out the enaclins clause—•
Mr. H.tBnRdKAM sail thai h- «ould mak 
nn apology for ímrudií g upon the attention of the
committee at this time. He had been si'ting here
¡hrough two sessions, and had not occupied, during
lhat tila , on3 hour in debate; nor had ha occupied
more than ¡en minutes of the present session. If
some gentlemen, who were so anxious to save time,
but who always took care to be fully heard them-
selves on every important queslion, would but oc-
casionally give a silent vole, and allow oihers a
chance to be heard once or twice during the session,
there would, perhaps, be more time saved lhan
there was now. He, therefore, as he had already
said, would make no aprlogy for presenting hU
views at ib s time. His object was io present, in
as succinct a way as v. as possible, 'he motives and
views which would govern h s vole. He did not
hope to sjgscst one smgle new argument or n w
idea, for he believed lhat. evsiy argumct fur or
against this bill had been already suggested in tbe
debate AH h  asked was the peor privi'ege ef
culling froii thi; mass of arguments wh cb. had
been made, a few of the reasons why be would
vo'e againsi the hill. My honorable friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Wm, Cist Johns n] whe inlro-
durfed Ihis bill, and opened ihe debate upon it,
hid, in his concluding remarks, expres-ed ihe hope
that the bill would be taken out of ihe committee
by the close of the week. Mr. H.said he was cer-
tainly not disposed to see the time of the Houre
was'ed, nor was he indisposed to see in  debate
closed with the wek, for he was among >h* mot
anxious to save time; but he thought that those
who had had an opportunity of expressing their
views should be courteous enougtt to allow others a
like opportunity.
Mr. H. ¡>ai', I fully concur wiih the honorable
sen'leman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Coopsd,] in
the hope lhat ihi* nation may rue its resonrcsin
such manner as to mak« them the mvans of addin;-,
to ils prospiruy and welfare in every isspect. Kf
felt high graiificalion, as well as pride, in seeirg
ihe extraordinary improvements which had been
made, and were still in progress, in every pari of
the Union He felt an especal gratification and
pride in ob'erving what had been done, vas (loin?,
and would soon be accn-np'ished in his o<vn Stale.
In two or three jear  ai most, tie great seaport of
h'.< own StPJe, Savannah, would enjoy a c-mtiru-
o'J'i steam Iran ¡porta.ion bv way of ¡he Tennessee
river, from the falls of ihe Missouri, the falls of tbe
Mississippi, ¡he great northern lakes, and from
Pittsburg; and by the Alabama river, and by Ihe
Flint river, with the Gulf of Mexico. It wa°,
therefore, with some reluctance that he would voe
rgiinst this bill; for, although his S'ate had wilhin
herself ample resources lo accomplish this great
work, yet, in the present pressure upon her trea-
sury and h r people, her share of (hese proceeds
would be convenient, though not absolutely neces-
sary, to the cornpleiion of her great works; but, in
this instance, he felt himse'f hound to look to the
expediency of this bill; and, while he was anxious
that the great work of internal improvement and
education in the Stales should go on, yet he was
unwilling lo consent so to cramp and hamper the
means and resources of Shi General Government
as to disable i> ffi-r; pro'ecting and defending the
Slates from foreign aggression.
In presenting his view< on ihis bill, Mr. II. said
he would, fur convenience sake, in leply to the ar-
guments which had been urged in iis favor, consi-
der lhat all the arguments which could be so urged
had been presented m Ihe published speech of his
friend from Maryland, [Mr. W. C. Johnson,! who,
as chairman of the comm.ttee, had tpened ihe de-
bale on '.hi? bill. Trial, from the distinguished
talent and great ingenaity of his friend, and from
the conviction lhat his friend, for his own sake, as
well as from the pressing wants of bis own Sla e,
hsd presented for the consideration of (he commit-
tee all lhat could b« presented in favor of the b'll,
he (Mr. H ) would feel safe in assuming '.bat that
speech did contain all the stron  arguments in fa-
vor of ihe bill; for lhat rea* .r>, he would malte
his (Mr. H';.) argument apparenily a reply to that
J speech, although he really intended it as'a reply to
all the speeches which had been maeáe in favor of
ihe hill, and he beg^tdhis fnand fr.¡m Marylandso
to unde-sund it.
It is nsisted that th.* public lands are a common
fue1, to inme to t.ie eqíül bent-fit of all the States
then existing, or to be crea'e-d, ia the latio and on
the terms ceated by the deeds of cession. To this
position I readily accede; and I also aduit tha', by
ihe Constitution, Congress has power to dispose of
these lands or iheir pioceeds, provided ii en dispo-
sition "does not piejiidice the claims of ihe United
States, or of any particular State." This clause of
ihe Constitution, witti this limi aiion, is in accord-
ance with the itrmi of Ihe original grants or ces-
sions of the States, and preserves ihe trusts pre-
cisely as they were origmallv eieaied by the grants.
The gratis of Virginia, Nona Carolina, and Geor-
gia, are 'for the u^e and tenefit of ihe taid Stales,
(ill ihe Siaes,) according to their usual respective
proportion^ in ihe gei.era1 expenditure, and for no
feher purpose i' natsoever." The Constitution, ar-
ticle 4, seciion 3, gives Congress the power "to dis-
pose of, and make all needful regulations respect-
ing, ihe said territory." If ihe clause had slopped
here, the power would hive been general and un-
limited; but it is limited by the words which follow:
"This power shall not b,; construed io prejudice
any claims of the United Slates, or of any particu-
lar Slia'e." Thv-e claims are embraced in the terms
of the original granl; ihe power under the Consti-
tuion is limited by the terms and conditions of ihe
graii'.; anet that grant, as made by the tnree Sates
1 have nimed, is, lhat ihe lands should be a com-
mon fund for tbe use of all the States, according to
their respective proportions in the general expendi-
'Ute. Tue Constitution, therefore, and these grai.ts,
are in entire accordance with each other. I agree,
then, that Cuniir.-ss has the power to dispt.se of
trie<e lands, or their proceeds, in such mode as it
may thmk best, subject, however, to ihe above limi-
táneo.. It may oell ihe lands and use ihe proeeeels
as a roffimoD fund for the equal benefit of all the
States, or it may dt.-idethe proceed-i among the
States -'according lo hir resp^c iv¿ proportions in
the genet).; expenditure."
Tn*- Federal Govcrn-nent, then, is a trustee for
Ihe Siate.; now exi-ti&i, er wh eh hereafter ni3y be
creaei; bourd to administer the trust for the bene-
fit of ibe Stales in proporuon to their respective
shaies in the general expenditure. If ihis be e.o,
t'ten it cannot be question-d that ihe most certain
ani exact anode ot doing justice among the States
would be lo put the proceeds in the common fund
for seneral expenditure, after fir -! deducing Ihe
costs and charges of the trust; and whenever there
may be a surplu , not leq uted for general expen-
diture, then, and then only, to distribute that ex-
I cess or surpi'.s in. due proporuon among the Siales.
This would be U-e rule if th? trust were a private
trust, and seems to be the only mode by which ex-
act jusnee shall orean be done in ihe distribution
of the irust fund, and is in enure accordance, or
very nearly so, wiih the principle and practic*
adopted in 'he former dis-ribution. That was a
distribution ot a large surplus then m the common
Treasury, and not needed for the general expendi-
ture. Certainly no inquiry was then made from
wh?.t sources of revenue that surplus had beerrde-
rived; lor, if inquiry was made, ii was noi wnh the
view to fix the aicoaat ¡o be distributed. When
there is a permanent large surplus in the common
Treasury, i.ot needed for tbe common wants, then
I agree lhat such surplus ought to be distributed,
but nm otherwise.
Now, let me a 'k, is (he distribution proposed by
his bill in accordance with the just and equitable
mode of admiaislration and distribution of tue trust
fund wh ch I have just laid down? I answer, no;
and will sustain ihis negative by ihe admi.sion of
facs made by ihe honorable gemleman himself and
by the provisions of ¡he b'll. He admits that, on
the 14 of September. 1838, the apparent expenses
of the tiust excred the income to lhat date by the
sum of $4,319,621 17. If this is so, there is an
end o* the argument as far as it rests on ths fact
|th t there is a surplus, and of the expediency  of
distributing it.   But he denies that ihis is the fact,
| although he admits lhat it would so appear from
