402
AíífcNÜIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August,  1841.
27th Cong......JLst Sess.
Fiscal Bank—Mr. Ingersoll.
H. ot Reps.
fell by suicide. If the public benefit it is said to
be, it might now be in full dispensation of those
benefits, but for rash counsels and precipitate ac-
tion.
From the removal of the deposites, the course of
Government, always, from Hamilton down, expe-
rimental and changing as to currency, became ex-
tremely so, almost wild with- contrivances. The
State banks proved, a total failure, by well nigh
unanimous concession. The first Bank, founded
on coin, and separated from Governmen1; the se-
cond Barik, united with Government, but sacrifi-
cing, to paper; and the State banks all discarded; a
Chief Magistrate was chosen pledged against them
all. Something must,be done. I think he wisely
resolved to recnr to first principles; to go back to
the original positions of Government, and, separat-
ing it altogether from banks, return to the constitu-
tional currency, whose abandonment had occa-
sioned so much strife, loss, and confesión. In no
spirit of vanity, but to explain my predilection for
that restoration, I may be allowed to state that two
months before the President in September, 1837,
recommended the Independent Treasury to Con-
gress, I suggested the idea in a letter, published, to
the people of the Third Congressional District of
Pennsylvania, as a better system tban any bank.
Vexed and exercised as the banking system had
been by a series of experiments, abuses, and public
distresses, it appeared to me that there could be no
doubt which of the two to prefer; and the only
alternatives were either one or the other,
Without dwelling on the Sub-Treasury, I may
submit that, in its separation of Bank ,and State,
and its insistence in gold and silver, it embodied
the essential principles of the Constitution—of
public good and will. I will not say that a majo-
rity of the p-.'oplo are yet reconciled to coin. I
own that wí are in a minority on that question.
We have much of that way to win. But to the
disconnection of Bank and State a vast majority
are attached. I believe that if the millions who
voted at the late Prtsidential election could now be
polled, not one hundred thousand would be found
for reuniting the Government with a Bank, a? this
bill proposes. The Federalists of 1791, indeed
all parties thin, were opposed to it. The charter
of the first Bank proves it beyond cavil. The op-
ponents of the second Bank, at its enactment in
Congress, rallied mainly on this objection. Mr.
Dallas required not only five of the directors, the
public deposites in the Bank, and the supervision,
which is considerable control, of the Secretary of
the Treasury; but gentlemen may not be aware
that his plan, though overruled by Congres?, was
thai the President of the United States stiould ap-
point the President of the Bank. Experience and
intelligence condemn such union as injurious alike
to Bank and State. Public sentiment is strong for
divorce. Common opinion is not yet awakened
to the other indispensable change—not the extinc-
tion of all paper and substitution of all coin; but
a much larger infusion of coin and great diminu-
tion of paper. All the little I have been able to
learn is this simple truth—that money cannot be
made out of any thing but metal. This com-
munity, I know, does not yet think so. T«o
many, like !h': honorable young gentleman,
Mr. .Tones—he will excuse my calling him
so—talk of modern improvements and ancient
ignorance, of the advantages of credit, its connec-
tion with liberty, the barbarism of hard money and
its slavish associations. Black broth, Lacedemo-
nian currency, scarcity of sped*, and other such
cr'idities are declaimed, while all the intelligence
of Europe, and a constantly growing proportion of
it in this country, is convinced thai nothing
short of it, in payments fur common lite, will do
A large part of the most cultivated, populous and
intelligent portion of the Untied Sta'es, New York
and New England, are. I most say, the beaighted
region of the r.e.v wrld in ¡egard to money. With
their small notes, counterfei'mgcoin, ihe> fax la-
bor, blight manufactures, and burden commerce
in incalculable score -. They, or any of ihere
United State:;, will never be on a par with other
nations while this infatuation lasts. You, Mr.
Chairman, are a Conservative, [Mr. John C.
Clark,] let me read to you a passage on this topic
from the noblest of all Conservatives.    In Burke's
Reflections on the French Revolution, he says:
"When so little is now found but paper, the representative
notof opulence, but of want,'the creature not of credit but of
power, they imagine that our flourishing state in England 13
owing to that bank paper, and hot the ban It paper totheflourish-
mg condition of our commerce, to the solidity of our credit, and
to the totat exclusion of atl idea of power from any part of the
transaction. Tney forget that in England not one shilling of
paper money of any description is received but of choice; that
the whole has its origin in cash actually deposited; and that it is
convertible, st pleasure, in an instant, wnhout the smallest
loss, into cash again. Our paper is ol value m commerce be-
cause in law it is of none. It is powerful on Change be-
cause in Westminster Hall it is impotent. In payment
of a debt of twenty shithnes, a creditor may refuse all the pa--
per of the Bank of England Our paper wealth, instead of
lessening the i'eal com, has a tendency to increase it. Instead
of being a substitute for money, it only facilitates its entrv, its
exit, and its circulation. It is the symbol of prosperity, and not
the badge of distress. Never was a scarcity of cash, and an
exuberance of paper, a subject of complaint in this nation."
No, never, till that Billy Pit', to whom Burke,
from his death-bed, sent wotd, that if he issued one
pound notes he would never see guiñeas again,
sanctioned the bank suspension of coin. Burke's
captivating rhetorical and even poetical illustration
of this abstruse subject is applicable in all its
beauty and force, to our constitutional interdict of
paper money; visdicating which, Madison, seldom
eloquent, rarely appealing to any eonviction but
that of dispassionate reason, indulges in the fine
burst of well known indignant denouncm-nt of
the pestilence of paper money, in the Federalist.
Vain, futile, and contemptible are all enacted pro-
visions in these corporations—chaptered libertines—
without a large mixture of metal with the marrow
of their bones. That alone can keep them to their
appropriate functions. Without that they are
mere licentiates of legislation. Give, at least, the
ten dollar note, and that always convertible, or the
charter ipso facto forfeited, and other forms are of
minor importance. Wi'hout much metal, frame
bank charters as you will, paper regulations, like
inconvertible bank paper, will prove mere delusion.
And what is the bill before us, with its herma-
phrodite compromise of uncomprnmisable princi-
pled A more Treasury Bank, thnt odious engine of
Exect!ti/e party power, which nearly all have repro-
bated; union of bank and Siate in acgravated com-
bination. The Bank of 1816 united them, but not,
at any rate, at this seat of Government; whereas
here they are joined, portioned, and settled at
Washington, till death do them ptirt. A board of
nine directors, three appointed by the Executive, five
of the whole board qualified to act, are to settle the
pecuniary concerns of these broad United States.
A board, said Bentham, is something to hide
behind. The old women, of both sexes, to com-
pose this board,—this camarilla—are to be salaried,
—pensioned—the directors by the stockholders,
and the president by the directors—all domesticated
here, at this metropolis, mere pendents of the Pre-
sident of the United States, to fix and unfix the va-
lue of your house or farm, Mr. Chairman, or mine,
of all property and prices, as they please, without
control, appeal, revision, or even right of petition
to them. The families, the wives or children of
two or three meddlesome metropolitans here, un-
contaminated by any mixture with mankind be-
yond this isola ed District, are to regulate all
things. The President of tse Uni<ed States is to
have a coadjutor President; perhaps an overruling
President. Salaried partisans are to govern the
bunne-s the property, and the currency of the
whole Union.
The branches or limbs of the body politic,
crowned by suca caput mortuam, gut with omm'po-
ier.ee for mischief, arc to be out ot all proportion
to the head. I could not, if Í would, add to the ar-
guments \estertiay by the g-ntlcman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and ¡o-d.-.y by the gentle-
man from SfUssscntrelts, [Mr. Adams.] against
thepa'.'enng ant double-.:].tilled onci.ns'itñtion-
nlity of the compromise clause, equally violative of
Federal and of S  ;e power. I shall say no more
of it, therefore, than that, r,s I vo-ed here iu 1815
wi:havery larse majo ity, >hat if Congress can
create a National Bane, u can, proprio vigore, esta-
blish branches in the States—that being a clear co-
rollary from the original problem  nce solved—I
•shall vote uniformly against this ambiguous and
noxious clause, which alone, if retained, would be
reason enough for rae to vole against the bill alto-
gether. TocircumventState Legislatures by uncon-
stitutional stratagem, never ought to be an act of
Congress.
Another substantive objection with me is the
perpetuation by this bill of the five dollar note -mi-
nimum. After the dire experience we have suf-
fered, and the light of intelligence from all quar-
ters, not yet universally convincing, but sufficient
to admonish all thinking men, I can voe for no
bank note of less than ten dol'ars at least.
Thore is an atrocious provision, originated in
this charter, infinitely more mischievous. That
Mr. Horsely Palmer, or some other inmate of
bank pallors, should tell the world that three for
one is the safe proportion between con and p-per,
is easily conceivabe The ignorance of pracicul
bankers, whose vaun'ed experience hti been be-
stowed on us, is smong the remaikable disclo-
sures of their absurd contrivances to make money
<¡>ut of paper, and capital out of money, b'tr the
first time, with the deplorable subserviency to such
oracles to which we are prone, is this monstrous
postulate of bank doctrine to receive the sanction
of law; incorpora'ed as a right to be henceforth
dealt with as vested and unquestionable. Never
Willi lend my humble assent to so fa'al an aet.
And what if the board, the camarilla, the branch,
the body politic, thus encouraged to burst, exceed
the cabalistical three for one—transcend this tri-
nodial limit—what then? Why, foisootb, the be-
hest of the eighteenth article of the eleventh sec-
tion is, that it shall be the corporation's duty to re-
turn to such proportion. How or when? As
speedily as shall be safe and practicable. Who
judges of that mysterious satety? The guilty.
When do they return to its sanctum? Wot
till they find it quite practicable. Unless
it is both sate and practicable, in the opinion
of those who broke loose, to go back ¡>gain, they
may stay abroad whilever speculation, fraud, or
ignorance—faults in banking are often worse than.
crimes—encourages the venture, without ballast,
oa a' sea of illimitable exp.iüion, with the coral
reefs of contraction all aror.nd. ,lf th<? bill becomes
an act of Congress, it will b" the firit time that the
licentious banking, practised since the English
suspension of '97, contrary to all common sense,
all science and ail experience, the heresy, that pa-
per is money,provided only three times as much as
is convertible be issued—the first time that so atro-
cious a perversion has received the sanction of
law. Furthermore, what doesj that portentous ad-
dition mean to bank facilities, which, in <he ninth
article of the eleventh section, authorizes dealing,
not only as heretofore, in bills of of exchange, bul-
lion, and goods, on lands puichased at execution,
but also in gold and silver com? What does this
authority mean by dealing in coin? It is not dif-
ficult io conceive that it may mean much more than
it seems. It is in the charters of neither of the
other two National Banks,
The first Bank vas a great political machine, as
its founder called it in his selebrated report—a
mint or mill of money, which, separated from Go-
vernment, and uncontaminated by paper, was the
handmaid of credit, currency, and industry. The
s-jcond Bank, united with Government, and adul-
terated with p,-,per—-stigmatised as a rm-nster, by a
venerable and sagacious peisonage, for whose
strong sigacty I fe«l deep respec, at for his heroic
patrioii-m; yet,  s his veto and « ther official pa-
per acknowledged—had done the State some
«¡race; and as overseer of the thousand State
tanks unconstitutionally sprung up, and by-
open defiance grown to invincible authori-
my, even as their castigator, the late Nation-si
Bank, with all its faults, was not without numerous
friends ar.d many tneiits. But the proposed Fis-
cal Agent or Treasury Bank, with all the defects
and none of the recommendations of its antece-
dents, united with the Sate, at the s-at of Govern-
ment, by salaried incumbents, without specie basis
—with every faculty of mischief and none of good
—not even mean* of satisfying capitalists to sub-
scribe to it—likely to become, if it ever gets into
existence at ail, a mere Government creature, and
a most unworthy favorite—wül be, (to use the
simile  of  a   framer   of  the   Constitution)  like
