Angwst, 1841.                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                  __________      41§
27th Cong""1st Sbss.                                    Fiscal Bank—Mr. Wise.                                                      H. of Reps.
strive together to yield up, on a common aliar,
some por ioqs of p?st d ff ltnce , in order that th^y
m.aht de'ii'e 5treti¡.th &vA oer e ui'v o< pany fn m
the bond of umo A"! hsth  each ¡no all im
pliedly pledged th-m elves to do in the mot o—
"Tippecanoe and Tylei too "
"Tyler too " These wo is * eie each significant
The word "Tippecanoe" preceded them, because
the Nationals were >he more numerous portion of
the Whigs, by numbers they were entitled to have
their name to precede, heir man te pres de. But
without "the republican port oa of the Whig party,"
they could not conquer, ?nd therefoie íhey we e
compelled to a kl to 'Tipp'canee" the' Tyler tor "
"In hoc vmce"' Wi h th s union th -. combina-
tion, the venous classes of \\h gs fid conquer
November came, the. electron d cided ¡heir vicory.
The ides of March came, and "Tippecanoe and
Tyler too ' were i s, ailed
And no' onlv was 'Tippecanoe" installed, but
"Tyler too ' Not only wis 'Tippecanoe" voted
for, but "Tyler too " N tonly weie the p inciples
of "Tippecanoe" to be rejected and observed, but
those of "f)ltr too " And what were th princi-
ples of 'Tyler too? ' Thev were not left in doubt
Th y were republic in They were the pnncifles
of "State rights" and ' strict c n<-truetion," the>
were oppised to the constitute na'ity of a Bank of
theUiiitsd Sates, of a pr tective tariff, and every
thin  federal and 'atitudmanan The stipulation,
then, was, no' to den 'e and sci ff at tnese prmci
pie , but to respectan! cherish, and not destroy
them, and the m=>i i stipu ation was «of t press upon
their advocates ultra issues of any land, and then pro
scribe them for not not deserting m for defending then-
pnncip'es This was (he comp omisp, and the
course was dhar to be pursued To tike time for
conciliation, and for ihe maturity of measures, and
not to huiry into a system n revolutionize the po-
licy of the Government too « ddenly Th^ Republi-
can Whigs were then>eW s divided nto two das es
on this subject—tho<-e who belt >ved in the coBstitu-
tion*hty ot a Bank charter, and those aao did rot.
Of the former I was one, but though I hid no scru-
ples on the subject myelf, I was never one of those
who did not respect the ¿truplos tf oilier And
under the bonds of the Wh g union, I, for one,
fee' bound and pledged to respect the scruple^ of
the other—of "Tyler too "
"Tyler too" was the «ign and representative of
the "Repub1 can potion of ihe Whig r"ut/ "
' Tippeeanoa" is dead, ' Tyler loo" yet hveth, and
the "Republican port on of the Whig party" has
it m us own power to comnel lesrj^a, if not tole-
ration. Of' tne Republican portion of the Wnig
party," and yet for the constitutionality of a
Umted States Bank, I may well claim to be one of
the fair arbiters ef this vexed question What do
I say, then? Do net press upon the "Tylers too"
these ultra issues If the bark question is lo^t
now, it will be for twenty years to < ome ' Tms I
repeat, as I said it in January, 1841. Violat 
your pledge  of 1840 to yoiir compa riots m the
struggle ofthit year, and you may lose this great
and vital question for twnty }ear  o corr% and
may be left a  prostrate, supine, powerless, and
pitiless as you were m 1828' I beseech you not
to adopt such doctrines and motives of conduct as
are assigned in. the n<st rnal organ of the 3d in-
stant
"But what secun y have ? e for ' e permanent ascendency
of the Whigs m the nation a d m V ° rublic councils'1 Everv
thing human I ke every thing el=>e m nature is subject to
change Beneath the nfluence of time and the elements, the
m03tsatel> edifice crumb es nto 1 «t The loftiest oat of the
forest, w hen the tempe t me*? n its Dry u compelled to bow
his stately heal and m spite of his hmdted aims so strong
to yield his leafy honors to the r lam Aie we not subject also
to moral tempests as well as atmospherical? Have we no
m our lay experience1 heml Have we not seen our brightest
hopes blasted by them"! Ouaht any gieat and good and valua
ble measure that 13 now within out pover to be subjected to
the hazarl of arecuircnce of such p litical revo otions as we
have our elves heretofore witnessed? la it wise is it politic is
it SAFfi to put off to a future day a measure oí such vast im
portance and fraught with so much promise a*3 tbat wbo^c
adoption we are urging when wecanwoic accomplish Ht"
What is the meaning of thi ? Not "to make hay
whilst the «un shines'!" No ' That is a wise and
prudent max m of ihe husbandman But I hope
it means not to snatch, whilst you have the power
to do so, measures which the people may not ap-
prove!   I oppose this heresy by the counter ad-
vice to move cautiously, ana w<*it for the move- |
nents of the (leopl-" Sia'ch nothing from them, |
bo  abide h"ir g'scious pleasure to gne
The pe p e rave no> net d c led thi^ question m '
favor of the ctn^titut onaliy of a Bvk, and the
P esident o tne Umted Sta es, in his message to u>,
says mat they have expre sly decided against Us
chafer Bur, say gentlemen, a Presiden', believ-
ing both that a Bank is anconstitutional, and that
the peoDli too have decided against it, may waive
the constitutional qo.es ion, taks that as no ques
tion, and up n he principle of "stare decisis," fol-
lowing the i!lu--tf ous example of Mr Madison,
sign a chatter or bill auth nz ng the charter of a
Niti ml Bank Ger 'inly p President may do
th s, but is he justifiab'e upon the pnncip e as-
sumed"!
I d >not pretend to say tW Mr M dison was
not justifiable, because my opinion has ever been,
and ¡.til it., that he had in faU cbanged his opinion
in relation to the propriety ard necessity, and con-
s ítutional ty of a Untttd States B nk. I will not
stop t > show this (rom hia w i mts, but I do un-
dertalre 11 say 'hat he was j ist fiable upon no other
ground thsn ih s In other w t 's, if he had not in
fa"t changed his opinioi on ihe p-rint of constitu-
tionality, no prirr fie of 'stare rfecisis"could justify
hi n in sanctionm what he s ill thought an unenn-
stitnu nal taw I «peak now in reference to his
s ncti n, wiih his rrimon stul unchanged, still
against the constitutionality of the law
I sav ih*t no Pres dent, b^l evmg any law to be
uncons'itutional, is jus if>b!e in conscience in
sanctioning that Uw. The principie oi "stare deci-
sis'''' camot justify him. 'bat principle cannot
ju-ti y him, bccait'e it applies only, and can only
apply, to the execution of laws by a President, and
not to the passage oí laws
The gentlenan from Pennsylvania [Mt Ser-
geant] met this qn s non with equal ability and
fairness. He did no  pr"t—id tha* the dectj. oa of
the people, the deci ion of Copares', or 'h" dec sion
of the Sup em° Court, w«s c any s n^e bin ding
up i the con ernce cf a Presiden to sign a bill
•which, ander previous rnd expired lcgialaiion, had
been declared by ell these decisions to be constitu-
tiona1, but urged that sbch decisions were properly
to be received as a final s.ettlein"nt of the question,
and the question was to be cons derel js no longer
ei sting. This is the ex'ent to which he went I
confess fat, though I differ from him, his argu-
ment was power'u' to reach the end he aimed at—
s he said, "to <e! the Pr si 'ent/ree from th  tram-
mels of his own indimd tal c nvicUons ' The po-
sition 's a very st ong one indeed, that uniform and
concurrent deoisois, pop alar, legis'auve, execu-
tive, and judicial, may set a man fre from bis oath
to suoport the Constitution of Ihe Un>ted States '
Sir, this must be an error. Th" gentleman denies
th?t the Presiden' swears to support the Consiitu
tton and to execute the la>*s "as he unde-stands
them " Thi  I admit, as far as the exceu'ton of the
laws and of the Con n utnn. is concerned He cued
the ca-e of tns citizen t\ to fails or refuses to obey
w'iat he deems an unconstitutional law—'he trar-
shal who should refine to execute what fte deems
anconstitutional process S -, it is not the provine^
of ihe ciaiin or marshal to adjudge or dec rit, upon
th1 c n titutionah'y < f an existing law Tne ci i-
zen mrj obey d e law pa ed b, ihe Leg s'a nre,
an' decided to be ia\jb^ f e tnounahor just oeap-
po n ed und^r the Co s tu ion t decide what is
la\v I' is not his province to jjd^e upon be vali-
dity of Jaws at all, except at the polls There he
may "nforre his op nion by his vote But until the
'aw cxp res, is repealed cr its unconstitu nrahty
b- decided by tv  eour s, be is puiUy of mason or
-ebel ion if h  resists its execmnn B it nere let
ins add, that one of the wi«e o j=r if ihe i.e'o p>-r>
vision m tt>e C nstitnt on was to prevent the pi -
sage of 1 vws wh en might bring 'he consrquenee^
of constructive trenson dovtn upon the ct z-n Th 
tariff conttover y in Siuth Carolina imghi lllnsir *l
this Again- the aiarshal is but a merel/ ministe-
rial officer. He has no province to jvdze but must
execute me'ely. So even wi h a Piesiient of the
United Stages Under an existing law, pa«sed ai-
read^, he is merely an executive odcer. He has no
power to judge whether an existing law be consti-
tutional He is sworn to take care that the laws,
no ma ter what may be his opinion about their va-
lidity or the decisii ns respecung th tn, are faith-
fully cxeeut'd The inferior judge* even m the
curte, and the succeeding supreme judges, are in
principle bound by the decisions of the courts rfura
mg the existence of a law m being. If a President
were to assume to annul and reverse, by refuting
to execu'e, the decisions of the Congress and of the
Supreme Couit, under laws in operation and not ex-
pired he would unquestionably be guilty of usur-
pation BLt when the law has expired, has ceased
to exist, is it then binding on the President?—ay,
even on the citizen or the marshal? Could any one,
then, execute it, or be panished for not executing,
or not obeying it? No; certainly not Well, then,
the que tion arises, vhen it is aeam proposed to
pa s tt, are the dec iions under i s prior existence
t > bind any one concerned in its passage? They
may, as persuasive or argumentative authority,
where the law proposed is the same as that expired
precisely, but they are no otherwise obligatory.
The question ihen becomes a new question It is
not a question as to ne execution, of the law, but as
to its creation. When a new Bank charter is pro-
posed to the signature of the President, he is asked
—not whether he will resist the Legislative and
Judiciary department?, but whether he approves of
the passage of the law—not whether the law shall
be executed, but whether he will give Im sanction to
lis being After a bill has been passed, it is not the
province of the President, or the citizen, or the mere
ministerial officer, to adjudicate and decide upon
the question of its constitutionality, but, when a
bill is proposed, not passed, the President, sworn to
support the Constitution, is bound to decide whe-
ther he approves it or not, and, * if not," in the lan-
guage of ihe Constitution, "he shall return it, with
his reasons  
Tde ?en lejian from Pennsylvania, however,
treated thes  'Tylers too," these scrupulous Re-
publican abstractionists, with tr-ueh liberality, and
yieldt d them, at least, perfect freedom He re-
leased them trom tht o ligation of conscience and
tue C mstitut on, to bring them mto the ' glorious
liberty" of the decisions of a majority' But my
eoll ague [Mr Botts] tarried this doctrine much
fufther I confess he was novel and ongmal, quite
so, on tmi point He laid down the proposition,
broadly that the President is swerri to submit kispw
«at? opinion, and official too, to Ike decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, under the pie-
veous law' H* says that the President "his no
right of IhoughV < n the question of constitution-
ality ' This doctrine is no less ex'iafr Unary than
.n the face of ¡he Constitution My colleague was
led into this gross absurdly by fanmg smilyto
distingulsh between the oath to "execute the office of
Piesidenl " &" piesTibed by article 2d, section 1st
ot the Constitution, ¡>nd the duty impced by
aiticle 2J, section 31, that "he shall take care that
th" laws le faihfu'ly executed" By failiag, too,
to d =c imtnaie bUv «b faithfully executing laws
already passed, and sanctioning taws proposed to
him m=r ly for /iisappioval Now, the office of
Pre ilent of the United States" requires, under sec-
tion 1 h of ar irle 1st, that, when a b 11 "shaV have
passed the House of Ryresentahies and the.Senate,"
t "shall, before it bee mes a 1 uv, be presented to
tie Pre--idt nt of the United S'ates, it he appicve,
he shall sign it, but if not, he shall return it,
with his. objections to that H^usp m which it
ihsli have o igt"a ed " &e Bar, uh"n once a law,
by section 3d, art c e 2 I, it needs a^t his approval,
la beyond h s di approval, and "he shall take
oire t at it be faitafuily executed " Toe Constitu-
tion! plain mits dis'i^c ion ben een ihe passage
of a law ajd the exec ifwn of a law In the one
cis , if ?ie approie he sh H sign it, and }/ «si he
s*i V Mi rn it He is not left the ooit >n even of
tra scendtng the ten days, to ahow it to become a
law by tne lapse oc th time limit d for the return
of a bill He must exercise ¿is judgment, or how
can he "approce" or "disapprove" the passage of a
lawl But he tnusi execute a Jaw already passed,
whether he approve it or not, for, in that case, it
is not his province to judge, either for approval or
disapproval. It was under these plain distinction,
undoubtedly, that Mr. Jefferson sigued. a bill for a
