416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
August, 1841.
27th Cons. •• 1st Sess.
Fiscal Bank-
■   .      
-Mr. Wise.
H. of Reps.
branch bank at New Orleans There the act was
m the nature of an act to execute an already exist-
ing law. It was to extend the benefits of the
Bank of the United States, already m being, to a
portion of the people who were entitled equally to
them, aad when, too, as I have shown, he could
not do less than faithfully execute an existing law,
of the validity of which it was not his province to
judge. Of a like nature was his approval of a
law to punish the forgery and counterfeiting of the
notes of the Bank. And as to Mr. GaUatm>¡> re-
port, made two days only before he went out of
office, it is sufficient to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury was then, as he is now, a legislative officer,
who reported to Congress and not to the President,
and was one over whom he could take no control,
without being guilty of usurpation and tyranny.
Certain it is that these distinctions are canonized
in the Republican faith. No decision of a majo-
rity of Congress, or of a majority of the court,
under a prior law now expired, can be considered
as binding upon the President as his oath to sup
port tbe Constitution, and Ins judgment that any
law which you may propose for his sanction is un-
constitutional, I would not presume, if I knew
them, to quote his opinions now, but I do know
what his opinion was m 1819, and that opinion is
exactly in point upon the question I am now dis-
cussing, First.as to the unconstitnlionality of a Bank,
in his judgment; and, secondly, as to the binding
obligation of a law chartering such an institution
His views on both are comprehensively embraced
in a single sentence
"House op Representatives, Feb 18,1819
"In Committee of the Whole, the resdution submitted by
Mr Johnson of Virginia being under consideration—
"Resolved, That the Committee on the Ju hciary be in
(ttructed to report a bill to repeal the act entitled 'An act to in
corporate the subscribers to the Bank of the United States '
passed April 10,1816
"Mr Tyler said The question whether it be proper to direct
a scire facias against the Bank divides itself into two heads of
inquiry First, whether the charter has been so violated as to
enure a ferfenure? And if so, is it expedient to exact the for
feiturtl The decision of the first would ( reclude me from m
inquiry m o tile second For, «ir, inasmuch as I believe the
creation of this corpoi ation to be unconstitutional I cannot,
without a violation of my oath, hesitate to repair the bi each
thus made in the Constitution whenanopvoitunityprpi, nts
itself of doing so without violating the public faith " ' But be
lievmff, also, that it is expedient to put it down, and other
gentlemen feeling themselves at liberty to follow up that in
quiry, I propose to express to you my views on that subject "
His last word's \yere, m that speech-
■"Let my fate be what it may 1 havedischaigedmyuuty, and
lam regardless of consequences '
Mr S jgeant, we are told, followed him, and
must have heard what he s<ud And this opinion
he has never changed or recant8d,as far as I know
or have ever seen or heard.
[Here Mr Wise was cut off by ihe hour ruV,
and what follows is, what he wouli have said, had
he been permuted to proceed ]
The velo power, I should think, could not be
held by one of these opinions, unchanged, to b" a
mere ministerial act, or evsn an Executive act only,
involving no power or function of judgment, no
assent or dissent of the mind or conscience of
one acting under an oaih to support the Constitu-
tion, and bound imperatively to approve or dis-
approve a proposed law I obser/ that the nefo
power is inserted in the 7ih section of ihe 1st article
Of the Constitunon, which prescribes ihe legislative
powers, and is long antcct dent in that instrument
to the 21 article winch prescribes "die Executive
power." Whether it be legislative cr Executive,
though, m its nature, it involves, quoad the consti-
tutionality or expediency eilher ot a law, a doty
to approve or disapprove, and a free and full right
ot judgroert and discretion in the President. That
right of judgment, in any official sense or act on,
is gone from him as soon as the proposed measure
becomes a law. And the very purpose of the veto
power is to protect the Constitution fiom invasion
against a majority Why should a majority, then,
be set up to overrule the President, even if there
was a majority
But we are told that this bill does resppct ihe
constitutional scruples of that portion oí the Re-
publicans of the Whig party who deny the power
of Congress to incorporate a National Bank. We are
told that it contains a compromise' A compromve'
What is that? Something which I always dread-
something which usually abstraéis one-half from the
right to the wrong, with the reserved privilege to
the stronger side not to keep the faith, even at
that rate of advantage. It is something which I
never advised a client to accede to unless he had
a bad cause, to have which, however bad, submit-
ted to arbitrators, was to be sure to get a right in
which he had no interest "split into the difference"
m his favor' It means always, at least, that some-
thing is yielded on both sides. Now, pray tell me,
how can a constitutional power—which exists or
don't exist at all—be divided into paits, and
parlly yielded and partly denied? It is an entirety?
It exists or don't exist. How can it—the mere
naked question of power—be yielded in part and
not be yielded in ihe whole? I can't and never
could solve that question Before you can divide
or part any thing, you must admit that thing to
exist Well, how is it wilhthis 16th rule of the bill'
116 The directois of said corporation shall establish one
competent office ofdiscount and deposite in any State m which
two thousand shares shall have been subscribed or may be held,
whenever upon application of the Legislature of such State,
Congress may by law lequire the same And the said direc
tors may also establish one or more competent officersof dis
count and deposite m any Territory or district of the United
States and m any State, with the assent of such State and,
when established, the said office or offices shall be only with
drawn or removed by the said directors, prior to the expiration
of this charter, with the previous as&ent of Congress Pi ovzded
in respect to any tetate which shall n t, at the fust se«s on of
the Legislature thereof held after the passage of this act, by re
solution or other usual legislative proceeding unconditionally
assent or dissent to the establishment of such office or offices
within it, such assent of the sal 1 State shall be thereafter pre
sumed And provided, nevertheless That whenever it shall
berome necessary andpropei for carrying into execution any
of the powers gianted by the Constitution to establish an of
ficeor offices ir anyof the States whatevei, andthe establish
merit thereof shall be directed by law, it shall be the duty
of the said director^ to establish such office or officers accord
mgly  
1st. The directors shall establish the branch in
in any State where there are 2 000 shares, when-
ever, upon application of the Legislature of such
State, Congress may by law require the same
Here the power is in Congress undivided. A Slate
may apply for i's exercise.
31 And the directors may establish branches in
any Slate, Territory, or District, with the assent
of such State Here the power is left m C( «stress,
or its creatuie, the corpoi atiou, and the assent is in
the State.
3J. Branches thus established can oaly be with-
drawn or removed with the previous absent of
Congress Here the power todi s sti'l in Con-
gress or its corporation, and the power to undo re-
served, too, to Congress
4 The Stales are graciously given the timo at
'he first sessions of the Legislatures after this act
to unconditionally assent or dissent, or assent will be
presumed Why should dissent nol be presumed by
those who deny the powei? A man, whose right I
deny totally, gives me notice that if, by a given
time, Í neither assent ror dissent unconditionally
to something, he will presume my assent to his
right to my land or olher property Am I bound
to assent or dis«ent, either conditionally or uncon
dilionaliy? And if I am bound to do neither, will
the omission to do either give his presumption the
right he claims? And are the States bound to do
either act, conditional!) or unconditional!}'? If
not, will their omission to do either confer a consti-
tutional power on this Government which it does
notpessess? Can even the assent, unconditional,
and even inviting and imprecating, confer a power
which the Constitunon does not confer already?
But the dissent must be uncondi'ional, or the assent
will be presumed    And yet,
5th It is provided at last, after all this com-
plex conditional and unconditional assent or dissent,
or assent to be presumed, that "whenever it be-
comes necessary and proper, Congress may by ¡aw
compel the direc ors to establish branches m any
of ihe States whatever, ay, even thongh every S ale
m the Union, wiihm the time allowed, should   -
condi'isnally dissent Was there ever such an absurd
batch of contradictions strung together?
1 First it will and then it won t
Then it does and then it don t '
And after a hurly-burly of assent and dissent,
unconditional dissent or assent, or assent pre
sumed—enough to make a headache—it at last
flourishes out of the dizzy maze by asserting the
unqualified, unlimited, absolute power in Congress
to establish the Bank and its branches wh«re it
pleases, nolens vokns—-will ye, mil ye '   It is only
equalled by a sort of an Irish argument I heard in
Us support "It either gives the power, or it does
not give the power. If it gives the power, why it
gives the power, and if it don't give the power,
why it don't give the power. And what more
would ye have' Sorely ye're unreasonable if ye
can't be satisfied with neither view, when there are
some of us who are satisfied with either view; so
come in, and be united upon a proposition which
must please all, for it's either or neither of what ye
would have, or it'  all ye would have, or just no-
thing at all at all"'
Now such a proposition a? this pay; no respect
whatever to the intelligence or the honesty and sin-
cerity of tho*e who deny the power to Congress to
charter a Bank On its face it presumes a hard
conscience or a soft head in the bosom or on the
shoulders of those to whom it is addressed, as even
a compromise upon a subject which cannot be
compromised For myself, having no scruples
about the power of Congress, I could individually
at'opt it as a direct asser ion of power more strong
than the bill would make without it But I must
confess that, did I doubt tbe power of Congress,
even though I had resolved to imitate the example
of Mr. Madison, and to sanction a charter, I
would veto this bill with this clause in it, lest the
woild and posterity might suppose, as they cer-
tainly would, either that I had nol intellect enough
to discover its patent absurdity or that I had a con-
science pliant enough to catch at such a pretext to
evade a solemn oath I can well excuse the
course of Mr. Madison, signing as he did no du-
bious charter as to ihe power; but I never could
trust either the sagacty or sincerity of that man
who would veto this bill without this clause, for
reasons of constitutional scruple, and yet sign it for
the reason of the insertion of this clause.
I cannot regard it as inserted in good faith If
the bill be signed, every partisan of the power to
incorporate a National Bank by Congress will be
truly assured that jt impairs not, denies not, but
emphaiically asserts that power' And, if it be
vetoed, the President will be mraigned for not
giving his sanction to a pretended compromise'
This is to bf the effect of it, an ' I will not give it
the least toleration or coui.'enance Let what will
come, I will not treat any man whom I have
elected to any office wilh known public and pub
ltshed constitutional opinions and conscientious
scruples with such gross injustice, or torture him
with any such cruel test, as that of this bill with
this clause n its provisions. Sir, I would, per-
haps steal Promethean fi'e from heaven, but I
would not and will not steal the powers of the
Constitution Nor will I be pzrticeps cnmxnis in
this act. pass the bill, and let it go lo the Presi-
dent Its fate, I hope, will soon be known
Whatever that may be, it will become a law, or be
vetoed, without my vote
I now, like GiUscf old, may be reproached with
having denied the abstractions of Virginia, and jet
with having yielded practical obedience to them.
And, 'ike Giles, I may suffer martyrdom for that
practical obedience But let me say to my col-
league, [Mr. Stuart,] thit if Giles was punished
for denying the abstraction of instruc'wns—a doc-
trine which I never heard any Virginian deride as
an abstraction before, even though he yielded prac-
tical obedience to its mandate from his mother
State—with how many more stripes shall he be
punished who not only denies, but deride-, all her
cherished abstractions—ail tbe tenets of her fond
faith—anl that, too, ma land of strangers ' Sir,
my colleague [Mr Stuart] excepted lo the gen
tlemanfrom North Carolina [Mr Saunders] say-
ing that 'n 1816 the constitutional question was not
raised He very properly replied that a constitu-
tional question always rises of itself, without being
raised That is true, I agree with hira that, not
like Samue), it requires no Witch of Endor to
wave her magic wand to raise it up before the con
sciences and minds of fae true lovers of the Con-
stitution But there are those, sir, who, when it
does rise up before them, habitually cry it down'
down' down' and those who will not permit
others to raise it up on its feet without upbraid-
j ing them with the Federal scoff of "Abstrac-
tionist '"
