August, 1841.________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.         __________________US
27th Cong—.1st Sbss.                                        Public Lands—Mr. Woodbridgt.                                                                  Senate,
alone'   The new S ales have no other; and wj h   I
tb^m  Ha    vstcm co s'-ts 3    c nl si\d   o* a   1
dittct land t x     limewi ilua'u) nb    ial   mo
an   nli   ourcotfer , jtseen and v. n >w aij eff .t,   ,
as ripe fruit ialis lio.n 1.«; b rdir d tne,a.id v 1! ■
tnus your Government is fe'r,' ot nrous'i u e pí«c
tion. ot tiie ¡axg.-umci, but only by the bies in.'    t
confer   upon yoar people, and the glory with which
it surrounds their name, th- S ales, especially the
new S ate--, which had co ' crown Hnds*' by the
sa'e ot which to fill  their  tieasunes,  have no re
source, except that which re ults from direct, op-
pressive, aRd coercive taxation     Why, th n, ¡shall
you not turn this resource, which, as all experience
proves i' not necessary for you, into the treasuries
of the Stitts, where it is so much wanlei?
While you were pursuing a bold and compre-
hensive system rf internal improvement, there
might be some apology for vour retention of this
souice rf wealth, tor then you v-eie developing
the resources and advancing the prosperity of the
States, and were at the same time relieving them,
in a great measure, from the immense labor of
making their roads, r til ways, and canate. But it
has be*n yoar pleasure to suspend, or utterly to
give up very sudden'y, that beneficient policy
You have again thrown, in wvikim, this immense
labor upon th"* Stales; and ihe necessity, which de
mands that this additionalresource should be trans-
ferred to the Sates, has therefore become the more
imperative.
And why should it not be *o transferred?   What
insurmountable objection is thrown  in the way?
Gentle nen sty   that   the   Constitution   nowhere
points out and specifically warrants this mede of
disposing of the fund !    S r, I  do n it  feel  mys If
in the smallest degree embaira'sed by that   objec-
tion.   The argument  founded upon   it i>oe> too
far; and, to my mind, is/eio de «.    By what au-
thority, sir, did   you  acquire   this fema?    What
clause m jour Constitution ever authorized you to
possess yourself of if)    Is it not  sufficient to say
that whatsoever power the Constitution conferred
Upon you to procure it, will be amply sufficient  to
authorize you to dispose of it m the   manner pro-
posed? Sir, no part of this fund accrued to you by the
exercise of any of the power, or facaliics conferred
tjpos you, and called into action toi the specific
purpose of acquiring the fund; for no powers are
given to you for thit end.    Whatever interest you
have in it accrued incidental^, and   by the exer-
cise of povve's called into ac 1 n, not lor that, b it
for other more legitimate purposes.    It is a win l-
fall—a Godsend—the acquisition of which was in
nowise contemplated   by   the   Constitution;   a,i¿
therefore you are free to dispose of it according to
your unrestricted discretion for the advancement
of the best good of thecountrj.   I assume it to be
incontrovertible that  uch a fund was never devis
ed, norm inywi^e c ntemplated,  asa permanent
source of revenue for   this Government, n¿r cin
the trace of such design be discovered in your Con-
stitution    A thou'and mil tons of ace  ot rich and
fertile country !   Sir, who could   have thought of
placfg a fund like that, for   the purposes 1 f con
tmued  control and revenue, in the  hands of my
mortal men—ssp-cially m the hands ot ihoso 1 ho
can make peace   or  declare var,  and   who can
raise armies   and cons ruct navics   to any extent?
What mode ha'i so effectual cou d be  devised of
separating t'is Government from  th  Sta'es and
from the people, and ot making it  independent of
both?    Sir, I can conceive of no mod", no process,
more certain of converting  th s Government mtr
one of the most unqualified   and   absolute despo-
tisms than this would be '
gflf the first Charts, when he was endeavoring to
collect h s "ship money," had had control w thm
ths limits of England, of a fnndha'f --o productive
as even now your land fund is, when wouid the
Parliament oí Great Britain have again called to-
gether? Nevei, sir, never And the Commons,
the only Democra'ic feature in the fundamental
law of the country c f our ancestors, the only
guarantee to be found theie for the civil and poll-
tical freedom of the peop'e, would have been
stricken foiever from ««position, ind despotism the
most stern would have taken its place.
Sir, who among the framers of our Constitution,
whi'e ei gaged i!> «enling and  balancing -with mi-
nué   i' lion  h   ht-h piw rs they so cau n u>lv
pd f el t    tu    o i on,   ?et (irPnor   t h ivouwiull
turn land b[ ec iiot t, t ia'  icj   . u.d | ur h'se to
rua 11, or 10 tut ai?am icr pr< fit,e jh  or rin- ha 1
drc 1 md ion   í ecre — he v*h >ie 01 th   P on 'as—
to  whole cf Lou suaoa?    C uld Mr. Mail *Oii have
entertamei sue  a though?    Why,even 'iatsmall
portion which lies between the Orno and the M>s
si'sippi,  now reduced to a reramn', was yet so
lar«e at, to ex'ite his mosi jealous f ttention —[See
No 38 of the Federalist ]    la bow mncn more for-
cible terms he would  have denourcfd it,  if he
eould then have imagined  that yiu would since
have mceaíed thit fund by the tmmen e purchases
vou have made'    Where, sir, in all the record   of
hü'ory, can you find thp model of a plan  o «lgan-
tic?    Among all the nations of 'he e rth th"re ro-
vei, I believe, hpve exis'ed but two, whose Govern-
ments have been willing to assume the character of
great ¡and speculators;  practically to follow the
tr^de 0' buvers and sellers of iar>d and its oroduc s
for gold—for filtny lucre.    The first of thase, sir,
(fir there is a ptecedent  in  file,) was that  of
Kfypt.    Fbiough the inspired medium of one be-
loved of Heaven, 1 s monarch became forewarned
of the approach of a protracted and temblé famine
De'ermmed that the national misery should be made
the archi'ect ot h,s own  grandeur and despotic
power, he prepared amply for the event.   His bold
policy  was fearfully, dreadfully successful; and
Pharaoh became the gwt landholder of all Egypt'
Its people became his tenants at will—\v, subjects
became his slaves I   He who now sits upon  the
same blackened aid blood stained throne, though
of a different stock, has, I relieve, revive I the sane
pohev     How far Mehemet Ab   nsy   hive suc-
ceeded, as the great land «pecu'ator, the grower of
cot'on, nee, tob-cco, and the sugar cane, 5 am not
advred, but, ■ s t'-e bm'der up of ore of th* rrost
stern ana bloody despotisms of the wor d, I be-
lieve he has few rivals among the hvmg.    Such,
sir, if you look beyond the history of your own
country, is, I believp, the only nation, claiming to
be civilized, whose Government has descended to
the pitiful operation of selling its acres by reHii__
by the torlv-acre- tiact foi profit in gold And
now, m the nineteenth c-ntur«, the United Slab's of
America, with such example n v ew, has entered
the lis s as bujei and seller of land for pecu- sry
profit And if it retain the fund, if it adhere to the
system t>nd pursue a similar course, nhat is .here,
iu the n iture of ti ípgs o: m the character of man,
to prevent the ul imatc ¡>ceoinpVhrr>or>t of ihe
same s^reat and dreadful end—an >nmiii<nled
desnoti„m?
No, '11; this was never intended by ¡he clcar-
S'gh ed and good m"n, in v ho^e hands were the
dest mes of this great roople, t conm u'e your
fixed policy. Nor could they have <rund a piece-
dent in th° hi'ttry of any of [he Eurjp an colo-
nial e'-tabli^hn-enisin America to u ?ir<t)t it. The
F eoch never so'd their unnafn id lands fir p-o-
fn, nor dit ¡he Span ardsn r the Eiglish No, st,
as a bad;e rf me it, as the honorable reward per-
haps of disnrgu hed 'ervice , or, if you will, in
the indulgence of a spirit < t favoritism, these 'snd<-
were fr-Hy srpnitd, but never «ol i
But it is--aid iiat t>ie de> ds of ees ion control
this m?tter; that the plan of tie h d confavencs
the condition- and stipuhtions con amed in those
dted«. S r, I am pot prepared to admit that 5 our
title to a single acre of the public domain was ever,
in fact, deduced from those deeds of cession, or any
of them What, sir, was the right of the ceding
States? for, if tWey had no right, ihey could give
none If I may be permuted to f How the ex im-
ple of the learned S°iator from Indiana ard, 1 e
him, quote i t-e^mc^l maxim, Í would ssy to \o 1,
sir, "quod non hi.b'l non <!abe< " Massachn " s
claimed, I believe, tne whole country between the
40 h and 48th degrees of north latitude to the P101-
he ocean1 Connecticut, 'app n? over upon the
more ancient Commonweal'h, claimed, hi virtue
of its charier, all between the latitudes of 40 de-
crees and 41 deg'ces 30 minutes north, and ex end
nig also to the same "South sep '" But Virginia,
under color of her charter oí 1609, came, and wuh
her single title covered trie whok, and far more be-
s'des; for bounding on the south by a line to be ran
due west from a pmnt oa the coast some two humí
d.el miies belour OM Point C>mtort. and nor hcrly
dv a line t nmenciu  a< a pi it' a tout <h  same
ó otance up he coist, from Out Point Comfort, to
be run dee northv.est, she claimed all the countries
be ween, tiom the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific.
Now, sir, what man in his senses ever be leved
thrit charters like these, emanating from the Grown
of Great Britain, ever conferred a right to the im 
mens  countries they embraced? Why, sir, accord-
ing to such hypothesis, you were chargeable with
worse than wi'ful waste in your purchsse of Loui-
siana; and France was guilty of contemptuous
wrong in withholding from the Commonwealth the
greater pa-t of her Canadian possess ons. Accord-
ing to the terms of her charter, not only Upper
C\nada, but a great part of the vast possessions oí
the Hudson's Bay Company, appertained to Vir-
ginia; ant!, pursuing her diverging and charter
couio?, she w«.uld, by the same title, have extended
he srlt into the icy regions of the white bear, and
have jo^tiei the stately Muscovite from his post
into the Arctic  ea Si>e would have driven the
Kngbsh irapper ot the Northwest from Ins hunting
gtound, and ¡he seal-catcher fio-a ihe codst. She
would comprehend in her grasp the mouth of the
Columbia, and a I the regions of California and
New Mexico
Sir, what Great Britain did not possess «he could
not convey. Her charter grants must be restrained
wi bin what vie e then  the  limits of her rightful
pos e s'ons.  Ncv, sir, is it not matter of notoriety
—a fac' perfec ly well is abhsh'd—that the whole
of the lake country wrst of Presqje Isle was, and
from the beginning con'mued to be, in the quiet,
actual, and ur disturbed possesion of the French
G-ivernment, m virtue of prior di coveiy and first
eff etive occupancj, as early even as during the
six'teo'h cen'ury?   Nor is it unwo-thy of remark
that, at the very time of Ihe exfcution of the Virgi-
nia charter of 1609, the French were in full pos-
session at Detroit; and that, soon after, the whole
of Michigan and the great country of the Upper
Lakes were dotted alt over by their trading and
missionary esubli hmenls, while these were follow-
ed by a line of military forts, extending from the
Miami bay, past Detroi',( hen called FortPontchar-
¡ram,) to Micbib mackinai, the Sault de Ste. Mane,
La Baye Ver c, Chicago, and Ste. Jo.ephe. The
j whole, indeed, of Michigan and Wisconsin constitu-
ted i 'epr«l pans of La Nouvelle France; and as
sncii its at' u il ¿nd pe ¡a pos<esnon remained undis-
turbed, und   puied, snd onqrestioned, down to the
period of that war which war-ma ed m the peaoe-
of 1765    France claimed m fact the whole valley
of the Ohio, and to ¡he heights of the Alleghany
mountains     Its right to thit, indeed, was disputed,
W  to the country of  the Upper Lakes never.
What, then, w.>s tne right of the ceding States?
Afier the peice of 1763, was any part ot the vast
Wft annexed to any of tt>e ceding States by the
Crown of Gieat Butam?   Never, sir    Onthecon-
trary, the Provincial Government of Virginia had
been exDressly foro dden from extending its settle-
ments rr it   j*ir,sdic ion west of the Alleghany
moantairs, and at the very time of the breaking
out (f the Revolutionary war, if history do not
mishad i-, the Briti.h Government had come to
t'ie determination <f establishing one or more se-
par ite Colonial Governr ents, covering the whole
country wes'ofthat range of mountains    Nor is
11 immaterial,  for   the ant quar an at   least,   to
consider   that  for   more   than a   century   be-
fore the Virginia chprter of 1609, upon which such
pre ensions are founded, ha'', upoa 51*0 warranto or
othervise, letn revoked, superseded, annulled, or
(therwise ?bando"cd.   I   submit, then, sir, that
your whelo country northwest of the mountains
a id ea t of ihe Missis* ppi, w s acquired rather by
the  perseverirg bravery cf your so'd era and the
ski 1 and   pitr'otism  ot  your diplomatic agents,
than by force of irnse ancient charters     What is
there, then, upon which 5 our dreds of cession can.
opérale?    Mishijtan  aid Wisconsin were as cer-
tainly beyond the r s^ope as the country beyond
me Rocky Mounts ns    The whole of Losisiana
and the Fiondas have been but recently acquired.
Kaskaskiss and tbe country of the Micsissippi wit§
