44é
i#fENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1841.
&7th CowO""1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr.  Woodbridge.
Senate.
tinder the Government of the French-, and Vm-
cennes but a dependency of Detroit. A remnant,
at most, is ¡eft to be operated upon or not by the
doubt'fsl force of a charter vaca'ed and abandoned
more than a century before' But it is useless to
pnrsue such an investigation further. I would
even suppose that the deed ®f cession from Vir-
ginia was effectual to convey a title; and iuriher,
that, taking under it, you must hold, as the law-
yers would say, per formal  doni. Still I would
insist that there is neither condition nor limitation
contained in it, which would restrain you from
disposing of it to the States. It was conveyed that
it might be disposed of, not retained. And all ex-
isting customs and modes of thinking at ihe time
warranted the belief that it would be deposed of
summarily, and as it had been before disposed of
—by wholesale by provi ices, as you conveyed to
Pennsylvania, by millions of acres, as you so'd to
the Ohio Company and to J. C. Symmes and Co ;
by the whole township, as you offered it for «ale in
Philadelphia, New York, and Pittsburgh; and that
it should be in some way or other disposed of—not
retained—the history of the times, and the pre-
vious, contempiraneous, and subsequent legislation
of the Congress ot the Confederation all ¿ho*
During the Revolutionary want was made sub er-
vient to the purpose, so far a-, it could be, of de-
fraying in part ihe expenses, of (hat war After
its termination, the ^ame fund was made to contii-
bute to the reduction of the dfbt wbieh grew out
of it. Before and after the deeds ot cession—
from 1776 to 1787, both years inclusive—!argi 
amounts of it were disposed of to youi officers and
soldiers, to re'ug esfiom ii,e British serine, and
to individuals, and companies, as I have slated.
But other and high r puip >ses w re had in view by
those in whose control it was Without ostenu-
tion, and with abeahful simplicity, these purposes
are disclosed in ihe ^h >rt pi amble p efixed to the
irrepeaiable articles of compact contained in the
ordinance of 1787, in winch those clear and far-
sighted men say:
"And for extending the fundamental pnnctples of civil and
religious liberty which lorm the basis whereon these Repub
lies, their laws ¿ml constitutions, aie eucted to fix ¡ill to
establish those ptnciples is the basis of all law}, c instuuti ins,
and governments which fuietei hereafter stall he fumed in
the said ferntoiy, to pr ivido aho í t the establishment of
elates, and perm incut goven merit therein, and foi ilien ad
mission to a sh ue m thefedeial councils on ai pqunl too in?
with the onginilMates a tie uly | euods as may be eonsu-
tent with the central lntert-sis, n is oidaine I,   Ace
I n«ed not comment upon the elevation of
thought, the expanded benevolence, the devoted-
ness to ihe cause of freedom, wbnb dictated the
noble policy here announced Strugg'ing wnh
every pecuniary difficulty—overwhelmed wuh me
magnitude of the debt of the Re vo'ution, which the
nation must assume, it was indeed St and proper
that something should be made by ihe sales of ihe
public domain But even then pecuniary profit
dwindled manifestly into a matter ot secondary
consideration, compared with the higher and more
beneficent purpose  of extending and of establish-
ing over the broad West those principles and in
stitutions of freedom which were so near their
heart—of luildirg up social and political commu-
nities over that vast country, and of causing ihem
to be as intelligent, as virtuous, and as free as
their own. To fos er these new communities, and
to bring them into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing with the old S ales, was then ihe leading mten-
Hon of th se whj constituted Ihe members of the
old Congress; it was the great and predominating
principle in wheh rll others merged. And ho '
could these magnanimous puiposes be accomplish
ed without disposing st thfearu si practicable pe-
riod of that public domain over which th< °e fiee
communities were •■p^ead? I ma n'aip, then, that
the acts, resolves, ¿nil trdiuantes of the old C a
gress, as well as the de ds of cc-*ion and the liis'o-
ry of the times, a I combine to prore that it i evtr
entered into the mmd of that Cen^ress, or of ihe
ceding Sia'es, or of the 4mencm p op'e, ih?i fhtsp
lands s'ituld b1 retal ed, < r convened into a sjuicp
of permanent national revenue. Ha/m  a p-r per
regard to the condition if the new States, and kep
ing in view the high purposes 10 which I have al
luded, I can have no doubt but that it is now com-
petent and wise to distribute these lands, or a pro-
portion of them, for the use of all the States; or, in
other words, for the advancement of the greater
good of the whole, to dive« the products of then
sale from the national Treasury to those of the
State . I am clearly and unheitating'y in favor,
then, of the avowed object of the bill; and I earnest-
ly wish to see it established and becorre the law
of the land. But with the details, the specific pro-
visions of the bill as they now stand, I must siy,
sir, that I am utterlydissatisfied. According to my
most sincere convictions,they bear with palpable and
cruel mjust ce upon the greater part of the new
States, more especially upon that one which I am
sent here to represent. The amendment now pro-
posed m part removes this injustice, and commends
itselt strongly, I ikink, to the favor of the Senate.
Its object and effect will be, if it succeed, to place
all the new S'ates upon the footing of Ohio, the
most favored of those new States. Equality, it is
«aid, is equ ty; and if it be too much to a^k that we
be made equal to the old State , at least extend to
us the same jusuce you have hereto'ore extended
to Ohio Why, sir, should you make a distinction
so mvidi >us? I will not «ay merely lh,>nt is un-
kind—it is unjust, for you have not accoided to
her, the strongest of ihe new States, m re than she
might fairly an ! jiuily claim at your hando
But it is said, sir, lhat the ten per cent, which
this bill proposes to give to the new Sutes out of
the nett proceeds < f the unsold domain within tho~s
States respective!}, tends to place them, in fact,
upon a better fooling than the old ones And va
nous conjectural ca'culauons have been exhibited
here, and especially in rrlauon to Arkansas be
cause nal Sute is ^atd lo furnish tre mosi signal
illustiotion oí the proposition Sir, nothing can
be more fallac ous than ihis pretencp ' Let it not
be forgotten, sir, lhat the principle of this bill seeks
an equal di Inbution among all the States of the
avails of this domain, aecording to the actual popu-
lan n of each S ate at th- times when th distribu-
tion shall be made. Bat the new Sia'es increase in
popuhti n more rapidly lhan the eld. The rate of
the increase of the old S ate , taken colledively, is
leis than twen y percent in ten years. Th? rate of
increaie perhaps of ihe new States, taken collec ivp-
ly, f r the same period, I suppose is from 150 to 200
per cent The distribution is to be made semi an
nually. But your census is taktn but once in ten
years. How, ih^n can you find your ratio of dis-
tribution? Ho can jou give effect to the prmci
pie which looks to an equal distribution, share and
share alikf, according to the population am ng all
the Slates? Take the case of Arkansas lor i lus-
trat on, *mce, as gentlemen say, it contains some
tit niy six m llions of acres of public domain.
Why, mi, while some of ihe old States scarcely in-
creased a! the rate of eight per cent for the bst ten
years, the aciual increase of Arkansas, for thesame
period, was some 300 per cent. But suppose the
increase of the oU Sta'es m the aggregate were
equal to 20 per cent Lr the ten years to come,
and that of Arkansas were to contnue at 300 per
cent, (vvhich is a most re<*snnab e proposition,)
why, sir, ihe principle of your bul is then lost ught
o! utterly, and the most pilpable inequality and
injusiic" viH ensue1 S.i, ihe learned chairman
who reported this bill well understood this matter;
and, Ihere'oie, he staled to you explicitly and w i h
out equivocation, that ihe provision for allowing
the ten per cent to the new Siates v,a% adopted
solely fo>- the purpose of furms! ing an equ.valent
for the different m the rate ol increase between
t''e new ird eidS ates' Why, then, i? it urged by
gent'eaten that this allowance n evi 'ence of extra-
ordinary ubTa'ity towards the new Siates?
But, sir, ibis te t per cent fails far, ve y fa-,
short of <t fair cqun-M nt, as overy gentian an who
en o es io make accurate caVulation will se? In-
deed, unless ycu take your census evtrv }ear, tne
utmost you can d >, m order to secuie an equal dis-
tribution according to the principie of the bill, will
be but rtr a[ prrximi ion 'owards 'vt end. ¿ind a
far ¡roí • ju t and sar-f c'<ry rule would e to
ta'ie 'he mean betweei th - population of each
new Su'e, as ascertained by the late census, and
what (by the most accurate estimate you can form,
founded upon its known rate of increase over the
old Slates) will be us population at the end of ten
years, and base your distribution for the who'e ten
years upon such presumed mesne population We
of the new States would be immeasurably benefited
by the discaidmg of your proffered ten per cent
and the substitution of this or any other rule, in-
deed, by which your distribution should, in truth,
be more nearly aecording to the actual population
at the time each payment is made! Sir, during the
last ten years, while some of the old State  but
barely increased at the rate of 5 per cent the po-
pulation of Michigan has increased at the rate of
near 700 per cent. It is mockery to us, then, to
pretend tuat, for that immense difference, we can
find a compensation in your ten per cent.
But further, sir: gentlemen seem, with great
complacency, to set down this ten percent, as if
it were presently to be paid, and then tauntingly
hold up to view (he enormous aggregate Now,
does not every man know that the b°st lands are
always taktn up firsf* Does not every man know
that tnere is waste land in every country?
Look, sir, at the cold, hilly, ster le region, con-
slitu ing ihe upper point of (he peninsula of Michi-
gan towards IMicbilimacknae, and hoi? also at
the equaby worthless and repulci e di tnct which
extends up the shires of Lake Sui en rfcrone-
thitd pet i.ip of ihe distance w ich \ ou have as-
signe i tor onrlmitin hat t'irrc ion And ihen
let me ask, whm, when will it have been s< Id Jor
$1 25 p r ,crt? When will Mir hi-,an have le-
a ized htr ten per cen'. upi n ih^t? When will
Aransas hctve derived her ten per cer>t upon the
vast tiatis tf swa "p, wlueh h^r hon rabie Senntor
tells you are within its limi s? Can a'>y gentle-
man say wheit^ I'll tell }ou when, sir1 It will
be when the Jews cume ,n with the fulness of the
Gentile nations'
Sir, I repeat, it see as moeksry to us, when gentle-
men pretend that this ten per cent i* any thing like
an equivalent fcr our more rapid increase of popu-
lation. And when we press upon you the justice
and propnely of this proprs d amendment, the
effect of whicn would be 'o lessen this great injus-
tice, we are again met by the allegad n lhat ihe
bill already provide? for the tran*'er to ihe desig-
nated new States ot a qrant ly which, compre-
hending what may for similar r urposes have been
already received, 'hall equal 500,000 acres, to be
applied io ihe construction of rraoS, canals, &c.
S r, on this point, too, great delusion rrevails.
Look, 'ir, I pray you, uto the condition of the
new States. Take Aikansas igam for illustra-
tion. It wul fee remembered, sir, hat to>ouract
ft r the admission i f Arkansas into tl>e Union, it
was your pleasure to append a condition, and that
condinon is, that she shall not be admitted into the
Union unless, by an irrepealable ordinance, she
will agree (hat she will neier (ax the puolic do-
main which is within her limits. S r, I have no
with to bring again into question the principle
which so much and so fearfully agitated the na-
tion at the time of the introduction of Missouri.
Bat I may be permitted to say, lhat if a restriction
upon the rights of the new States, as lo the matter
of domestic slavery, could be brought into question
as to us constitutionality, aforttoti may that be
doubted of and condemned which takes from a sove-
reign State its power of taxing foi the salutary
purposes of sustaining its Government, construct-
in? its roads, developing its latent resources, and
advancn  the sencal prosperity, all the real ec-
tate which is within i's limits' Wha' Stat  or
nat on under Heaven, having the smallest pre-
tension to be free, iover ,gn and ínlepc dent, ever
yet rave up, or failed to exercise, trie right cf
taxation for sucu purpose ?
Again, sir, can >ou exercise any power , or any
sovereignii!>hi, undercolor of a compact entered
¡nio wi h one of the Siates of th s Union, wh ch
hare not been convened to you m and ty the C<n-
stitunon of the United States? No * jse and
learned American s uesroan can be ftund, I ap-
prehend, so bo'd as to pretend ihai jou can Great
powers you urqj stionab'y possess, but they a e
such only au lave been granted to you by ihe
States or the people of the Stales in yiur national
Constitution. All others are inherent m snd re-
main with the S ates. And among all the incident*
and the prerogatives of sovereignty, there Is no
