Aitguat, 1841._______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOÉB.           _______________W
ZTth Cong-'-IstSess.__________                  Public Lands—Mr. Woodbridge.                       _____________             Senate.
one so pre eminently important, so vital, so indis-
pensable, as that right ¡which subjects the whole
property within the State to taxation, to a fair ra-
table contribution, in order to sffect the gieat pur
poses oí all government.    And I do not think it
too bold a proposition to advance that it is not
competent to you. to di prive any one of the States,
under color of a compact entered into with it, of
any such inherent and indispensable power.   Be-
sides, it enters into the very nature of your own
fundamental law, that all the States of this Union
shall be equal m po1 tical power, what one State
may do, another mus' n c ssarily bave the  posrer
to do.    A contrary proposition wouid at once tend
to throw every thing out cf balance '    You wi h
hold from a young, feeble, and embarrassed State
her right of admission as a co-equal member of
the Union, except upon  th  surtender of a right
which no sovereign State can exist and answer the
purposes of her creation without possessing  What
power of resistance will she possess against your
imperious exaction?   With your ample p wer and
Koaeyed means, and with the vast patronage you
control, what remonstrance even miy you notr
lence?   Sir, if such a compac' as you have forced
upon Arkansas could be brought before a judicial
tribunal, it would be set as'de for du-ess; for you
held her in colonial bondage, from which you would
not release her until she had signed the bond.   You
did the same with Michigan    You refus°d to ex-
tend to us that vested right of admission into  this
Union "on the same footing wi'h   the original
States in all respec's whatsoever," which was so-
lemnly guarantied  to us by the irrepealable arti-
cles of compact of   1787    Sir,  cuppo«e one  of
your accounting officer  "hould abscond fre^i New
York a million m your debt, and by exteo ,  eleg'',
or otherwise, you should become poscfcs ed  of his
real estate there in satisfaction of your judgmen',
would you hold it freed from, taxation by the State?
Clearly not,sir    And why'    Because your Consti-
tution has not conferred upon you that power, and
because the right of eminent domain remains with
the State of New York! And if j ou hold it, it must
be with all its u cidents, and as ev -ry other proprie-
tor must hold it1    And why were we not also placed
upon the same footing in regard to the taxing po v
ei1 We were young, "eeb'e, and io-d tent, and you
took advantage of our necessities1 You were "deal
ing with young heirs for their expectancies" ?nd
for that reason your compact «hou d be -.et aside '
And if a contract ^ay be set as ue for uttc ¡"ade-
quacy of price, this ¡nay be vicated also f r that
reason'   You give us, si-, as this preteided equi-
valent, five pel cent, of the nett proceeds of your
sales, and a f w acres to aid us in the erection of
public buildings'   Norfl can show  o y v by in-
contestable p'-oof now here in my possession—I
mean the official report of the Audi'or General of
Michigan, lhan whom a mor- cotreel and «sttma-
ble business man cannot be found—that for one
bear only, (1839, th  last iear for .sh ch his office
contained fall return",) the highway land tax in
one of our latest couities, (i   e   one of those
which contained   'he   greatest  amount of  land
which  had becom?   tt e   proper y of   individual
owners,)  upon  an  a*tr-iae laie'ully cos puled,
amounted to $5 60 fur ever}  80 acre lot—   e. i
yearly imposition of more than 5i percent upon
the first cost of the land '    And this, for ire ordi
nary common  roads oi the country, without in-
cluding any ef the immense sums expended and
expending upon our great hue of railway  and
canals through the State, ?nd entirely exclusive of
the rchool tax, the  taxes for toe support of the
town and county   police,  the administration  of
justice, and  th  whole ci/il list of the S'ate     S r,
we have taxed curse!ves to  the uttermos', and, as
times are, far beyond  our mews    More than a
million of acres have become ro' eited, and sub
ject to be sold for the non-payment of tax?;,  our
people cannot pay '    And  they are thus so bcav}
upon us because of the condm m yon have pi"c d
us in.   L°t it be remembered, sir, that our p^opie
are scattered over t >e  whole face c a cou i ry
four-fifths if wh ch are yet public domain,  and
that, separating one farm from another, one vil-
lage, or town, or cuy from another, there intervene
large tracts, of this public domain, these wi'd and
wilderness tracts through which you will not make
roads yourself, nor contribute reasonable aid that
we may make them' And we are thus driven to
the depk rabie necessity of learning to 1 ve without
roads, without the means of intercommunication,
or else to make them imperfectly, and at an ex-
pense which now, that by your destructive policy
yon bave broken up the currency of the country,
we can in nowise b ar And what becomes of the
surplus produce of the farmer, if there be no road
or means of getting it to market? How, for pur-
poses of social, political, or commercial intercourse,
can we communicate with one another without
roads, canaK, or railways?
Sir, I would waive all considerations cf consti-
tutional power as regards the compact I bave
spoken of, and, placo g the whole matter upon the
basis of general policy, pecuniary economy on
your part, and indeed upon principles of absolute
and immutable justice alone, insist that this Go-
vernment ow s n to itself, to i's honor, End to us,
that 50U should go ¡n least as fai as this amend-
ment contemplates, towarls rescuing us from the
CJnliüon m wotch we are placed
If you or any individual were  ihe owner of a
lot in N w York or any other oit , ¿rid the proper
au bonti=s were to de ermict th-tt, U r he advance-
ment of th  grneral conv? meneo aH the promo-
ti ">a of tne public go id, tne side wa'k  a'ong its
front should be flagee1, or the street upm which
it bound's should le paved, the very first step in the
proems would be duly to ascertain to what extent
your lot would be benefited by the mpiovement
As a rrercantde stand, or as the site fori pnvate
dwe'ling, it rrny be worthless now, but,  Ihe con-
templated   work   being   accomplished, 11  value
may become immense.  Thi imt>art d value b-"ing
accertamed, jou would Le immediateli   taxed ac-
cordingly, and }cu woald be eotmelNl thti* to
contribute in dae piono tioi  f r th  Rccomnh- -
ment of the work.   All the world will ngree tr ji
it is prop r and just that you 'honU thus contri-
bi t .   And I ask, whit posible d fference i> there
between that esse atid  the  one whi'h  Mich ikxi
thus pa serfs to joi1    Whataie vour lands worth
if they b* not art hit-?   Ard whv should w? oe
at the whole exp^  so 1    icnd<=img tnem so whi e
you, «« a ? eat la d si culat •■,    m off wuh the
¡irofi ?    Sir,  I'u    irai er was ol'wi   1   un Urs nod
by that talented man v So wis once a' the V2 1 of
th  TreaMi-y, Albert  Gilla in     When Ohio was
adrmtted   Mo  tne Union, instead  of the five per
cent  \ hi"h «a-, ippropnated for road°, he'coom
men ed the grant of double that am urt     (Se his
Icti r lo Mr. Giles, American Sia e Paners, vol   1,
397-8)    He had vi nested  th   b mfi'.al effects,
n a pecuniary view, of such apeHcy, having him-
self, . s co-ator I suppo e of th s great fund  caused
puhlic road's,  at great expense, to be establ shed
and opened  throneh  the wilderness    And  when
this Sena'e, in 1807,  required him to report con-
cerning roads, canals, &c   he expressly recom-
mended that the whole of the proceeds of the first
te-i millions of acres rf the pub'ic domain, (equal,
according to his computation, to twen'y millions
of do lars,) should be applu d to such purpos ', and
in his report demo-sstra* d lh?t yeu «ould make
money by the operation, ind'P'ndent of the advan-
tage3 to the whole country that would inciden'ally
accrue from it    And T wou'd Tactfully ¡eper
gendemen to Ihe examination of his veos on that
subject, for they are full of good «ense    Th-v may
be found in vol 1, American State Pipers, pp.
740-1, and 920-1.   It is wt h pleasure, also, that
Í refer to a fact staled in a mos  abH r p rt, made
bv a member of th s body in 1832 (sec American
StaePspers vol 2, p->. G13  920-1,) by which it
appears that the "e<own 'and-> " of Main  ate sub-
ject  to b^  sMd at 30 cents pc ac e, a«d that the
pimhaser s at hbert/ to pay the ore hp'f of th"
pne- in the makn g of a road or roads witn 0  the
town hio, and  that, whenever there shall  be forty
purchasers resi'eitm an) towns*)!", 'he resido  of
the  pubic  lomim v t'hm it   hall pot be   fid for
less 'h n 60 certs rer acre   C*e the laws cf Maine
for 1828 )
Now, sir, is it not piamly inferrible from this
that the'people of Ma'pe know that the making of
roads and the establishment of settlers m their pub-
lic domain at once  double i's value?   And who,
sir, has ever accused a Yankee of want of shrewd-
ness in money matters, or of the want of cloeness
and providence in the concerns of pecuniary eco-
nomy?   Sir, you have yourself settled this question;
for when you gave to Oh o 500,000 acres of land,
to be applied to the purposes ot internal improve-
ment, in the discretion of her Legislature, and at
the same  time gave almost an equal quantity in
alternate sections along a strip of ten miles wide,
through which to construct her canal from Dayton
to Lake Erie, you simultaneously raised the mini-
mum price of those sections which remained with
you from gl 25 !o $2 50, thus  establishing the
fact, by your own concession, that, while you en-
abled that great  and powerful State more effectu-
ally to develop her resouices, and   to advance m
her wont'crfnl careerof prosperity still more rapid-
ly, you were not made one cent the poorer by the
operation.    Sir,   a yet mor  striking   evidence of
the influence of these   improvements upon the va-
lue of your public domain is on record befor#you.
You had given, in like  manner, to Indiana (you
never gave any to us, =ir') alternate sections to be
applied in the construction of one of her  canaK
Unfortunately for you, perhaps, &ir,  you created
or suffered to   be cieated upon some 24,000 acres
of t'-e lands so granted an  Ind an  incumbrance—
perhap  by   treatj yru may have  conveyed  to a
tr be of India is the whole proprietary ínteres' in it
What has been the   consequence?    Why, Indiana
has come before  yon, with   full and ample proof
that the )ication of  the canal   thiough their lam's
has so greatly increised its valup, thit it ,s north
more lhan any 161,000 acres cf the public domain
11 a I lhat regior; thus increasing us vtlue nearly
700 per cent     And   she therefore  demands, as a
oompen ai on ft r the pecuniary loss you bave oc-
ei umd h r, a gram ot that lbl,0(0 acrts    The
ilam    urns to be just, and, lor he life ofme,I
e   not how you wilt get rid of it, withi ut giving
to th t Stale ihe acres she demands of you
Sn, no coomry can pro per wi hout the benefit
of re id and other means 01 mt icommurieation.
We if Mu higa" have not only taxed ouisclves
bt)tnl our presmt mean1-, but we have pledged
ite f Jim of tne Statt,to ihe amount ot millions t>f
d lui , 10 accomplish so great a purpose. Still
ne fu pose is not tfTecied, for you have placed
vout inhibition upm us Four-filths of the coun-
try 1 he benefited by fsose roadb you withdraw
from toe taxing power ot the State, and yet yuu
refuse all fair and pioportionate contnbu ion to-
wards the accomplishment of works without
which } lur lands remain compa-auvely unap-
proachable and valueless Nor can any muive
be f< und foe a policy which bears upon us with
such h rsh injustice, m any influence it can pro-
duce upon your own pecuniary interests, for, as
the thrifty farmer laceares the value ot his pro-
perty by opening a ditch through his marshy
ground , so would you advance your pecuniary
wtete-.t-< by con-truct.ng roads and canals through
a country, four-fiiths of which you claim as your
own, vhi'e, by dmig so you would, at the same
t me, advance the prosperity of an integral portion
of t'-e natioi.
Sir, [ feel admonished by the voles the Senate
has ? ¡ready aiven on umdar amendments taat this
also may 'a 1 In the probability of tbat event,
there aie some other considerations I wish to pre-
sent
Thi' Na'ionil Government of >ours, sir, is
foaiic-ed on o union, not on force. It may be sus-
ta net by the good will of the na'ion, but never by
the bayon t fuere is no guarpnty fur its continu-
ance, nor tor the perpetuation of your insulation*,
except m the affiction of your people And now,
sir, 1 hiva 'o say that 'here is no portion of that
pe pie more devo edly attached to this Union than
('use tfM caigan There are none who would
wil iig!y suffer more for ib perpetuation and fer
its gks> And thi^ sentiment, is it not the part of
a wike policy for you to cherish ?nd to strengthen?
Y<f e are few in numbers now, sir, our State is fee-
ble and ltr-pote it, but the time may come when it
will be o'herwise. And your course towards us,
whatever it may be, will a'ways be closely ex-
amined, and always remembered.   If 11 be libera?
