44a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
August, 1841.
£?ih Cong. .. 1st Sess.
Public Lands—Mr.  Woodbridgc
Senate.
and jait, that devotedness of respect and affection
which we now feel will grow with our growth; it
will bee me a part of our very m ture, it wi'l be
trarjs"smed to those who come af'er us. But if it
be unkind and ua]U«.f, and especially if you forget
the plignted faith of the nation, the cord which
binds us to you will assuredly be loosened, if not ut-
terly destroyed. Sir, how can you expect the con
turned affection of jour poople after they shall
have ceased to have confidence in your wisdom,
your good faith, and your love of equal justice?
And yet there is a belief in Michigan that, for
years past, you have dealt unjustly by us, and
treated ui unkindly. Is this sentiment in any de-
gree well founded? Toen now, sir, is the oppor-
tunity presented to remove it. Place us upon a
footing with trie most favored of the new State',
adopt the amendment which is before jou, anl
you sponge it out forever.
Sir, what has been your policy towards us?
Painful as it may be, I feel that my duty is not
discharged without a brief review of it In your
irrepeaUble articles of compsct contained in the
ordinance of 1787—and which, si far as they con-
sist well with the Constitution, and subject always
to that paramount law, were by that instrument
fully affirmed—you established our southern boun-
dary, and you promised us, under the formal gua-
ranty of the national faith, that if we would go
there and buy land of you, and se tie thare in Mi-
chigan, we should have the right, so soon as our
population should equal sixty thousand, to be ad-
mitted into the Urion a sovereign and independent
State, "upon the ssrne footing with the original
States in all respects whatsoever " And how, sir,
have you kept your plighted fai'h? "We attained
our sixty thousand inhabitants, and modestly
claimed our right. You turned coldly from us, and
took no notice of our claim. Time passed on; our
numbers greatly increased; our citizens became
exceedingly impatient, and, without your action,
met in convention, formed a Constitution, and m re
formally claimed admission, with a reptevntation
in the Houve proportioned to our numbers Tms
application it was your ¡overmen pleasure to put
aside, and then jiu ai libo!a ely (omnvaeed the
work of dismembering our territory t You totk
from us- a wide snip of couotrj, extending aero s
the pemisu'iA the whole length of r«r southern
border—a country one square loot of which was
of more worth than a square mile in t'ie far no'th.
You took fiom us a part of the valley of St. Jo-
seph, and some fitty miles of that, the most beau'i
ful river of the West, you wrested from our juris-
diction and transferred them to Indiana' You
took from us the only harbi r we had on Like
Erie—ihe Miami bay—and a part of tha noble ri-
ver which empties into it, and a section of country
there which is destined to become the site of one
of the largest commercial cities of the Wcs', a d
gave them to Ohio' You thus made the stron 
stronger and ihe weak weaker, and, as we of
Michigan think, rou d d all th s in the /ery face of
the plighted faith of tha nation! Sir, I say not this
inconsiderately, I speak not merely the optn on of
Michigan, but the optn. on of some of the most able
and most learned jurists of the nation. Trie nam 
of Chancellor Kent heads the list Thv opu ion
is among the archives of our Siate, printed and on
file, and there it wi'l remain fi r ever. Sir, 1 seek
not to renew that contest no-v, he fuñera',1 know,
has gone b\; the Hon has had 'he lion's shar'; an i
it is done with But I may allude to it, as matea
tive of the spirit which wis íntired into your
councils.
Well, sir, wl en you had t>ken it from lis and
given it away, you thtn were p eased to turn around
and practici'ly tosay to us thv, a «e would ccme
again before you, and, with due humility, concede
that all you had done was- right ana proper, and if
we would alco agree to certain other conditions
which you chose to tack to ¿our invitation, you
would no longer deforce us of out vested right: and
that, wi h one Representative, we m ght b  \ er-
mitted to take our seat at your council fire ' If
othe-Pise, it seemed mamffstlv your purpose st 11
to exclude us Our population, in the interim, had
increased to upwards of 175,000 Thi<¡ fully ap
peared by a census taken in the spring of 1837, the
year of our ac'ual admission. Your Constitution
requires that the representation in th" House shall
be proportioned to the population. Ken'acky was
admitted with two Representatives, Maine wi h
many more; our population would have given us at
least three, but you allowed us but one. Thus you
withheld from us, a long time, our right of self
government and of ?dmi^ston into the Union;; on al-
tered eur chai tered limits, and took from us by far the
most valuable portion of our country; you ímpcej
uden us the hunailia'ion of appearing before you,
like a child still smarting under the rod, and there
confessing that all you had done was right, or el« ,
and if jour previous act was without authority, yon
used your power over our weakness in a manner
neither liberal, magnanimous nor ju '. And, las ,
but not least, you place us upon the foot n* of a
Roman province, and taks from us our taxing
po .ver' Sir, there is not a man in Michigan, then
a resident among us, who does not feel that wrong,
in these respects deep and cruel wrong has been
done. Still, sir, we are fastened to you by blood
and by affection. We have not been willing to
believe, we are not now willing to believe, that you
would continue to be unjust towards your own
brothers, nor could we imagine that jou would
long continue to deal with us less fsirl" then you
have dealt with Ohio, with Indiana, and -vih on er
of the ne-v S ates We have re prate lit, there'bre,
besought you to apply adequite portions of yrur
imm«>n«e domain there to the purpose of maki"g
canals and railroat's through the ret of t--at «ame
pnblic dirosm And ve have appealed to you on
this hsad the more confidently, because we felt
assured that by conforming to our requests, while
you conferred blessings upon us, you would be ren-
dered in nowise the poorer yourselves Hereto-
fore you have rejected our applications. This bill
propones, it is true, to apply to those purnoses one-
hilf million of acres, this will th us much pood But,
st, what, aft-r a'l, is that compared either wi'h a
ratable contribution by a tax, oi •ait'i th1 r/i"gn-
tnde of t^p purposes -on^bt to h" accomp' sh ^
Towards th" construction <f our irrca' lines if
rommn^ioit on toLik' M Cuigín aid Chicago we
i tip alre?dy ^or-ovt l an i expanded nsnj mil-
lions of doll rs, ,md yet not oie-lhird if «ry one
of them is completed. Onr own energies Mve been
applied to the ut'ermost m furtherance of this great
purpose, as we'l as t'-at of opening and cors'ruct-
ing our c-rnroon roids throi'fh the land but onr
strong and z'Mlmis efforts ?ie .'11 paraljzn} by ih"
harsh policv you h¡>ve pursued. Your in"rdict >s
upon us You t'eprive us of i'-e powr oí eo rcirg
a f?ir contnb'jt on upon all the !an!t> be bene
fited by 'ho^e irmroveme-Ms, and whir's ^te s > re-
cessarv to the pub'ic in crests, arid vou refi ee, also,
to apply any reisonaVe pr0 <wt n of tie pub'ic
domain to the opening of cotimamca'io' s through
the re '.
Pu, I wis'i tS H3to's cou'd s,"e th'condi'tcn o
which voir policy has reduced its' i v.sh f^cy
cou d s°e with whit ardor an ¡ <*<>rtero is devok !-
i e s our people bav- It >' th'raselves i 'he great
end of reclaiming ?nd embe'Ii t-ing n ¡r beautiful
penmsulp; and ecp°c ally tn'b" indispensable, but
mo t expensive, one of constructing re ^s through
the pu'-'ic do"!A i, and o< progre^s'-g with cor
grea' lines of c iirnu^c nor across the penin u '
Trpy would then s e bo v utterly des rue ivo of all
Ire great puTO'cs <• f Go"eni"ricr>t thtt poli"y is
vh ch wifdra s
the advarcnie t cf the
fifths of 'he real estale vi hm onr
vjhen you proved us t^at r,= 'hcuU
into ihis Union as a "ree smd lnJoo
"upon  th" sam  footing wiih the orig
f'om a ¡a i contahu on towards
rncra' fosf   ity, fovji-
I'ts     Cir,
<- vlmitted
l    ~ltS.3t<!,
it Suites in
all respects whatsoever,"  we uudewood you to
mean  what you sjid     We undeist io 1 iron your
on i'.ance and articles of compact  trut yur pur-
pose was tJ btt'ld up apon tne puohedoma n in Jo-
pen i nf  St^te-, as fre , as mti l'igen', as  pr jsper-
cus, and a^ happy as your own; that Io this great
end all others  tended; and that m ih's promise, ¿>ll
other provisions merged.     Sir,   this amf-iid^ent
does   not   ask   yoa   to withdraw your inhibition
agairs1 our tax.ng power, though tnat only could
place us "upon the same footing with the original
Sta'cs "    But if you fear Jest we «hould exerci e
tha'pjwer unjustly,  or with  tco high a hand, at
least give us someth ng that will bear His sem-
blance of a compensation for the deprivation if it.
But gentlemen, who acknowledge the justice oí our
clai n, are nevertheless di suaded, it appears, fro n
vo'mg fir it, lest it should defeat the bill, and
say to us,  apply   at another   time.     Even the
tabnted   Senator from  Indiana,   [Mr.   White,]
for whose   able support of the principle of this
amendment  the   other   day I felt peiionally so
deeply grateful,  now informs us that he fears any
hnger to give it his aid, lest that should b? the
consequence.     And in all kmdnes . he  has ad-
ver ed to the old legal maxim, which he is p eased
to suppose I may understand, (ihat you shall sj
construe a statute or other legal instrument, "ut
res magis val'at quam ferea',") as ¡sufficiently  dis-
closing his  mouve of action.     I suflkient'y un-
stand the maxim I bel eve, and its pres nt applica-
tion.   Indiana has indeed eve y th ng to gain by
the parsing  of this bill.     And deeply as I should
regret the nnexpested  wuhdrawal of his generous
support,  yet I could notjustly reproach him, if he
shon'dreaily think that, bycon'inuirg hi friendly
aid, he vould brn g into hazard what he, perhaps,
jti'tly consider  the more impor ant object to birr:
tkat ot securing the benefit of this bill to h>s o n
S ate   Bjt I do not see the log'c, nor feel the force
of the suggestion, that the adop'ion of the amend-
ment would at all put m jeopardy the fat® of the
bill    On the return to the House of the bill with
the Senate's amendments, the House could have
control only of the amendments, and if ihe Hon e
refuse to concur in them, the Senate can sure y re-
cede and pass Ihe bill.   For myself, «ir, hov,ever,
I will not «ay that I will  ote against the bill if this
amendment ■•hi uld berejee'ed    1 cons.der this t U
as a part cdy of a system of measures, each one
of vote , is depenlent more or less upon tus success
ot th- ('h r  noi can I p rceive anv thirg unn>ual
or ceasu-ab'e in that co irse.    I wisnto <ee th-m
a'l pa s; and, especially, I wsh to s"e the pr< cei's
of thtsgrear fuid turned into o h-r channels, wh re
tiey are more wanted, and would do more good.
S i'l I coutd not vote for it, if it were to close the
dooi ¿gainst our future application. It is mrs' ma-
terial, wi>h referenc- to my ?c ion t ow, that it con-
t-ims provisions wh'ch manifestly contempla'e the
fu'ure attainment of suca an object as this amend-
ment, it adopted, would now secure. I am entirely
con/meed, sir, that justice and wi-dom e-amen ly
require the adiption of  the amendment now, but
I am aware, aLo, that the minds ot men are diffe-
rently constituted, and  arc  nece-sanly n fluenred
b/ the degree of knowledge, more or  Jess mmute,
<> I icn miy be pjs es^ed it fpc s and circutns'ances
which b ar upon the subj «ct of examtnatioa    The
same object whici, to o is perso", or at one time,
mai  seem of o-ie color, to another person, or at
another time, msy se°m of a very dif re t one,
aeci rdmg to th? medium through which he look-, at
l*. Su'l may hopt that ja«ic9,like truth, is mighty,
ant muUin h*  end prevail     And if, unhappily,
th s amendment shou'd now fail, I w 11 st ,1 indu'ge
the be'tef tuat, at another time, when prejudice's
are removed, and a more amp'e and accurat  know-
lid, e of fects and circumst^rcfi shall exis , that
rea enable r-hef which  s niwrsked 'or will be
extiníed.    And a sniedly, sir, if hi->  mepsu^e be
no" defeated, (ard t1" i->p rei' d"tc tlPn 0f fy ce
1 hid Hoped v re i , f iend , h i-      !uc  ' t'j« ap-
preh"n-ion that t ,n   b« Lfei ed,) I h-Uholdit
to berry dtti.atriotl   r  '?=  t  , ar,    f-o-n .r e
to tii>e, to v.dea tr t   i -c   before y0\, n or  "tr-
ee sfuli y te ag"ataed vior*-, brotgnt i, , >-, u.
jy y( 3r ,p^r^   /epi'i^, .^rjt e «oscop, ps 1P'¡
a-, Hisrct, of ex'fri'itng  to uu of Mtchyan &««<.
; p'opgr measure of relief,
