gust, 1841.           .               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL éLOBÉ;                                      ÁSí
------------                                              '"                              -----'------------             "                                                    '                                                                                                    j}*^                                                           !      if"       'II       ---,--------
£7th Cokg....1st Sess.                           Post Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Jlrnold.                                            H. of Reps.
every  heart.   Oh, sir, that he could have lived!
Bat God, i,i his infinite wisdom, saw fit to take
him from us; and  wc should not repine.   The
ways of Providence are mysterious, and passeth
the understanding of man.   But the idea that God
in his providence struck President Harrison down
to prevent the success of a political measure is
strange, if not impious.   According to this doc-
trine, if the rains come and wash away a man's
fences, he should not build them up  again, be-
cause Gud is the author of the rain, and therefore
against his having fences.   So,  if the winds   of
Heaven come, and unroof a man's house or barn,
he should not put it on again, because God,  ac-
cording to the argument, is against his having a
roof on his house or his barn.   This is ferocious,
impious slang.    The gentle and refreshing rains of
Heaven fall upon the unjust as well  as the just.
But I have heard it so   often mentioned  that I
thought I would mention it here.    Sir, there is one
thing of which  1 feel very certain:  if President
Harrison had lived, we should have been able to
hue brought the vesssel of state «p into dry-dock,
and have caulked her  effectually from siem to
Siern, and have sent her afloat again in six weeks,
in complete trim and  entirely  seaworthy.    Then
we should have had the  happiness to have seen
the joyous countenances of the gallant tars in every
pari of the ship.    New life would  have been in-
fused among the whole crew, and we should have
heard nothing but the  hearty heaveo! and the
bustle of business.   Sir, instead of this cheering
picture, what have we had  here?   Why, sir, we
have heen for near three months amidst rocks and
breakers, with a captain who  refutes  utterly to
bok at ¡hi cardinal points, or to steer the ship by
them, or to listen to the advice of experience; and
is daily threatening to leave as gallant and faithful
a crew as ever captain commanded, and go him-
self upon a piratical cruise.   And,  I repeat, sir,
if h? has a taste for this kind of service, let him go.
We, the crew, will stick to the gallant old ship,
and, if she must go down, we will go down with
the last plank.   But, sir, I have no fears.   Let the
captain desert; I will neither pursue him nor offer
a reward for him.   My own opinion is, that we
can manage the vessel better without him than
withhrn.
Sir, if a stranger had come into this hall, or into
thsse galleries, and had heard the futious tirades
of gentlemen on the other side, about creating a na-
tienal debt, and a post office debt, and about sad-
dling the post office upon the general Treasury; if
he had heard the fiendish and malignant assaults
upon the Cabinet—the President's confidential ad-
visers—heard them denounced as Federalists and
Abolitionists, and as enemies to their country,
what do yon suppose he would have thought?
Would be not have thought that we (the majority
here) and the Cabinet of the President were a gang
of pirates, who had boarded the vessel of State,
murdered the old and honest crew, had pillaged the
Treasury of the nation and of the Post Office Ds
partment, and were now in the act of applying the
torch to these departments for the purpose of con-
cealing our peculations and infamous frauds from
the owners of the vessel? This would certainly b 
his conclusion. Bat, sir, what would be his sur-
prise and utter astonishment when he came to the
truth, and found that these very men, who were
thus exclaimine, belonged to that very party who
had committed all these enormities themselves, and
that for tsese very enormities they had been cast
off by the people, the owners of the vessel, and that
she had, in her dismantled, dilapidated, and ruined
condition, been placed in our charge; and that we
were honestly and faithfully struggling, under all
these disadvantages, to set the vessel afloat once
more ? That thTs was the head and front of our
offending. What, sir, would be the exclamation
of such a man ? Would he not exclaim, " Won-
ders will never cease ! This surpasseth all impu-
dence, all brazsn effrontery and hardihood that I
have ever met with !" This surely would be the
exclamation of any honest man. And this is the
exact state of the case here. The most furious
assault has been made upon Mr. Granger, the Post-
master General. Gentlemen exclaim most bitterly
against the removals which he'has made.   But I
believe I have not heard a single man who has
spoken with so much bitterness on this subject, or
who belongs to the Democratic party, that doss not
acknowledge the correctness of the principle, to a
much greater extent than Mr. Granger hat prac-
tised it. They proclaim here upon the floor, even
in the midst of their complaints and waitings for
the loss of office, that the principle laid down by
Governor Marcy, and practised upon by the party,
" that to the victors belong the spoils," is the cor-
rect principle. And gentlemen have proclaimed
here that if they had the power, they would not
permit a single Whig to remain in office.
[Here some gentleman spoke, and said that Gov.
Marcy, in the face of his own rule, still held under
this Administration a most lucrative office.]
Mr. Abnold said he believed that Mr. Granger,
if he understood his rule, did not go the leng'h of
the Democratic rule.    Nor, sir, do I go quite the
the length  of Mr. Granger's  rule.    What is the
Democratic rule?    Why, "to the victors belong the
spoils."   This is a broad  rule, and  authorizes a
clean sweep of all political  opponents, active or
passive, honest or dishonest, capable or incapable.
What is Mr. Granger's rule?   Why, if a man has
b'en en active political partisan, that is considered
a sufficient cause for turning him out?    What is
my rule?   Why, if a man is unfaithful or  incom-
petent, or if his predecessor had been proscribed to
make room for him, then I would  turn him out.
I would not turn a man out because he had taken
an active Dart heretofore in   elections, because I
understand that was exacted of him by the late Ad-
ministration as a part of the consideration upon
which the  office  was bestowed.   They expected
him and required him to put forth all his energies
in favor of the party. Tnis is certainly a very dan-
gerous system; and if any thing on earth could pro-
duce a great cential Federal despotism and consoli-
dation of powers, this is the surest plan to prod uce it.
Although I would not have officers removed (for
the reasons I have stated) for past offences—it be-
ing, in my opinion, rather an ex post facto operation
—yet I would lay down the rule, so that all might
distinctly understand it, that any future interference
in elections  should   be  cause of removal.   All
should be entitled to vote, for or against the Admi-
nistration, and should never   be questioned for it.
Further Iban this they should not go. Whenever an
officeholder becomes an active electioneering parti-
san, he necessarily involves his office, and soon con-
vert? it into an electioneering machine, and turns it
against the liberty of the people.  Gentlemen have,
day after day, here hesped  anathemas and denun-
ciations upon the head of Mr. Granger for his pro-
scriptions, as they call them.    I am neither the eu-
logist nor apologist of Mr. Granger, but I feel  it
mv duty to do him even-handed justice.    Before I
left home, Mr. Granger made one removal in my
district, and appointed to the office a rabid partisan,
and nominally a Whig.   Mr. Granger  was cer-
tainly very unfortunate in this instance, for the re-
moval was complained of by the Democrats, and
the appointment was complained of by the Whigs.
Shortly after  my arrival here, 1   called   on Mr.
Granger and candidly told him that I thought he
hid made a blunder in the removal and appointment
of a postmaster at.Tonesborough.   I told him that I
knew Dr. Chester, the late postmaster, well; that I
wa", perhaps, more familiar with the management
of the post office in Jonesborough than any man
who did not live in the county; that I had trans-
acted  considerable business through it,  and that
I considered Dr. Chester honest and capable; but
I could not say that he had not taken an active
part in elections, and that he did not come within
the rule ¡aid down by Mr. Granger and the Pre
S'dent in  this respec'.    I told Mr. Granger that I
felt quite certain that he had not improved the con-
dition of the post office at Jonesborough by the re-
moval; that the man turned out was, in my opinion,
in all things a better man than the man appointed.
Mr. Granger talked very fairly and very reasona-
bly on the subject.    He seemed to have no malig-
nant feelings to gratify.    He said "no removal
ouaht ever to be made unless the oíñee could be
filled by a better man."   I have no doubt Mr.
Granger was imposed upon most grossly in the
present instance.    If he had had full light on the
subject in this instance, I have no idea that he
would have made a removal.   But, from the wide-
ly-extended operation of the department over which
he presides, and from the multitude of applications
for removal and appointments which are daily
crowded upon him, he is constantly liable to be
imposed upon and to make mistakes. In my opi-
nion, to some degree they are unavoidable.   I take
this occasion to say to our friends upon this floor,
and throughout the ceuntry, that there has teen
manifested too great a thirst for office. It has given me
more uneasiness than any thing I have seen among
the Whigs. Sir, I did not understand that we, in the
great and glorious struggle which brought Gen.Har-
rison into power,were contending merely for the of-
fices. I an, quite sure Gen. Harrison did not think so,
and I am equally certain that the great mass of the
Whigs did not think so.    I thought we were strug-
gling to save the country, and to turn out all the
rogues and incompetent office holders, and to purify
and regenerate the Government.    It never entered
into my bead that the honest and capable of the
Van Buren party were to be turned out merely for
opinion's sake.    I would not be understood as say-
ing that if an office was to be dispensed, and my
friend and my enemy were applicants, all other
things equal, that I would not give it to ray friend.
I certainly would give it to my friend.   To this
extent I go—no further.   1 invoke our friends to
set their faces against this system of office seeking.
It is the very leaven of corruption.   Sir, we must
rebuke our friends—must talk plainly and candidly
to them.   We must tell them that this is net a Go-
vernment of sinecures.   This Government was de<
s;gned to protest men in the enjoyment of the earn-
ings of honest, industry—not to give a man an
office without duties to perform, and pamper him
in idleness at the public expenye.   This thirst for
office is the most alarming  «in, in  my opinion,
that besets  this   Government.    If  the American
freemen want an exemplification of this position,
I will send them to the Executive mansion of this
nation.   There let them behold  the writhings of
its wretched inmate.   Do they ask what has pro-
duced it?    I  answer,  an unhallowed thirst  tor
office.   This has been the unhappy source of all
our difficulties this whole session. The Democratic
party, like the serpent in the garden of Eden with
mother Eve, has beguiled him, and, with  more
than womanish weakness, he stretched forth h;s
hand to pluck the forbidden fruit—(a second Pre-
sidential term.)   Yet, sir, it will be to him like the
richly loaded bough of most delicious fruit which
hung most temptingly over, and almost in contact
with, the  head   of Tantalus, but whenever   he
stretched forth his hand, to pluck the fruit, the
winds would wave it entirely out of his reach.
They saw he was a poor weak man, and easily
tempted.   They bedaubed him all over with flat-
tery, which he seemed to think was all right and
proper; while his more honest friends were thinlt-
in  he would surely cast them off, and, in disgust
and bitterness of spirit, exclaim, "What have 1
done that mine enemies praise me?"   The Presi-
dent's personal friends, independent of all political
considerations, mn-.t feel greatly mortffied that h 
suffered himself to be so palpably tampered  \r¡th
by his enemies.
But gentlemen tell us if we do not hold out the
lure of office to men, we shall not be able to rally a
corporal's guard; that the people will not sustain
any party that does not profess to dispense the of-
fices. If gentlemen mean by this that the people
will not sustain any but an office holding and an
office seeking party, I take isiue with them. Tne
great mass of the people are honest, and despise the
whole office seeking corps. We dispense the of-
fices, to be sure—not to favorites—not to buy up
mcn__not as a reward t« corrupt partisans—but to
men of talents and integrity. This, in my opinion,
is the true principle, and one that will perpetuate
our free institutions, and make us a great and
happy people.
But, sir, I return to Mr. Granger and the Post
Office Department. What is the great crime Mr.
Granger has committed? Why he has removed a
few paltry deputy po^tmasteis. I have no doubt
that nine out of every ten ought to have been
turned out for cause.   And gentlemen admit them?
