!é               ________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________August, 1841.
27th Cong-..1st Sbss.                      Po*t Office appropriation Bill—Mr. Cushing._______._______________II. of Reps.
sel-'e  ti? , ipon thn-own principle , tfapre ought
to be a clean* *e ¡> I do not know how it rs in
other districts, but i know how it is m my own,
and I do not think that either party has. any serióos
ground oí complaint. There is a number of De-
mocratic postmasters m my district; and some of
them, I must do them the justice to say, are the
very best postmasters m the district. Well, sir,
one of them has been removed, and I verily believe
that one would not have been removed if ihe Post-
master General had had all the (acts before him.
Since that removal he has, to my knowledge, ap-
pointed in my district three Democratic postmas-
ters. He has appointed no Whig in ray district,
to my knowledge, except the nominal one in the
place of Dr. Chester. He has, to my knowledge,
refused to turn out several Democratic postmasters
m my district as ainst strong and respectable so l-
citatiofs to turn them out. Upon this state of
facts, I ask the party what they have to complain
of I wil1 advise them to read the fable of the
frogs that had a log foi a king.
But what do gentlemen msan? Is there one upon
this floor that will say the Post Office Department
is not totally unable to comply with its contracts?
Throughout all this discussion I have heard no
gentleman venture such a statement as this. But
some gentlemen seem to oppose this appropriation
because they dislike the gentleman at the head cf
the Department. And one of my colleagues [Mr.
Johnson] opposes it, I believe, upon the very sa-
tisfactory giound ihat some postmaster in his dis-
trict, during the last Presidential canvass, franked
a coon skin over into Kentucky. At least, the
'ranking of this coon «kin constituted a good part
part of his speech yesterday And between his
high-wrought eulogy of Amos Kendall and h s dp
nunciauon of ihe coon skm pistroaster worked
hiHie-elt up in o a fear'ul ra¡>e Su, f confer
my colleague looked truly frightful. It was by no
means s ran¿e that my col'eague sh uld oppose this
appropriation, necessary and indispensable as it
is to the current service of the Department, and to
the faith and honor of the nation. The reason
given for the opposition was what siruck me as
outre Sir my colleague is opposed to every thing.
Ill may be truly called an Opposition member,
M luugh he belongs now to the Admiiu-tration
I >x\) I should 'ike to see son eihmg stored
1 re ihat ni} colleague could go for. I think I
Lva not h-atd him vote ay here once this session,
unless it wd open an adjournment. I tiiakl
have heard him give four or five of those votes
within the compass of a few hourC Ithmkt'-e
gentleman vottd even against lhat most popular of
al> measures ot national defence, the home squad-
ron, which came within eight votes, I belicee, of
nan? r>o h paries Still my colleague could
njthx bistnouta 10 say ay. He is recorded amot g
tit eight roc. If a majority of this House was
tompostd oí  uth men as ray colleague, I should
like to know would become of ihe nation. But,
sir, as lo lhis coon skin posimaster that hai an-
noyrd and prpvoked my colleague so, I desire, as
Me say sometimes in the West, that my ci lieague
will furmsh me with the name and place of abode
of this coon skin cons'iutent of his.
But, su, i  the appropnatirn necessary? I Vave
do ooubt < ri that subject. But gentlemen, admit-
ting the necessity of theappropnaiion, ask us not
to make it out of the general Treasury, but to bor-
row it up n the credit of the Post Office. This
wetn to me to squint at an abstraction, and there-
fore I am agsinst it The Post Ofhee revenues are
our-, ^nd ubject to our con rol, as fullv as the
í  Js in the generalTi asury The general Trea-
•- ry is in debt to the Post Office a million of d >'-
'a's.u i.ich it had accumulated unt'er the wisdom ?nd
prudence of preceding Adminisiritions Tbela'eAd-
mis'ranon have raided ard pr s'rated ihe whole sys-
imoi organization and tffrienev which .he De-
px'tment hi 1 under the administration of Mr.
Monroe tnd nis immediate successor. I s effi-
c n-v is now completely crippled, its resources
encumbered, and laboring under an actual debt or
at least five hundred thousand dollars I say at
}*au, because I suppose the Post Office ¡o be
much more largely indebted than this sum. 0 ,e
of the olaeu and moit intelligent contractors w th*
Uni ed States was here a few weeks ago, and was
wrongly irrponumng me to have soaiuhug done
ta relieve the Department. He said they were
largely m arrears with him, and he verily believed,
«hen the whole indebtedness of tb.3 Department
was ascertained, lhat it would be nearer a mi'hon
than half a million g,r, a couple of poor con-
tractors in my section of the country have been
writing to me to get some money that has been
long due them at the Post Office Department. The
Department acknowledges the fustic  ot the de-
mand, but deehves they are unable to pay; while
[ believe the contractors have been sold out, stock,
lock, and barrel And, with all these facts staring
gentlemen in the face, they stand up here and op
pose the appropriation, and say, Let the contrac-
tors wait nntil the Post Office can pay them
[Here Mr. Bidlack, of Pennsylvania, said mat
he intended to vote for the bill ]
Mr. Arnold said: Yes, I acknowledged the gen-
tleman is for the bill, and made a very sensib'e
and pertinent speech in favor -of it, for which he
has my thanks. I wish that gentleman to under-
stand, that when I censure the party for l's indis-
criminate opposition, it is not my intention to cen-
sure every individual of that party. There are a
number of gentlemen in the psrty who, if once
freed from party shackles, I believe would be orna-
ments to their country. There are a great many
clever men in the Democra is ranks, among th°
peop! , a greater proportion of clever men there than
there is on this floor. And the same may be said
of the Whigs We have some clever men, and
fone that are not near so clever. And our consti-
tuents at home are much cleverer than most of u<,
much more lo be n lied upon.
And ihese very gentu men,of «horn I was speak-
ing, stani up her-, in open da;-light, and pass the
most fn some and disgusting eulogies upon Amos
Kendall—one of tha mam, wicked, and corrupt
insriments that has brought tne Departir ent to
its present insolvent and degraded conJ,uon. Yes,
Amos Kendall, who knew well its condition, and
knew that a could not be long concealed from the
public—that they had patched it up, and had got
along upon one expedient after another as long
as it wou'd bear patching, and thit there would
coon be an explosion, and that theconiiton of
ihe Departmeni must come to hshi—ves, Amos
Kendall, who knew all these things—and, to hear
gentlemen tilk, >ou would think that he knew
every tbin~ and withal wa? agreat financier and
an honest man '—deserted his post, and had poor
old man JNi es brought in that the blow might fall
up n his h adi 1 always looked upon him as
Kendall's scape-goa'. And gentlemen tell ns th?t
evn he was agreat man I cannot admit Mr.
Nil"s was a great man, but, if it will grat fy gen-
tlemen I will admit he must have been a great
goat if he were ab'e to trar away n to the wilder-
ness the sins of Amos Kendall.
I fra induced to believe, sir, tint the-e h'gh-
wrought eulogies upon Amos on one hand, and of
broad and unmeasurel denunciation of Mr Gran-
ger on the other, aie not intended for this House,
but for the White House. I rather think that
Amos feels 1 ke he might come up again under the
rei n of the Punch party or the Tyler dynasty.
Think of iba', Wmgs' Amos Kenda'1 appointed
Postmaster by trie man you straggled mío power'
Tell it not on the Green Mountains of Vermont,
noronthe banks of ihe Mississippi, for fear that man
losi-s all confidence in his fel'ow man, and e«peei-
?lly in all ocl ti<MJns, and all governm n s and
laws of c vu zstion and soeia1 order, and reve'ts to
asíate of n^'are Ido not p'otend to predic', sir,
( what the sequel of a I thst is pas tng may be, bit,
sir, I «houV not be at a1! surprised if the pres nt
Postaras "r General was superseded by Ainos Ken-
dall, oi some kindled sp ri' Sjr, the times are por-
tentous, and that s^n which -shows to my mind the
greatest degradation of moral feeling is the lofiy
eulogium parsed by members on this fl or upon
the character of A"ios Kendall. Ye?, sir, the man
who deserted the Post Office at the hour of its dark-
est trial and greatest need. And to do what, sir?
To ?erv« his country? No, sir' No, sir1 That
was the last fhirg in his though' . It was not to
seive his country, but his party.   Ye , t j edis the
Mies-, most Talent, and vu'gii -wi an n" soo-
r<r that Was evrr pab ished. Did he leave the
Po--'Office to serve his countr '' No, sir1 but,
throjgli his flithy col imns, to "charge abcl'tiomsm
and jideialmn fcome" upon that venerable oldier,
ano tn t pure statesman, William Henry Harrison
And this man now a favorite at the White Hou^e '
Sir, my feelings will not nerrrut me to pursua this
idea iuriher.
But, sir, there is one other u'ea which fell fro-A
the distingu sh d gentleman fiom New York to
my left, [Mr Gordon] I really th.ik, sir, the
idea deserves to be patented. What is h? iiVhy,
sir, the learned gentleman tells us, very gravely,
ho.v hu friend, Amos Kendal!, used to pay the
depts of the Post Office when it got in arrears.
And how did he do r' Why simp'y by curtai'mg
mail facilities: that i% by stopping the mail m va-
rious quarters of the countiy, and shutting out
1 ght and inf< rmation to the people. I wonder, if
Amos gets tobe Pos'master again, if he will nit
practbe upon the idea taat the booby had of'he
FranHtn stove? He was told that the Fnnklin
stove would save half the wood. Well, said he,
I will bay two stoves, and that will save all the
wood. Amos had better stop all the mails, and
then he will save all the expense. If ha only stops
a part, I wonder where he will begin? Upon the
little horse mails, Í suppo e, tisat carry letters,
newspapers, &c &c, among the hills, to tho poor
people, I te'l the gentlemai nov, and his friend
Amos, too, that I never will agree to this. I have
more faith in th? peop'c that live ouij,n thecounfry-
as we say among the hills, than I have in anv other
por ion of orr popuU ¡on. Give the-B but luh',
let them know 'hs truth, and you may deveni
upon them. Amon  il-em you will find the p re
and unadulte'-.Ved ir ends of 1 b°r!y Not like
the popula ion of jo'ir cif °«, ib^y are alusjs
smelling atuut a trr an office I have bm liitie
fauh in them. But the rrbust and hardy popu-
lation of the pounfy are always free and indepen-
dent in feeling. They pay the taxes; and they
fight the haul s of the country, and I will not rgi^e
that the few small faci'iti°s which they have
now shall be cut off from them. Instead of dim -
nishin , I had much rather mercase ihem. la my
opinion, mail facilities are great stimulants to eo."
cation and mental improvement. I look upon e iu-
cation as the sheet anchor of liberty itselt I de-
sire to see every child m ihe c mmum y p'aced in.
a situation to leccitre a good English education.
Th°n, and not till then, s"-all I feel that our free
msihutions are safe Sound docrme would thin
take root every wher°, and demagogueism wouid
he brm h d from, the land Plow do you suppo e,
Mr Cnai man, a man wou'd feel, who had be -n
taking and rerd^iga good newspaper for t'ure
or ts/iir \ears, to bs 'old that mail faci'ities were
s'opoed, and that he could not iiet his newspapTs
any more, t'jat Amas Kendall had wasted and x-
hausted the funds of the Post Office in extra allow-
ance-; to various favorite contractors, smd that va-
rious postmasttis had defaulted and run away, and
that the Post Office had got so far behindhand that
Amos had stopped 'he mails ia various qu?rler~, n
order to pay the debts of the Post Office ? ! think
he would (eel and spy lhat it was the rex' ihirg to
depriving mm of food atsd ra>ment Tris would
be like the policy of ihat father wao wou'd go oat
and rqaandrr h s substance a,jon the vicon", the
worthies", the wanton and the id e, and then le
turn home, and. by way of making up his loss  ,
pu' his lawful n ife ?n't children upon half allow-
nore of food and rair/ient
REMARKS OP MR. CUSHING,
Or MASSACHUSETTS
in the House of Representatives, «lug. 95, 1841—
In Comrm'tee of the Whole on t.>e s ate oí ihe
Umon, on the Post Office Appiopnation Bi I
Mr. GUSHING said he «as conscious the Mem-
bers of the somraittfp werp anxious to take the
question, ard he  ou d not have risen fo address
them but for «oms r' factions on the character and
conduct of the Pre lien* of the United Snte?.
which had  been introduced  into the debat  by
the g°nt!emi>n fiom   Tennessee   [Mr.   Arnold]
and th«> gentleman ftom^Vngmia [Mr. BorasJ
