SeP*' ÍS41*______           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB;                                          4ÍÉ
Wtu Cons*..-1st 8ess.__________________Second Veto Message-Mr.  Thompson.                                                      H. of Reps.
that I would adopt I propose to make liberal quota'ions fiom
it, as evidence of what ms opinions once were, when he was
acq -¡irmg that character to v. hich he is indebted for his present
el va'ion In anotiici part of it, when s^eak ng oi the Bank
of tne U med Stares, ne ^aid.
"The aigument derived fmm precedent andu«ed by gentle
men, is suarda! How would the question oi the c mat tu
tiona'i y oí the Bins, stall, if pieceüent is to be recited to?
What becomes of tne pratsps bes'owed upon tne Pipsi'ent
[I-icksoi j fot his veto of the Bank two yeais ago? Iwiceh. s
the Bank been chai 'end by the approbation ofeall the conm-
tu'ionaí organs of Government, thnce has it passed the two
Houses 01 Congiess, and, not to speak of subordinate tnlu
nals, once, if no mon , has it leccive I the s iemu sanction of
the highest court knovn to ourjudicatuie "
Although Mi Tyipi,mthis8 eech, positively repud al>s the
obügatoiy lo-ceof pie.edent, yet he acknowledges ihaf by pre-
ceJentthe corstitutionalny of Jie Bmk i-, m< st mduni ably
Bellied Nolw tnstandmg this dehheiate expresión of opmi m
in the- Senate of the Um'cd Sm'cs, ne declares in his first Veto
Messas-p, that 'the cuu nry has been, and stilt is, deeply a<"
tared by th * unsettled qnes'mn " Row is aquestion evíi set
tied, whether u' l*ga] or constitutional mterpteutiou? Is it not
by the tepeated recognition of established rule? W hy. sir t e
lives, liberty, and proper y, ef oui fellow citizens ate adi'di
cated upon and detei mined by precedent Your codes of law
are but codes of precedent. Your Government is a Govern
ment of precedent Do we not look back upon the recorded
opinio is of the f uheis of the Constitu ion for the guidance of
ouipuo'ic conduct, with the same fondness and devotion as
up^n the admonmors oi paternal induction? True, Mr Ty
ler, asaSerator, íepiesentma; but one of the Slates of Uie
Union, thought and acted differently But when he becomes
theiepiesentativeof a mighty people—of varied pui-unts, and
scattered over an immense leimoiy ot count'y— when he is
nude the occupant of thar chair upon whien the most illus-
trious men of any age have sat—does he undergo noohangeof
opinion corresponding with his change of position? In his
Inaugural Message he says.
"In deciding upon the adaptation of any such measure [for
the restorattm ufa sound circulating medium] to the end mo
posed, a^ well as its conformity to the Constitution, I shall íe
sort to the f uheis of the great Republican school for a 1 vice and
instruction, to be d, awn from their sage views of out system uf
Government, and the light of theire^er glonous example '
Does this language convey no recognition of precedent?
What constitutes precedent, but the "example" of those who
have acted before us? To what else than piecedent does the
"advice and ioenuciion"of the < fathers of the great Kepubli
eanschool" lead us? With this clear avowal of his intention,
bpon his ascension to the Pies dential oihee, we weie all con
tent No man dewed—the country c¿r amly did not—stumper
and more conclusive evidence of his dcctmmation to be go-
verned by the piecedent, the example of our fatheis IlTv
ms, asi have shown jou, admitted in 1834  ha' prrrtdent e^ta
bitched the <on«tmitronility uf a Bank, i ul uus pledging him-
self to be governed hy "the light ol the ever-glonous ex imple"
o, those who foimed that piecedent what man could hesitate
to believe that, like the patuot Madison, who looked out fiom
himself upon the broad theatie of his, country, he was pic
ared to approve such a Bank as Congiess might present him?
o I understood him, so my constituents understood him, so
the country understood him. But as the things of to day ¿re
notalways thetvpesof thefuture, so the piomises of men m
power, sometimes afford but an indifferent index to their acts
In the first mauguial of General Jackson, he madea piumise
similar to that of the present President    He said
"A diffidence, perhaps too ju«*t, in my own qualifications
will teach me to look with reverence to the examples of public
virtue left by my illustrious predecessor, and with veneration
to the lights that now from the mind t at founded and the mind
that íeformed our system '"
1 presume none of us have forg ítte i how goon and how
repeatedly he was cfiarged with an abandonment of Una pro
mist*? £)ven hii high chaiactcr for funmess and decision, hi 
eminent services to theco'intiy, and ¡>aenhccs for irs welfare,
could not piorect him asramst ariai*nrncnt Among his ac-
cuser Mr Tyler stood boldly fo.th II thus held him to ac
count
•The Pre-ident (said he) in his fi stinauguial pledges him
se'ito oosnit the lights held out by the eiamp'as < f V o^e
who had preceded mm m the Adm<nibtration of the Govern
ment Has tied mes >, su* H*h«d the bright, the eloaons
( xample ol Jefferson and Madison before him, and yet he re*
jeced ihcmboth "
Wh i Mi Ty!«r penned the words which I have ex lacted
from his mauguial, what particu'ir question had he tnvjew?
None oiher than the ' re toiation of a sound citculating me
dium " It was upon that question thathepromi ed to follow
the "ever glonous example" of our fatheis Whose exam
pie had he b<jfo>e him upon this ques 101? I have of'en con-
tended, sir, andsuil insi-t, that upon two occasions theie was,
to say the leistot it, an indirect rec gni'ion by Mr Jefferson
of the constitutionality of a Bank Í mean his appioval of
the act üf the 23d of March, I$04, giving powei to ¡he Bank to
estab ish offices of discount and depose—ay, sn, of discount
and deposite—"many pait ol the Terr lories oi dependencies
oí the United States 1J and his subsequent approval of the act
of 24th February, 1807, ''to pum&h friudj committed on the
Bank, which latter act he no doubt approved urxW the sane
tío i ol piecedert, a-, in hw diaftof the Kentucky resolutions
ol '98, he had condemned a srmdai one, appioved by Mr
Adams, as unconstitutional But vie!d¡n°", foi the sake of
argument, the agency of Mr Jefleiwn in this mane1, and ad
mu lug that the queotmn did not an=«e duiins his Adminiefn
«en, I repeat the infer  ogatory—Wnose example had Mr
Tylei b^foie him? Wa- it no' that of Mr Madism, who
had opposed the Ba^k ot 1711 ind approved that of 1^161
Ii he regards Mr Jefferson and Mi Madi«ott as the only father 
of the republican scheol—as some of those who justify his pre
sent position seem to think—he had alone of those fatheis the
example of Mi Madison, the father of the Constitution whose
luminous mind and stiong sagacity have done so much towards
settling the rules of us interp  etation. How has he followed if
It stood before him asa bright light illuminat'ins his pathway,
and he scorned and." rejected " it And, not content with this,
he boldly waia upon his fame, and declares that if he were to
follow that example, he would surrender "allc¡aim to the ie
apect of honerabte'men, all conñdence on the patt of the people
all sell respect, all íegardfoi mora! and religious obligations}S
and that he would "commit a came which he would not wil
ingh commit to gam auv earthiy reward, and which would
justly subject him to the iidiuitetmd scouiof all virtuous men "
Wheie was the guardian eemus of the President when he con*
chived ihe^e thoughts? Wo tid to Gid—for hiscouutiy's bake
—foi his own a.ake—some mentor had hcen thtie to guide the
Land that penped them What ' a cnatue c t opmion subject a
man to the1 nln ulu and -,cnr ui a ' vn uoi a mi,n'" The ie-
co, i ttunura rule of Governing iv ac ion a "ciime"' ¡ heart
tf fin-,es Madison, yielding only to tne Joice of piecedent, a
disregard ot "moi dan rehgiousoulgauois'" This language
is biiange, most stranse, foi an Anieuran I'iesidtnt Uathei
than b. maue the m&ttument ofits uttei met*, I would endure
the pangs of that cruel tortuu which wisnfhatd upon the
pnateof the Orkney Ul*s    I would
------—' encounter daikneds as a bnde,
And hug it m mi e arm* "
Kut had tlu. Pre-idei no othei Ri publican example before
him than th it o¡ Mr Madnon? Coi Id i u not look back
through the bnghuii a ul the past, and ie&tfoia moment en
fl"* pae swhic'i lecuul the virtues the opinions, the acts ota
Waolm gtonl Caulithe foiiret the puolic sei vices o! t'-.at nuist
illu nous man, who ' wies J the set ptio ul fieedom f ora
thegnpeof nmestv, inditmwi afio^thc Atlantic Ocean?'
Wa-^ not Washington a lUpublican? You, an, and I, and all
of u«, have been tiught, andyi contn ue to teach oui dill
dien, to look upon him ag th puiestofail Republicans Thii
wa&the lesson of our schoolooy days, when wi h satchel m
hand, we innocently played upon the gieen It was taught us
by uui fathers at the heaithsione of domestic peace, dnú ro
lesson of paient d wi> lorn mad  a deeper nipi^sion upon our
intdpt minis—which, "like tl e molten wax," could not hue
been stamped with a moic piecious seal And yet, at this ex
tias^sion, in the halls of in American Consiets, and by a
Virginian too, we hear it proclaimed that Washington ' Ins not
generally beeu consigned as belonging to thai. 'Uepuhliian'
paity to which the Pit-aidtut alludes"* I hope m> fiifnda
fiom Vnginia [Messis Wi-e anJ Gilmer] while they evi
denceso much zeal in defenceof the Pif sident, will not considei
that I h. mg a Viremiantoo, >m encioaching upontheir pieio
gative when lentei my mostsolemn ptotc3t agtrn^t this mis-
c t.iceptionol the principlehofWaslungtoa—the mm who was
* iiMfin wai, fnstiii peice,and first in the heaits ol Ins coun-
tj\ ien " Genrce Waship^tun nota Republican   He not al-
ltHled to by the I'tcident, when he ^peiks of the "fatheis of
the Hep iblican school i" Upo.i what times hive we fab en?
Wheie io thats^andaid ofpuitand noble patriotism which vv is
consecrated by the blood of the Revolution? hn, the gr ive
cries out against this deseeiation of tne d ail Wncn the time
shall come, whatever may be the phages of paity, when tUu
nation forgets the stern, simple, lepubhean vntues oí Wash*
mgton, and IhsiIIuSlHOui companion, it will indeed befit f u
Uveiv—tank ¿uü galling slavery But it cannot bt The
tiile ol time will waft onwaul to all ftftuu ¡get, the name ol
Wasmng'oi -tsthitul ttieimndei of a v ist Kepubhc-siiven
hign l, on the cldls ol la n„, t1 * light of punot mutation hi
every clime.
Weaieioniimiallytold—tit PresidentInmscIfiflK ■ t,--'hat
hecould not sum a Bank bill without bem * euil(y of m unpai.
donable mcon^isteniy. I do not pi oh s3 to tmder-'fand the
wot kings of that man's heait who would ptisiei in the infliction of
inpiry upon hi;* countiy for the sake of hit, own consistency of
character Myown opinion of public and pnvite virtue has
alwajtobeeij, that it conbibts—as much* as almost any thing
else, excepi thatdevotion which is highei than the world can
ask—in yielding tip an opinion, when pervaded of us erroi
Not to repeat the intimation cast upon Mi Madison, by the Pie-
sideotjfoi hmnconsietency, it may not be ininbtructive to in
quire whether Mi Tyh r has not himself bem orraomn^lly
guilty of a change of opinion Had he not always been, plu-
vious to the llarrHjursr Convíntfon, ujipt^ed io the taniT> Arid
yet, m letteis and speeches dcring the 1 i«t Presidential cam
paign, hetoi 1 us that he 1 id adopted the opinions of Geueial
Han ¡--on and Mr Clay on that subject—the former oi whom
supported the In^h taiiff of Inland the ti'l hiJi rone of 1928
and the latter ol whom isunnei^iily e*. en ed the "father of
'he Amencan =\b'em " Did he mn, when ¡senator m ls3¿,
vote against ti e bill for the disuiniuion of the proceeds of the
sales oi the public lands'? And vet, not two v\p£[lRago, he gave
In-- E\eeuuvc sanction to a bill foi that i lenncii puip i&e Ui 1
he not, m the fotjnate, when defining his posiuon m rtgnd *o
pirty, deelPieihar t > trus p triy ftbe Repub icanj do I belong,
not to that non lesenp', pauhwoikjmosd'C rarty, which meets
in convention, an 1 Cdlls ns^ll the Itepubh an paity?" And
yet be accepted the n un motion It hi and ideniifud himself
wiihihe fate ol, a piny whicn did mev.t in convention, md
con^ntut-- i hnii'-flf a paitof that convention What becomes
of hr> boa ^d r misimcj cy up in all thee metueis? fí he conid
eiipeiienre t change of views ipon suhpet-  of k j much mte
lest, mtghf he not do ^o upon the question of a Barnc? Is the
"crime" less in the one instance than throtheP Would he be
less subject to the • tiJicu's a d ¡-corn of all honoiable men '
for a change of sen'iment upon ¡biseques lonsihan up m (hit
of a Bank! fen, the Ijsoiy of (he world has shown thit a
stubboin (Ibenncrto pie u bee and eiroi has inñ cted dtfp
and iri°pirau!e tiijuiy upon nurr.an ¡rstituU ids and the man
who adirrs an honest corivic ¡on, though itbaiay him into
fippaient inconsistency, ib ne^ei the unsafe oepositary ol pub
lietiusts
What op-nions d d Mi Tylfj. entertm upon this «nbjert m
I834? lhey were cxnu  ed b/ hnn in i ci et ch made m tne
Henate upon the pte^ci f^'ion of i^criro of t¿aobnioo'S -i\\u¡ led
by the people of At e mi rk county, Virgm'a comVmnmg the
lemova oi th-^iulnic It tí s v it í d 'rom Virg ma fMi
B >tís] read a f   it on of th m t! i«. irmrrnt
f We *ver( told >e-i i la^," ^i0 Mi ly'er, "rhat the Pip^i
dent on] 1 r ot k mc 1 is steps wall nonoi AVntt iai^jage is
thistobe ne"! by a pub'ie tE^nli Hoini, (hie jesiii! to the ¡
solemn obhatatioi- md denes, oí orTi e, lerjmre cf cvei v ¡ ublir
man to repair the mist hief which Hmiwi unwise pobcy p ly
have inflicted on the rotm ry By what «on oí adv^ero must
the Pie&ident je -,msounded, when wc art tuld tha liewon'd
be dishonored by givins aud ence *o the ron-tuue/it body, nd
yiehl ns to their wishes7 Hisdutv ltquired ihis of him The
country nvist suffer liecaus1 the President nust not be mem
bisUnt Honor would noi peimit him to retract an ill advised
act, no mat ervvh^t may come out of u Mi ly'er would scout
such an idea of honor- nd consistency "
The sertimente cf iren are apt to untlergoa change, eyre
*Mr K.ives; in reoly to Mr Chv on the veto of the first
Bank bill.
spondmgwitha change of position. We ate apt, too, to pre-
scribe tules lor the conduct of other men, iiom which we our-
selves depart I feat it has been so v\ uh the President Gen
Jnckson íe moved the deposites, under, what he conceived to
be, the high obligat ons of constitutional duty He placed him
sell befoie the country upon the grounds which he assumed,
his fi lends insisting that to yield his assent to ihelr restoration,
would place him in an inconsistent attitude This reasoning
Mr Tyler resisted, he ''scouted such an idea of honor and con-
sistency " For the sake of himself, his country, and all tha
art at interests m vo1 ved in tins impoitsnt question, would to
Go ' hd h id retained this idea of "lionwr and consistency," when
he*, a down io prepaie hi  fust veto messa*!*) Why could he
not have given 'audience to the constituent body," and, by
' yielding to their wishes," have relieved his countrymen from
she e-vihtfa mined cuircncy and a prostíate commerce? Upon
how high a pinnacle would he then have stood? The adopted
chief of a gicatand glonotie party—called by the voice of hia
country and the act of God, to ihe highest seatof powe ou
efiith—the thousond-5 who, but th*> other day, were battling
in mighty conflict, would have hailed him as their deliverer
and fueud But he has thought and acted otherwise He has
spurned tne counsels of devoted iriends He has refused an
"audience to the constituent body," and he must summon his
philosophy to meet his fate I will not say that he is entitled
to or will receive the public scoin—that is the doom of him
who betray =t his connuy—but the man who sets up hie own
will against that of a mighty netion of freemen, must prepara
to feel the lashings of public tensuie andiebuke
I presume, Mi Speakei, there was not a man, ofeither party,
in lh« country, at the commencement of this session of Con-
gress, who enteitamed any other opinion inan that the Presi-
dent would approve i bill chartering a Bank, and this general
coticui fence of opinion could have arisen from nothing else
than a conviction that Ins mind had undergone a change upon
the question of constitutional powei lam very certain ihat
theie was no disparity of opinion m this House orm the Senate
upon th subject, thatneithu Whig norDemociat doubted as
to his course If oui Demociatic friends—and I am not unwil*
ling to r-rraid them as fnend*, alihoueh Í disagree with them,
thorough y and ladically—had entertained the belief which
they now bo lustily proclaim, that he would approve no bill,
why the necessity of íammgthe wai ciy of repeal? That cry
would have constituted a vain and profitless rallying point,
without h.s sanction to the bril, and we all know that those gen-
tlemen do not often 'reckon without their host " Yet, even be-
fore the fiist bill had pissed the Senate, the shout of repeal ran
thiough the land, as a fue through a bioad prairie
[Mr Wise tose and said, that he had always fell perfectly
a&-uied that the Pi evident would not sign a. Bank bill, that if
he had been waked up at any hour of the night, he would have
decían d his opposition to a Bank ]
Mi rfH0MP&0N continued Would to God, Mi Speaker, the
Pie=i lent hul thought fit so to mfoim us at the commencement
of the «rabión If my tuenl fiom Vnginia is a faithful expo-
nent of his opinions why m the name nf allthatis pure, eleva-
te 1 digmhed, and honor* lie in public and in private life, did he
not with good old Vnginia fairness, frinkness, and candor,
avow them to us at once? Why 'ill ¡his subterfuce and pre-
varication? Does he gam any thing by such concealment* Are
the people supposed to be so in sensible to the high obligations
of public otaiion that they will bn coment to passby, without
notice ot lepioaeh, the conduct of that Executive, who, folding
himselt in the tones of accidental power, looks up his opinions
in his, own impeiial bosom? To say the least that it deseives,
sir, is it not disingenuous—almost cummally so-that the Pre-
sident has so ions: concealed his leal sentiments? What labor,
raie, and inxiety would he have saved, if he had adopted the
couisi wrich open and man'y ftvnkness dictates' But what
views dul he en'^uam at the commencement of the session? In
Lis mcsiu/e he said
'In uitimak r mneetion with the pieslion of revenue is that
which makes piovibion toi a suitable Fiscal Agent, capable of
adding in* reased finimos hi the collection and disbursementof
the public revenues, lerileimgmort f-ecuie then custody, and
con^uhir g a tt ue economy in the great, multiplied, and delicate
opeiationpof the liedsuu 0(par(irent Upon such an agent
depends, m an eminent degiee, tha establishmentof a currency
of unifoim value, which is of so great importance to all the
essential inteie-tsol society, and onthe wisdom to be manifest-
ediu Us creation much depends "
D >es not tms language contain a distinct avowel of the opi-
nions thu Congress ou^h* to establish a "Fipcai Agent" for the
twofold purpost nf collec mg and aisbursing the revenue and
erf abUshinga cmreocy of unfoim value? Does it not surren-
der to us tKequfstiun of power over the cunency From what
else than a B ink dot ft a currency pioceed^ Has human inge
mmy devoid an> o-hei means of fmnishing it unless by a re-
sort to that winch is exel 'Sively metallic, oi by the issue of Go-
vernment checks or draft0? Is. 'he President favorable toeither
of tiif s"i I veiy much fear tha  he wid fall back upon the lat-
ter, repu hated as they are by the conntiy But, if the
P.esident did not -Nade to a Bank, I ask my friend from
Virginia what he did mean by the ianguage which I have
quoted?
[Mr Wise. He meant the estab is'irnent of a Tjscal AgenE
of the Government }
Mi Tho-mpsin continued A most pafsfactory answer in-
deed' i' isa-3 fully explana'my of tne opinions andwisheeof
the Preoidcn is> w s ^ivt n this morning by my colie igue fMr,
Proffit 3 When questioned by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr Maushai'1 j he samI the Pie^idcnt is in favor of a fiscal
institution thrft Ail! stfely c illect, keep and disburse the pub-
he u venue, and that is void of c >rst 'mional ohjecuons 'This
k'ndof lntingnle'hng"—vet in embryo andv  ry nearly akin
t) C lenl l(ck-,0''s "jUhwous fa riff,"—I presume would
in ft \ uh little opposition from tbeve let-t Locoloco in the land.
Bu* oo'h these explanations, if they mean any thins lookalone
íj the íeventte. The recommendation oi the Pi evident looked
to both the icvcmte i ai the cunency Ii<ts he abandoned the
la'ter > its fat el Left if to thp wi d of ch i re, which "bioweth
wlu re it hste'h'i" If nof, 1 imnlore gent.!emen who profess to
bt the exclusive guardians of rbe Presifleiu's consistency and
i-ipe -m the nameof an anx > i=- ^nd guíTerins* constituency, I
nplote Uiem—to come out frankly like men; show their
bin d- and put t' is vexed ques ion at rest Wheiefore the ne-
cessity of lo ¡rei tampering with so dehcate and interesting a
matter? While they are en oymg themselves with this conti-
nual shifting of positioiand opinion, the best interests of the
cuun'ry ai e fast withenng away beneath the blighting mflaencs
