pflr~<~      -i-iyywJF-
rPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           August, 1841.
¡■LOBE.                           August, 1841.
H. of Reps
¿7th Cong.......1st Sess.
particular, and confirm all bona fide contracts en
tered into wuh the bankrupt before notice ol filing
the petition When the petition is died in court,
when th<  suit to make the man a bankrupt is ¡>cm
ally commenced, and the people are notified of that
f Act, then you may safety say he --hall not pa't with
or sell hi<. property, and mose who pureha e w h
such knowledge «ha'! not bold Make this amend-
ment, and you will take a pi sition that the people
can easily understand, and they will respect your
law and fct in conformity to if. As it siands, you
gut a trap for them The unwary and hsnest may
be caught in the snaie to their rum.
The sixth seeuon confers po*eroa the courts to
prescribe a table of fees 10 be chirged by the offi-
cers of cow and other persons for services ren-
dered under ihis act. There should be some limit
upon this absolute power and discretion of the
court, and I propose to qualify it by dec armg that
the fees a lowed "shall not exceed those of similar
services, allowed by the laws of the State, Territo-
ry, or District in which the court is locited " The
deposition is too prevalent to consider every thing
connected with the General Government as a sub-
ject about which gieat liberality may be indulged
Our National are better paid than our S ate clfícefí
for the iame orumilar services I have never
been able to perceive any good reason for the dif-
ference, anddesir^, by the amendment, to prevent,
as far as practicable, the extens on of the principle
which renders employment under the Feaeral Go-
vernment more lucrative than under the Sta es,
when the services rendered a e the same
The assets <f the bankrupt are required to be
distributed without priority or preference, "except
only lor debts due the Uniltd States and or all
de&ls- due by him 10 persons wh > by ihe laws of
the Uni'ed States have a preference, in consequence
of having paid moneys as his sureties, which shall
be paid out tf the assets" Now, str, this excep-
tion, in my opinion, ought to be extended still ur-
ther. The debts of a bankrupt, which, by the
laws of ihe State or Terwoiy where he live*, aie
entit'ed to prioruy, hould not lo í their dignity by
an act of bankruptcy Your bill pdjsa proper
respect to the debt  to which the laws of the United
States give a preference Why not go on and say,
after these have be.n first paid, ¡ben the Hws to
which tut State lawi give a pieferenre shall be
next paid, and, after that, ihe lemsunihg assets-
shall be divided pio rata among the creditois The
bankrupt acts of a country sn< i d dispose oí the
assets in the Mine nwi'ic r that an admmistra'or is
required to dispose oi lb," assets ol his ¡r' ati
The bankrup s'ioii d, in respect to o'd d bts b r -
gatded as dead Al tí r vi eiihr1 lob ins a
new life, Pi it ¡elites lo c ric's Ly hi. pn-
ferences whieh ~r riven to c ripm d bts tudei
Stale (aus individuals are inducid to btc m tue-
ties, and in all sue i c?ses this bt 1, by felling to
continue the pieletioce, d ("■itiiiittt deprive the
surely < fa legal and ntr¡>l r  h', (ally ic< ed, and
may thereby Iros upoi htm i loss whit h other-
wise might i tt oc i'i You thu iialii* the in
lertst ((at1 «is oí c ed it is (hit the uuforturaie
debtor s'ould < le Ufo t be*um tg a bankmri, in
a^much ss the-y win Id i c iv from ih admmis-
uatot or ex lutor s «rea tr ban of t! e as els
than th y ea ob a n Iro u ihe is ign p To i lu^-
irale by a ca e it a o-t'ikrupt in my Si h d
con ncitd t debt i the C nnonwitth Bark,
and di-d before h- «do If! rt ( a b-> ikr ip', an 1
befoif an> procei 1 i , were mm tu d un  r m s
act, h s aim mst a or woul 1 be bound to pay th
debt b fore all others ano Ihus, if th a set «ere
sufficient, ihe sureties nculdbe ent r lv relieied
But, by the pr ib oris of ibis ac, ttrli debt stands
upon no b tter fo in g than any other and, under
the division of me assets, pro rata, amorg ill l^e
debts, a less would Oil upon ibp suret t This is
a sirgle case out oí mary tnat mi ht be pu' I
warn my pi ¡tica! t'enjt, that they are in ü^-
ger of lo me publ c coifidence in h" p r!y
movements, wnen ticy, v nout ihe least nee** s '/,
act so imi roviden iy as tours ill' aid derangp
the rules and aws of a S ite vnrb fi^an! rp
guíate tnensit  of c ti7 rs "VVh=n 5011 (ii4
he pockets of the neople, or tnv port m of them,
in a manner thny do rot exprc , a-1 J whan it is
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Underwood.
done m yietetion of the r rignts as fixed b/ tne
laws of iheirSttf.y u exc v a spirit 1 íoligna
ral n ant hostil tv vhch cannot be easi y al
hyed, and y u rl*ce a lrver in the ban Js 1 f po
tical dernpgogufs and oppcenb with whirh to
over urn your power
Bit, <.¡r iher- is nilh me .= we ghty cbjeci on to
th° p 11 c pi* of the bill far tianscendmg any I have
mentioned. By the bill, ?s it now stands, pub'ic
detaulters, executors, administrators, guardian ,
and rustas are very properly prohibited from be-
coming voluntary bankrupts with a view to get
cle?r of the deb's contrac ed in lhes° several capa-
c ties. But when the creditors of ote who owes
largely as a fiduciary compel h m to become a
bankrupt, then, if I und rstard the bill correctly,
the certifica e and discharge releases him from the
deb's which he owes and which were contacted
in a fiduciiry capacity, ps veil as all other debts
By proh b ting the liustce from filing his petition
to become a bankrupt, b>sed upon debto which he
contacted asa fduciary, you hold out the ide*
very properly that tho e who are guil'y of fraud
and breache*. of lruct are not worthy of the merci-
ful provisions of the bill, bu* when cioditort, fore 
a trustee to become a bankrupt, you discharge bim
from his trust obligations, and thus contradict and
violate the pnnpiple which you seem to ivow.
Such glanrg inconsistency I cannot to'erale Bu'
that is not all whei you force th« trustee to be-
come a bankrupt, if he has applied the trust funds to
hb own use m the purchase of property, you take
that property and distribute it pro rata amoig all
the creditors, without giving any preference to the
ceiitii que trust, or the per on whose funds havr
tiien thus improprrly converted by the trustee or
fiduciaiy. I wi I put a case to illustrate the ope-
ration of jour bill in this respect. An executor or
guardian u^es five, ten, or twenty thousand dollars
of the money which has come to his hands as a fidu-
ciary, in setting himself up as a aurchart He
f?ils Fib creditors compel him to become a bank-
rupt, and divi !e out pro rata the remnants of hf.
goods with the legatees or ward The consequence
is, that the df ficicncv in the trust fund must be
made up to the legatee or ward by tbe sureties m
the executoi '1 or guard an's bond. Surely such
an evil ought to be prevented by gtv ng a prefe-
rence to the trust debt, and thus relieve, ¡>s far as
possible, •sureties who have involved themselves,
not nn<1erany hope or prospfct of sain, but from
feci n^ 0f benevolence and co'lfdence ton ards
tb ir inend Sucha course' wou'd !nd Us «anc ion
11 the bestitjclirgs of our nature, wi hont violatirg
any prn< pk  oi ju l c, and it is -\ 01 ' ng thai
thesf who pr p^rtd tais b  1 eid er 1      no  think of
I   01 «1 ma not adopt 1 It is a wti kno-vn pr n
cip e of equny th it he win o<-t< my it oney m pur-
ehtsirg property m his name holds as- my ttusee
The chancellor will, at lf>s' givi m= a lien upon
the on perty to secure ? 1 ind mntty You shout 1
hai'e o 1  an end to all doubts by e\ i-ess'y ptovid-
II g n tl is 1 II ih-Jt wh ¡p a ir is'pp r fidue ar/ is
mile a lai'irnnt bj romp Ki n, ¡is «s s sh^ 1
le first ¡ ppli«d to t^c -"i thiri'e Ot  Me tu^t d bts
Sut I'-r- e is jet un old n icb      and d sr^sa'd
of principle   n ihe dscharpe—he jp! eral, seeep
mar d sc^aroe—wh th  you   g /e   te   b"nkiup,
whpii er } e b   "ici vo >m • i y cr bv c «pulsion
Ye,u gunt h n  k a'excrm- t on f en e 1 gatiers
1 hicn rre- both land ?nd  li vi.    Ihai°a'r(a!y
sho  tijOi ho^ the p a-icil op'-'Miof of fhsfcill
w I1 thri 1*   loss s upon sureties       /henjoutnve
thus ¡nflic'ed mjnry, you m ait nave stoppe,', but
no, you go <n and release tre pr n* pql from his
i?ai obligation   to   pav th   s«i"> y  who suffers
You never can release the mcJnZcb'tgaiiPT which
exists and bind   the con cienct of ih  prmc pal to
indemnify his surTcru g su-t /     A I debts have ihe
«am  legal obliira ion    Toe r moral obhgatisn is
quite another t^irg    There may b  a legal rbliga
ii « which binds a man t > pay, 11' f only witnout,
but c rtr<uy to   mo ah v    n1   f n cipner,   an''
bene c uns  of equity  hav    De  1  eWisei to re
e/e 8?  nst th« b^rd h p anl op r sMon of m re
l'íril *H g?t 01s    Njw.sir, 1 ho'   that abmkrjpt
s}.ttm  ojgH'  to le one of equity, aid nothing
more nor les,s toan a «ysiem o  pura r>era's     If
the ra iral obligation of a con'ract can never be
discharged, I will never discharge tbe legal obli-
cat on by my vole. Balievnu, as I do, that the
m iral obligation to ladTimfy the surety who
chafes nopiemmmlor tis risk will induce the
hon s' man ¡o pay whenever he has the me.ins,
and that he wiU do it even afer he mav be dis-
cWged as a binkrupt I eaa perceive no propriety
it ei «charging tne principal from liability to Ins
sure y in the man er it is done by this b II. An
honest man will not avail h ms lf of ths discharge,
and I am not willing to put it in the power of a
knave to do it There is no ons reason in favor
of dissolving thp obligation between pnncipal and
surety, unless it be the apprehension that the sure-
ty will oppress ihe principal and prevent bis accu-
mulating the means to pay the debt 1 do not be-
lieve that any sucn oppression will exist where the
principal has acted honestly and faulj—where a
full d sc'osure of hu situatirn was made known to
h s friend at the time he consented to be bound,
and where the failure of the principal has been the
result of m sfortune instead of fraud It is not the
interest of the surety lo oppress his unfortunate
principal, who faithful y exerts himself, as he
should do, ti discharge the aebi The benevo-
lence manifested in becoming the surety will not be
turned into bit'erness so long as the principal does
all he can to pay It is the bad conduct of debtors
wbicb. kiodles vmdictivene«s towards them. Mis-
fortune exules commiseration and increases our
sympithy and kindness With tiese opinions I
cannot vote for any bill wmch proposes to dis-
charge the principal from liability to his surety.
What class of cases, it may be asked, am I wil-
ling to relieve? What contracts are there, which
contan no abiding mortl obligation, operating
npi n the conscience of the party through all time?
And how i¡> it that one contract may have in it
more moral obligation than another? Is there any
distinction between contracts, upon which one c'ass
may be brought wnhm the operation of a bank-
rupt lav, and another class excluded?
To my mind th°re is a cbar distinction, as for
as morality and c urcience are concerned, between
diffe ent classes of contracts This very bill takes
tbe distinction between debts contracted as a fidu-
ciary or trustee, and those contracted in a different
capacii). If I sell a horse to a young man just
starting in life, and who is known to be penni-
less, I may haye a double motive, benevolence
towards one wno is poor and hoaest, and likewise
the hope of gain, believing that he will b  able to
pay me If by ace dent the hor e is k lied the day
alter the con raet, and he young man, in conse-
qieoee of tl. > lo , is, urab t 11 pjy me, I have
lost li* val J" if say hors , 0 it Í hive no caose of
co-nplpint against my debtor ¡f I hid lent him
toe horse, a d he had rode him to death, in viola-
tion of his promue to treat him kindiy and use him
moderately I should have cause of «reat compUint.
In bo h these cws my ios is precisely the same
I ha/e be n deo ited ol the va'ue of the hor^e, and
1 ie ir ImJjal  ho inflici-d ihe injury is, from in-
s Iv i¡py, unab'e 'o i^ehmmfy me. There are
.in a can - •/>' nexst 0 render the conduc
pi the borro <e-<dioi s Prst, my dr*n erestedress
and k ndre^b ¡n 'ending for his accommodat on
ml), s*c r J, his cruel y n abusin? <h" borsr, and
h rd, lit. brcaph of coifidem-e aid tiust By my
disintere tpJres n tne tr?i "ac 1 a and my beaevo-
nc, ha coniractee1, w my opm on, a h'"her mo-
ral obligan n to sa.e ce from less, thin if I had
been aem itel by a ¿lew of pecuniary gam alone.
I wil not enlarge upon *his mstinction it is re-
cognised by tbecommm sentiment of mankind.
Tne man wio does an act of good will or benevo-
li-nce, in len ling thp use ot his property without
reward, imposes a higher moral obligation upon
tbe beneficiary than if gain be his mo ive and ob-
ject So of tbe surety, who,imp lled by friendship
alone, becomes «ponsor for me d bt His dismte-
rss'edne s mcreas s ¡be mirsl obligation to such a
degree ihat I cannot ca' eel h legal obligation of
ihe r ntratt wi ho 1  ihe con   tit <' the "U'e y
Tie cor tracts which <ue fn sufj«c s lor the ope-
ra on of a benkrupt system ire tnose wnere gam
is ac only < bj ct, where the seller parts wilh pro-
p riy an 1 th- purchaser koris to the property ac-
qu'-ed, as the mean*, in whole 01 part, to enable
