
of the enemy, which was done with a shout and at a double-quick, meeting with no resistance save from the stragglers, who fired a few random shots, the enemy having retired before we reached his works.

My loss was proportionally heavy, having had 14 killed and about 75 wounded, most of them severely.

Respectfully,

H. R. FEILD,

Colonel, Comdg. 1st and 27th Tennessee Regiments.

Captain A. J. PORTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 252.

Report of Captain Joseph Bostick, Fourth Tennessee Infantry (Provisional Army).
HDQRS. FOURTH [CONFEDERATE] TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, October 7, 1863.

SIR: This command entered the fight on Saturday, September 19, at 2 p. m., with 163 effective men, under command of Colonel James A. McMurry, and remained actively and hotly engaged with the enemy for two hours, the men vieing with each other in deeds of chivalry and daring, under a most galling and death-dealing fire, without ever breaking their line or any man wavering. Particularly was the conduct of the men conspicuous for gallantry when it is remembered that Colonel McMurry fell mortally wounded early in the action while cheering his men on, and in rapid succession fell Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis and Major Bradshaw, both severely wounded, when the command of the regiment devolved on me, being next in rank. When all did their duty so heroically and fought so well distinctions would be invidious; but I will be pardoned for paying a just tribute to the memory of Second Lieutenant Thomas B. Fitzwilliams, Company F, who fell as he wished to fall with his face to the heavens and his feet to the foe. Thus died the modest gentleman, gallant officer, and the true soldier.

The severity of the engagement can be judged of when the loss, as compared with the small number engaged, is referred to, which is as follows: Killed, 9; wounded, 34, and missing, 12.

The loss being so extensive, and being pressed by vastly superior numbers, at the expiration of two hours, as above indicated, I gave the command to fall back, being unsupported at the time on the left, and the enemy attempting a flank movement in that direction, they being within 30 paces of my line. The men fell back without any unnecessary confusion and reformed at the point indicated by the brigade commander. We then retired to draw ammunition, the supply on hand being nearly exhausted, and again resumed position in line of battle, but engaged in no more fighting that day. Thus ended Saturday, the 19th.

The next day (Sunday, the 20th), found us in line of battle as on the previous evening, where we remained until ordered to move to the right, which movement was executed with an occasional stopping until we arrived at the point from which the movement on the enemy's works was commenced, which was at about 5 p. m. This movement was executed at a double-quick, after passing over a small space at quick time. Here again each man strove to outdo his comrade in deeds of valor, but all observing order and precision in their movements as much as the nature of the ground would admit. When.

