
the command had reached a point within 150 paces of the enemy's works a temporary halt ensued with some little confusion, in consequence of unauthorized orders reaching the men, but the confusion was only a moment's duration, for the men soon rallied to their colors; this, too, in the face of the enemy and under a destructive and telling fire. A spirited engagement then ensued for a short time, when the enemy gave way and fled in confusion. It was now becoming quite dark, which prevented a pursuit, and we bivouacked for the night within the enemy's works.

The casualties of the day were 1 killed and 9 wounded.

On Monday, the 21st, there was no fighting by my command, the entire day being consumed in marching from our place of bivouac, with occasional stoppings, to a point near Missionary Ridge, where we encamped for the night. Our dead were buried also on this day.

Tuesday morning, the 22nd, we moved forward until we reached a point some half mile from Missionary Ridge, on the Chickamauga road, when it was ascertained that the enemy occupied the ridge in front of us. After being formed in line of battle and the command forward given, at about 12 m. with orders to guide by the regiment on my left, we commenced moving up the ridge. After moving a short distance the command on my left came to a halt, and I did the same, according to my orders to guide left, when I sent a messenger to the commander on my left, asking him if he had received orders to halt. He sent me work that he had not, and I then gave orders to move forward, which was executed by the men with cheer and good will, each struggling up the heights under a murderous fire from the enemy, contending for the front rank. It was at this juncture that Segt. Samuel Nicholson, color-bearer, while gallantly bearing the colors in front and cheering the men on to the charge, fell, severely but not fatally wounded. It is due to Sergeant Nicholson to state here that he was on this occasion, where he had been found during all the previous fighting, in the front rank cheering the men on to victory. The fall of the colors caused no confusion or delay, being snatched from the ground by Private Henry Rosenberger, of Company C, and gallantly borne to the top of the heights, the enemy giving way and fleeing precipitately down the ridge.

I am again called upon to record the loss among the gallant few that were left. The casualties on this occasion were 2 killed and 8 wounded. Thus ended the fighting.

Respectfully submitted.

J. BOSTICK,

Captain, Comdg. Fourth (Confederate)Tenn., Regt.

Captain A. J. PORTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 253.

Report of Colonel George C. Porter, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Sixth and Ninth Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP OF SIXTH AND NINTH TENN. REGTS.

October 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagements of the 19th and 20th ultimo:

My position in the brigade was on the extreme left. Early on the

