
Brigadier-General Smith's lines and reform my command, which was done. I was then ordered back by Colonel [Lieutenant] John F. House to the ammunition depot to replenish our empty cartridgeboxes. This being done, and having taken my position in the brigade, which was there reformed, we were moved forward in the direction of the battle-ground and took position on the extreme left of the division. This was between 4 and 5 p.m.

Shortly after dark the line was advanced several hundred yards, where we bivouacked for the night.

In this day's engagement many a good and brave man gave up his life. Twenty-five were left dead on the field; 155 were wounded, 17 of which number have since died.

Sunday, September 20, about 2 p.m. we moved by the right flank toward the extreme right of the line of battle. This movement was made leisurely, being governed by the fire in our front. Having gone about a mile and a half, a halt of some duration was made. Here we received quite a heavy shelling from the enemy's batteries. From this point, about 5 o'clock, we were formed in line of battle and ordered to move forward. After advancing some 400 or 500 yards, a halt of a few minutes was made in an open and somewhat depressed common. Here Brigadier-General Maney gave the command to charge the enemy at a double-quick, which was eagerly and gallantly obeyed. The country was heavily timbered and thickly covered with undergrowth. Having proceeded in this direction for several hundred yards, my regiment passed over the battery of Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade, which seemed to be in a distressed and dangerous situation. But a short distance in front of this we became hotly engaged with the enemy, pressing and driving him all the while, passing so far forward as to receive an enfilading fire on my left from the enemy, concealed but a short distance from us behind breastworks constructed of stones, rails, fallen timber, and other materials; but he did not long withstand our flank movement and was soon in full retreat, being utterly routed, Major-General Breckinridge's division shortly afterward passing immediately over the works to my left. At this time we were enveloped in total darkness.

Some 12 or 15 prisoners were taken by my regiment. Corporal, Scruggs was killed. Lieutenant William Young, Color Bearers M. C. Hooks and J. B. Askew, together with 8 or 10 men, were wounded.

The engagement here ceased and we bivouacked for the night inside of the enemy's breastworks. We spared no pains in taking care of his wounded there found.

I carried into the fight Saturday morning about 335 men. The list* of killed and wounded, with which you have been furnished is the best commentary that can be made with regard to their daring gallantry and heroic devotion in the cause of their country. It seems impossible to discriminate and particularize as to who acted with most gallantry during the two days' engagement, where all, with but few exceptions, did their duty so nobly and so well.

In the engagement on Saturday Major J. A. Wilder; Captain P. N. Conner, Company D, Captain E. C. Harbert, Company E, Captain J. L. Hall, Company H; Second Lieutenant J. B. Boyd, Company B; Second Lieutenant T. F. Ragland, Company D (since dead); Second Lieutenant William M. Ingram, Company E; Second Lieutenant J. M. Withers, Company G, were severely wounded while nobly doing their duty.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

