
First Lieutenant J. B. Stanley, Company A; Brevet Second Lieutenant N. McMullen, Company C; Second Lieutenant R. J. Dew, Company H, and Brevet Second Lieutenant H. W. Head, Company [H], were also slightly wounded while acquitting themselves nobly.

The rest of my officers acted with exemplary courage and determination, but I feel it my duty to make special mention of Captain J. B. Locke, Company C; Captain Shep. Hay, Company K; First Lieutenant W. A. Busby, Company G; Captain R. C. Williamson, Company A; also Captain J. W. Hubbard, Company B; for the extraordinary energy, determination, and courage at all times and under all circumstances displayed and exercised by them.

Orderly Sergt. Jerry Ferrel, Company B; Sergt. John Sweet, Company C; and Privates J. H. Cummings and William Holmes deserve special mention for their gallantry.

Adjt. Thomas A. Henderson also deserves special notice for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the whole engagement. Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Buford was ever present lending his efficient aid and assistance.

Knowing this report to be somewhat incomplete, but believing the statements herein made to be in the main correct,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. PORTER,

Colonel, Comdg. Sixth and Ninth Tennessee Regiments.

Captain A. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 254.

Report of Major Frank Maney, Twenty-fourth Tennessee Battalion Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH TENN. BATT. SHARPSHOOTERS,In the Field, near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the actions of September 19,20, and 22 my command:

It, numbering 39 men under arms, had position on the left of the Fourth (Confederate) Tennessee Regiment, the center regiment of the brigade.

During these engagements the conduct of both officers and men was unexceptionable, and though these were the first in which a majority of them participated, yet their bearing was not less soldierly than that of their more veteran comrades.

The loss sustained was 19 wounded and 3 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK MANEY,

Major, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Tennessee Battalion.

Captain A. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General

