
Numbers 255.

Report of Lieutenant William B. Turner, Smith's (Mississippi) battery.
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S BATTERY.

October 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of Smith's battery during the engagement at the battle of Chickamauga:

On September 17, I was ordered to have my battery in readiness to move with the brigade, which was done, and in the evening my battery moved forward in the direction of Chickamauga.

On the 18th, the march was resumed in the same direction, no engagement having occurred during either day.

On the 19th, the march was continued. Chickamauga was crossed,and my battery was halted for a time in reach of the enemy's guns. In the evening of this day I followed on in rear of the brigade, when I received orders from General G. Maney to leave one piece of my battery and fall back about 300 yards with the remaining three pieces. I left one piece in charge of Lieutenant C. S. Smith, which commenced firing, and continued to do so until Lieutenant Smith was wounded, and it was forced to fall back on account of the advancing line of the enemy. It thus rejoined the battery, which was lying in position on the ridge. I then placed Lieutenant C. Le B. Ingraham in charge of the section hitherto commanded by Lieutenant Smith. About this time I perceived the enemy advancing steadily in line of battle, when I ordered firing to commence, which was done, and resulted in repulsing the enemy three different times.

Early in the engagement Lieutenant C. Le B. Ingraham was killed. My battery fired during the engagement (which lasted about an hour)220 rounds, composed of solid shot, shell, spherical case, and canister. The repulse of the enemy was effected by my battery alone as there was only an occasional shot fired by a few sharpshooters who had remained to support it.

I remained at this position all night, and on the morning of the 20th I was ordered to report to the brigade, which was then about a mile to my left. I did so, and remained with the brigade all day, being exposed to the enemy's fire all the time. Late in the evening I was ordered to put my battery in position, which was done. During this day I did not fire a gun.

On the 21st, my battery resumed the march with the brigade in the direction of Chattanooga.

On the 22nd, the march was continued, and late in the evening one section of my battery was ordered forward and took position, under charge of Lieutenant W. W. Henry, on the side of ridge (Missionary Ridge). Late in the evening the remaining section was ordered forward, and the section on the ridge joined in, when the entire battery moved forward over the ridge.

On the night of the 22nd, I parked my battery to the right of the brigade in line of battle, and have remained in line ever since, with the exception of change of camp twice.

During the march and while engaged, I take great pleasure in saying that the officers and men performed all the duties assigned them without reluctance, and although exposed to very heavy firing, they remained at their posts and fought with courage becoming soldiers.

