
The casualties during the entire engagement were 2 killed and 4 wounded.

The above brief report is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully,

WM. B. TURNER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Captain A. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 256.

Report of Colonel Alfred J. Vaughan, jr., Thirteenth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Preston Smith's brigade.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

In Field, in Front of Chattanooga, Tenn. October 4, 1863.

MAJOR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the action of General Preston Smith's brigade (composed of the One hundred and fifty-fourth and Thirteenth Tennessee Regiments, under command of Colonel A. J. Vaughan, jr.; Twelfth and Forty-seventh Tennessee Regiments, under command of Colonel W. M. Watkins; Eleventh Tennessee Regiment, under command of Colonel G. W. Gordon; Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiment, under command of Colonel Horace Rice; Scott's battery, under command of First Lieutenant John H. Marsh and battalion sharpshooters, composed of two companies from Twelfth fifty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, one from the Eleventh and one from the Twenty-ninth Tennessee Regiments, under command of Major J. W. Dawson, One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Cheatham's division, Polk's corps, Army of Tennessee, in the battle of Chickamauga and the occupation of Missionary Ridge, on September 19,20, 21 and 22

On the evening of September 17, orders were received to move General Preston Smith's brigade out on the Ringgold road to the intersection of Lee and Gordon's Mills road; thence to Rock Spring Church, where we bivouacked for the night in line of battle.

Early on the morning of September 18, we were ordered to move forward in the direction of the ford below Lee and Gordon's Mills, on West Chickamauga. Our advance during the day was very slow, having to wait for Buckner's corps to pass to the front and effect a crossing of the creek, which they succeeded in doing about dark after heavy skirmishing. We bivouacked at night in line of battle half mile south of West Chickamauga.

Early on the morning of September 19, the brigade moved forward and crossed the creek and formed in line of battle on the left of Jackson's brigade. As soon as the division effected a crossing, we moved forward near a mile; formed line in similar order in rear of Buckner's corps; remained in this position a short time, when we received orders to move by the right flank in double-quick to the support of General Walker, who for some time had been actively engaging the enemy. On arriving at the scene of action we found General Walker stoutly resisted, and his command much exhausted from

