
long and continued action. We were ordered to form line immediately. Formed, as before, on left of General Jackson's brigade. As soon as formed we were ordered to advance and engage the enemy. We advanced but a short distance before we met the enemy advancing. We engaged him at once, and furiously drove him before us 600 or 800 yards, forcing him to take shelter behind the breastworks from which he had advanced in the morning. We moved steadily forward until within musket-range of their works, and notwithstanding we were subjected to a severe and concentrated fire, both of musketry and artillery, the brigade kept up a steady and determined fire until the supply of ammunition was nearly exhausted. General Smith being apprised of this, immediately informed General Cheatham of the fact, at the same time assuring him he was able to hold the position until he could forward a brigade to his relief. Whereupon General Strahl was ordered forward, and as soon as he occupied General Smith's position, General Smith withdrew his brigade and moved some 400 yards to the rear and reformed his line.

During this engagement, beginning at about 12 m. and closing about 2 p.m. the officers and men of the different regiments of the brigade acted with conspicuous gallantry, discharging every duty and responding to every order with commendable promptness.

Since all acted so well I cannot particularize. Scott's battery, under command of First Lieutenant John H. Marsh, advanced with the brigade and took position as ordered, under a heavy and destructive fire of the enemy, so much so that a number of men and horses were disabled before the battery was placed for action. Immediately a rapid and well-directed fire was opened upon the enemy with telling effect upon his ranks. This fire was vigorously maintained until the brigade was relieved and ordered to the rear.

It was in this engagement that First Lieutenant John H. Marsh was severely, if not dangerously, wounded while gallantly encouraging his men and inspiring them by his own distinguished coolness and heroism. The command then devolved upon Second Lieutenant A. T. WATSON, who throughout the engagement acted with commendable bravery.

In bringing on the engagement and in driving the enemy, the battalion of sharpshooters did efficient service. Both officers and men acted well their parts.

After supplying the command with ammunition and taking position as ordered, it was found that Scott's battery was so disabled by the loss of men and horses as to be unfit for action during the evening. Turner's battery, of Maney's brigade, was ordered to report to General Smith. It was placed on the right of the brigade, and did effective service in checking the second advance of the enemy. Throughout the evening Lieutenant Turner poured a murderous fire into the enemy's ranks. His coolness and disregard of danger elicited the highest praise from the officers and men of the entire brigade. It was while supporting this battery that Major Dawson, One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, in command of the battalion of sharpshooters, was severely wounded in the groin.

The enemy, finding it impossible to drive us from our position, sullenly retired out of range, and comparative quiet prevailed along our lines until 6 p.m., when General Smith, being informed a night attack was determined upon, was ordered that so soon as General Deshler's brigade, of Major-General Cleburne's division, should

