
On the morning of September 22, we moved on the Shallow Ford road in the direction of Chattanooga. When we arrived at the foot of Missionary Ridge, we formed line of battle on the left of General Maney's brigade and advanced to the top of the ridge, meeting with but little resistance, though the enemy were strongly posted.

Accompanying this will be found the reports of the several regimental commanders; Major William Green, commanding battalion sharpshooters, and Lieutenant A. T. Watson, commanding Scott's battery, of the action taken by their respective commands, to which I invite your attention.

A list of the casualties of the brigade has already been forwarded to headquarters.

I cannot close this report without alluding to the very efficient service rendered me by Captain J. W. Harris, inspector-general, General Smith's staff, in carrying and executing all orders in the most prompt manner possible. Also Captain Emmett Cockrill, volunteer aide to General Smith, deserves especial notice for the manner in which he discharged every duty assigned him.

Thanks are due Major King, brigade commissary, for keeping the troops so well provided with rations during the campaign from La Fayette, Ga., to this place. Also to Major Beecher, brigade quartermaster, for the efficient manner in which our wounded were carried from the field. Thanks are also due Captain Henry K. Beatty, brigade ordnance officer, for the prompt and efficient manner in which the command was kept constantly supplied with ammunition. Also special credit is due Lieutenant J. W. Cochran, brigade provost-marshal, for the promptness and efficiency displayed in discharging the duties of his office.

Especial attention is called to Colonel Rice's report in reference to the gallant conduct of Ed. H. Clayton, courier to General Smith.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. VAUGHAN, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES D. PORTER, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Numbers 257

Report of Captain Henry K. Beatty, Ordnance Officer.

SMITH'S BRIGADE, ORDNANCE TRAIN.

Missionary Ridge, October 16, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to circular orders from army headquarters, I have to make the following report in relation to my movements, &amp;c., in the recent battle of Chickamauga:

On the morning of September 19, my ordnance train, which had been parked some distance in the rear of my brigade, was ordered up near to Alexander's Bridge, on Chickamauga River. After remaining there about an hour and a half, I, in company with the other brigade trains of Major-General Cheatham's division (in charge of Major John A. Cheatham, chief of ordnance), was ordered to proceed to Byram's Ford, about 2 or 3 miles to the right, the division having moved in that direction. At the ford we were halted, and

