
During the engagement the command sustained a loss of 8 killed and 44 wounded.

Subsequent to this engagement nothing of especial importance was performed by the command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. GORDON,

Colonel, Comdg. Eleventh Tennessee Regiment.

Captain HARRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 259

Report of Colonel William M. Watkins, Forty-seventh Tennessee

Infantry, commanding Twelfth and Forty-seventh Tennessee

Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH AND FORTY-SEVENTH REGIMENTS,In the Field, in front of Chattanooga, September 30, 1863

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following short report of the action of the regiments under my command (the Twelfth and Forty-seventh Tennessee) in the battle of Chickamauga on the 19th instant:

Under orders from Brigadier General Preston Smith, I formed my regiments on the left of One hundred and fifty-fourth and Thirteenth tennessee, having the Eleventh Tennessee on my immediate left. In this order at 12 noon we began the advance, and moved forward to a position about 400 yards from the enemy, who seemed to [be] intrenched, having an open field between us, except a few yards of timber next to the enemy's line. Here the One hundred and

fifty-fourth and Thirteenth Tennessee, by a wheel on its right pivot, separated from my command, while my command and Eleventh tennessee moved straight forward, the Eleventh Tennessee halting in a drain, by which it was to some extent protected from the enemy's fire.

My regiments were moving forward to the enemy when I was ordered by Captain Donelson to fall back to the fence, which I endeavored to do, but before my regiments were quite back to the fence, I was ordered by Captain Harris (assistant inspector-general) to move forward, and I was moving forward to the position on prolongation of the line of the Eleventh Regiment when I was ordered by General Smith to fall back to the fence, which I did, and here held my regiments, protected in a measure by the low fence, until General Strahl's brigade passed before us and we were ordered to retire. All these movements were executed under a very heavy fire both of musketry and artillery, killing 1 captain and 3 lieutenants, besides wounding other officers in my command. After retiring near a half mile from the field, other efforts to dislodge the enemy proving ineffectual, the enemy advanced upon our lines, and my regiments were held in position to check the advance of the enemy.

In this position we lay all evening, during which Captain James N. Watkins was killed and several men wounded. Just before dark General Deshler's brigade was ordered before ours and to move upon paces. Moving thence through thick undergrowth we soon [came] upon General Deshler's brigade, and halted a few minutes for him

