
to get his distance from us, when, moving on again in the dark, my command being charged with the direction, I came upon a body of men, and supposing them to be a part of Deshler's brigade I halted, and General Smith rode to the front of my command to inquire the cause of Deshler's halting again, when he called Colonel Vaughan to him, and soon discovered himself in the midst of a Federal brigade, who fired upon him, instantly killing him and 2 of his staff. Discovering this to be a force of the enemy, we, in connection with the One hundred and fifty-fourth and Thirteenth Tennessee, captured a large number of prisoners (say some 300 or 400), and recaptured a number of Deshler's men, who had just been captured by the enemy. A number of prisoners, together with a stand of colors captured from the enemy in front of my command, were sent by Colonel Vaughan, then commanding brigade, under charge of Captain Carthel, of my command, to the rear. At this place we halted and rested for the night.

It gives me pleasure to bear testimony to the coolness and resolution of the brave troops under my command, who, notwithstanding the very heavy fire they moved under for two hours, and in spite of the derangement of conflicting orders, still kept in position and held themselves constantly in order both in the dark and light.

There was in my command 11 killed, 2 of whom were captains and 3 lieutenants; remainder privates. The wounded and missing is 76.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.

W. M. WATKINS,

Colonel, Comdg. 12th and 47th Tennessee Regiments.

Colonel A. J. VAUGHAN, JR., Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 260.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. W. Pitman, Thirteenth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Thirteenth and One hundred and fifty -fourth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. 154TH AND 13TH TENNESSEE REGIMENTS,October 3, 1863.

SIR: On the evening of September 18, we marched slowly to the front to meet the enemy. Meeting with some resistance, our advance reached the immediate vicinity of the enemy on the south side of West Chickamauga about an hour before sunset, where we halted, waiting for Buckner's corps to force a crossing, which was not done before dark. We were then ordered to bivouac for the night.

Early the next morning we took up the line of march and crossed the above-named stream about 8 o'clock and formed in line of battle. Soon after we advanced, changing front forward on the left, and remained for about one hour, and then moved off by the right flank till we reached the enemy's front. We were ordered forward and engaged the enemy, beginning about 12 o'clock on the 19th. The regiments, under command of Colonel A. J. Vaughan, marched gallantly forward, driving the enemy before them to their temporary breastworks, where they made a stubborn resistance. Our brave men and officers were moving rapidly forward upon them, when Brigadier General Preston Smith ordered me to withdraw the men, which was done immediately. Our brigade was then relieved by Brigadier-General Strahl's brigade, after having engaged the enemy for about two hours, exhausting nearly all of our ammunition. We retired

