
beyond the range of the small-arms of the enemy, and I was sent in person to order up the ordnance train, which was ordered to remain at a ford about 3 miles from our position. I succeeded in supplying the command with a supply of ammunition about 4 o'clock, and remained incline of battle till dark, when we received orders for a night attack, which would support a similar attack on our extreme right. At the command we moved forward, we acting as a reserve to Deshler's brigade, which had been placed in our front. This latter brigade soon encountered the enemy in a dense undergrowth. Some of the men of Deshler's brigade fell back in disorder upon our line which caused considerable confusion. During this excitement General Smith rode gallantly forward to rally the shattered line in his front, and was killed in the accomplishment of this most gallant feat. Colonel Vaughan, also riding to the front to ascertain the cause of the confusion, rode into the line of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment and captured its colors, a feat which was in accordance with his former gallantry exhibited on the fields of Belmont, Shiloh, Richmond, Ky., Perryville, and Murfreesborough. His country will surely appreciate his zeal and distinguished bravery. General Smith having been killed, the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel Vaughan, and left me in command of the regiments. This night engagement lasted about one hour. This regiment and the Twelfth Tennessee Regiment, in conjunction with a portion of Deshler's brigade, succeeded in capturing about 300 prisoners. After some time quiet prevailed, and we were ordered to stack arms and bivouac for the night.

Early the next morning we moved forward in support of Deshler's brigade to a position about 200 yards in front of the line of the night before, where we remained in line under a severe cannonade from the enemy's guns till about 1 p.m., when we were ordered to the extreme right to threaten the Chattanooga road, which position we held until Monday morning (21st), early on which day we continued to advance till we reached the road and found that the enemy had retreated during the night previous. Between 2 and 3 o'clock we took up the line of march for Chattanooga, inclining to the extreme right. We met with no resistance until we arrived at Missionary Ridge. We found the enemy strongly posted behind temporary breastworks on the apex of the aforesaid ridge. Our line of battle having been formed on the left of General Maney, the command to move forward was given, and with determination depicted upon all countenances the regiments moved forward in double-quick and soon drove the enemy from his stronghold. And thus ended the series of engagements, securing a signal victory to our arms, and exhibiting unparalleled gallantry in both men and officers of this command. To particularize would make this report too lengthy. Suffice it to say, that every depended upon his own exertions.

Having submitted a list* of killed and wounded in the several conflicts, I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

R. W. PITMAN,

Lieutenant col., comdg. 154th Senior and 13th Tenn., Regt.

Colonel A. J. VAUGHAN, JR.,

Comdg. Smith's Brigade, Cheatham's Division,

Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

8 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

