
One man was killed, 1 officer and 1 man wounded by the shelling on Sunday morning.

The loss in the regiment during the whole engagement was 4 men killed on the field, 66 wounded (4 of whom have since died), and 1 missing; ;making a total of 71.

Very respectfully,

HORACE RICE,

Colonel, commanding Twenty-ninth Tennessee.

Lieutenant R. M. HARWELL.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 262.

Report of Major William Green, Eleventh Tennessee Infantry, commanding Dawson's Battalion Sharpshooters.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, SMITH'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,Near Chattanooga, September 30, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular order from brigade headquarters of this date, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken in the late engagement of Chickamauga River by my command:

On the morning of September 9, by an order from Brigadier General Preston Smith, two companies from the Eleventh Tennessee Infantry were detached from my command and ordered to report to Major Dawson, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, and with three other companies-two from the Twelfth and Forty-seventh Tennessee Regiments (consolidated), and one from the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, all of Brigadier General Preston Smith's brigade-formed a battalion of sharpshooters,

numbering 252 rifles, which was placed under command of Major Dawson and myself.

On the morning of September 19, Brigadier General Preston Smith's brigade was ordered in position to receive the advance of the enemy. The brigade was scarcely in position when my command was ordered to deploy in front of the position and advance to check the enemy. Had succeeded in deploying two companies, when the brigade moved forward to engage the enemy. My command was then assembled on the right of the brigade and moved forward in a line with the latter; succeeded in driving the enemy in our front some 600 yards. A part of the ground over which my command had to advance was an open space over timber recently fallen. Having exhausted my ammunition, I retired slowly and in good order with the brigade to the position first occupied. In this position I was ordered to support Turner's [Smith's] battery, of Brigadier-General Maney's brigade. The battery did good service in effectually checking the advance of the enemy in that direction, notwithstanding they (the enemy) were advancing in three lines. Here it was that the gallant Major Dawson was severely wounded in the groin and forced to leave the field.

The command of the battalion then devolved upon myself, with Major Purl, of the Twelfth Tennessee Regiment, to assist me.

Late in the afternoon my command was again deployed in front of the brigade, and continued a brisk skirmish with the enemy until

