
Brigadier-General Deshler's command came up and passed over my line. I was then ordered by Brigadier-General Smith, whom I met leading his brigade to support Brigadier-General Deshler, to return and support Turner's [Smith's] battery until further orders.

I remained with the battery all night and until about 9 a.m. Sunday, the 20th instant, when I was ordered by Major-General Cheatham to rejoin my brigade. My command was not engaged during this day.

On Monday morning, the 21st instant, I was ordered by Colonel A. J. Vaughan, commanding the brigade, to deploy my command in front of the brigade, which was then lying in line of battle parallel with the main road, the right resting near the enemy's hospitals, and proceed in direction of Missionary Ridge until I discovered the enemy's position. I did as ordered, and gained the top of Missionary Ridge at McFarland's vineyard without opposition, capturing 5 prisoners.

Remained on Missionary Ridge until 3 p.m., when I received an order to rejoin my brigade. Marched very hard and reached the command at 9 o'clock. Encamped on Chickamauga River near Bird's Mill.

Tuesday morning, the 22nd instant, moved forward with the brigade and participated in the engagement, in which we were successful in driving the enemy from Missionary Ridge.

A list of the casualties of my command has been reported by the respective regiments from which the companies were taken.

The loss of the battalion were 7 killed, 49 wounded, and 6 missing.

Among the killed was Captain Koneke, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Tennessee Regiment, who was mortally wounded while gallantly leading his command, and died in half an hour.

Captain Cummings, of the Twelfth Tennessee Regiment, was seriously injured by a fall and forced to leave the field.

In conclusion, let me say that no men ever fought with more gallantry than the noble little band which I had the honor to command on the ever-memorable field of Chickamauga.

Respectfully,

WILL. GREEN,

Major 11th Tenn. Regt., Comdg. Batt. S. S., Smith's Brig.

[Captain J. W. HARRIS,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 263.

Report of Lieutenant A. T. Watson, Scott's (Tennessee) battery.

CAMP OF SCOTT'S BATTERY,

In the Field, near Missionary Ridge, October 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battery in the battle of Chickamauga on Saturday, the 19th instant, commanded by First Lieutenant John H. Marsh, Captain W. L. Scott being absent sick at the time:

The battery was moved forward on Saturday morning about 8 o'clock and crossed the Chickamauga Creek; then moved about 10 o'clock by the right flank at double-quick; then moved in column forward in rear of the brigade; came into action under a heavy fire

