
of musketry by the enemy about 2 p.m. Several of the privates wounded in coming into action. Opened fire on the enemy with spherical case and canister at a distance of 300 to 400 yards with effect. The howitzer of the right section, after firing two rounds, was disabled by the cap-square breaking. After firing fifteen or twenty minutes, First Lieutenant John H. Marsh was severely wounded by a Minie ball passing through the left arm, and was taken from the field. I continued firing under a heavy fire from the enemy of musketry, shell, and canister for about thirty minutes, when the brigade was ordered back. I then withdrew to the rear some half a mile.

During the action 2 privates were killed, 3 seriously wounded, and 10 slightly. The horses lost were 14 head, and 1 set artillery harness lost and left on the field. The men maintained their position and acted very gallantly during the action. I was ordered about 5 o'clock to report to Brigadier-General Maney, which I did promptly.

Sunday morning, about 6 o'clock, I was ordered back to the brigade, and gave up the command to Captain W. L. Scott about 11 a.m.

Respectfully submitted.

A. T. WATSON,

Second Lieutenant Scott's Battery.

Captain J. W. HARRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 264.

Report of Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. WRIGHT'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

In the Field, October 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle of the Chickamauga on the 19th and 20th ultimo:

On Saturday, 19th ultimo, at 8.30 a.m., I was ordered by Major-General Cheatham to advance and cross the Chickamauga at a ford known as Hunt's Ford, following immediately after Brigadier General Preston Smith's brigade, and followed by Brigadier General George Maney's brigade. Immediately after we crossed the ford heavy firing commenced in our front, which was ascertained to be an engagement between the reserve division of Major-General Walker and the enemy who was in heavy force, and was pressing Walker hotly with his largely superior numbers.

My brigade, after crossing, was formed in line of battle in a field in the rear of Brigadier-General Smith. I was ordered to follow immediately upon the rear of Smith when he moved. In an hour Smith moved in the direction of the battle-field, and we followed closely in his rear. After moving into a wood in a direction inclining down the Chickamauga, another halt was made of half an hour, when I received and order from General Cheatham to form in line of battle and move forward in a direction nearly at right angles to the road along which we were posted, with that brave and competent officer, General Preston Smith, still on my right. Maney being in my rear

