
with constancy, coolness, and undaunted courage, bearing the shock like veterans, and not perceptibly wavering beneath its severity, and returning shot for shot as far as their inferiority of numbers would allow.

After sustaining this fire for three and a half hours (from 12 m. to 3.30 p.m.), seeing that Brigadier-General Smith, immediately on my right, had withdrawn from the field, and learning from some of my officers that their ammunition was nearly exhausted, I determined to order the brigade to retire. Before,, however, I could give orders to execute this movement, a courier informed me that the enemy was flanking my position, which, upon moving in that direction, I distinctly discovered, seeing his line moving through the ravine and undergrowth upon the left flank. I then dispatched orders to the colonels and commander of the battery to withdraw to a hill about a quarter of a mile in the rear. Discovering at this opportune moment a supporting brigade approaching in line of battle, and not being able to move rapidly enough to communicate with the general commanding (Brigadier-General Clayton), in consequence of my being dismounted, I requested the colonel commanding the leading regiment to move to my left and protect the men in retiring, which he did promptly and efficiently. At the same time I informed in him that the enemy was flanking our position. Each of the regiments were withdrawn slowly and in good order, although all the horses of the battery except 3 were killed, and about one-half of the company shot down, either killed or wounded, thus rendering the battery useless to check the advance of the enemy's flanking force. Captain Carnes, First Lieutenant Marshall, and Second Lieutenant Cockrill, of the artillery, remained with the battery until they received orders to retire, narrowly escaping capture, and gallantly standing at their posts until the last moment. Second Lieutenant Van Vleck gallantly died at his post. After retiring from the field, I at once dispatched a staff officer to Major-General Cheatham, advising him of the position of the brigade, and informing him of the fact that our ammunition was nearly exhausted, which was promptly supplied.

After 5 p.m. the brigade was again ordered to take position about 400 yards to the right of the ground on which we had fought the enemy. Major-General Cleburne's division and Smith's brigade, of Major-General Cheatham's division, at about 6.30 o'clock, on our immediate right, made a most gallant and successful movement upon the enemy's position, but my brigade was not ordered to participate in the glorious charge, which cost the lives of many brave patriots, and among them the heroic General Preston Smith.

Having bivouacked at this position on Saturday night, on Sunday morning a linen of battle was again formed, and held steadily for three hours under a most harassing fire form the enemy's batteries. One man of the Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment was severely wounded by a round shot. About 1 p.m. I was ordered to move the brigade around to the right of our position, following Maney in moving by the right flank. About 6 p.m., Maney being on our left, I was ordered to follow his movements in line of battle. Major-General Walker's division and Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade, of Cheatham';s division, were already engaged fiercely in assaulting a fortified position of the enemy, at which a very large force of his artillery had been concentrated. A furious contest was raging with wild and terrible carnage. Though the gallant troops of Walker and Jackson held position with unsurpassed stubbornness and

