
heroism, yet the enemy, encouraged by the strength, natural and artificial, of his position and his concentrated forces, was making a most stubborn fight. At this critical moment the two brigades (General Maney's and my own) were precipitated with a deafening hurrah and rapid shock to support our gallant comrades, who were contending against unequal odds. The men were inn the highest spirits, and moved forward with an animation that I have never seen surpassed. At this time the scene was one of the most animated and exciting that can be imagined. The whole issue of the combat seemed suspended upon a moment's work. The shouts of our gallant patriots presaged success, and every eye was lighted with victory. It came at that propitious moment. The enemy, already daunted by the fierce ordeal through which they had passed from the guns of Walker and Jackson, could no longer bear the trial, when the cheers of our re-enforcing battalion were wafted to them on the evening breeze. They broke in hopeless confusion and rout, precipitately fled before our pursuing columns, leaving their dead and wounded behind them, and several pieces of their artillery. Although my brigade did not reach the position in time to fire but a very few guns from the Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment, yet it is a source of heartfelt satisfaction that the cheers of the men and their impetuous charge assisted in striking terror into the heart of the foe and in hastening his inglorious flight.

In this engagement and that of Saturday the brigade captured 71 prisoners, including a captain and 2 lieutenants. The loss in the brigade was 44 killed on the field, 43 missing (most of whom are known to be and the others are supposed to be in the hands of the enemy), and 400 wounded.

Among the killed I regret to mention Captain Parks, Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment; Lieutenant Harney, Murray's battalion, attached to the Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment; Lieutenant Wade, and Color Bearer Bland, of the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Tennessee Regiments; Captain Whaley and Lieutenant Craing, of the Twenty-eighth Tennessee Regiment, and Lieutenant Van Vleck, Carne's battery.

Among the wounded were Colonels John H. Anderson and D. M. Donnell; Lieutenant Colonel John G. Hall and Major Thomas G. Randle; Captains Puryear, Cullom, and Bonds, and Lieutenants Cunningham, Leonard, Flynt, and Shaw, Eighth Tennessee Regiment; Lieutenants Potter, Owen, Fisher, and Worthington, Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment; Captain McDonald and Lieutenants Apple, Danley, and Taylor, Twenty-eighth Tennessee Regiment; Adjutant Caruthers, Lieutenants Banks and Ridout, Thirty-eight Tennessee Regiment, and Captain Burton, Lieutenants Billings, Chester, White, Haynie, Tilman, and Wade, Fifty-first and Fifty-second Tennessee Regiments.

All the field officers of the brigade and the officers of the battery acted with such distinguished gallantry that I feel it would be invidious to make a distinction. Company officers and men, with very inconsiderable exceptions that have come to my knowledge, bore themselves with a gallantry and steadiness becoming patriots contending for freedom and all that honorable men hold dear.

I am indebted for valuable assistance during the engagement to my staff officers, Captain Leon Trousdale, assistant adjutant-general;

Captain Edward F. Lee, assistant inspector-general; my aides-de-camp,

