
Lieutenant E. T. Harris and Lieutenant Sidney Womack,and Mr. Charles T. Smith. They each discharged their duties with fidelity and zeal.

One of my couriers, Mr. William S. Hill, won the commendations of all, and my warm thanks, for his gallantry and alacrity in the discharge of his perilous duties.

Brigadier General W. C. Whitthorne, adjutant-general of Tennessee, volunteered to act as aide-de-camp on the first day's march from Chattanooga, and discharged the various duties that I assigned to him with a promptness, courage, and ability which merit and receive my warmest thanks. On the field General Whitthorne conducted himself with conspicuous gallantry.

The infirmary corps discharged their duties with such fearlessness and fidelity as to attract my special observation.

The provost guard also, under their worthy and gallant provost-marshal, Lieutenant Richardson, fully fulfilled the standard of their duties. They lost 1 killed and 2 wounded in the engagement of Saturday.

I unite with all true patriots of our country in returning thanks to Almighty God, without whose assistance our strength is weakness,

for the substantial victory with which he has crowned our efforts.

I herewith transmit the reports of the regimental commanders of the brigade, to which your especial attention is respectfully invoked.

I regret I cannot accompany them with report of Captain Carnes, commanding battery, whose absence on business connected with his battery necessarily delays its preparation.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES D. PORTER, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cheatham's Division.

Numbers 265

Report of Lieutenant A. J. Paine, Ordnance Officer.

Number of guns carried into the battle of Chickamauga and the number rounds of ammunition expended on the field in Wright's brigade, Cheatham's division, Polk's corps, Army of Tennessee.

Regiments.	 Number guns	 Number rounds	 Total number

 taken into	 expended per	 rounds

 the fight.	 man.	 expended.

16th Tennessee	 242	 7 3/4	 1,833

51st [and 52nd]	 232	 10	 2,320

Tennessee

38th Tennessee	 264	 10	 2,640

8th Tennessee	 260	 9 1/4	 2,400

28th Tennesse	 254	 12	 3,048

Total	 1,252	 ----	 12,241

