
The detail with ordnance train during the fight were employed chiefly in watching the movements of their respective regiments, so as to know all the time their exact locality, that they might be able to supply them with ammunition at any moment. Their leisure hours were occupied in gathering and transporting to the rear ordnance stores from the battle-field. The brigade carried from the field upward of 1,100 guns, besides a good many accouterments and bayonets. These guns were hauled to the rear for transportation to railroad.

Very respectfully,

A. J. PAINE,

Ordnance Officer, Wright's Brigade.

OCTOBER 18, 1863.

Numbers 266.

Report of Colonel John H. Anderson, Eighth Tennessee Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, WRIGHT'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION.

Camp near Chattanooga, October 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers in the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20:

On the night of the 18th, my regiment bivouacked about 3 3/4 miles from battle-ground, and at daylight on the 19th I was ordered to move forward and cross the Chickamauga River at a ford in rear of General Walker's division, which was then engaging the enemy about 1 1/2 miles from the ford. After crossing, were formed in line of battle in an old field on the bank of the river, in which position we remained an hour and a half, when we were again moved to the front by the right flank to a position on an eminence about half a mile to the front, when we were again formed into line, in which position we remained but a short time, being annoyed to some extent by one of the enemy's batteries in position near Lee and Gordon's Mills, about 1 mile to our left and front. We were then ordered forward to engage the enemy on the left of Major-General Walker's division, who were hotly engaged by the enemy in heavy force, when we moved forward at a double-quick a distance of about 1 mile over a very broken and bushy ground to the immediate front of the enemy when we were halted for a few moments in order to correct our alignment. The correction being made, my command moved upon the enemy, who was posted upon an eminence protected by heavy timber and undergrowth, with two batteries of artillery stationed in commanding positions to enable him to give us a warm reception. I had not advanced far when the enemy opened upon me with artillery and small-arms a heavy fire. My men maintained perfect order and moved steadily to the front to a position not exceeding 200 yards from the enemy, when I received and order to halt, when I gave the order to open fire, which order was promptly executed., with, as I suppose, considerable effect upon the enemy, as he commenced giving way in my front. The fire of the enemy at this time was very severe, causing the regiment on my right (the Sixteenth Tennessee, Colonel Donnell) to retire some distance

