
their native State, their homes, and those near and dear to them to a treacherous, insolent, and unprincipled foe, yet they behaved and fought like true patriots and freemen who know their rights and privileges and are willing to maintain them at all hazards.

All honor to our brave dead and wounded who sleep and have bedewed the battle-ground of Chickamauga with their blood for the cause of freedom and the institutions of the South. May the dead live in the memory of every true patriot, and the wounded soon be healed to again join their brothers in arms and to continue to battle until the last armed foe has been driven from our homes.

I cannot close this report without saying a few words in honor of the brave officers and men of my regiment. They behaved, with but the fewest exceptions, in the most gallant manner, maintaining their positions for about two hours under a terrific fire of artillery and small-arms in the very face of a large and overwhelming force of the enemy.

Of the field and staff I would mention Lieutenant-Colonel McKinney, Major Burford, and Adjt. A. J. Murphy, who conducted themselves in the most gallant and soldierly manner, directing and encouraging the men at all times during the action.

I have to regret the loss of Adjutant Murphy, who was severely wounded in the arm and shoulder; Captain Bonds, severely in the scrotum;Lieutenant Flynt (I fear mortally) in the hip, and several valuable officers and men of whom it would afford me great pleasure to mention if the length of this report would permit.

Accompanying you will please find a report of the casualties* for my regiment.

All of which are most respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNumbers H. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Comdg. Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 267

Report of Colonel D. M. Donnell, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment (Sixteenth Tennessee) in the battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20:

The line of battle having been formed we advanced, changing direction slightly to the right, through a corn-field and a short distance int o the woods beyond, when we found ourselves under a very heavy fire from a battery of the enemy, about 150 yards in front of the left wing of my regiment. This fire wounded a considerable number of my men, who retired from the field, and at the same time a number of others fell back 10 or 15 paces to seek protection behind trees. This for a moment induced the belief that the line was giving

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

