
way, but the men maintained their position, firing as rapidly as they could through the thick undergrowth (which very much obstructed the view of the enemy) for about three hours, when I received an order form Brigadier-General Wright to retire, which I did. A few moments before I received this order, Strahl's brigade, having relieved Smith's, was in the act of charging the enemy. Having notified Colonel Anderson, on my left, I commenced moving with Strahl's brigade, but had not advanced more than 20 paces when the order from General Wright (alluded to above) came, and I retired.

During this time our loss was 67 wounded.

On the next morning, while lying in line of battle, 1 man was mortally wounded.

During this day we changed position several times, and just before night joined in the charge which drove the enemy from his fortifications, thus ending the engagement.

On this occasion the officers and men under my command, with few exceptions, conducted themselves with their usual gallantry.

I am particularly indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, Captain Dillard (acting major), and Adjutant Claywell for the invaluable assistance they gave me in preserving order and inspiring confidence in the minds of the men.

Captain Dillard does not belong to my regiment, but is attached to the Conscript Bureau. Knowing him to be a most excellent officer, and being without a major, I invited him, on the evacuation of Chattanooga, to act in that capacity. This he has done on the march and in action with marked ability. I cannot speak too highly of his cool gallantry and sound judgment.

I am,, captain, yours, respectfully,

D. M. DONNELL,

Colonel Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wright's Brigade.

Numbers 268

Report of Colonel Sidney S. Stanton, Twenty-eighth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT.

October 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Tennessee Regiment in the late battle of Chickamauga:

The Sixteenth, Eighth, and Fifty-first Tennessee Regiments being formed on my right and the Thirty-eighth Tennessee on my left, mine was immediately on the left of the center regiment of the brigade. Having crossed Chickamauga Creek on Saturday morning, September 19, we were maneuvered variously for two or three hours, and finally placed in order of battle. Early after noon the entire brigade was ordered forward, with instructions from Brigadier-General Wright that each regiment would cover its front with skirmishers, to be instructed by their respective colonels to advance with

