
brigade, in the late battle of the Chickamauga, fought on September 19 and 20 last:

The brigade was formed in line of battle about 12 m. of Saturday, the 19th ultimo. My regiment was on the left of the brigade; Captain Carne's battery of light artillery was on the left of my regiment. The brigade was ordered to advance as soon as the line of battle was formed . For a short time I thought that Major-General Walker's division was in our front and that Brigadier-General Maney's brigade was on my left. I, however, soon discovered that no Confederate troops were on the left, and that the enemy alone in heavy force was in our front. When I was about 150 yards form the enemy's line of battle, I was ordered by Captain E. F. Lee, assistant inspector-general to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding brigade, to halt my regiment, and was informed at the same time that the command "Commence firing" had been given. I immediately complied with these orders. My regiment fought for about three hours under a very heavy fire, advancing a little during the time.

I cannot say definitely what loss I inflicted upon the enemy. For my own loss I respectfully refer to a report of the killed and wounded already forwarded.

About 3.30 p.m., of the same day, I received an order form Mr. C. Smith, volunteer aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding brigade, to fall back. As this order reached me last (my regiment being on the left and the order coming from the right,) I believe that the other regiments retired a little before mine did. i do not assert this as a fact, as I could not observe the regiments on the right of the brigade. As soon as I discovered that there were no Confederate troops on my left I immediately requested First Lieutenant Marshall, of Carnes' battery of light artillery, to turn his guns to the left, as I felt sure the enemy would flank us; that we (the infantry) would attend to the enemy in front. Almost immediately afterward we were apprised of the fact that the enemy had flanked us by his fire and seeing his flanking line.

On Sunday, the 20th ultimo, my regiment, together with the brigade, was ordered to charge the enemy. We complied with the order, but the enemy retreated before we reached him.

I must be permitted to speak of the courage and efficiency of the officers and men under my command. Lieutenant col. A. D. Gwynne, Major H. W. Cotter, Adjt. R. L. Caruthers, Captains Pugh, Neely, Nevill, and Miller, and Lieutenants Chilcutt, Koen and Feild deserve special mention.

I regret that necessity compelled us to move so rapidly before the line of battle was formed.

Our sorrow for the fallen is softened by the fact that our banners waved over the ground upon which they lay, and that shouts of triumph rang upon their ears and lit in death their smiles of hope.

We return thanks to God for the victory won.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN C. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain LEON, TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wright's Brigade.

