
The regiment, having been supplied with ammunition, remained idle until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when we were again ordered in line. But our brigade taking no further part in the engagement, we were ordered some distance to the rear, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 20th, we were again ordered in line and gradually moved around to the right until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when the brigade was formed on the right of Brigadier-General Maney's line. We were still later ordered forward, but did not engage the enemy.

Met with no casualties. Encamped for the night on the battle-field, the enemy having been routed and driven off.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers G. HALL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 51st and 52nd Tennessee Regiments.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 271.

Report of Brigadier General Otho F. Strahl, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS STRAHL'S BRIGADE,Missionary Ridge, September 30, 1863

SIR: On the morning of the 19th instant, my brigade, composed of the Fourth and Fifth, Nineteenth, Twenty-fourth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Tennessee Regiments, and Captain Stanford's rifled battery, moved by the right flank, in compliance with orders from division headquarters, and crossed Chickamauga Creek about 3 miles below Lee and Gordon's Mills. From this point, and about the middle of the day, we moved rapidly to the right about 2 miles, where we halted and formed in line of battle immediately on the left of General Maney's brigade.

About 1 p.m. I received an order from General Cheatham to move forward, which I did, and took a position immediately in rear of General Smith's brigade, which was at that time hotly engaged with the enemy and some 200 yards in front of the position I had taken.

Shortly after taking this position General Smith sent me word that he was about to be driven back and wished me to come to his support which I did at once, moving forward over his line to a small elevation some 250 yards in his front, entirely relieving him and engaging the enemy. In a short time after thus engaging the enemy, General Smith rode up to me and told me that my left flank was still in rear of General Wright, and that my right flank was not supported by any one, and that I was in a position to be flanked by the enemy on my right unless I immediately moved in that direction. Discovering, however, that General Wright had retired and that none of our troops were in my front, and knowing the great danger of attempting a flank movement in the presence and under the fire of an enemy, and expecting General Maney to come up on my right, I did not move in that direction until General Smith rode up to me a second time and told me that General Cheatham directed that I should

