
close the gap between myself and General Jackson by moving to the right. I then concluded that General Maney had been ordered elsewhere, and I therefore immediately gave orders to move to the right, but had hardly commenced the movement before the enemy met the front of my column with a murderous and destructive fire, enfilading nearly the whole of my line, and moving in such a direction as soon to be in the rear of my right if I attempted to hold the position I then had.

The position of the two lines were about as is shown below:

MAP

Therefore, not knowing whether I was to receive support on my right, and having no time for delay, I immediately gave orders for my line to retire and at once moved back to a position where I hoped to be able to prevent the enemy from flanking me. I gained this position with my left in good order, my right being thrown into confusion by the heavy fire they were receiving both from the front and on their flank. The officers, however, all acted with great gallantry and coolness and immediately rallied their men as soon as they arrived at positions where they could do so and not be in immediate danger of being flanked. In this movement we were compelled to leave most of our killed and wounded on the field, some of whom fell into the hands of the enemy.

Our loss while placed in this unfortunate position was near 200, and among that number some very valuable and gallant officers.

Most of the field officers on my right were dismounted by having their horses shot under them, and Major Heiskell, of the Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment, a very gallant officer, was severely wounded in the foot.

During this short encounter with the enemy the Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment was on my right, and was, therefore, much more exposed, and consequently met with a much heavier loss than any other in the brigade. But its field officers-Colonel F. M. Walker and Lieutenant Colonel, B. F. Moore-acted with such coolness and gallantry that they inspired their men with courage and confidence, and prevented that demoralization which might have been expected under such trying circumstances.

It was now, while engaged in reforming my line, that General Maney came up and pressed the enemy back for some distance on my right, and soon became hotly engaged. As soon as my line was reformed, I moved forward to his support, and arrived on line with his left just in time to meet the enemy, who were advancing rapidly and pressing his line back. My three right regiments (the Nineteenth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third) were thrown forward in advance of the left of my brigade, and took possession of a small skirt

