
of woods, which they held until the line on their right had fallen back so far that they were again exposed to a severe enfilading fire, when I again ordered them to retire to the position where they first rallied, in order to prevent the enemy from swinging around my right and thus getting in my rear. Here I reformed my whole line, but learning that General Smith's brigade was in line just on my right and but a short distance in my rear, and being without support on either flank, I deemed it advisable to move back and form on him, which I did, and remained in this position until dark.

While in this position my battery, commanded by Captain T. J. Stanford, for the first time opened on the enemy, and shelled them for a short time, but with what effect I could not tell. The ground over which we had been fighting during the afternoon was of such a nature that it would not admit of the use of artillery, and especially of a rifle battery; therefore, I was compelled to meet every advance of the enemy with my infantry alone, although their batteries were playing on me the whole time, and from positions that made their fire very effective. My battery, however, was at all times immediately in my rear and ready at a moment's notice to go into position had an opportunity offered where it could have been used with effect.

At dark General Deshler's brigade, which was then in my rear, was ordered to the front and moved forward in such a manner as to cover my right. In a short time after he had passed me going to the front, I was ordered to follow, and did so, continuing to advance until I came up with his line, which was in an old field and near where we had been engaged during the afternoon. Here we bivouacked for the night in line of battle. During the night our infirmary corps brought off many of our killed and wounded that we had left on the field.

The next morning we were held in this position until noon or later, when we moved by the right flank to the extreme right of the army, and was then moved forward and placed in position immediately in rear of General Liddell's command, and there remained until the morning of the 21st, when I formed on the right of General Liddell and sent forward skirmishers some 2 1/2 miles, but without discovering an enemy, save some few stragglers, who surrendered without making any resistance.

During the whole engagement the command was almost continually within range of the enemy's cannon, and at times suffered severely from it.

My ordnance officer (Lieutenant Winston) during and after the engagement collected and hauled from the field 1,000 stand of smallarms. Several small squads of prisoners were taken by my men and sent to the rear, but without any account of the number.

The company and field officers, as a general thing, conducted themselves with great gallantry and coolness, and discharged their duties in such a manner as to reflect much credit upon themselves and their commands. The privates in the ranks, as usual, displayed that noble courage for which Southern soldiers have ever been distinguished.

My staff officers (Captain J. W. Johnston, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant John S. Chapman, acting assistant inspector-general) rendered me very efficient service on the field, and during the whole engagement manifested a zeal and energy in the discharge of their duties that was truly commendable.

I have already forwarded to you a list of the casualties of this brigade, showing the name, rank, and command of the officers and

