
men killed, wounded, and missing during the engagement. This report shows our loss in killed to be 19, wounded 203, and missing 28, making the whole loss sustained by the brigade 250 officers and men. Some of the missing have since been heard of as wounded and in the hands of the enemy. Many of the wounded men were but slightly injured and will soon be able to join their comrades. But there are many noble spirits who will never return; and while we have to mourn the loss of our gallant dead and sympathize with those who are suffering from their wounds, yet we cannot but rejoice that the tide of invasion has for once been hurled back, and that the faces of our victorious and gallant soldiers are now turned toward their homes, and that a new and unconquerable spirit has been aroused throughout our whole army.

Respectfully submitted.

O. F. STRAHL,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES D. PORTER, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cheatham's Division.

Numbers 272.

Report of Colonel Jonathan J. Lamb, Fifth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Fourth and Fifth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTH AND FIFTH TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS

September 30, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to state that the Fourth and Fifth Tennessee Regiments during the battle of Chickamauga occupied a position on the left of Strahl's brigade.

About 12 o'clock on Saturday, 19th instant, the command was in line of battle on a hill immediately in rear of a field, where it was subjected for about an hour to a constant fire from the enemy's guns, when it advanced across the field a distance of about 300 yards, where it was exposed to a brisk fire from the small-arms of the enemy. The fire was not returned from the fact that I was informed by Brigadier-General Smith that Wright's brigade was in front. About 10 minutes afterward the command was ordered to fall back. It retired in good order, but in recrossing the field Lieutenant W. H. Webber, Company A, Fourth Tennessee Volunteers, was killed, and 3 or 4 men wounded. The command reoccupied its former position, where it remained about an hour when it was advanced to a hill in the center of the field. Here the right wing was subjected to a very heavy fire of musketry, in which 4 or 5 men were wounded. Ten minutes after it was ordered to fall back to its former position. Here the firing was still continued. About twenty minutes afterward an order came to fall back 300 yards, where it remained until dark. It was then ordered forward and occupied its original position in rear of the field.

About 10 o'clock on the following day (20th), while occupying the same position, the command was exposed for about an hour to a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, in which 2 men were killed and several wounded. About 1 p.m. the command was marched north by the right flank about half a mile, where line of battle was formed.

