
Twenty minutes after it was moved by the right flank in a northeast direction about a mile, where a line was again formed at the foot of a hill. Here it remained until about 5 o'clock, subjected occasionally to a light fire from artillery. The command was then ordered forward in line of battle, and advanced abut half a mile to a glade, where it bivouacked for the night.

On the following day it was ascertained that the enemy had abandoned the field.

There were 3 men killed and 30 wounded during the engagement. All of which is respectfully submitted for the consideration of the brigadier-general commanding.

J. J. LAMB,

Colonel, Comdg. Fourth and Fifth Tenn. Regts.

[Captain J. W. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 273.

Report of Colonel Francins M. Walker, Nineteenth Tennessee Infantry.

SEPTEMBER 29, 1863..

SIR: In compliance with circular orders received yesterday and with common custom, I proceed to report briefly the part taken by my regiment (Nineteenth Tennessee) in the late battle of September 19 and 20 at Chickamauga:

About 1 o'clock of the 19th, the regiment, numbering 242 rank and file, moved with your brigade, being on the right, to the battle-field, and took position in line in front of, but out of reach of the small-arms of the enemy. The battle at this time had fairly opened, and the brigades of Generals Smith and Wright, of Cheatham's division, were engaging the enemy; the former immediately (or nearly so) in our front.

About 2 o'clock orders were received to move forward in support of General Smith's brigade, at that time being pressed and in danger of being flanked. My regiment moved steadily forward with the brigade through an open field or clearing, and was soon under a heavy fire, but no enemy could be seen either in front or to the flank. After proceeding 200 or 300 yards under this fire without being able as yet to fire upon the enemy, he being thoroughly concealed by timbers and thick undergrowth, I received an official order to move my regiment by the right flank, so as to unmask Smith's brigade, on the left. This movement under a heavy fire was not only a dangerous one but desperate, but was accomplished with singular promptness by my men under the circumstances, being as they were assailed in front and from the right by a murderous fire, which was literally mowing them down. Being thus exposed without a chance to check the fire of the enemy by our own and seeing that we were likely to be flanked from the right, I allowed the men to retire slowly, but all the time under a heavy and effective fire from the front and right.

By the time we had reached our former position, where I reformed the men and re-established the line, I had lost in killed and wounded not less than 75 men, among whom were several officers. My lieutenant-colonel and acting adjutant had both had their horses shot under them, and my major severely wounded.

