
In about an hour after the first advance, my regiment, with the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Tennessee Regiments, was ordered forward in support of General Maney's brigade, on his left, the same being heavily pressed and at the same time threatened by a flank movement. We moved forward about 300 yards, when we encountered the enemy attempting to turn the left of General Maney. We opened fire upon him, which, being kept up briskly for a short time, checked the movement on the flank of General Maney.

In the meantime, Maney's brigade retired; seeing which, the two regiments above named also fell back in good order to our former position in line with the brigade. In this movement we also suffered some loss, though but slight compared to that sustained in the first.

The first day's engagement closed without any other engagement with the enemy or casualty. The second day also closed without our being engaged or meeting with loss although during the entire two day's engagement we were exposed at times to a terrific shelling.

The casualties to the regiment in the entire battle were as follows:

Eight killed, 66 wounded, 20 missing, including 3 that were known also to be wounded, viz, Captain Frazier and Sergeant Thompson. Among the killed was Captain W. W. Lackey, a gallant officer and brave soldier, a generous and courteous gentleman. It is also feared that Captain Frazier may be dead, as he was known to be seriously wounded through the body. He was left on the field, and fell with others into the hands of the enemy.

Accompanying the foregoing statement is submitted a list* showing the name and rank of the killed, wounded, and missing in the regiment. While we mourn the gallant dead who have fallen and feel for those who suffer from wounds, it is matter of congratulation that yourself and so many others of your command escaped unhurt through the operations of two days upon the bloody field of Chickamauga.

Respectfully submitted.

F. M. WALKER,

Colonel, Comdg. Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment.

Brigadier-General STRAHL.

Numbers 274.

Report of Colonel John A. Wilson, Twenty-fourth Tennessee Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

September 29, 1863.

[I have the honor to make the following] report of the action of the Twenty-fourth Tennessee Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga September 19 and 20:

The regiment engaged the enemy in the battle of Chickamauga on the 19th instant under rather disadvantageous circumstances. Being flanked on the right, was forced to fall back n order to prevent the capture of the regiment.

On the 20th instant, the regiment was not engaged, save in the support of Generals Cleburne's and Liddell's divisions, moving from

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

