
time to time by the right flank until we reached the extreme right of the army, losing in the two days' engagement 43 men in killed, wounded, and missing.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN A. WILSON

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Tennessee Regiment.

[Captain J. W. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 275.

Report of Colonel Egbert E. Tansil, Thirty-first Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP MISSION RIDGE,

September 28, 1863.

On Saturday, the 19th, we crossed the Chickamauga and moved north several miles to the road leading to Anderson's Bridge; then moved to the left again a short distance, where we engaged the enemy under disadvantageous circumstances and soon fell back, where we remained until the 20th instant, exposed to fire from the enemy's artillery all the time.

In the evening of the 20th, we were moved rapidly to the right, where we remained during the night.

In the evening of the 21st, we moved to the right of General Liddell, where we remained until late in the afternoon, when we took up the march for this place.

Respectfully submitted.

E. E. TANSIL.

Colonel Thirty-first Tennessee Regiment.

[Captain J. W. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 276.

Report of Lieutenant General Daniel H. Hill, C. S, Army, commanding corps.

[COLONEL: ] I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the operations around Chattanooga, terminating in the battle of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20, 1863:

I reached Chattanooga on July 19, and was assigned to Hardee's old corps, consisting of Cleburne's and Stewart's divisions. These were encamped on the Chickamauga about Tyner's Station. The Yankees soon made their appearance at Bridgeport, and I made arrangements to guard the crossing of the Tennessee. A regiment was posted at Sivley's Ford, another at Blythe's Ferry, and Wood's brigade at Harrison.

On fast day (August), while religious services were being held in Chattanooga, the Yankees appeared on the opposite side of the river, and commenced shelling the town without giving notice. Our pickets and scouts, if any were out, had given no warning of the

