
Mills. A demonstration was to be made at that point by General Polk, while the rest of the army should cross lower down on the Chickamauga.

Cleburne's division was drawn up in line of battle at Anderson's house on the 18th, and Breckinridge was sent to guard the crossing at Glass' Mill. Just before sundown our cavalry pickets were driven away from Owens' Ford, some miles above the mill, and the Yankees crossed over a considerable force. I hastened there in person with Adam's brigade, but the Yankees did not advance beyond Childress.

The next morning Adam's brigade was withdrawn to Glass' Mill, and I determined to make a diversion at that point. Helm's brigade was crossed over and opened with ten guns upon the Yankees. An examination of the ground subsequently showed that our fire was unusually accurate and fatal. The ground was still strewed with unburied men, and 11 horses lay near the position of the Yankee battery. Our loss was slight.

In the afternoon I received an order to report in person to the commanding general at Thedford's Ford, and to hurry forward Cleburne's division to the same point. Soon after Breckinridge was ordered to relieve Hindman at Lee and Gordon's Mills. I found, upon reporting to the commanding general, that while our troops had been moving up the Chickamauga, the Yankees had been moving down, and thus outflanked us and had driven back our right wing. Cleburne was ordered to take position on the extreme right and begin an attack. We did not get into position until after sundown, but then advanced in magnificent style, driving the Yankees back some threefourths of a mile.

We captured 3 pieces of artillery, a number of caissons, 2 stand of colors, and upward of 300 prisoners. His [our] own loss was small, and fell chiefly upon Wood's brigade, which had to cross an open field and encounter log breastworks upon the opposite side of it.

Captain Semple and Lieutenant Key ran their batteries, under cover of darkness, to within 60 yards of the Yankee line and opened with happy effect. The other batteries of the division were placed, by my direction, on the right flank, so as to enfilade the Yankee line. I have never seen troops behave more gallantly than did this noble division, and certainly I never saw so little straggling from the field.

The action closed between 9 and 10 at night. Farther pursuit in the darkness was not though advisable. After readjusting our line (considerably deranged by the fight), and conferring with General Cleburne, and each of the brigade commanders individually, I left at 11 o'clock to find General Bragg at Thedford's Ford, where the orders for the day stated that his headquarters would be. It was near 5 miles to the ford, but as I had no orders for the next day, I deemed it necessary to find the commanding general. On my way I learned from some soldiers that General Breckinridge had come up from Lee and Gordon's Mills. I dispatched Lieutenant Reid, of my staff, to find him and conduct his division at once to Cleburne's right.

About midnight Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, adjutant-general, reported that my corps had been placed under command of Lieutenant-General Polk as wing commander, and that the general wished to see me that night at Alexander's Bridge, 3 miles distant. I was much exhausted, having been in the saddle from dawn till midnight, and therefore resolved to rest until 3 o'clock. At that hour I went to Alexander's Bridge, but failing to find the courier that General Polk had placed there to conduct me to his tent, I rode forward to

