
been repulsed in the morning. Cleburne's account of this brilliant affair is:

Captain Semple, acting chief of artillery (Major Hotchkiss being disabled by a wound received the day before), selected positions in front of the line and placed his own and Douglas' batteries within 200 yards of the enemy's breastworks, and opened a rapid and most effective fire, silencing immediately a battery which had been playing upon my lines. About the same time Brigadier-General Polk charged and soon carried the northwestern angle of the enemy's works, taking in succession three lines of breastworks. In this brilliant operation he was materially aided by Key's battery, and toward its close by Douglas' battery, which had again been moved by my orders to my extreme right and run into position by hand. A large number of prisoners (regulars) was here taken. The enemy abandoned his breastworks and retired precipitately, Brigadier-General Polk pursued the enemy to the Chattanooga road, where he captured another piece of artillery.

General Breckinridge's second attack was not attended with the insuperable difficulties of the morning assault. The left wing was driving the Yankees everywhere. Brigadier-General Polk had secured the troublesome angle of the breastworks. Forrest was thundering on the right. General Gist, of Walker's command, had worked his way to the enemy's rear, and Colonel Govan, commanding Liddell's brigade, of the same command, had seized the Chattanooga road. General Breckinridge thus describes his successful advance:

A line of troops on my right and covering a portion of my front advanced at the same time. A portion of these troops obliqued to the right and my line passed through the rest, who seemed to be out of ammunition, so that after moving a few hundred yards the enemy alone was in my front. The division advanced with intrepidity under a severe fire and dashed over the left of the intrenchments. In passing over them I saw the right of Major-General Cleburne, whose brave division stormed the center. Several hundred of the enemy ran through our lines to the rear. The rest were pursued several hundred yards and beyond the Chattanooga road. Of these some were killed and a good many were taken prisoners, but most of them escaped in the darkness. It was now night. Pursuit was stopped by order of General Hill, and throwing out pickets I bivouacked near the road.

The whole corps was halted in the Chattanooga road and parallel to it. The darkness might cover a concealed foe in the thick wood in our front, or it might lead to an engagement between the two wings of our army, as Longstreet was known to be pressing northward, though his exact position was not ascertained, while the right was pressing southward. A personal examination soon showed that there were no Yankees in our immediate front, and Hood's division was found halted perpendicularly to the road and but a short distance from our left. Scouts were sent out with orders to proceed a mile in our front. They returned, reporting no Yankees to be found in that distance. Others were directed to go 3 miles, who made a similar report to me before daylight.

Never, perhaps, was there a battle in which the troops were so little mixed up and in which the organization was so little disturbed. The corps was ready to march or fight at dawn in the morning, with thinned ranks, it is true, but with buoyant and exultant spirits. The morning, however, was spent in burying the dead and gathering up arms.

At 4 p.m. the corps moved toward Chickamauga and encamped after midnight near Red House Bridge.

The next day (Tuesday) was spent in idleness.

On Wednesday the corps moved up directly toward Chattanooga, with what object is unknown, and, perhaps, ever will be.

The report has been made tediously long in order to embrace

10 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

