
points which have been since the subjects of controversy. It has been thought best to refer to the action of divisions as described by their own commanders, and much regret is felt that I cannot do the like justice to Major-Generals Cheatham and Walker, temporarily under my command, as their reports have not been submitted to me. No eulogy of mine can, however, add to the reputation of these veteran soldiers or to that of their gallant commands. A like regret is felt in the case of General Forrest, who, though not under my command, most heartily co-operated throughout the day and rendered the most valuable service. I would ask no better fortune, if again placed on a flank, than to have such a vigilant, gallant, and accomplished officer guarding its approaches.

General Breckinridge claims the capture of 9 pieces of artillery, which were removed and saved. He also took a large number of prisoners. He carried into action 3,769 men. On these he lost 166 killed, 909 wounded, and 165 missing. Among these, we have to mourn Brigadier-General Helm, whose gallantry and loveliness of character had endeared him to every one, and Major Rice E. Graves, chief of artillery to the division. "He had won eminence in arms and gave promise of the highest distinction. A truer friend, a purer patriot, a better soldier never lived."

No tribute can do justice to the unknown and unrecorded dead. Most of them exiles from home and family; men who had endured every hardship, trial, and privation for so long a period, but to find at last nameless graves, uncheered by the world's applause and uninfluenced by the hope of distinction, they sacrificed ease, comfort, happiness, life itself, upon the altar of their country.

Brigadier-General Adams was for the third time severely wounded. It was difficult for me to decide which the most to admire, his extraordinary judgment as an officer, his courage on the field, or his unparalleled cheerfulness under suffering.

Those intrepid officers, Colonel Nuckols, Fourth Kentucky; Colonel Caldwell, of the Ninth Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Turner and Major Butler, of the Nineteenth Louisiana, were wounded, the latter mortally.

General Cleburne claims the capture of four pieces of artillery and his prisoners were quite numerous. He carried into action 5,115 officers and men. Of these, in the two days' fight 204 were killed, 1,539 wounded, and 6 are missing.

The entire casualties in the corps, out of 8,884 taken into action, are: Killed, 370; wounded, 2,448; missing, 172. Total, 2,990.

The grateful duty remains of appropriately noticing those whose position as well as gallantry attracted attention. The division commanders behaved most nobly and exhibited all those high qualities so requisite in officers of their grade-coolness, courage, judgment, and personal attention to small as well as great matters. General Breckinridge says of his brigade commanders:

To Brigadier-General Stovall, to Colonel Lewis, who succeeded to the command of Helm's brigade, to Colonel R. L. Gibson, who succeeded to the command of Adam's brigade, the country is indebted for the courage and skill with which they discharged their arduous duties.

General Cleburne says:

I have already incidentally called attention to the gallant conduct of Brigadier-General Polk, but it is due to him and to the country, which wishes to appreciate its faithful servants, to say that to the intrepidity and stern determination of purpose of himself and men, I was principally indebted for the success of the charge on

