
Sunday evening, which drove the enemy form his breastworks and gave us the battle. Colonel Mills is entitled to be remembered also. Leading his regiment through the battle until the fall of his brigadier-the lamented Deshler-he was called by seniority to command the brigade, which he did with gallantry.

The extraordinary merit of Colonel Hill, of the Twentieth [Thirty-fifth] Tennessee, came under my personal observation. This noble officer has been distinguished on many a hard-fought field, and has been content with a subordinate position provided he can serve his country.

Colonel M. P. Lowrey has been deservedly promoted, and a worthier object of advancement could not have been selected.

Both division commanders speak in the highest terms of their staff officers. My own staff at all times and under all circumstances rendered zealous, efficient, and intelligent service.

Major Ratchford, Captain West,and Lieutenant Reid, who have been with me from the outbreak of the war, exhibited their usual coolness and judgment on the field. The latter was severely wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, whose services have been so invaluable to me as an adjutant, was equally efficient on the field. His horse was killed under him by 9 balls.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bondurant, chief of artillery, wounded in McLemore's Cove, was again on the field and ever at the post of duty. Major Avery, inspector-general; Major Cross, assistant adjutant-general, and Major Duxbory, chief of ordnance, did their whole duty with zeal and fidelity.

Lieutenant Morrison, aide-de-camp, a young and gallant soldier, had his horse killed under him while aiding me in rallying some demoralized troops.

Major Scherck, chief commissary, and Captain Ewing, chief quartermaster, attended faithfully to their respective departments.

Chief Surg. A. R. Erskine, though not well,did not cease to attend to his wounded until the close of the battle. A more feeling and conscientious officer can seldom be found.

The denseness of the woods prevented Captain Bain, signal officer, from rendering any service in the field, but all his previous reports were accurate and reliable.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 1, 1864

Respectfully referred to General Cooper, Adjutant-General.

By order of President:

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

[P. S.]-These papers were found in the possession of Lieutenant-General Polk after his death and forwarded by his staff.

