
low ridge from which Lowrey had been repulsed. I therefore ordered him to cover himself behind the ridge and hold his position as long as possible. His brigade was now en echelon about 400 yards in front of the left of the rest of the division, which here rested for some hours.

In effecting this last disposition of his command, General Deshler fell, a shell passing fairly through his chest. It was the first battle in which this gentleman had the honor of commanding as a general officer. He was a brave and efficient one. He brought always to the discharge of his duty a warm zeal and a high conscientiousness. The army and the country will long remember him.

At about 3.30 p.m. I received orders from Lieutenant-General Polk to move forward on a line with my left (Deshler), connecting my right with Jackson's brigade,and when I had formed my line, to remain and hold the position. I accordingly advanced with my center and right wing, drove in the enemy's skirmishers, and found his line behind the works from which he had repulsed us in the morning. The left wing of the army had been driving the enemy. The right wing now attacked, Lieutenant-General Polk ordering me to advance my heavy batteries and open on the enemy. Captain Semple, my acting chief of artillery (Major Hotchkiss, my chief of artillery, being disabled by a wound received the day before), selected positions in front of the line and placed his own and Douglas' batteries within 200 yards of the enemy's breastworks and opened a rapid and most effective fire, silencing immediately a battery which had been playing upon my lines. About the same time Brigadier-General Polk charged and soon carried the northwestern angle of the enemy's works, taking in succession three lines of breastworks. In this

brilliant operation he was materially aided by Key's battery, and toward its close by Douglas'battery, which had again been moved by my orders to my extreme right, where it was run into position, by hand. A large number of prisoners (regulars) were here captured.

The enemy abandoned his works and retired precipitately. Brigadier-General Polk pursued to the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, where he captured another piece of artillery. I here received directions from Lieutenant-General Hill to halt my command until further orders.

I cannot close this report without an acknowledgment of distinguished services rendered by various officers and men which would otherwise pass unnoticed.

I have already incidentally called attention to the gallant conduct of Brigadier-General Polk, but it is due to him and to the country, which wishes to appreciate its faithful servants, to say that to the intrepidity and stern determination of purpose of himself and men, I was principally indebted for the success of the charge on Sunday evening which drove the enemy from his breastworks and gave us the battle.

Colonel Mill, also, is entitled to be remembered. Leading his men through the battle until the fall of his brigadier (the lamented Deshler), he was then called, by seniority, to command the brigade. which he did with gallantry and intelligence.

To my staff-Major Calhoun Benham, assistant adjutant-general (whose horse was shot under him); Major Joseph K. Dixon, assistant inspector-general; Captain B. F. Philips, assistant inspector-

