
general; Lieutenant J. W. Jetton, aide-de-camp and acting assistant inspector-general; Major T. R. Hotchkiss, chief of artillery (who received a wound from a Minie ball in the foot on Saturday, which deprived me of his valuable services afterward); Captain Henry C. Semple, who replaced Major Hotchkiss as chief of artillery when disabled; Captain C. F. Vanderford, chief of ordnance; Lieutenant L. H. Mangum, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant S. P. Hanly, aide-de-camp (who received a contusion from a grape-shot)- I am indebted for the faithful and indefatigable manner in which they performed their vital, though perhaps not showy, duties throughout these operations.

Major T. R. Hotchkiss,chief of artillery; Captain Semple, with his battery, and Lieutenant Thomas J. Key, commanding Calvert's battery, rendered invaluable service and exhibited the highest gallantry on Saturday night in running their pieces up as they did within 60t yards of the enemy. In this they were ably sustained by Lieutenant Richard W. Goldthwaite, of Semple's battery. Here Major Hotchkiss received his wound.

Captain Semple also displayed skill and judgment as acting chief of artillery, particularly in the selection of a position for his own and Douglas' batteries on Sunday evening, which gave on oblique fire upon the enemy in his works, contributing to the success of the final charge by Polk's brigade.

Captain O. S. Palmer, assistant adjutant-general of Wood's brigade, was conspicuous for his coolness and attention to duty on the field, and has my thanks.

I am much indebted also to Dr. D. A. Linthicum, chief surgeon of my division. The completeness of his arrangements, his careful supervision of subordinates, both on the field under fire and elsewhere, and in the hospitals secured our gallant wounded prompt attention, and all the comfort and alleviation of pain attainable in the exigencies of battle.

Surg. A. R. Erskine, then acting (now actual) medical inspector of my division, rendered most efficient service.

Asst. Surg. Alfred B. De Loach particularly distinguished himself by his unselfish devotion, going repeatedly far forward under fire and among the skirmishers to attend the wounded.

James P. Brady and Melvin L. Overstreet, privates in the Buckner Guards (my escort), specially detailed to attend me through the battle, went with me wherever my duty called me. Brady was wounded in the hand; Overstreet had his horse shot.

To Captain C. F. Vanderford, my chief of ordnance, my thanks are specially due. His trains were always in the best order and in the most accessible position, and to his care in this respect I am indebted for a prompt supply of ammunition in every critical emergency which arose.

I carried into action on Saturday (the 19th) 5,115 officers and men, 4,875 bayonets.

On Sunday (the 20th) I carried in 4,671 officers and men, 4,437 bayonets.

In the two days my casualties were 204 killed, 1,539 wounded, 6 missing; making in all, 1,749.

Respectfully,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hill's Corps.

