
especially on the Forty-fifth Alabama Regiment, which was forced back earlier than the Sixteenth and Thirty-third Alabama and reformed on Colonel Lowrey's regiment. As soon as the position of these regiments could be ascertained, the Sixteenth and Thirty-third were ordered to take their places in the line, they being 600 or 800 yards in advance on the left. During this movement Semple's battery, under the command of Lieutenant Goldthwaite, followed the brigade and opened effectively on the enemy. In the second advance it was not deemed desirable that the battery should advance with the brigade, the batteries of other brigades on our left being allowed to remain in position.

After reforming our line a division was moved to our right (Cheatham's), and I received an order to move up to the support of Polk's brigade. I formed in line with it and threw out skirmishers. Moved to the right a half mile. Our skirmishers were engaged with the enemy until nearly sundown, when, General Polk having advanced and desiring the support of a regiment, I directed Colonel Lowrey to go to his support; but the enemy had been routed.

In conclusion, it may be stated that no command conducted itself with more spirit or determination. By subsequent examination of the field, it was observed that at no point was the enemy's works so strong as in our front. And the peculiar formation of his lines, which, owing to the heavy timber and undergrowth, could not be ascertained by any effort but an assault, subjected the command to a very destructive cross and enfilading fire on Sunday.

The reports of the colonels and commanders of battery and battalions will show list of casualties. The loss at the time in t he brigade was 96 killed on the field and 680 wounded. Many have died since, among them 4 field officers-Major McGaughy, of the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment; Major Karr, of the Thirty-second Mississippi Regiment; Major Hawkins, of Hawkins' sharpshooters; Major Gibson, of Gibson's battalion, attached to Thirty-third Alabama Regiment. These officers, of the same rank, were all distinguished by former services on the field of battle. They were all of great merit, and their loss will be long deeply regretted by their commands.

For further particulars, reference is made to reports of commanders of regiments and companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. M. WOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 279.

Report of Captain Frederick A. Ashford, Sixteenth Alabama Infantry
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,October 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20:

At about 5 o'clock on the evening of September 19, the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, with 32 officers and 382 effective men Major

