
the command, before the firing ceased, but owing to the darkness of the night failed to come up in time. It is also due Lieutenant Cox, Company E, to state that he was on detailed duty on September 19.

In the morning of September 20, the regiment, with an effective strength of 28 officers and 257 men, Major McGaughy still commanding, was, as had been ordered, under arms at 4 o'clock, and os remained until about 10 o'clock, when we were ordered forward and advanced nearly a mile and within a short distance of the enemy, who held a very strong position and were protected by breastworks built of logs. Here we were ordered to lie down, and remained an hour under a heavy fire of shell, grape, and canister shot. When moved from this position we advanced about 200 yards through open woods, and then about 125 yard through an old field covered with a small undergrowth, to the edge of an open field in front of and about 150 yards distant form the enemy's works. Here we commenced firing, and continued to fire for at least and hour before I discord that we had no regiment on our right and could see none on our left, and that, so far as I could ascertain, ours was the only regiment that had advanced as far as the open field.

About this time the Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment came up form the rear to our assistance, when we again commenced advancing; but this regiment, firing one volley, retired from the field, leaving its flag behind, the color bearer having been killed. Private J. J. Alexander, Company H, of this regiment, went out under a heavy fire recovered, and brought off the flag, and, when this regiment fell back, returned it to them. After the Fifteenth Tennessee left us we remained about half an hour, when, finding that we were supported neither in flank nor rear, and that over two-thirds of my men had already fallen, and seeing that the enemy was preparing to advance upon me, I withdrew (Major McGaughy having fallen) what remained of the regiment and fell back to the line from which we advanced in the morning, where I found the rest of Wood's brigade and formed with it. The brigade being formed, we again advanced to the support of Polk's brigade, which was then engaging the enemy, but were not again in the fight.

I am proud to say that in the engagement on Sunday (20th) there was no confusion in the regiment, and that both officers and men (with the exceptions hereafter reported), though subjected to almost galling fire from both artillery and small-arms, behaved in the most gallant manner, several receiving as many as four and five wounds before leaving the field; others, after having fired their last round of ammunition, remained in line until ordered to retreat. Captain Archer, Company G, and Sergeant Scruggs, Company I, failed to go into the engagement on Sunday, and were absent from their companies until after the close of the battle.

I would be pleased to mention several officers and men who behaved with distinguished gallantry, but cannot do so without possibly neglecting some, and will close by saying that the regiment, both officers and men (with above-mentioned exceptions), gave the most perfect satisfaction, and, under the circumstances, did all that men could do.

In our loss of 25 killed and 218 wounded is embraced the loss of several of our most gallant and chivalrous officers and the best soldiers of the regiment.

In this connection, I may be permitted to allude particularly to the noble bearing and fearlessness in discharge of duty of First Lieutenant

