
Isaac C. Madding, Company B; Second Lieutenant Robert H. Cherry, Company I, First Lieutenant G. W. W. Jones, Company G; Second Lieutenant John D. Oglesby, Company F, and our gallant commander, Major J. H. McGaughy, all of whom (except the last mentioned, who lies dangerously wounded) fill patriots' graves on the banks of the Chickamauga.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant.

F. A. ASHFORD,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 280.

Report of Colonel Samuel Adams, Thirty-third Alabama Infantry, commanding Thirty-third Alabama and Gibson's Battalion.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD ALABAMA REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part that my command acted in the battle of the Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20:

Mine was the left regiment of Wood's brigade. On my right was the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment; on my left was Deshler's brigade. Between sundown and dark on the evening of the 19th, I deployed, in accordance with an order from Brigadier-General Wood, a company of skirmishers (Captain Hammett's company) about 150 yards distant, covering my front and connecting with a similar line in front of Sixteenth Alabama Regiment. Very shortly after this line was formed I received an order from Brigadier-General Wood, delivered by Captain Palmer, assistant adjutant-general on his staff, to move my regiment forward and keep in line with the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment. Captain Palmer also stated to me that it was Major-General Cleburne's order that if a battery of the enemy should appear in my front I should immediately charge and take it. Jackson's brigade was in line of battle in front of and about 100 yards from my line of skirmishers.

After my skirmishers had passed Jackson's brigade about 75 yards, they engaged the skirmishers of the enemy and immediately drove them back. After my regiment had passed this point about 75 yards it engaged the enemy's main line. At this point the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment halted. I also halted my regiment. After remaining in this position for a very short time-not more, I think, than ten minutes-I moved my regiment forward and the enemy fell back before it. After moving forward 175 or 200 yards I halted my regiment. At this point Deshler's brigade lapped my regiment by about two companies. I had lost my connection with the regiment on my right. A part of Jackson's brigade had followed closely in my rear and was firing. It was now so dark that his object could be distinguished but a very short distance. My reason for halting was to rectify my line and to avoid being fired into by the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment on my right and Jackson's brigade in my rear. Shortly after halting I perceived from the flash of the arms that

