
In this engagement I lost 16 killed and 133 [wounded].

About an hour before sundown I was ordered by Brigadier-General Wood to support Semple's battery. In this position I remained until dark, and during this time I was not under fire.

In both of these engagements both my men and officers, with a few exceptions, acted well. Some, both of officers and men, acted very gallantly.

I desire to mention the names of Captain Dodson, Company C, and Captain Hammett, Company D, among those who were most distinguished for coolness and bravery.

The adjutant of my regiment (A. M. Moore) was killed on the 19th,, and Major J. H. Gibson, Gibson's battalion, was mortally wounded on 20th, and has since died. Both of these were brave and efficient officers, and in their death the country has sustained much loss. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. ADAMS,

Colonel, Comdg. 33rd Alabama Regt. and Gibson's Batt.

[Captain] O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 281.

Report of Colonel E. B. Breedlove, Forty-fifth Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-FIFTH REGIMENT ALABAMA VOLS.

Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagements of September 19 and 20:

On the morning of the 19th, this regiment moved, with the brigade

from its bivouac of the night before, and after marching about 10 miles was halted and drawn up in line in rear of Walthall's brigade. It remained halted until about sundown, when I was ordered to advance and to be governed by the movements of the Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiments, immediately upon my right. I had advanced about one-quarter of a mile when my skirmishers became engaged with those of the enemy. The enemy's skirmishers were driven back through an open field between their line and mine, their line being just across the fence, protected by temporary defenses thrown up along the line of the fence. I had advanced about half way through the open field when their line and battery opened a fire upon my advancing line. I continued to advance until the left of my line reached and crossed the fence behind which the enemy were posted. I had instructed Lieutenant-Colonel Lampley to remain on the extreme right of the regiment, and give whatever commands were necessary to preserve the alignment with the regiment on my right. Colonel Lampley, discovering that our line was about 75 yards in advance of the regiment on the right, and that that regiment, mistaking us for the enemy, fired into the right of my regiment (it being too dark to distinguish between friend and foe), ordered a halt. The left of the regiment, not hearing the command to halt, continued to advance until it discovered that the right of the regiment had halted, when it fell back on a line with the

