
right. About this time Calvert's battery took position in my line and opened fire on the enemy. My line remained in its position until the firing of the battery had ceased, when the line being ordered forward, I advanced in line with the regiment on my right about one-quarter of a mile beyond the fence, where the brigade halted in line of battle for the balance of the night.

About 9 o'clock on Sunday morning the brigade was again ordered to advance, and I was ordered to be governed by the movements of the regiment on my right (Colonel Lowrey's). We had advanced about three-quarters of a mile, when we encountered the enemy in a position naturally strong and strengthened by fortifications. Having ascended the hill in front of and about 400 yards from the enemy,, the right of the brigade was checked by a heavy fire from artillery and infantry. I ordered my regiment to lie down in line with Colonel Lowrey's regiment,on the right. Semple's battery came up in a few minutes in line with my regiment and opened fire on the enemy. The enemy's line changed perpendicularly to the rear nearly opposite to Colonel Lowrey's left, so that he could not be seen from my position, though I was exposed to a heavy fire of artillery and long-range guns. My men had been strictly charged not to fire without orders, and then only when they could see the foe. They were not ordered to fire and did not.

After the expiration of half an hour, more or less, observing a line on my left falling back, I went to my right and told Colonel Lampley to tell Colonel Lowrey that the left was falling back. He told one of Colonel Lowrey's officers to deliver this message, and returned to his position. The battery having ceased to fire, and supposing the right and left of the brigade to have retired, I ordered the regiment to retreat; but discovering at once that the battery was not leaving, I halted my command, and returned to my former position, determined to support the battery to the last. Lieutenant-Colonel Lampley, with a part of the two right companies, not being able to hear my command to halt, and unable to see that the balance of the command had stopped, fell back on a line with Colonel Lowrey.

About this time the line on my left was seen returning, and proved to be General Deshler's brigade, which I had supposed was the Sixteenth and Thirty-third Alabama regiments. General [Deshler] came up and took position immediately in my rear, then retired 30 or 40 paces, until ordered forward by Major-General Cleburne. He advanced his line about the same distance in front of me and on my right. About this time one of General Wood's staff officers came and informed me that the Sixteenth and Thirty-third Alabama Regiments were in advance, about 100 yards, and that I must move up on a line with them. I told the officer to inform the general of General [Deshler's] position and orders. He sent me word to wait until General [Deshler] advanced, and then to move forward to join the Sixteenth and Thirty-third. He (General Wood) afterward sent another officer to order me forward at once. I immediately moved the regiment forward, but when about 30 paces from a line with the Sixteenth Alabama it moved forward, and I continued to advance for 300 or 400 yards without overtaking it, when we were received with a murderous fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry. As far as I could see, the line on my left halted. Though not up with it, I ordered my command to lie down, where it remained until I saw numbers on my left retreating, and I became satisfied that the

