
was all else that could be seen at which to direct our fire, as the enemy's works were constructed over the crest of the next hill. Being disengaged a considerable distance from the left of Polk's brigade, so that a line of infantry much longer than my own poured a direct and cross-fire into my ranks, and a battery only 230 yards in my front all the time pouring grape-shot upon us, made the fire by far the most severe I have ever witnessed.

In a very short time I lost over one-fourth of my command in killed and wounded. Nineteen of my men now sleep in one grave near where the colors stood, all of whom were killed near that spot. I would have caused my men to fall back over the crest of the hill and cease firing, but having had orders to go forward and engage the enemy and none to fall back, I supposed it was my duty to keep up the fire, and that a movement was going on on the enemy's right flank that would soon remove them from their stronghold. When some of my men had expended their 40 rounds of ammunition and others nearly the whole number, the Forty-fifth Alabama, on my left, began to fall back. My men on the left seeing it, began to fall back also. When I saw this, I went in haste to stop the disorderly movement, and while engaged with those who were going to the rear from the left, my whole line fell back in some disorder. I soon rallied them, however, replenished ammunition, and reformed on the left of Polk's brigade, which had also fallen back.

I beg leave to call attention to the fact that the enemy's breastworks made a right angle opposite the left of my regiment, and went several hundred yards in the opposite direction from my line and that during the whole time my command was engaged at that point, the enemy in my front, and for a considerable distance on my right, received no other fire than from my regiment and Major Hawkins' battalion of sharpshooters.

After my line was reformed, as above stated, my command remained quiet and rested until late in the evening. After the severe conflict in the afternoon on our left, when Polk's brigade moved to the right and with Breckinridge's division engaged the enemy, I was again directed to form on Polk's left, which I did. There being no enemy in my immediate front, I was not ordered forward until Polk's brigade had pursued the enemy a considerable distance. Then, by General Polk's request and General Wood's consent, I went forward to the support of Polk's brigade, but before I arrived at the place the firing had ceased.

My regiment, with the exception of a few men, acted with coolness and great gallantry during the whole engagement. The officers did their whole duty.

My loss was 25 killed and 141 wounded. Among the mortally wounded, who have since died, was Major F. C. Karr, of the Thirty-second Mississippi Regiment. He was shot with a Minie ball through his left breast on the morning of the 20th, while faithfully discharging his duty. He was faithful and gallant officer, and had evinced his cool bravery on more than one battle-field. Many of my best men fell. Many who were slightly wounded have since returned to duty, as my report of casualties will show.

Respectfully submitted.

M. P. LOWREY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

