
ion was afterward moved forward through a skirt of woods, in which Walker's and Liddell's commands were lying, to attack the enemy posted in the edge of the woods beyond a field some 300 yards wide,

and commanded by a fence which had been converted into a barricade or breastwork. Major Hotchkiss ordered the batteries to follow in rear of Wood's brigade, it being the center of the division, and we formed line as we advanced through the woods into the field. Here we encountered a hot fire of musketry and artillery as we advanced across the open field, but, covered by the darkness and the ascent, most of the shot passed over us. We were ordered by Major Hotchkiss to forward into battery as we approached the woods, and passed through the Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi, coming into battery at the edge of the woods in front of the Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi, when we opened fire to the front on the line of the enemy, only a short distance from us, guided entirely by the flash of their guns in the darkness. Polk's brigade advanced so rapidly, his right swinging toward the left as it advanced, that it was difficult to distinguish his line from that of the enemy. We were obliged to train our guns farther and farther to the left after each round, and after about 20 rounds the enemy were driven from the field, which was held by the division until we were moved forward, in the morning of the next day.

Shortly after we opened fire Major Hotchkiss was wounded in the battery and left the field. Captain Semple assumed the command of the artillery of the division, thus devolving the command of the battery upon myself.

In this action we had 4 men wounded and several horses killed and wounded.

On Sunday morning I was ordered by Captain Semple, acting chief of artillery, to report to General Wood and to follow the brigade at a distance of about 150 to 200 yards. He informed me that General Wood would send me notice of the advance of the brigade, and also give me notice if it was intended to retire it. The woods and undergrowth were so thick that I had to follow the brigade at about 100 yards to keep it in sight. I followed the brigade, not able to see it at intervals where the woods were very thick, until I arrived at a ridge, under cover of which the Forty-fifth Alabama was lying. Not seeing any other portion of the brigade, I hesitated to advance farther. Just then the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire upon that part of the ridge, and decided my doubt as to the propriety of advancing or of opening fire from that point. They fired canister, and noticing that fact, I knew that their line was not far distant. I could see but one regiment of our own infantry, and thought it imprudent to advance with so feeble a support against a force with the strength of whose line and position I was not acquainted. My pieces had been firing for some time, when, still seeing but one regiment near, and seeing or hearing none in front or in rear, I became uneasy as to the safety of the battery, and having ceased firing, rode forward to find out if any of our troops were in front. In the hollow formed by the ridge upon which my pieces were in position and a smaller one in front, I found the remainder of the brigade, and seeking General Wood desired him to send me word when he intended to advance and when he would retire. This he promised to do, but the brigade moved forward and no notice of its advance was given to me. When it made the attack, I do not know, but upon returning to the battery I saw a column moving toward the rear. Fearing lest it was

