
the brigade, I rode up and discovered it to be Deshler's brigade, which had been upon the left of Wood's, but had failed to get into position. Having ascertained that it was not the brigade to which I was attached, I again opened fire. Deshler's brigade in the meanwhile formed line and moved forward through the battery. Soon after Bate's brigade, of Stewart's division, also moved forward through the battery.

All this time we were keeping up a constant, although slow and deliberate, fire, and maintained the position until Bate's brigade had fallen back, and until the other batteries which had been firing from the same ridge had ceased their fire and withdrawn. Finding that my ammunition would soon be exhausted, I dispatched for more, and just as a fresh supply had been brought up discovered troops behind me moving to the rear. I immediately rode back, and upon inquiry found them to be a portion of Wood's brigade, and, fortunately, seeing the chief of artillery, was ordered by him to limber up my guns and to fall back with the brigade.

Here 10 or 15 of my men were struck, but 6 only reported to the assistant surgeon. The horses were under shelter and only 2 were killed.

I followed in rear of the brigade to the ridge upon which it rested until about 4.30 in the afternoon. The brigade was then again moved forward to the front and the battery followed in rear. The brigade had not formed line of battle when I was ordered by the chief of artillery to take position upon a place previously selected by him. The Thirty-third Alabama, Colonel Adams commanding., was ordered to support us. The position selected for the battery by Captain Semple afforded an enfilading fire upon the battery by Captain Semple afforded and enfilading fire upon the enemy's lines and breastworks. Douglas' battery, of Deshler's brigade, was ordered into position immediately upon our left. Training our pieces to the right, we opened a fire so vigorous that the artillery of the enemy, having their position commanded by our own and unable to change front to return our fire, were compelled to abandon their works. Their infantry was left alone to maintain their position, but were finally driven back as our troops steadily fought their way forward inch by inch. Knowing that our troops were gaining ground, our fire was turned gradually farther and farther toward the left, raking the ground over which they must retreat if defeated, and over which their re-enforcements, if sent to their assistance, must move. Our fire was continued until ordered by Major-General Cleburne, we ceased firing.

It gives me pleasure in this report to make mention of the gallantry and skill and energy displayed by Sergt. W. W. Ball and Corpl. Francis Monihan, and also of Privates John Thomas, a regularly enlisted member of the battery, and William G. Beaver, a detailed man from the Forty-fifth Mississippi. Both of these, by the energy and spirit displayed by them, greatly inspirited the rest of the command.

Very respectfully,

R. W. GOLDTHWAITE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Semple's Battery.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Asst., Adjt. General, Wood's Brigade, Cleburne's Division.

