
Numbers 285.

Report of Brigadier General, Lucius E. Polk, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S BRIGADE,Before Chattanooga, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade (composed of the following regiments from left to right: Third and Fifth Confederate, commanded by Colonel J. A. Smith; First Arkansas, commanded by Colonel J. W. Colquitt; Second Tennessee, commanded by Colonel W. D. Robinson; Forty-eighth Tennessee, commanded by Colonel G. H. Nixon, and Thirty-fifth Tennessee, commanded by Colonel B. J. Hill, and Calvert's battery, commanded by Lieutenant T. J. Key) in the battle of September 19 and 20, on Chickamauga Creek:

Saturday morning (September 19), my brigade rested in line of battle on the right of Cleburne's division, which formed the extreme left of the Army of Tennessee.

About 1 p.m. I received orders to move in the direction of the right of the army. The necessary orders were immediately given and my brigade commenced moving on was placed in position some 300 yards in rear of Liddell's division, on the extreme right of the army. The other brigades of Cleburne's division following were placed in position on the prolongation of my left. In this move, some 8 miles from the left to the right of the army, although expeditiously performed, some hours were taken.

About 5.30 p.m. I received orders from General Cleburne to move my brigade forward, to pass over Liddell's division, in our front, and engage and drive the enemy before us. My brigade was immediately moved forward, and having passed Liddell's division some 200 yards, encountered the enemy strongly posted on the side of a hill with temporary breastworks, who immediately opened a destructive fire of grape, canister, and small-arms upon the left of my line, which for a moment caused a delay in my advance. The right of the brigade overlapping their line, and finding little resistance in their front, wheeled to the left and took the enemy in the flank. At the same time two batteries of artillery (Semple's and Key's), having been ordered up by General Cleburne between Wood's and my brigades, opened at short range upon the enemy. Their lines gave way and they fell back in great confusion. We continued to press them till nearly 9 o'clock, when,. there being some danger of firing into our own men, we were ordered to halt and rectify our lines. This ended the contest for the night, most of the fighting having been done since dark.

In this engagement we drove the enemy some mile and a quarter, captured over 50 prisoners and 3 pieces of artillery and same number of caissons.

The loss of the brigade, considering the heavy musketry, was light, not being over 60 men killed and wounded.

We rested in line of battle the remainder of the night, with a strong line of skirmishers thrown some 400 yards in front.

Sunday morning (the 20th), our provision wagons were brought up and the men permitted to eat their breakfast, having been without anything to eat for twenty-four hours. My brigade was again

