
ordered forward, commencing to move about 9 o'clock, General Breckinridge having placed his line upon the prolongation of my right, with two batteries of artillery between the right of my brigade and left of his division. Owing to some mistake, I did not receive the order to advance until a few moments after General Breckinridge's division had been put in motion. Immediately upon the order being received, I moved my brigade forward, obliquing slightly to the right, so as to keep my right connected with General Breckinridge's left. The enemy's fortifications running off at right angles to the rear of their lines opposite the right of my brigade, I was not able to recover my immediate connection with his left before I encountered the enemy strongly posted in a strong line of fortifications on the crest of a hill. My line from right to left soon became furiously engaged, the enemy pouring a most destructive fire of canister and musketry into my advancing line-so terrible, indeed, that my line could not advance in the face of it, but lying down, partially protected by the crest of a hill, we continued the fight some hour and a half. Wood's brigade not promptly supporting me upon the left, it was impossible to charge their breastworks. My ammunition becoming exhausted, by orders, I fell back some 400 yards, leaving a line of skirmishers in my front to oppose the advance of the enemy until my ammunition could be replenished. The enemy were too much hurt to advance; were well satisfied to hold their works. I remained in this position some hours.

In this engagement my loss was very great, amounting to some 350 killed and wounded, among the number Captain W. J. Morris, of Third and Fifth Confederate Regiment, a brave and worthy officer. Captain McKnight, of the Second Tennessee Regiment, also fell in this engagement in the faithful discharge of his duties. Major Driver, of the Second Tennessee, received a most painful and serious wound in the head. Adjutant Greenwood, of First Arkansas, one of the best and most gallant officers in the army, fell mortally wounded. Here also my inspector-general (Captain Hugh S. Otey), a brave and faithful officer, was mortally wounded by a cannon ball, from effects of which he died a few days after.

My brigade remained here until about 4 p.m., when I was ordered by General Cleburne to advance and take up my position on the left of Brigadier-General Jackson. Arriving in this position, I found General Jackson's line advancing. Partially wheeling my brigade to the left, I immediately advanced with Jackson's brigade, and again encountered the enemy behind their breastworks, some 500 yards to the right of where I engaged them in the morning. Again I was met by a terrible volley of grape, canister, and small-arms, which caused a temporary halt. Ordering Lieutenant Key to bring up his battery beneath the crest of the ridge where my line of battle was fighting, he replied his horses could not live a moment under such a fire. I then ordered him to bring the pieces by hand, and, assisted by some volunteers from the brigade, succeeded in doing so, and opened upon their breastworks with double charges of canister a distance of less than 200 yards. Observing at this time that the enemy's line wavered, I immediately ordered a charge, and at 4.30 o'clock succeeded in getting possession of their first line of works, taking more than 200 prisoners-all of them regulars. The enemy fell back in some confusion to his second line and again made a stand.

About this time some batteries of artillery, which General Cleburne

12 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

