
had massed on a hill upon my left, poured so destructive a fire upon the columns coming up to support the troops in the breastworks that, finding that their supports had been driven back, they gave

way and retired in great confusion from their second line of breastworks, and did not stop a moment in their third line. I moved my brigade rapidly forward and pursued them across the Chattanooga road, reaching the road a little before dark. At this time the firing had stopped everywhere, and the army of Rosecrans was in rapid and disorderly retreat toward Chattanooga.

In this engagement my loss, though not a heavy as in the morning, was heavy, losing nearly 200 men. It was here that Captain Beard, of Third and Fifth Confederate Regiments, and Captain George Moore, of same regiment, both gallant officers, met their death. Here also Captain Alfred C. Hockersmith and Lieutenant A. J. Pitner, of the First Arkansas Regiment, were seriously wounded. Many other true and brave men also fell here.

During the entire fight the men and officers of my brigade acted well.

Among the officers who most distinguished themselves at the battle of Chickamauga, I must mention the name of Colonel B. J. Hill, Thirty-fifth Tennessee Regiment. Upon every field in the west, from Shiloh to Chickamauga, this officer has acted with conspicuous courage and coolness. I earnestly recommend his name for promotion.

Colonel Smith, of Third and Fifth Confederate Regiments, acted with his usual courage and sill. He has since been promoted. Promotion could not have fallen upon one more worthy.

Colonel Robinson, Colonel Colqueitt, Colonel Nixon, Lieutenant-Colonel Hale, and Major Person, all deserve well of their country. I respectfully refer you to reports of regimental commanders for other names distinguished for gallantry.

I here return my thanks to Captain W. A. King, my assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Schell for efficient service rendered upon the field.

A full list of the casualties in my brigade has already been sent forward.

Respectfully,

L. E. POLK,

Brigadier-General.

Captain IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cleburne's Division.

Numbers 286.

Report of Colonel John W. Colquitt, First Arkansas Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGT. ARK. VOL. INFTY.,

Before Chattanooga, October 6, 1863

SIR: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Chickamauga:

About 10 o'clock Friday, September 18, my regiment formed in line of battle on the left wing of the army, and remained there until

