
about 11 o'clock Saturday, 19th, when we moved to the extreme right wing, where there had been heavy skirmishing and some hard fighting since 9 o'clock in the morning. Liddell's and Cheatham's divisions had during the whole day been contending for the ground, but without success. Our division (Cleburne's) formed in line and moved forward about dark, passing over Liddell's division. Our skirmishers, who were a short distance in advance, soon began a rapid fire, and in a few moments we found the enemy immediately confronting us. We poured into his ranks a spirited fire, before which he quailed and soon began to retire. We continued to move forward until ordered so halt, when we found ourselves some half mile in advance of where our line was first formed. We here established our lines, threw out pickets, and bivouacked for the night. We had thus far captured 1 piece of artillery and many prisoners, who were so eager to surrender and escape our galling fire that they ran through our lines and passed on to the rear, the men taking little notice of them.

We rose early on the next morning (Sunday, 20th), expecting to advance immediately, but received no orders to do so until about 9 o'clock, when we moved forward and soon engaged the enemy, who were posted behind the breastworks which they had been preparing the continued and terrific fire upon them, once or twice causing their fire to become very weak, and had we been supported upon the left, could have carried their works by a charge. Our ammunition was at last expended, and we were ordered to go to the rear and get a new supply while a brigade of fresh troops occupied our position. We were engaged somewhat more than two hours.

We then rested until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when we moved forward again and encountered the enemy about 400 yards to the right of our former position. We immediately began a rapid fire, which was kept up about half an hour, when, the enemy appearing to waver, we rushed with a shout to the charge and drove him from his fortified position. He fell back to another line of breastworks hastily constructed of rails and made an attempt to check our advance, but it was of no avail. After giving him a destructive fire of a few moments, we again moved forward and drove the enemy in the utmost confusion from this second stronghold. Many of them came running toward us in order to surrender before our galling fire should cut them down. We then moved forward to the Chattanooga and La Fayette road and bivouacked for the night, the enemy having totally disappeared.

During the entire engagement the officers and men acted with unsurpassed coolness and courage. Adjutant Greenwood, who fell mortally wounded, was conspicuous for his deeds of daring and officer-like deportment.

Acts of gallantry less striking then were here displayed have brightened the page of history and given undying renown to those who performed them.

My regiment captured 95 prisoners and lost 13 killed, 180 wounded, and 1 missing. Entered engagement with 430 officers and men.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNumbers W. COLQUITT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. A. KING,

Asst., Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Polk's Brigade.

