
Among the survivors conspicuous for their gallantry and good conduct I would mention Major R. J. Person, Captain M. H. Dixon, Adjt. M. M. Smith, and Liuet. O. H. Smith.

A list of the killed, wounded, and missing has already been furnished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SMITH

Colonel, Comdg., Third and Fifth Confederate Regts.

Captain W. A. KING.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Polk's Brigade.

No. 288.

Report of Colonel William D. Robinson, Second Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TENN., VOLS.,Missionary Ridge, October 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular dated headquarters Army of Tennessee, October-, 1863, the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers in the battle of Chickamauga, September 18, 19, and 20, is respectfully submitted;

The regiment formed line of battle with the brigade on Friday, the 18th, on the extreme left, where we remained until about 11 o'clock Saturday, the 19th, when we were ordered to the right. Formed line of battle Saturday evening about sundown on the extreme right and advanced on the enemy. Drove him form his position and bivouacked for the night on the ground formerly occupied by him.

In the engagement that night the regiment captured 1 piece of artillery and 19 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 adjutant, and 1 lieutenant.

Lost 5 men and 1 lieutenant wounded.

Sunday (20th), formed line of battle early in the morning and commenced the advance on the enemy's fortification. After some very hard fighting, we were compelled to fall back for want of ammunition, which having been supplied we again advanced farther on the right, where, after severe fighting, we succeeded in gaining the enemy's works, capturing a great many prisoners.

The casualties of the regiment in the three days' engagement are as follows: Killed, 13; wounded, 145; missing, 1. Total, 159. Entered the engagement with 264 officers and men.

WM. D. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. A. KING.

Numbers 289.

Report of Colonel Benjamin J. Hill, Thirty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH AND FORTY-EIGHTH TENN. REGTS.

Georgetown Mills, October 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by my command (the Thirty-fifth Tennessee Regiment) in the engagements of September 19 and 20, on Chickamauga River:

On Saturday morning, September 19, my command moved up to within about 2 miles of Lee and Gordon's Mills, from the direction of La Fayette, on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, in connection with the remainder of the brigade and the division, to support

