
we were ordered back by Captain King, of General Polk's staff, the other regiments of the brigade having retired a few minutes previously. Many of my regiment had already exhausted their ammunition. I retired in good order, the front and rear ranks while

retiring fighting alternately with the enemy. I succeeded in bringing off all my wounded, but left those who were killed on the field. We fell back a distance of about half a mile, when we rested and replenished our ammunition.

Captain Mitchell's company, being on the right and in a more exposed position, suffered more severely than the remainder of the regiment, and I must here add that, notwithstanding it was the first engagement in which his command had participated, both he and his company displayed much courage and gallantry.

Our loss here, as well as that of the whole brigade, was very severe, fighting the enemy, as we did, not more than 70 yards from his breastworks.

Between 3 and 4 p.m. the command was again called to attention, and moved by the right flank in order to connect with General Jackson's left. Skirmishers were immediately thrown out in advance and a forward movement commenced. Their skirmishers were soon driven in, when we aging became generally and fiercely engaged, they still holding the strong position in which we had engaged them in the morning. They at this point poured into us a most destructive fire from artillery and small-arms, which broke our lines, driving our men back about 100 yards, and a complete rout for a time seemed inevitable. I, however, with the aid of General Polk, Captain King, and the officers of my regiment, succeeded in rallying the men, and having reformed our line moved forward to renew the attack. After advancing to the brow of the hill, which was immediately in front of us, I discovered that the regiment composing the left of General Jackson's command was considerably in our rear. I also discovered that Calvert's battery, in our rear, was not engaged, since, owing to the nature of the ground, it was impossible for our artillery to render my efficient service from any position in rear of our line of battle. The enemy's artillery was playing most destructively upon our ranks, where upon I suggested to Lieutenant Key, commanding our battery, to plant one section upon the crest of the hill, to which position I ordered it rolled by men from my command as well as from the other regiments composing the brigade.

This artillery did noble service in helping dislodge the enemy from his first line of fortifications, dealing out destruction at every discharge. They did noble service until they exhausted their ammunition. During the progress of this artillery duel, my negro boy having failed to bring up my sword, I took a pole or club and with this drove up officers and men of my own command who were shielding themselves behind trees, as well as those on the left of the left regiment of Jackson's brigade. As soon as Lieutenant Key had exhausted all his ammunition, we moved forward some 150 yards. Here General Polk informed me that Colonel Colquitt, commanding the First Arkansas,, had taken possession of the enemy's first line of fortifications and was out of ammunition, and for me to furnish him

as far as possible, stating that he wished me to hold the position I then occupied, and also Colonel Colquitt to hold highs until we were relieved by General Maney's brigade. General Polk then rode back to request General Maney to relieve us with fresh troops, when I discovered the enemy wavering in the second line of fortifications and deemed this

