
a favorable moment to advance, which I did in connection with the remainder of the brigade. Before this, however, I had sent Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, of the First Arkansas, to the officer in command of the regiment on Jackson's left, who was still lagging, with instructions to move his command forward. He (the officer just referred to) not responding, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts, of my regiment, to deliver the same instructions. He now moved forward a short distance, but again halted. I then went to him myself, representing myself as General Hill, and told him to advance; that victory was in our grasp. He replied that he was awaiting orders from his brigade commander. I told him that he could retreat without orders, and that he could advance without, and that I took the responsibility of ordering him to do so. His men at this rose up and moved forward gallantly about 300 yards, when they again came to a halt. I again approached him, demanding the cause. He replied that their ammunition was exhausted. Seeing a willingness to advance on the part of the officers and men, I told him that he needed no ammunition, but to fix bayonets and charge, which they cheerfully did.

In the meantime, I had ordered my major to take charge of the prisoners as they arrived, and not allow the men to be running to the rear on the pretext of carrying back prisoners. He (the major) collected and sent to the rear about 75. Just at this juncture Captain Douglas, commanding a Texas battery, came to me, asking if he could be of any service with his battery. I had it placed in position and ordered him to throw three shells into the ranks of the routed enemy intending thereby to add to their confusion and demoralization. They had the intended effect. Just at this time General Breckinridge rode up and requested me not to enfilade his men. I replied that I would not. He immediately passed on to the right. I, taking charge of Colonel Colquitt's horse, rode forward with the brigade to the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, where you will recollect, general, you rode up amid shouts and rejoicing. This closed the day's labor, and we here rested for the night.

My loss in the series of engagements was 7 killed on the field and 54 wounded, out of 215 men.

I have already made this report too long, but cannot, nevertheless, close without speaking a few words in praise and commendation of some of my officers and men.

Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts and Major Deakins did their whole duty in commanding the skirmishers, both day and night and displayed great coolness and courage throughout the entire engagement, or series of engagements.

Captains Newby, Kell, Mitchell, Blair, Alley, Cummings, and Lieutenants Barnes and Cunningham, commanding companies, with Lieutenants Summer, Boydston, Lewis, Mitchell, Masey, Taylor, Richards, Hatfield, Bonner, Haston, Hamrick, Rawlings, and Dyer, all acted well, performing their whole duty, as they had done on many former occasions. In fact, all my officers, with but two exceptions, did themselves great credit, while but few exceptions can be made in the conduct and bearing of my men. They are certainly entitled to a high degree of praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. J. HILL,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-fifth Tennessee Regiment.

Captain W. A. KING, Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Brigade.

