
In this engagement I lost (killed and wounded) many of the bravest and best officers and men of my regiment.

After procuring ammunition and allowing the troops to rest, the brigade was again put in motion, and moved obliquely to the right until the center of the brigade rested in front of the center and main works of the enemy, my regiment occupying the same position in line as above mentioned-on the right of the center. Here the conflict was again renewed-a terrible conflict, with artillery and small-arms; a hand-to-hand fight, lasting for more than one and a half hours, the streams of smoke and fire form the enemy's guns reaching our lines, throwing the missiles of death in every direction; and just at the going down of the sun their works were forced, and the enemy fled in wild confusion in every direction, giving a complete victory to our arms.

In entered the contest Sunday morning with 150 men in my regiment, and had 73 killed and wounded during the day. Aggregate killed and wounded during two days' engagement, 78. A list* is herewith furnished.

The daring and impetuosity of all the officers and men of my regiment are entitled to the highest praise.

I cannot close this report without bringing to your favorable notice the daring conduct of Lieutenant Colonel T. R. Hughs, Captain Lewis Miller (acting major), Captains Carrell, Benham, Lindsey, and Cooper; also Lieutenant Tracy, of Company K, commanding Company I. I am sorry to inform you that Captains Lindsey, Miller, and Benham are seriously wounded.

Too much praise cannot be given to the privates of my regiment. they deserve the highest consideration. They fought like veterans.

Respectfully submitted.

G. H. NIXON,

Colonel, Comdg. Forty-eighth Tennessee Volunteers.

[Captain] W. A. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 291.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas J. Key, Calvert's (Arkansas) battery.

LINE OF BATTLE NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

October 6, 1863.

GENERAL: This battery participated in the battle of Chickamauga on both days of that memorable contest. 1t first went into action about sunset Saturday, the 19th, when General Cleburne's division assailed the enemy's fortifications. General Wood's brigade had fallen back under the heavy fire from the enemy's guns, when I moved up at a trot and let fly the dogs of war into the Yankee ranks, and in a brief period the enemy fled in confusion. Night closed the bloody scene,a nd we slumbered on the victorious field.

In the charge of the same division, Sunday morning I again engaged the enemy, and in the midst of the battle-storm had one howitzer disabled, when the battery was withdrawn, securing the disabled piece. About 5 o'clock the same day General Polk's brigade assailed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

