
fallen chief. He was brave, generous, and kind even to a fault. Ever watchful and careful for the safety of any member of his command, he was ever ready to peril his own. Refusing to permit a staff officers to endanger his life in going to examine the cartridge boxes to see what amount of ammunition his men had, he cheerfully started himself to brave the tempest of death that raged on the crest of the hill. He had gone but little way when he fell-fell as he would wish to fall-in the very center of his brigade, in the midst of the line, between the ranks, and surrounded by the bodies of his fallen comrades. He poured out his own blood upon the spot watered by the best blood of his brigade. Among the host of brave hearts that were offered on the altar of sacrifice for their country on that beautiful Sabbath, there perished not one nobler, braver, or better than his. He lived beloved, and fell lamented and mourned, by every officer and man of his command. He sleeps on the spot where he fell, on the field of his country's victory and glory, surrounded by the bodies of those who stood around him in life and lie around him in death.

A messenger from Colonel Wilke's regiment informed me of the fact soon after General Deshler fell; also that Colonel Wilkes was wounded and not with the regiment. Just at this critical juncture our ammunition was exhausted,a nd no one knew where to get more. I assumed command, and supposing that the enemy would advance as soon as the firing ceased I ordered b bayonets fixed and the cartridge boxes of the wounded and dead to be gathered, and one round from them to be given to each man to load his gun with, and hold his fire in reserve to repel and assault. While this order was being executed Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, who was on the left of my regiment, sent Lieutenant Graham to inform me that the four left companies had not been firing. Being at to great a distance from the enemy, he had the good sense to prevent them from wasting their ammunition unnecessarily. I immediately ordered those four companies to the front on the hill, where the fire was hottest, and ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson to take command of them, and hold the hill at every hazard till I could get ammunition and have it distributed. I soon procured the ammunition and refilled my cartridge boxes.

At this time one of the major-general's staff came to me and informed me that I was ordered to hold the hill on which the brigade was formed; that I was not permitted to advance, and must not retire if it were possible to hold my position. I therefore moved my command at once some 20 or 30 paces to the rear of the crest and on the side of the hill, for cover, leaving a body of sharpshooters behind trees on the top of the hill to keep up afire with the enemy. The enemy's fire soon slackened down to a contest between the skirmishers. At the same time he advanced a line of skirmishers toward the open space between my command and Brigadier-General Polk, on my right. I soon received information form Lieutenant-Colonel Coit, then commanding Wilke's regiment, that the enemy was moving around my right flank in force. I ordered him to throw out a company of flankers and engage them. In less than twenty minutes I was informed that our skirmishers were retiring before the enemy. I immediately ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison to re-enforce the skirmishers with one company form his regiment, which was promptly done. Still hearing of this flank movement, I ordered Captain Kenard, of Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson's regiment, to re-enforce the other two companies with his, take command himself of those com-

