
panies, put his men under good cover, and hold the enemy in check at all hazards. He very promptly moved with his company to the ground, assumed command of the three companies, repulsed the enemy's skirmishers, and held his position without a serious struggle. A straggling fire was kept up between the enemy and my sharpshooters till late in the evening, when the advance of our left wing caused him to abandon his works and take to his heels.

The troops of my command, both officers and men, behaved with the greatest bravery, coolness, and self-possession during the whole engagement. They advanced with a steady step, under heavy fire os shell, canister, and musketry, to their position, and held it with firmness and unwavering fortitude throughout the fight. Texans vied with each other to prove themselves worthy of the fame won by their brothers on other field, and the little handful of Arkansas troops showed themselves worthy to have their names enrolled among the noblest, bravest, and best of their State. It is scarcely possible for them to exhibit higher evidences of courage, patriotism, and pride on any other field. They were not permitted to advance and would not retire, but as brave men and good soldiers they obeyed the orders of their general and held the hill.

Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison, and Major Taylor remained constantly in the line, handled their commands with ability, and conducted themselves gallantly through the entire action.

I most respectfully refer you to the reports of subordinate commanders for particular acts of gallantry, lists of casualties, &amp;c., I feel it my duty, however, to record here the names of Lieutenant Matthew Graham, of Company C, Tenth Texas Regiment, and Private William C. McCann, of Company A, Fifteenth Texas Regiment, as worthy of honorable mention for conduct more than ordinarily gallant on the field. Lieutenant Graham several times wolunteered and insisted on being permitted to carry orders and messages up and down the line, where he was constantly exposed to the thickest fire. His services were highly beneficial to Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, who speaks of him in terms of highest praise. Private McCann was under my own eye. He stood upright, cheerful, and self-possessed in the very hail of deadly missiles; cheered up his comrades around him,a nd after he had expended all his ammunition, gathered up the cartridge boxes of the dead and wounded and distributed them to his comrades. He bore himself like a hero through the entire contest, and fell mortally wounded by the last volleys of the enemy. I promised him during the engagement that I would mention his good conduct, and as he was borne dying from the field he turned his boyish face upon me and, with a light and pleasant smile, reminded me of my promise.

The First Texas Battery, commanded by Captain James P. Douglas, belonging to Deshler's brigade, was not engaged on the 19th.

On the 20th, it followed the brigade as far as the open field covered thickly with felled timber, when finding it impossible

to follow us farther, Captain Douglas moved toward our left flank, and came into another field, where he was exposed to the enemy's fire. He immediately opened fire on Douglas from two of his batteries, killing 1 of his horses and knocking down one of his wheels. He extricated himself form this position, and, by order of Major-General Cleburne took position on the hill with the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Wood and Polk, in rear of my line. He afterward moved down on

