
the right to where Brigadier-General Polk was warmly engaging the enemy; disengaged his horses, and carried his pieces by hand in the very face of the foe. He fired a few rounds at 60 or 80 yards distance form the enemy, advancing his pieces by hands with the line of Brigadier-General Polk's brigade. The enemy were soon routed and fled the field.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed on Captain Douglas and the officers and men of his battery for their gallant conduct. They were not engaged for any considerable length of time, but the very short quarters at which Captain Douglas threw down the gauntlet soon decided the enemy to yield the field to a battery that could charge a brigade of infantry behind their rifle-pits.

Captains J. T. Hearne and B. F. Blackburn, and Lieutenant G. B. Jewell,

of the brigade staff, are entitled to my thanks for promptly reporting to me when Brigadier- General Deshler fell, and for their valuable services rendered to me during the engagement.

The aggregate strength of the brigade, including the battery, on the morning of the 19th, was 1,783. I lost in the fight 52 killed and 366 wounded.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

R. Q. MILLS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cleburne's Division.

Numbers 293.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Hutchison, Nineteenth Arkansas Infantry, commanding Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Arkansas Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH AND TWENTY-FOURTH ARKANSAS,October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Arkansas Infantry at the battle of Chickamauga:

On the evening of the 17th [19th], I received orders form General Deshler to form my regiment in line of battle immediately on the left of Colonel Wilkes, and to conform the movements of my regiment in every respect to that of the regiment on my right. The brigade being formed in order of battle, my regiment occupying the center, the command to move forward was given. After advancing some 500 or 600 yards the regiment on my right opened fire, commencing on the right, which was continued by my regiment, however, without order. There being no indications of an enemy in my immediate front, the firing was stopped as speedily as possible.

During the march 3 Federals were captured by my skirmishers and sent to the rear.

The enemy were soon driven from the field, and we were ordered to fall back some 200 or 300 yards and form line of battle, where we remained until about 8 o'clock on Sunday (20th), when we were again ordered to the front. After advancing about three-quarters of a mile, the enemy opened a destructive fire upon our lines form several batteries in our front. We, however, moved forward without halt-

