
ing until we reached the crest of a hill, about 200 yards in front of the enemy's works. The order was now given to halt, lie down, and commence firing. Here I remained and kept up a continuous fire something over three hours. At length, our ammunition being very nearly exhausted, we were ordered to fall back a short distance under cover of the hill, leaving at the same time a heavy line of skirmishers on the crest of the hill. Up to this time the enemy had poured into my line a continuous and most disastrous fire of musketry, grape, and canister, which frightfully thinned our ranks. Still, there was no disposition shown on the part of either officers or men to shrink form duty. It was here the regiment suffered so severely. It numbered in the aggregate 226. Of this number 8 were killed on the field, including 1 commissioned officer, Lieutenant L. F. Lattimer, of Company B. He was a gallant and efficient officer. There were 97 wounded, 1 missing; making in all, killed, wounded, and missing, 106*. The names of those very slightly wounded and who have since returned to duty are not given in the list of casualties which you will find inclosed.

The regiment, after falling back from the crest of the hill, was not again engaged, and remained during the night on the field.

Respectfully submitted.

A. S. HUTCHINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 19th and 24th Arkansas.

[Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Deshler's Brigade.]

Numbers 294.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas S. Anderson, Sixth Texas Infantry,

commanding Sixth and Tenth Texas Infantry and Fifteenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).
HDQRS. 6TH, 10TH, AND 15TH TEXAS INFANTRY.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Sixth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Regiments Texas Infantry during the engagements of September 19 and 20, at Chickamauga:

I did not assume command of the regiment till near 12 m. on the 20th, at which time the death of Brigadier-General Deshler was made known, and Colonel Mills took command of the brigade; but I had been with the regiment as the second officer in command from the beginning of the fight, and I feel that I will not be going outside of the proper bounds of my report to say that during the whole of the two days' engagement the officers and men of this regiment proved themselves equal to every emergency, and exhibited qualities of cool self-possession and daring courage that would make any commander proud to be called their leader. They moved steadily and without confusion to every post assigned them, and changed direction and position frequently under fire without disorder.

We did not, however, engage the enemy fully till about 10 o'clock Sunday morning, when the brigade arrived in open ground on the crest of a hill about 200 yards in front of the enemy's line of defenses. We held this position till the close of the battle, being from 10 a.m. till 1.30 p.m., under a severe and disastrous fire of shell,
---------------

*Nominal list of casualties reports 1 officer (Lieutenant L. F. Lattimer) and 7 men killed, and 6 officers and 72 men wounded; none missing.

---------------

