
grape, and musketry. We had no orders to advance, and would not and did not retire.

Between 12 and 1 o'clock Brigadier-General Deshler was killed, when Colonel Mills assumed command of the brigade, and the regiment fell to my command.

At about 1.30 the enemy's fire began to slacken, and heavy firing was not afterward resumed by either side. It was in the fight on this hill that nearly all our losses occurred.

The effective total of this regiment on the morning of the 19th was 667; on the morning of the 21st it was 524. Our whole loss was 20 killed, 95 wounded, and 28 missing.

Major V. P. Sanders was distinguished for coolness and courage during the whole of the engagement.

First Lieutenant John A. Willingham, adjutant of the regiment, was conspicuous for conduct well becoming a true soldier. He was prompt and active in the performance of all duties and at all times.

I wish also to mention Lieutenant Matthew Graham, Company C, Tenth Texas Infantry. He was active and daring to such an extent as to attract the attention of all his superior officers and companions. He deserves promotion.

The company commanders, without a single exception, behaved with marked and admirable gallantry. Their names are: Captain J. R. Kennard, Company A; First Lieutenant W. B. Burrus, Company B; Captain W. R. Shannon, Company C; Captain James Selkirk, Company D; Captain J. L. Leonard, Company E; First Lieutenant S. H. Atkins, Company F; Captain Rhoads Fisher, Company G; First Lieutenant R. B. Harvey (who was killed), Company H; Captain J. A. Formwalt, Company I; Captain M. M. Houston, Company K, and Captain L. M. Nutt, of Nutt's company.

Lieutenant Harvey fell at the beginning of the fight while in the very act of forming his men for the first fire. His words of command were coupled with words of encouragement to the men, and such were the last that escaped his lips on that bloody field. The regiment will sincerely mourn his death. He was a true and noble soldier.

Captain Rhoads Fisher, Company G, commanded our skirmishers in the front on Saturday night and to the left of our front on Sunday. He handled and moved them all the time promptly and without a blunder.

The following names of privates who were conspicuous for gallantry have already been forwarded to corps headquarters: Private Charles Hample, Company A, Sixth Texas; Private Robert Smith, Company H, Tenth Texas; Private Harvey Cox, Company H, Sixth Texas; Private John R. Dunnegan, Company E, Sixth Texas, and Private E. L. Wright, Company I, Fifteenth Texas. Many others,-non-commissioned officers and privates-exhibited noted courage and intrepidity, and I regret that every one of their names cannot be written upon the roll of their country's imperishable heroes.

I herewith submit a complete list* of casualties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. SCOTT ANDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 6th, 10th and 15th Texas Infantry.

Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Deshler's Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

