
dishonorable exceptions already reported, displayed remarkable gallantry. Major Taylor, now in command of the regiment, and who was with it during the entire action of the 19th and 20th, will add to this a supplemental report.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. C. WILKES,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 296.

Report of Major William A. Taylor, Twenty-fourth Texas Cavalry,

commanding Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).

[OCTOBER 6, 1863]

SIR: Being upon the right of the regiment at the time Colonel Wilkes was wounded, I was ordered by General Deshler to move the regiment by the right flank. After proceeding about 300 yards, I was ordered by General Cleburne to front and advance, which I did immediately. The regiment met a regiment of General Wood's brigade retreating from before the enemy (opening our lines to give it egress), and then closing up again, advancing steadily to the crest of the hill immediately in front of the enemy's breastworks, the enemy hastily retiring from before them. Upon arriving at the crest of the hill, we were ordered to halt. It was here the regiment suffered terribly, losing about 200 in killed and wounded, and remained undaunted for three or four hours under a galling and continuous fire of grape, canister, and small-arms until it was ordered order, still keeping a line of sharpshooters near the crest of the hill. Soon after the regiment assumed its new position, it was discovered that the enemy's skirmishers were flanking us on the right. Immediately upon discovering this movement of the enemy I ordered a company out as skirmishers to drive them back, which was done effectually. In a short time the enemy was routed, and the regiment was ordered to bivouac upon the field from which the enemy had been driven.

Respectfully submitted.

W. A. TAYLOR,

Major, 17th, 18th, 24th, and 25th Regts. Texas Cav.

Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 297.

Report of Captain James P. Douglas, Texas battery.

HEADQUARTERS DOUGLAS' BATTERY

October 6, 1863.

SIR: It is made my duty to submit the following report of the part performed by my battery in the battle of Chickamauga, fought September 19 and 20:

The brigade (Deshler's) having arrived on the field and in posi-

