
the enemy began to yield. General Cleburne ordered me to cease firing, and carried my battery to the right and front, where Polk's brigade was closely engaged with the enemy and about to again the works. Under the directions of Brigadier-General Polk, I unlimbered a section of my battery within 80 yards of the breastworks and fired a few rounds, when I advanced one piece to the top of the hill along with the infantry and opened. The enemy soon fled in disorder or surrendered. I pushed forward with one piece as far as the Chattanooga road, when I was ordered to halt. I brought up the other pieces of my battery and bivouacked for the night.

My loss in the engagement was slight, having but 1 man disabled so as to require his leaving the field. Others were slightly hurt.

Two horses killed and one gun carriage disabled.

My officers and men acted with their usual coolness.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES P. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Deshler's Brigade.

Numbers 298.

Report of Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, HILL'S CORPS,October-, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of my division in the battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20 last.

It was composed of the Second, Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky, and Forty-first Alabama Regiments, with Cobb's battery, under the command of Brigadier General B. H. Helm; the Thirteenth, Twentieth, Sixteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Nineteenth Louisiana, Thirty-second Alabama, and Austin's battalion of sharpshooters, with Slocomb's battery (Fifth [Company] Washington Artillery), under the command of Brigadier General Daniel W. Adams; the First, Third, and Fourth Florida, Forty-seventh Georgia,a nd Sixtieth North Carolina Regiments, with Mebane's battery, under the command of Brigadier General M. A. Stovall.

My effective strength was, of enlisted men, 3,395; total 3,769.

At daylight of the 18th, my command moved from Catlett's Gap and that neighborhood in the Pigeon Mountain, and the same afternoon took position on the east bank of the Chickamauga, near Glass'Mill, and composed the extreme left of the infantry of the army. I immediately threw the Second Kentucky across the ford to skirmish with the enemy and reveal his position, the Sixth Kentucky being placed in close supporting distance at the mill. Adams' brigade was sent, by order of Lieutenant-General Hill, to a ford a mile and a half above, where the enemy, as the cavalry reported, threatened to cross. It was so late when these dispositions were made that nothing satisfactory was developed that night.

On the morning of the 19th, Slocomb, with four guns, Cobb with two, and the remainder of Helm's brigade were moved across Glass' Ford, to ascertain the position of the enemy, while the two rifled pieces of Slocomb's battery, under Lieutenant Vaught, took position on a bluff upon the east side of the stream. An artillery engagement ensued, much to our advantage, until the enemy, who occupied the

