
better position, brought forward a number of heavy guns and showed the greater weight of metal. While the engagement was progressing, I received an order from Lieutenant-General Hill to withdraw my command, if it could be done without too great peril, and take position about 3 miles south of Lee and Gordon's Mills on the road leading from Chattanooga to La Fayette, and so as to cover the approach to that road from Glass' Mill and the ford above, leaving a regiment and section of artillery to observe those crossings. The movement was made in good order, Colonel Dilworth, with the First and Third (consolidated) Florida and a section of Cobb's battery, being left in observation.

Our casualties, which fell upon Slocomb, Cobb, and Helm, were 22 killed and wounded.

The loss of the enemy in killed alone, as shown by an examination of the ground after the 20th, was nearly equal to the sum of our casualties.

Although the enemy was in considerable strength at the fords above referred to, the result showed that it was a covering force to columns passing down the valley to unite with the center and left of his army. Soon after taking up the new position I was ordered to relieve Brigadier General Patton Anderson's division, which was facing the enemy opposite Lee and Gordon's Mills. The troops marched rapidly, yet it was late in the afternoon before this movement was completed. The division was hardly in position when I received an order form the general commanding the army to move to the right, cross the Chickamauga at a point farther down, and occupy a position to be indicated. The division crossed at Alexander's Bridge, and arriving between 10 and 11 o'clock at night at a field about a mile and a half in rear of the right of our line of battle, bivouacked there by order of Lieutenant-General Polk. Remaining some time at Lieutenant-General Polk's camp fire, I left there two hours before daylight the 20th, to place my command in position.

During the night, General Polk informed me that I was to prolong the line of battle upon the right of Major-General Cleburne. Conducted by Major [Calhoun Benham?], of his staff,a nd Lieutenant Reid, aide-de-camp to General Hill, my division reached Cleburne's right a little after daybreak. Upon the readjustment of his line, I formed on his right and became the extreme right of the general line of battle. Helm was on the left of my line, Stovall in the center, and Adams on the right, the last extending across a country road leading from Reed's Bridge and striking the Chattanooga road at a place called Glenn's farm. The country was wooded with small openings, and the ground unknown to me. Our skirmishers, a few hundred yards in advance, confronted those of the enemy. Our line was supposed to be parallel to the Chattanooga road.

Soon after sunrise I received a not from Lieutenant-General Polk directing me to advancer, and about the same time Major-General Cleburne, who happened to be with me, received one of the same tenor. Lieutenant-General Hill having arrived, the notes were placed in his hands. By his order the movement was delayed for the troops to get their rations, and on other accounts.

Dilworth, who had been relieved by a cavalry force late the preceding evening, and who had marched all night, now arrived and took his place in line. At 9.30 a.m., by order of Lieutenant-General Hill, I moved my division forward in search of the enemy. At

