
works. The first line was routed, but it was found impossible to break the second, aided as it was by artillery, and after a sanguinary contest which reflected high honor on the brigade, it was forced back in some confusion. Here General Adams, who is as remarkable for his judgment on the field as for his courage, was severely wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy.

Among the casualties, Lieutenant-Colonel Turner, of the Nineteenth Louisiana, was wounded, and the gallant Major Butler, of the same regiment, was killed.

Stovall had gained a point beyond the angle of the enemy's main line of works. Adams had advanced still farther, being actually in rear of his intrenchments. A good supporting line to my division at this moment would probably have produced decisive results. As it was, the engagement on our right had inflicted on the enemy heavy losses and compelled him to weaken other parts of his line to hold his vital point. Adams' brigade reformed behind Slocomb's battery, which repulsed the enemy by a rapid and well-directed fire, rendering on this occasion important and distinguished service. By order of Lieutenant-General Hill, my division was withdrawn a short distance to recruit, while the troops of Major-General Walker engaged the enemy. My new line was about 600 yards in advance of the position on which I first formed in the morning, with a slight change of direction, which brought my right relatively nearer to the Chattanooga road.

Soon after taking this position an attack was reported on our right flank. It proved to be Granger's corps coming up from Rossville and threatening our right with a part of his force. At the request of Brigadier-General Forrest, I sent him a section of Cobb's battery, under the command of Lieutenant Gracey, who assisted handsomely in repelling the enemy. At the request of the brigade commanders, the artillery of the division had been ordered to report to the brigades with which they were accustomed to serve. Cobb's battery, from the nature of the ground, could not participate to its accustomed extent, yet as opportunity offered it displayed its accustomed gallantry. The excellent battery of Captain Mebane, for the same reason, was able to take little part in the action.

The afternoon was waning, and the enemy still obstinately confronted us in his intrenchments. I received permission from Lieutenant-General Hill to make another charge. A line of troops on my right and covering a part of my front advanced at the same time. A portion of these troops obliqued to the right, and my line passed through the rest, who seemed to be out of ammunition, so that after moving a few hundred yards the enemy alone was in my front. The division advanced with intrepidity under a severe fire and dashed over the left of the intrenchments. In passing them I saw on my left the right of Major-General Cleburne, whose brave division stormed the center. Several hundred of the enemy ran through our lines to the rear. The rest were pursued several hundred yards and beyond the Chattanooga road. Of these some were killed and a good many taken prisoners, but most of them escaped in the darkness. It was now night. Pursuit was stopped by order of General Hill, and throwing out pickets, I bivouacked in line near the road.

The prisoners taken by my command during the day, of whom there was a considerable number, were allowed to go to the rear, since details could not be spared for them, and it was known they would be gathered up there. The division captured 9 pieces of artillery. I am aware that it is usually the whole army (not a part of it) that

