
takes guns from the enemy, and that often the troops who obtain possession of them owe their good fortune quite as much to fire from the right and left as to their own efforts; yet I think it due to my command to say that in regard to 6 at least of these guns such considerations do not apply, and that they were taken without assistance from any other troops.

My total casualties, as shown by official reports, amounted to 1,240, of which number 166 were killed, 909 wounded, and 165 missing.

To Brigadier-General Stovall, to Colonel Lewis, who succeeded to the command of Helm's brigade, and to Colonel R. L. Gibson, who succeeded to the command of Adams' brigade, the country is indebted for the courage and skill with which they discharged their arduous duties.

The officers and men of the division, with exceptions so rare as to place in striking contrast to them the general good conduct, sustained their former reputation and were alike worthy of each other.

To the gentleman of my staff, I feel sincere gratitude for the prompt, fearless, and cheerful manner in which they discharged their duties. Major Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel von Zinken, assistant inspector-general, who had 2 horses shot under him; Captain Mastin, assistant inspector-general, who received a confusion from a grape-shot; Lieutenant Breckinridge, aide-de-camp, whose horse was shot; Captain Semple, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Bertus, Twentieth Louisiana, acting assistant inspector-general; Dr. Heustis, chief surgeon; Dr. Kratz, on duty in the field, and Messrs. McGehee, Coleman, Mitchell, and Clay, volunteers on my staff, performed their duties in a manner to command my confidence and regard.

One member of my staff I cannot thank. Major R. E. Graves, chief of artillery, received a mortal wound in the action of Sunday, the 20th. Although a very young man, he had won eminence in arms, and he gave promise of the highest distinction. A truer friend, a purer patriot, a better soldier never lived.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Army Confederate States.

Lieutenant Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A D D E N D A.

Abstract from report of guns engaged, ammunition expended, &amp;c., in artillery of Breckinridge's division at the battle of Chickamauga.*

 Batteries	 Cobb's	 Mebane's	 Slocomb's	 Total

 12-pounder	 4	 ---	 4	 8

 Napoleons

Guns	 James	 ---	 ---	 2	 2

engag	 rifles

ed

 12-pounder	 ---	 4	 ---	 4

 howitzers

 Rounds of	 144	 76	 682	 902

 ammunition

 expended

 Officer	 ---	 ---	 1	 1

 killed

 Men killed	 3	 ---	 10	 13

Casua	 Officers	 2	 ---	 ---	 2

lties	 wounded

 Men	 5	 1	 22	 28

 wounded

 Horses	 2	 2	 14	 18

 killed

 Horses	 3	 6	 6	 15

 wounded

---------------

*Original signed by Captain Robert Cobb, acting chief of artillery.

---------------

