
tion of the command, with but a momentary halt and no hesitation, steadily drove the enemy back to within 100 yards of the Chattanooga road, where I discovered a battery of two Napoleon guns 50 yards beyond the road. Here I also discovered for the first time what the thicker growth of timber had prevented me from before observing, that the left of the brigade was considerably in rear. Neither a halt nor retreat at this juncture was, in my judgment, proper or allowable; so the command was give to take the battery, and it was done.

Soon after crossing the road, Captain McCawley, of Brigadier-General Helm's staff, informed me that the general had been mortally wounded near the position occupied by the left of the brigade.

The right not then being under fire, I left it in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Cofer, and started on Captain McCawley's horse to where the other portion of the brigade was. I encountered considerable difficulty in reuniting the brigade on account of the distance apart and the want of staff aid, having no one with me but Captain Hewitt, and not him immediately, on account of the loss of his horse.

Although not personally cognizant of the behavior of the left of the brigade previous to assuming command, yet I am warranted by information of an entirely satisfactory kind in speaking of it. Justice to the living and affectionate memory to the dad make it a duty and a pleasure to allude to their conduct in terms of praise.

After advancing about 400 yards, they encountered a heavy musketry and artillery fire in front, and also an enfilading fire from the left, which the failure of the command on their left to advance simultaneously with Breckinridge's division enabled the enemy to pour into their ranks. Besides, I am satisfied they were subjected to a fire on their right from the two pieces subsequently captured by the right of the brigade; yet three several times this devoted little band charged the enemy, securely fortified and in a favorable position. Though necessarily repulsed, their frightful loss shows their constancy and bravery.

Here the kind, pure, brave Brig. General B. H. Helm was mortally wounded, heroically doing his duty. Lieutenant Colonel James W. Hewitt, in advance of his regiment and showing a devotion and daring entitled to the highest commendation, was killed. Colonel Caldwell was severely wounded, as usual in his place nobly doing his duty.

Robert C. Anderson, color-sergeant, Second Kentucky, was killed upon the enemy's works after having planted his colors thereon. Here, also, fell many another officer and soldier, life images of Kentucky's old renown, valiant soldiers, true men. The blood of her sons also attest Alabama's chivalry and manhood.

As soon as I ascertained the exact position of the left, I caused it to be moved by the right flank to the right and in advance of where it then was till the right of the brigade [under Lieutenant-Colonel Cofer] was met, he having recrossed the road, when I formed the brigade in line of battle nearly perpendicular to the road and to the enemy's works. About this time I received orders from Lieutenant-General Hill, through one of his staff, not to advance, but to await the arrival of fresh troops.

In a short time Gist's brigade attacked the enemy, passing through my lines for that purpose, but was driven back. Ector's brigade then advanced, but being unable to drive the enemy from his works, finally fell back, leaving this brigade again to confront the enemy. My men, though a this time nearly exhausted by several hours'

