
fighting, and suffering greatly for water, remained firm, no one leaving his place. After the repulse of the other two brigades, I was ordered to retire several hundred yards to the rear for the purpose of resting the men, which was done in good order and without confusion.

Late in the afternoon Walker's division advanced against the enemy, a portion of it attacking the same point the left of his brigade did in the morning. Being with my command about 400 yards in rear at that time, and out of sight of the combatants, I could not see with what result the attack was made, though a short time thereafter Cheatham's division moved to the attack over the same ground, Wright's brigade, of that division, passing through the lines of this brigade. After some time had elapsed, and it appearing from the firing that no appreciable advantage had been gained, this brigade was moved forward, being on the left of the division.

In advancing it was discovered that the center brigade of the division lapped on mine, making it necessary for me to oblique to the left at least 200 yards. It was also necessary to advance the left more rapidly than the right wing, in order to get on a line parallel with the enemy. Both these difficult movements were executed while marching through the woods without any material derangement of the line, the command moving steadily and unfalteringly forward.

Upon arriving in sight of the enemy's fortifications, the brigade rapidly charged upon them, driving them from their stronghold in confusion toward the Chattanooga road. The pursuit was continued across an open field till the road was reached, when, it being dark, I judged it prudent to halt, which met the approval of Lieutenant-General Hill, who, close after us, immediately came up.

In passing through the fortifications a considerable number of prisoners were captured and sent to the rear. We also captured 2 pieces of artillery in the road, which our rapid pursuit of the enemy prevented them carrying off-1 Napoleon and 1 James rifle. The nature of the ground [woodland] prevented Cobb's battery performing the important part in this action he and his gallant company have so often done and know so well how to do, though in the afternoon one section, under the gallant and faithful Gracey, was placed in position under General Forrest. I refer you to Captain Cobb's report for an account of their behavior on that occasion.

I am not enabled to state the exact number engaged in the actions of the 19th and 20th, but 1,300 is the approximate number of officers and men, including Cobb's battery. The whole number of casualties were 63 killed and 408 wounded.

It would afford me pleasure to designate by name the officers and men who so gallantly fought on these two occasions-for, with very few exceptions, all did their duty-but to do so would swell this report to an inordinate size. However, I feel it to be my duty, and take pleasure in the performance of it, to call attention to the conduct of the field officers of the different regiments. Lieutenant-Colonel Cofer, in command of the Sixth after I took command of the brigade; Major Clarke, of the same regiment; Major Thompson, in command of the Fourth after Colonel Nuckols was wounded; Captain Millett, senior captain, acting field officer of same regiment, and Major Nash, in command of the seven companies of the Forty-first Alabama, all came under my observation. In each I remarked constancy, gallantry, and coolness. In the afternoon Colonel Stansel, of the Forty-

