
first; Lieutenant-Colonel Wickliffe, in command of the Ninth after Colonel Caldwell was wounded, and Captain Gillum, acting field officer of the same regiment, and Major Moss, commanding Second after the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Hewitt, and Captain McDowell, acting field officer of the same regiment, attracted my notice, and but confirmed the good account I had of them in the morning. Captain Lee, of the Second Kentucky, though too unwell to endure the fatigue throughout the whole day, acted as field officer with his accustomed bravery in the charges made by the left in the morning. It is the highest praise I can properly bestow on the officers of the brigade to say they proved themselves in nearly every case worthy of their commands.

Of the staff of Brigadier-General Helm, I take pleasure in bearing testimony in behalf, and making special mention of, Captain Fayette Hewitt, assistant adjutant-general. As soon as he was enabled to do so he reported to me, and throughout the entire action, after the death of General Helm [as well as previous thereto, as I learn], he displayed gallantry, coolness, and judgment. Captain G. W. McCawley, assistant inspector-general, promptly reported to me the wounding of General Helm, as before stated, at which time I got from him his horse, not having my own with me, when he returned to where General Helm was wounded and remained with him. I am reliably informed that previous thereto he was in his place on the left and acted bravely and efficiently. Captain Helm, acting commissary of subsistence, though not compelled to do so, went on the field and did his duty. Lieutenant W. W. Herr, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant John Pirtle, acting aide-de-camp, reported to me as soon as the necessary attention to their wounded general allowed, and thereafter acted gallantly and faithfully.

I inclose the several reports of regimental and battery commanders, together with a list* of killed and wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. H. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding Helm's Brigade.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of the effective strength of Helm's brigade, Breckinridge's division, Hill's corps, previous to the engagement of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20, 1863.

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate

General and staff,	 5	 ---	 5

Brig. General B. H. Helm

2nd Kentucky Regiment,	 28	 254	 282

Lieutenant Colonel

James W. Hewitt

4th Kentucky Regiment,	 32	 243	 275

Colonel Joseph P.

Nuckols

6th Kentucky Regiment,	 30	 190	 220

Colonel Joseph H. Lewis

9th Kentucky Regiment,	 23	 207	 230

Colonel John W.

Caldwell

41st Alabama Regiment,	 35	 366	 401

Colonel M. L. Stansel

Total	 153	 1,260	 1,413

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

