
In this battle many of the officers and men of this regiment demeaned themselves with marked gallantry, a fact which is amply corroborated by our large list* of killed and wounded herewith forwarded, marked Exhibit A, and to many of them the highest commendation is due.

The names of Major Nash, Captain Eddins, and Adjutant Leland, and the officers in command of companies, deserve especial mention.

First Lieutenant A. Hawkins, of Company D, fell bravely leading his men on the works of the enemy, and Sergt. Major Ira G. Tarrant fell nobly discharging the duties of his position.

The cool and fearless conduct of Color Sergt. Clark Richey deserves honorable mention for the manner in which he bore the regimental colors through the shock of battle.

Major J. G. Nash acted as lieutenant-colonel, and Captain B. F. Eddins, of Company F, as major, Lieutenant-Colonel Trimmier being absent sick.

This regiment went into battle with 325 men, and our casualties were: Killed, 27; wounded, 120; missing, 11. Total, 158.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. STANSEL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 302.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Moss, Second Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. SECOND KENTUCKY REGIMENT, Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part the Second Kentucky Regiment took in the two days' fight of the 19th and 20th of the present month:

On Friday, of the 18th instant, General Helm ordered the regiment to the left and front to feel the enemy's position. In a very short time our skirmishers were engaged with those of the enemy and kept up a continual fire until dark. I was then ordered to throw out a strong picket guard of four companies to hold the ground we had already gained, holding the other six companies as a reserve.

On the morning of the 19th, our skirmishers were again pushed forward and fought the enemy until 2 or 3 p.m., when they were drawn off by order of General Helm. We then joined the brigade and had an hour's rest, when we were again ordered into line and marched some 8 miles and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 20th, we were ordered out at daylight and marched 1 mile, where we formed a line of battle with the rest of the brigade. We remained in line of battle about one and a half hours, at the end of which time we were ordered forward and met with no resistance until we had marched one-half mile, when we came upon the enemy in a strong position and fortified with three lines of entrenchments. We charged their works, but, receiving a very heavy enfilading fire from both artillery and musketry on the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

