
left and a severe fire from the front, Lieutenant Colonel James W. Hewitt and a great many officers and men having been killed and wounded, I assumed command of the regiment and ordered them to fall back, which they did in good order. I fell back 75 yards and then joined the Ninth Kentucky, which was on my right. We reformed and made a second charge and got within 40 yards of the enemy's works; drove them out of their first line of entrenchments, but the enfilading fire from the left becoming so heavy, we were again forced back.

At this time I held a consultation with Lieutenant-Colonel Wickliffe, of the Ninth Kentucky. While we were consulting Colonel von Zinken, of General Breckinridge's staff, came up and ordered us to push forward, that the division was engaged on the right. We then made the third charge and were again repulsed. At this time, Captain Hewitt, of General Helm's staff, came up and stated that General Helm had been killed and the whole brigade had fallen back. Colonel Lewis had assumed command and ordered the Second and Ninth to the right to join the rest of the brigade. Here Colonel Lewis formed a line of battle with the whole of the brigade to hold the enemy in check until re-enforcements could arrive. While there we were under a very heavy fire.

The re-enforcements came up and engaged the enemy, we acting as a reserve. The re-enforcements being repulsed, another brigade of re-enforcements was ordered up, but was also repulsed. We were then ordered back and formed in line of battle. The troops were then massed, we making the third line of battle. The first two lines being engaged some time, the third line were ordered to charge.

We then charged over the same ground that we had been fighting over all morning, passing through the first two lines of battle and over the enemy's works. At the works we captured about 250 or 300 prisoners. Driving the enemy toward the Chattanooga road, we pushed them one-half mile beyond, and returned back to the road and encamped for the night.

I went in the fight with 30 officers and 272 men, and came out with 10 officers and 146 men. Both officers and men behaved gallantly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. MOSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel J. H. LEWIS,

Commanding Brigade.]

Numbers 303.

Report of Major Thomas W. Thompson, Fourth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTH KENTUCKY REGIMENT, Bivouac near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment during the actions of September 19 and 20:

Being in command of the line of skirmishers of the brigade on the 19th, I know nothing personally of the movements of the regiment except on information. Adjt. R. H. Williams informs me that about 11 a.m. the command was ordered to advance at double-quick to a skirt of timber in advance of and to the left of Cobb's battery,

14 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

