
on the west side of the creek. After remaining in this position a very short period, orders were received to move back, and the command was placed immediately to the rear of the battery, where it became subject to a most terrific shelling for about thirty minutes. Under this fire our loss was 1 killed and 1 wounded. Subsequently the command was ordered to fall back on the Chattanooga road. After remaining there some time, we were ordered to move toward the right, and, crossing Chickamauga about dark, bivouacked near the battle-field.

At daylight on the 20th, we were ordered forward to take our position in the line. About 7 a.m. the regiment was ordered forward to support the line of skirmishers, and after being deployed moved forward, driving the enemy's skirmishers from a hill, which we then occupied. Colonel Joseph P. Nuckols having been severely wounded soon after the deployment was made, the command here devolved upon me. The loss here was about 15 killed and wounded.

About 8 a.m. I received orders to assemble my regiment and take my position in line as the bridge moved forward. Having taken my position, the whole command moved across an open field about 100 yards wide into a skirt of woods, where we engaged the enemy in force. The command having then been give, "Charge bayonets, double-quick," we charged the enemy with alacrity, completely routing him and capturing 2 pieces of artillery [one 12-pounder Napoleon, one 12-pounder Parrott], 1 caisson, and 2 horses. Being about half a mile in front of the point where we first engaged the enemy, and under fire from the front and both flanks, fearing the enemy would attempt to recapture the guns, I ordered a lieutenant and 4 men to take them to the rear. This he succeeded in doing with the assistance of 1 horse, and placed them in the possession of Brigadier-General Forrest. The command was then moved back across the Chattanooga road; changed front perpendicularly forward to engage the enemy, who were on our left; moved up in front of their works, and were ordered to halt and await further orders. Our loss here was 1 officer killed and several enlisted men killed and wounded.

We were then ordered back about 300 yards, and about 3 p.m. were moved about half a mile to the left, taking position in rear of Walker's division, which had passed us, when about 100 yards from the enemy's works, we received orders to charge, which we did, driving them from their works at the point of the bayonet to the Chattanooga road, where we were ordered to halt and reform, and remained at that point until the evening of the 21st.

Our loss in this charge was 1 officer and several privates killed and several wounded.

The total casualties during the two days amounted to 7 killed and 51 wounded, of whom 4 have since died.

I cannot close without expressing my satisfaction at the uniform courage displayed by both officers and men under my command, and where all have done their duty I can make no discrimination among them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. W. THOMPSON,

Major, Commanding Fourth Kentucky Regiment.

Captain FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

