
wounded, and Commissary Sergt. Charles Dawson, in furnishing rations cooked on the field for the troops.

The infirmary corps, under charge of Corporal Bird, Company C, was very efficient in removing the wounded from the field.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

M. H. COFER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixth Kentucky Vol. Regt.

Captain FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 305.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Wickliffe, Ninth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. NINTH KENTUCKY REGIMENT, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of the 19th and 20th instant:

On September 18, this regiment moved from near Catlett's Gap to Crawfish Spring, a distance of some 8 miles nearer Chattanooga, where we were placed in line of battle. Shortly afterward the lines were advanced and this regiment, with the brigade, was ordered across Pea Vine Creek, where a battery had been established. The enemy opened fire upon our lines with artillery, which was returned by our battery. By this fire we had 7 men wounded. This was about the middle of day during the 19th. We were then ordered back to our original position, from which a few hours afterward we were marched toward the right of our lines.

Before daylight on Sunday, the 20th, we took up our line of march and reached the new position assigned us about 7 a.m. Skirmishers were at once thrown forward, and soon developed the lines of the enemy strongly posted and with works composed of fallen timber and rocks. We were soon advanced, and this regiment met with a murderous fire from the enemy behind their works. Colonel Caldwell, commanding this regiment, was wounded severely by this fire in the right arm. The command of the regiment by this unfortunate accident devolved upon me. Perceiving my men were suffering beyond endurance, and still unable to carry out the order to force the enemy's works, and believing from what I saw and heard that the brigade had fallen back, I ordered the regiment to fall back beyond the range of the terrible cross-fire from which they had been suffering so severely, which was done. We reformed, and being unable from the thickness of the undergrowth to see the right regiments of the brigade, a second charge was made by this regiment, and the Second Kentucky, under command of Major Moss. The regiment advanced in good style, but was forced a second time by the terrible enfilading fire upon our left to retire. They again rallied to the colors at the command. By this time neither Major Moss [commanding the Second Kentucky] nor myself could hear anything of the three right regiments. At this time Colonel von Zinken, of General Breckinridge's staff, came up and informed me that the balance of the brigade was again going in. I again ordered forward the regiment, and the third time they advanced to the charge, and

