
again encountered the terrible fire from which we had suffered so severely in the two former charges. Seeing the useless waste of life, I was compelled to order the regiment to fall back. Shortly after this Colonel Lewis, in command of the brigade, ordered me off by the right flank, and by this movement we closed upon the brigade.

We were not again under fire until late in the day, when the brigade was formed and advanced against the enemy's works at a point a little farther to the right than that at which we had before assailed them. Here we engaged the enemy, and a brigade being ordered up to our relief, the command lay down to enable them to pass over us. While lying here the brigade which relieved us was in turn relieved by another, and we were then ordered back and reformed. The order to advance was again given, and this regiment, in conjunction with the balance of the brigade, advanced to storm the works. No halt was made, and we marched under the fire of the enemy right up to and over their works, they breaking and fleeing in great disorder. We pursued them to the Chattanooga road, some half a mile, when we were ordered to halt by Colonel Lewis, commanding the brigade, from the fact that darkness rendered farther pursuit impossible.

We went into action 230 strong, and lost 102 killed, wounded, and missing, which will be more fully shown by exhibit marked A.

I cannot speak in terms of too much praise of the conduct of the officers and men of this regiment in the action of the 19th and 20th instant.

Among the dead, we have to mourn the loss of Captain P. V. Daniel, a brave and gallant officer, an accomplished gentleman, and a pleasant companion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. WICKLIFFE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninth Kentucky Regiment.

Captain HEWITT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Exhibit A.]

List* of killed, wounded, and missing in the Ninth Kentucky Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20, 1863.

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 1	 4	 ---	 5

Non-commissioned	 3	 16	 ---	 19

officers

Privates	 7	 69	 2	 78

Total	 11	 89	 2	 102

Numbers 306.

Report of Captain Robert Cobb, Kentucky battery.

COBB'S BATTERY, In the Field, September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On Friday evening, the 18th instant, my battery arrived at Glass' Mill, on Chickamauga Creek, and encamped with the brigade, having been previously ordered to report to Brigadier-General Helm.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

