
On Saturday, the 19th, at 9 a.m., I was ordered by General Helm to send one 12-pounder Napoleon gun and one 12-pounder howitzer across the ford at Glass' Mill to the line of skirmishers in front of the Second and Sixth Kentucky Regiments. Arrived there, I was ordered by General Helm to open fire upon a house in an open field, distant 500 yards, for the purpose of dislodging a party of the enemy's skirmishers.

The first fire was promptly responded to by a battery of the enemy posted to the right and rear of the house, and distant about 900 yards. After firing 5 rounds, my pieces were withdrawn to cover, when the fire of the enemy also ceased. I was then ordered to bring up the remaining three Napoleon guns and to co-operate with Captain C. H. Slocomb, also ordered up with his battery, in an effort to drive the enemy's battery from its position. The two batteries [mine upon the right] were posted in an open field near the position occupied by my first piece and fire at once opened upon the enemy's position. Our fire was promptly and briskly and with accuracy returned. A few rounds, however, from the two batteries sufficed to silence the enemy's guns. The firing upon our part was also ordered to cease, and preparations were being made to advance our line when the enemy reopened his fire, having brought up another battery of rifled guns. The fire was briskly returned upon our part and continued for some time, when the two batteries were withdrawn by order of General Breckinridge.

The casualties upon my part amounted to 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

Information received from the enemy's prisoners subsequently captured leads to the belief that the first battery of the enemy engaged was seriously damaged, and that the last was saved from a like fate by breastworks, which were not occupied by the first.

During Saturday night, I moved with the brigade toward Alexander's Bridge, and, crossing the Chickamauga, bivouacked for the remainder of the night near that bridge.

On Sunday, the 20th, we moved toward position assigned for our division in front of the enemy's left wing. Our line of battle being formed about daylight, I was ordered by General Helm to take position on the left of the brigade.

At about 10 a.m., the line being ordered to advance, I was ordered by General Helm to follow with my battery a short distance in the rear of the Second Kentucky Regiment, forming his left. After advancing about half a mile, the left of the brigade encountered the enemy's line of battle and at once engaged. The enemy at the same time opened upon our line with artillery from the front. I moved the battery to the left and endeavored to establish it in position to engage the enemy's battery. Upon reaching a slight eminence to the left of our line, I formed in battery and prepared to move my pieces by hand to the front to the top of the eminence, it being impossible to move with my limbers on account of the density of the timber. The enemy poured into my front a most galling fire, his line being entirely concealed by the thickness of the small growth of timber. Before the desired position could be reached, a most terrible artillery fire with shrapnel was opened upon my left, Major-General Cleburne's right having failed to keep pace with our left, causing a gap of nearly 300 yards perpendicular to the line of battle. Being thus subjected to a front and flanking fire at a very short range, without being able, on account of the density of the timber, to respond with

