
any degree of certainty, and seeing our line give way on the left, I was forced to retire my battery, which was done in good order, and halted at about 500 yards in rear of our line under the first cover. I remained here, being unable to obtain position favorable for operations, until 1 p.m., when I was ordered by General Breckinridge to send one section of my battery to report to Brigadier-General Forrest. The section was sent forward under Lieutenant F. P. Gracey, and posted, by order of General Forrest, on the ridge running parallel with the Chattanooga road, and fire opened upon a battery of the enemy posted in a lane about 1,000 yards to our front. A few rounds sufficed to drive the enemy from his position. General Forrest afterward having ordered his brigade to move forward for the purpose of charging the enemy in position, Lieutenant Gracey was ordered to move his section forward in support. The brigade being repulsed, Lieutenant Gracey withdrew his section to the ridge first occupied, and opened fire on the enemy's line, in close pursuit, and repulsed them. Firing was kept up until near sundown upon the enemy's retreating line.

My loss in killed and wounded during the two days' engagement amounts to 12.

My men behaved with their usual gallantry during the engagement.

Very respectfully,

R. COBB,

Captain, Comdg. Battery, Breckinridge's Division.

Captain FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 307.

Report of Colonel Randall L. Gibson, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Adams' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade-composed of the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Leon von Zinken; Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel D. Gober; Nineteenth Louisiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel R. W. Turner; Thirty-second Alabama Volunteers, Major J. C. Kimbell, and Austin's battalion Louisiana sharpshooters, with Slocomb's battery, Washington Artillery-in the battle of the Chickamauga, from the moment that I assumed command:

I was engaged in reforming my regiment when informed that, Brig. General D. W. Adams having been disabled by a wound, the command of the brigade devolved upon me. I at once ascertained that there was no support on the left of the brigade, and ordered the command to form on the rear slope of the hill upon which Captain C. H. Slocomb's battery, Washington Artillery, was posted. This having been accomplished, I left the line in charge of Colonel Daniel Gober, Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, and hastened to the left, where I observed several regiments falling back. One of these I at once moved to the support of the line on the left, and

