
directed Captain Labouisse, assistant inspector-general, to bring up another retreating through the woods to the same position. With Captain Slocomb's assistance, he succeeded in placing two regiments in position. They were believed to belong to the brigade on our left. The Thirty-second Alabama Volunteers and Austin's battalion, which had not participated in the charge, but had been ordered to oppose the advance of a column of the enemy's infantry reported on our right and rear, were called in and directed to join the brigade on the right of the battery. It was deemed best to occupy ourselves with the enemy in sight, leaving the cavalry reports for after-consideration. These dispositions had just been made when Major-General Breckinridge reached us and approved them.

Captain Slocomb, whose battery had made a noble stand, here informed me that he was considerably cut up, and that he thought it best to retire for a short time. He was ordered to retire. In less than two hours he again reported ready for action, having equipped himself in nearly everything needed from the battery taken by the brigade on approaching for the first time the main Chattanooga road.

I do not think it worth while to speak of the different lines of battle taken before again engaging the enemy.

About 4 o'clock, by order of Major-General Breckinridge, the brigade was posted about 300 yards in rear of Major-General Walker's command, General Liddell's division. The line was here subjected to some shelling, and it soon became apparent that our forces in front were unsuccessful in their attacks.

About sundown General Breckinridge turned to me and directed that I should advance and at the same time execute a change of direction to the left. I had advanced but a short distance when I saw from what was occurring in front of us that our lines in advance were giving way under an enfilading fire from the left, and I therefore gained as much ground to the left as time and circumstances would permit. The movement forward was made slowly, carefully, and with all possible precision. We passed over several lines of troops as we advanced, who cheered us heartily. The extreme right regiment was detained for a few moments by one of these lines, as will be seen by referring to Colonel Gober's report. I determined, if possible, not to fire a gun, and it is due to the officers and men of the brigade that I should state that we passed through a line engaging the enemy without halting and without firing, and continued to advance, moving in perfect order, until within a few paces of the enemy, when the charge was ordered, and the whole command, with a terrific yell, sprang upon him. A volley was received without effect; a second from the barricades of trees and stones checked us for an instant, but the officers rushed forward again, the men followed, and the enemy, panic-stricken, fled in the wildest disorder. Not a moment was to be lost. The brigade was urged forward, its center resting near the fence separating the corn-field from the woods, the left extending into the field. We thus continued to drive the enemy from every position for three-quarters of a mile, until we had entered the woods about 70 yards west of the Chattanooga road, where we halted.

Darkness was now rapidly approaching. I had sent Lieutenant Ware, of the staff, to the left, and he reported to me that there were no troops on that flank, confirming the statement of Colonel von Zinken, commanding the left regiment. I had gone myself to the right. I deemed it proper, therefore, to halt and to rectify the alignment,

