
enemy. The regiment was immediately placed in position, and one company [G, Lieutenant Wing commanding] was deployed as skirmishers, the right of their line resting some 200 yards in rear of the line occupied by the brigade, and the main line of skirmishers some 200 yards in advance of the right flank of the brigade. After remaining in this position about one and a half hours, I received orders to move to a position 200 yards in advance of the brigade and support Austin's battalion of sharpshooters, then some 300 yards in advance, my regiment acting as a reserve.

Shortly after reaching this new position, the whole command was ordered to advance, and I was ordered to resume my former position on the right flank. I moved my regiment by the right flank down a road leading directly to the main Chattanooga road. Upon reaching the road, I was ordered by Captain Labouisse, assistant inspector-general, to halt and report any advance of the enemy on the Chattanooga road. I remained here, moving to the front or rear, across the road, as the brigade moved. During this time the regiment was exposed only to the shells of the enemy and no casualties had occurred. After remaining on the Chattanooga road about an hour, I was ordered by Captain Labouisse to fall back and rejoin the brigade, which I did, and found it formed in line of battle across the Chattanooga road. I took position on the right of the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Regiments, and Austin's battalion sharpshooters formed on my right. The brigade was then ordered to retire by the left flank. When the command had moved about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, line of battle was again formed, and I took position in the line, with the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiments on my right and the Nineteenth Louisiana on my left. Shortly afterward the brigade moved by the left flank across a ravine, and formed line again and stacked arms. After resting in this position about one and a half hours the brigade was ordered to move by the left flank to the front, and after advancing some 250 yards came to a halt and formed line immediately in rear of a line of works made of logs, fence rails, rocks, &amp;c. We remained in line in this last position until 5.30 p.m., when we were ordered to advance in line and to change direction to the left. After moving forward in the direction indicated, the order was given to charge the enemy, which was done, my regiment moving forward at double-quick in excellent style, driving the enemy before [them], taking their line of works and driving them out, and did not halt until we had advanced some 50 or 60 yards beyond the Chattanooga road. It was now quite dark, and the regiment stacked arms and rested for the night in line of battle, and in the same position in the line as we were when the charge was ordered.

The loss of the regiment throughout the whole day was very small, only 4 men being wounded [2 severely and 2 slightly] and none killed.

During the engagement both officers and men acted with much coolness and courage, and as all did their duty so well no particular mention can be made of any one.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. KIMBELL,

Major, Commanding Thirty-second Alabama Regiment.

Captain H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

