
back, however, 100 yards, seizing the colors, I was enabled to reform my regiment and start again toward the enemy. Colonel Gober, Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, on my left, had likewise reformed his line, and riding up informed me that Brigadier-General Adams was wounded, and had either been borne from the field or fallen into the hands of the enemy. I had observed General Adams in rear of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers on foot and looking at his arm as we were advancing, but I presumed he was slightly wounded and remained with my regiment.

Ascertaining that the regiments on the left of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Gober commanding, had not reformed, and that the troops on the left of the brigade had been driven back, I ordered the new line to be formed on the retreating slope of the hill upon which the Washington Artillery [Captain Slocomb] was posted, and here relinquished the command of the regiment to Captain E. M. Dubroca and assumed command of the brigade.

Conspicuous for their endeavors to press forward the command, and to rally their men when falling back and to bring them again into line, were Captain E. M. Dubroca, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain A. L. Stuart, Company K.

I carried into the battle 275 muskets, and lost during the two fights in the morning 16 enlisted men killed, 50 wounded, and 35 missing.

Among the dead we have to deplore the loss of Captain Theodore Schneider, who had won my highest regard by his excellent qualities as a soldier. Just before him fell the gallant Theodore Weistanner, of the same company. Lieutenants Eicholz, Company D; P. T. Minor, Company C; Charles D. Saunders, Company H; John Schaedel, Company F, and Robert Cade, Company I, were wounded. The brave color bearer, Sergt. J. C. McDavitt, fell mortally wounded, with the colors in his hands, struck in both legs with canister.

The part taken by the regiment in the battle of the afternoon will be reported by Colonel Leon von Zinken, who was assigned to command it.

Yours, very respectfully,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Breckinridge's Division.

Numbers 310.

Report of Colonel Leon von Zinken, Twentieth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH AND TWENTIETH LA. REGTS., In Front of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of Sunday evening, the 20th instant:

Having been relieved from duty as inspector of the division at my request, in order to take command of the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana Regiments, I reported to Colonel R. L. Gibson, commanding Adams' brigade, at 4 p.m., just when the brigade was formed on

