
the right of Helm's brigade and in rear of Liddell's brigade. The enemy was known to be in a strong position and in heavy force in our front. At about 5 o'clock Liddell's brigade commenced to attack the enemy, and soon after our line advanced, passing through Liddell's brigade on our front, and receiving orders from the brigade commander to change direction to the left, we advanced steadily to about 60 yards from the enemy's line, when they opened a most terrific fire upon us. For a moment our line seemed to waver, but, cheered on by the officers, the men rushed forward to the charge I ordered and carried the enemy's position, which, naturally strong, had been barricaded by logs piled up from 3 to 4 feet high, thus forming a sort of breastwork. The enemy was completely routed and fled in great confusion. I urged my men on to the pursuit, leaving about 150 prisoners in the works behind, and following the enemy through a corn-field across the Chattanooga road into the woods about 60 yards, at which place the enemy had abandoned a battery, which was pulled out the next morning by men of General Helm's brigade. I then halted my command. Seeing no troops on my immediate left, I aligned my regiment, and waited for further orders. Night had set in, and the brigade was reformed and marched about 60 yards east of the Chattanooga road, my regiment taking position on the left of the brigade.

High praise is due to officers and men for their gallant behavior, and while it is difficult to make any distinction, I have to make particular mention of the brave conduct of Captain E. M. Dubroca, acting major, and Corpl. J. Foster, color bearer.

The following is the loss of the regiment during the entire action of Sunday:

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 2	 6	 ---	 8

Enlisted men	 14	 58	 44	 116

Total	 16	 64	 44	 124

I remain, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON VON ZINKEN,

Colonel 20th La. Regt., Comdg.13th and 20th La. Regts.

Lieutenant H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 311.

Report of Colonel Daniel Gober, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Infantry.

NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 24, 1863.

SIR: On Saturday, the 19th instant, the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers moved with the brigade from the left to the right of the line of battle.

Sunday morning early we were formed in line, and I was ordered to send one company to report to Major Austin, to act as skirmishers.

