
The proper dispositions having been made, we were ordered forward at about 10 a.m., moving westward through an old field, and then through a thick undergrowth, and finally, after having marched about 1 mile, we came to the La Fayette and Chattanooga road, where it crosses the Glenn farm. Here we were halted and made to change front forward on the left battalion. The line was formed at right angle to the left of the brigade resting on this road. We were then moved down the hill into a ravine, where we were halted and ordered to lie down. Soon we were moved forward at a double-quick through the field into the woods, then halted, the alignment rectified, and skirmishers thrown forward.

When the skirmishers had been thrown forward only some 70 or 80 yards we again moved on in the direction of the enemy, and after marching nearly a mile from the place where we changed direction, we came upon the enemy and were driven back, losing 107 of the 293 men bearing arms and 3 commissioned officers-Lieutenant Oliver killed and Captain Ford and Lieutenant Walton missing. The last I saw of the gallant Walton he was some distance in front of his company shouting to them to advance.

We fell back to the hill, on which we changed front and formed line under a heavy fire from the enemy's guns. After remaining here for some time, we were moved by the left flank to the position where we first formed in the morning. There we remained for some time, occasionally changing front to meet some reported movement of the enemy on our right. Late in the evening we were formed in line in advance and to the left of the position we first formed on in the morning, and formed line in front of and on the left of the fortification thrown up by the enemy. After remaining here for some time, at about sundown we were ordered forward to engage the enemy. After moving forward some 200 yards I came upon a portion of General Maney's command. I immediately went to the front of my regiment, and was ordered by General Maney to move by the left flank to the support of a battery which he saw was to my left on a hill. I moved by the left flank until my regiment was unmasked, then moved by the right flank and overtook my brigade just after it had crossed the Chattanooga road, and we were halted on the ground from which we were driven in the morning, and where we found our wounded, not having been removed by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL GOBER,

Colonel, Comdg. 16th and 25th Louisiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 312.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard W. Turner, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH LOUISIANA REGIMENT, Camp in Front of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to make the following report of the action taken by the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment in the battle of the Chickamauga, on the 20th instant:

At daylight the regiment, numbering in the aggregate 349, was

