
put on the march, moving to the right, and at 7.30 a.m. was formed in line of battle on the right of Brigadier-General Stovall's brigade and on the left of the Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiments, when I threw out Company F, Captain Handley, as skirmishers, under the command of Major Austin. After the skirmishers had advanced about half a mile and discovered the enemy, the line was advanced in most excellent order, the skirmishing being so exceedingly heavy that I thought every moment that I was on the enemy's main line of battle. The skirmishers advanced most resolutely, and succeeded in driving the enemy so fast and far that it was soon ascertained that the line of our brigade was considerably in advance of the line on our left; indeed, so much so that the whole line had to be changed to the left in order to protect our flank. So soon as the new line was formed to the left, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Adams to move by the left flank until the left of my regiment should rest upon the road, which being done, the whole line was advanced under very heavy fire of the enemy of grape and canister to a ravine or hollow, where the whole line was halted, while the Washington Artillery was firing in our front. At this moment I was wounded slightly in the thigh and had to leave the field, and was unable to resume command again during the day.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

RICHD. W. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment.

[Lieutenant] H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 313.

Report of Captain H. A. Kennedy, Nineteenth Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH LOUISIANA REGIMENT, Camp in Front of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to make the following report of the action taken by the Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment in the battle of the Chickamauga, on the 20th instant, after Lieutenant Colonel R. W. Turner was wounded and left the field:

After Lieutenant-Colonel Turner left the field the command devolved on Major Loudon Butler, who led a most desperate charge upon the enemy, who were in line upon Glenn's farm, and I regret to say that the gallant Butler lost his life in this the most desperate and bloody charge that troops were ever called on to make. After the death of the lamented Butler the command devolved on me. From this charge the whole line was beaten back, though not until I perceived that no support could come from the left, as Brigadier-General Stovall's brigade did not come up within 100 yards of where the left of my regiment now stood, and the right of our own brigade had given way, until, seeing myself almost deserted and in the face of a most destructive fire, I had no alternative left me but to order a retreat, which was conducted somewhat disorderly, in consequence of the destructive fire under which I was then maneuvering. The

15 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

