
regiment fell back, and I first sought to rally it in the ravine from which the charge was begun, but being under a very heavy fire of the enemy's guns, and seeing that a considerable portion of the brigade was forming at the spot where the brigade had changed front to the left, I caused the regiment to fall back, and formed it on the left of the brigade, to the right and a little to the rear of the Washington Artillery. From this point the regiment moved off with the brigade by the left flank about 250 yards, when the brigade was moved to the front until the line rested just in rear of the houses near which a section of a battery had been captured by the skirmishers under command of Captain Handley. From this point the regiment was moved by the left flank to a skirt of woods between the prairie and the old field where the line of battle had been formed in the morning. From this point the regiment was again moved by the left flank and formed a line of battle perpendicular to the one then formed just in rear of the old field above referred to, when the regiment was moved by a change of direction to the left until it rested near a small ravine, then halted, stacked arms, and remained about two hours. The regiment was then moved by the left flank, and formed line of battle on the hill in front and parallel with the original line of the morning. Here the regiment was ordered to lie down during a severe shelling. From this point the line was ordered forward, and as soon as it had reached the line that was engaging the enemy in front, the charge was begun and continued until the ground fought upon in the morning had been entirely regained, driving the enemy in the wildest confusion far beyond his original lines. At this point the regiment was halted and faced to the rear, and marched back east of the road and bivouacked for the night.

The losses of this day were unprecedentedly heavy. I lost in killed 3 officers and 25 enlisted men, and wounded 14 officers and 92 killed 3 officers and 25 enlisted men, and wounded 14 officers and 92 enlisted men; 8 enlisted men wounded and missing, 1 officer and 10 enlisted men missing; making an aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing of 153, nearly 50 per cent of the whole number engaged.

Among the killed we are called upon to lament, in addition to the gallant Butler, Lieutenants R. W. Cater, of Company I, and W. T. Williams, Company C-who fell where soldiers should fall, at their posts, in the faithful discharge of their duty-together with 25 enlisted men, whose names and deeds will, and of right should, long live in the hearts of their grateful countrymen.

It is exceedingly difficult to draw distinctions between officers or men where all do their full duty, yet I must be allowed to notice particularly Captain B. B. Matlock, of Company A; First Lieutenant E. M. Woodruff, Company I, and Ensign John S. Brown, who conspicuously distinguished themselves for gallantry and bravery during the whole engagement.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

H. A. KENNEDY,

Captain, Commanding.

[Lieutenant] H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

