
This force was protecting the enemy's extreme left flank and harassing our extreme right. I was left here by General Adams to watch this force while he swept to the left with his brigade. In order that I might effectually protect General Adams' right flank and hold at the same time the Chattanooga road, I changed my line and formed almost at right angles with said road. I remained in this position watching the movements of the enemy's cavalry till the brigade was driven back, and as it fell back I noticed the Washington Artillery unsupported, and ordered Captain Handley, Nineteenth Louisiana Regiment, and Captain Lowd, of the battalion of sharpshooters, with their companies to its support.

Deeming this support scarcely sufficient to save the guns in case the brigade could not be rallied at this point, I ordered Major Kimbell, commanding Thirty-second Alabama Regiment, to move to its support immediately which he did arriving just as the pieces were retiring. The brigade was rallied here, and I was ordered by Colonel R. L. Gibson, commanding [General Adams being wounded], to assemble my command and rejoin the brigade. I formed on the extreme right after having sent the four companies back to their regiments. The brigade was then moved about one-half mile to the rear and right and formed at right angles to the previous line of battle. We remained in this position a very few minutes, and changed front forward on Fifth Battalion [? and moved forward about 400 yards. Here my battalion was again deployed and moved forward to co-operate with General Forrest's dismounted cavalry.

In the meantime, the brigade moved off to the left, and I was ordered by Major Wilson, of Major-General Breckinridge's staff, to remain where I was with General Forrest. About dark I received an order from Colonel Gibson, commanding, to rejoin the brigade; but General Forrest refused to allow my command to leave until regularly relieved by a sufficient number of men to hold the place. I informed Colonel Vaughan, commanding General Smith's brigade, Cheatham's division, then in line of battle in rear of the position occupied by me, of my situation, and was relieved by Major Green's sharpshooters shortly after 10 p.m.

I took position on the extreme left of the brigade early next morning, and was ordered to deploy my command and move it 2 or 3 miles in front of our line and find out where the enemy was. I moved forward 3 miles, sweeping by three of the enemy's hospitals and capturing 33 straggling Yankees. At 2.30 p.m. I was ordered in and rejoined the brigade at 5 p.m.

Captain James Lingan, commanding my right wing, was of great assistance to me and behaved gallantly. He reports that Lieutenant Stalker, of the Thirty-second Alabama Regiment, left his command without authority and went to the rear with 2 prisoners.

My officers and men behaved with great gallantry.

Lieutenant Pierce, Company A, of this battalion, was wounded severely as he placed his sword upon one of the captured field pieces of the enemy, having been the first to reach it.

Private John Hagan, Company B, behaved with marked gallantry and was seriously wounded.

Company A, Austin's battalion sharpshooters, Captain W. Q. Lowd commanding, captured 2 brass 6-pounders, 3 rear chests of caissons filled with ammunition, 5 officers, and 81 enlisted men. Company B, Austin's battalion sharpshooters, First Lieutenant A. T. Martin commanding, captured 33 prisoners.

