
Casualties: 6 enlisted men wounded [2 mortally, 2 seriously, 2 slightly]; Second Lieutenant William Pierce, Company A, right leg amputated below the knee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. AUSTIN,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 315.

Report of Captain C. H. Slocomb, Fifth Company [Louisiana], Washington Artillery.

HDQRS. FIFTH COMPANY, WASHINGTON ARTILLERY, Line of Battle, September 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battles of 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 19th instant, about 11 a.m., I was ordered to place my rifle pieces in a position on a high bluff above Glass' Mill and to cross the ford with the other four pieces, take position in an open field to the front and left of Glass' Mill, three pieces of Cobb's battery being on my right. While taking position the enemy's battery opened in my front. We soon drove them from their position, and I have been told that two of their caissons were exploded by our fire. We remained on the field expecting a charge from the enemy, but were opened upon by eleven pieces, most of them rifles. Their fire was very accurate, and plunging upon us, from our exposed position, it told severely. Their caissons and limbers being entirely sheltered from our exposed position, it told severely. Their caissons and limbers being entirely sheltered from our fire by the brow of the hill, the contest was unequal, and I received the order to withdraw my guns, which was accomplished in a crippled condition.

My loss at this point was Lieutenant Blair and 6 privates killed, 4 privates wounded, 6 horses killed, and 1 wounded.

On the morning of the 20th, I was ordered by General Adams to follow his brigade into action about 60 yards in the rear. As soon as the brigade had engaged the enemy I was ordered to send two pieces on our extreme right to command a large open field. While selecting a position for these pieces Major Graves ordered two others, under command of Lieutenant Leverich, to the left. In a short time I heard these last open. Their fire being brisk in front, I thought proper to move the whole of my battery up near the Glenn House. Lieutenant Leverich there joined me with his section, having in the meantime engaged the enemy upon the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. We then concentrated our fire on a white house to our front and right, where the enemy seemed to be in force. We soon drove them off, limbered to rear, and moved across the orchard and took position beyond the ravine. The enemy here opened a heavy artillery fire upon us, which was returned, Adams' brigade charging them as their fire was silenced. It was in this position that Major Graves received a mortal wound.

Adams's brigade charged most nobly, but, unsupported, was met by superior numbers; was compelled to fall back, the enemy charging them in turn with infantry and artillery. Having placed my battery

