
in front of the Glenn orchard to receive the enemy's charge, I waited until the brigade had gained the ravine in my immediate front, when I opened upon the advancing lines and drove them back in fine style, the brigade in the meantime rallying upon my battery. I was soon subjected to a terrific fire from the enemy's batteries in front, right, and left. My position being far in advance of the whole line, I received orders from Colonel Gibson, commanding Adams' brigade, to withdraw my battery, our lines having been re-established under its fire.

My loss being 4 privates killed and 16 wounded, 8 horses killed and 5 disabled, my ammunition nearly expended, my carriages greatly damaged, I obtained permission from General Breckinridge to retire from the field to refit. In two hours I reported to Colonel Gibson ready for action.

To Lieutenants Vaught, Chalaron, and Leverich I am most indebted for their valuable assistance.

Lieutenant Blair was killed before we fired a shot. His loss will long be felt in my battery.

Where every man in the company did his duty so nobly it is impossible to discriminate. I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of the bravery of Leon Brocurd, a youth of 16, who volunteered his services as the battery was going into action, and nobly met his death in performance of a self-imposed duty.

The amount of ammunition expended in the two days fight was 562 rounds. Of these I replaced 120 rounds from the enemy's abandoned caissons. I also captured 4 artillery horses.

My losses sum up 1 officer and 10 men killed and 20 wounded; 15 horses killed, including my own, and 5 wounded.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. H. SLOCOMB,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant H. H. BEIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 316.

Report of Brig. General Marcellus A. Stovall, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS STOVALL'S BRIGADE, BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION, HILL'S CORPS, Missionary Ridge, October 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of Sunday, September 20:

In obedience to orders from headquarters Breckinridge's division, of date September 16, I moved from position on the Alpine road near La Fayette, Ga., on the Catlett's Gap road, at or near the latter place, on the morning of the 17th.

Here I remained in position until the morning of the 18th, when I was ordered to proceed on the Crawfish to the Chattanooga road. I halted at the intersection of the two latter for about thirty minutes, when I marched to Pigeon Ridge, near Glass' Mill [stopping and forming line of battle for a short while in the meantime], and again went into position.

