
I remained at this place until Saturday, the 19th, when I was again moved down the Chattanooga road to Snow Hill. Skirmishers had scarcely been deployed and the proper dispositions made when I was ordered still farther forward in a northeasterly direction to the battle-field as re-enforcements to the right of our line, reported then to be hard pressed by the superior force of the enemy. This move did not commence until 5 p.m., hence I did not get into position until Sunday, the 20th instant.

Saturday night, the 19th instant, we slept upon the edge of the battle-field and moved out into position at 4 a.m. the next [Sunday] morning. We formed a line of battle at sunrise, this division being on the extreme right of the army, my brigade being in the center of the division and between the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Adams and Helm, respectively. Skirmishers [25 men from each regiment] were immediately deployed, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Badger, of the Fourth Florida Regiment. Subsequently, orders were received to advance the line thus deployed, and for a regiment to be thrown forward to support them. In obedience thereto I ordered Colonel Bowen, commanding Fourth Florida Regiment, to take out his command as the support required. For the manner in which he maneuvered it while in advance, I respectfully refer to the accompanying report from him.

Between 9 and 10 o'clock my brigade was ordered to advance. I moved out in good order parallel to the Chattanooga road about a half mile, not without first encountering two distinct lines of the enemy's skirmishers and driving them in. Here the brigade was halted, and by a flank movement formed nearly perpendicular to its former position. Thus reformed I moved forward, and hard not gone far before I encountered the enemy in heavy force and strongly in trenched. Here the battle raged fiercely. A concentrated fire of grape and canister, shot and shell of every conceivable character, was poured into us from the front, while my left suffered no less from an enfilading fire equally galling and severe. Brigadier-General Helm's brigade, having encountered the enemy's breastworks, was unable to keep up the alignment, which, taken with the fact that the reserve ordered to our support failed to come up and the further fact that my left as well as front was thus exposed the brigade-in fact, the whole line-was forced to retire.

The troops of my command fell back simultaneously, forming in perfect order not exceeding 200 yards in rear of the position for which they had so gallantly contested. From this position I was still farther retired and placed in position on the extreme right of the division, acting as a support to the command of Major General William H. T. Walker. Here I remained at rest for a few hours. During the interval I had my cartridge boxes all replenished, my command remaining quiet until about 4 p.m. About that hour I was ordered to move my brigade to the extreme right of the line; again formed nearly parallel to the Chattanooga road. This latter movement was ordered that we might form the part of a support to the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Liddell and Walthall. They were soon driven in, but were immediately reformed and thrown forward a second time. Just at this juncture I was ordered to advance. Changing my direction by a left half wheel, I was brought to the enemy's line. Thus in position I commenced the charge. My brigade pressed through two lines of our own troops, passed over the enemy's breastworks, and with deafening shouts of patriotic enthu-

