
siasm pursued the foe to the Chattanooga road, where in obedience to orders, I halted, night putting an end to the conflict.

I respectfully refer to the accompanying statement,* marked -, showing the regiment, name, and rank of every officer and soldier killed, wounded, and missing; also the character of the wounds.

I am much indebted to Colonel Dilworth, First and Third Florida; Colonel Bowen, Fourth Florida; Lieutenant-Colonel Ray, Sixtieth North Carolina, and Captain Cone, Forty-seventh Georgia, who led their respective commands with skill and judgment. Also to Captain Weaver, who succeeded to the command of the Sixtieth North Carolina after its colonel was disabled.

Captain J. P. C. Whitehead, jr., my assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant A. J. Hanson, and Captain J. H. Hull [who was severely wounded in the shoulder] displayed great coolness and daring during the conflict, and to them I am much indebted for valuable services rendered. Also to Lieutenant A. Dunham, ordnance officer, for the promptness manifested in the discharge of the duties of his responsible office.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. STOVALL,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Report of the effective strength of Stovall's brigade on the day of battle, September 20, 1863.

Command	 Total	 Aggregate

1st and 3rd Florida	 273	 298

4th Florida	 217	 238

60th North Carolina	 150	 168

Regiment

47th Georgia Regiment	 178	 193

Total	 818	 897

Respectfully submitted.

M. A. STOVALL,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 317.

Report of Colonel W. S. Dilworth, Third Florida Infantry, commanding First and Third Florida Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD FLORIDA REGTS., Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to the brigadier-general commanding the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent battle near the Chickamauga River:

On the morning of the 19th instant, I was left with my regiment

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

