
again until nearly sundown, affording the weary men an opportunity to enjoy a few hours' rest.

About sundown the brigade was formed for another charge, and after being exposed to an artillery fire for some time, in which I incurred no loss, we were moved forward, and we swept through the woods and over the breastworks we had failed to take in the morning, driving the routed enemy across the Chattanooga road. Here our line was halted, and after loud and prolonged cheers at the glorious success of the day, I stacked arms at the edge of the woods and bivouacked for the night.

By the accompanying list* of casualties it will be seen that I lost from the regiment 9 killed, 70 wounded, and 13 missing; making a total of 92 out of 273 that I carried into the fight. There are but 3 officers on this list. Two of these were slightly wounded and 1 is missing.

The provost guard, under Lieutenant J. G. Butler, Company A, Third Florida, was formed on the right of my regiment during the greater part of the day. They volunteered to go out as skirmishers early in the morning, much to the relief of my weary men, and in every place they served they did their duty faithfully and efficiently.

My field officers-Major G. A. Ball, First Florida, and Captain C. H. Ross, Company I, Third Florida, and my adjutant, C. H. Stebbins, Third Florida-were constantly by me and assisted me greatly; and Captain Whitehead and Lieutenant Hanson, of Brigadier-General Stovall's staff, afforded much encouragement to the men by their fearless courage and cheering words.

There are many others who deserve special notice, among them Corpl. C. P. Ulmer, Company H, Third Florida, of the color guard, who seized the colors when they fell from the hands of the color bearer while under a heavy fire and bore them bravely through the rest of the contest.

I regret that I cannot enumerate all the deeds of courage that came under my observation during the day, for, notwithstanding the long march, the loss of rest, and want of food, there were few who skulked from the fight. All seemed resolved to do their best to check the advance of the invader.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. P. C. WHITEHEAD, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 318.

Report of Colonel W. L. L. Bowen, Fourth Florida Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTH FLORIDA REGT., STOVALL'S BRIG., Near Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to a circular of yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by my regiment in the action of Sunday, September 20:

Early in the morning we were moved to the front and formed in

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

