
Much of the credit and success acceded [accorded] to the Fourth Florida Regiment is ascribed to General Stovall and staff for the efficient and prompt manner in which he conducted his brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. L. BOWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 319.

Report of Captain Joseph S. Cone, Forty-seventh Georgia Infantry.

HDQRS. BIVOUAC FORTY-SEVENTH GEORGIA VOLS., September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make through you to the brigadier-general commanding a statement of facts which occurred in this regiment during the fight of Chickamauga on Sunday, the 20th instant:

On Sunday [Saturday] night, the 19th instant, we slept in the line of battle very near the edge of the battle-field.

On Sunday morning, about 9 o'clock, our lines being formed and our position assigned us near the right, we were ordered to advance. After advancing in line of battle for a few hundred yards through a piece of woods we emerged from the woods into an open glade, or meadow-like piece of ground, almost entirely free from all undergrowth. Here we encountered the enemy's line of skirmishers or sharpshooters. They commenced a brisk and rapid fire on us as we crossed the open space of ground just referred to. Here the regiment was much exposed to their fire. This piece of meadow land ran nearly parallel with our line of battle. Upon emerging from the woods we discovered that we had obliqued too much to the left, thus leaving quite a space between us and the regiment on our right. As the guide was right, and as we were ordered to dress to that point and conform ourselves to the movements of the regiment on our right, we proceeded to dress and align ourselves while in this open space as directed, thus keeping the regiment for some length of time exposed to the fire coming from the enemy's line of sharpshooters stationed in our front along the piece of woods skirting the open space. While thus engaged we lost 1 man killed and several others wounded. Having obtained our proper distance and dress, all the while advancing, we soon entered the woods on the opposite side. The enemy's line of sharpshooters now gave way, fleeing precipitately through the woods. In a few minutes after, we came to a large, open field, seemingly a corn-field. Here there appears to have been another line of the enemy's sharpshooters, as quite a number appeared in the field running in every direction. Several came running up to us and surrendered themselves. Among the number a captain, commanding Company B, Forty-second Indiana Regiment, came up to Captain Phillips, who was at that time in command of the regiment, and delivered up his sword, saying at the time that he surrendered himself, that his company, which was at the time on picket, was completely surrounded and cut off by our forces. A detail of 2 men

