
was made from the regiment and the prisoners sent to the rear under their charge.

We proceeded across the fields and were halted on the opposite side, where we remained about ten or fifteen minutes. We then recrossed the field in nearly the direction from which we had first marched. While recrossing the field two shells from the enemy's battery passed through our ranks between the files without doing any injury-one exploding at some distance from us, the other exploding very near us just after passing through our ranks. We were now ordered to cross a wood, the undergrowth of which was quite thin and sparse. Beyond this wood in an open old field on quite an elevated piece of ground was stationed a battery of the enemy, which occasionally sent a shell crashing through the piece of woods through which we were now advancing. On nearing the edge of this field, we were halted and skirmishers deployed in our front. Company F, our left-flank company, armed with rifles, having been sent out the night before on picket, and being still behind, Company E, our right-flank company, armed with rifles, and Company D, muskets, were thrown out as skirmishers. After a few shots exchanged the enemy's line retired.

Our companies having again taken their places we again advanced. Their battery now commenced a regular fire with grape, at the same time continuing to throw shells around and above us, cutting down tops of trees, limbs, &amp;c., among us. We advanced steadily, gained the field, and continued on 75 or 100 paces in the field. Seeing that the regiments of our brigade on our left did not advance into the field, we halted, and were ordered by Captain Phillips, commanding, to lie down. We obeyed the order, at the same time directing our fire upon the battery, which continued to send its grape and canister among us, killing several and wounding many. We remained thus until we had fired, I presume, a dozen or more rounds, when Captain Phillips, seeing that our line did not advance, and deeming it prudent to fall back into the edge of the woods and align our regiment on the other regiments of the brigade, gave the order to that effect. Just at that time he received a wound from a ball striking him on the hip. He consequently turned over the command to myself, being the officer next in rank present.

At this time our line here seemed to have been repulsed and was falling back. I, however, on entering the woods, endeavored to rally the regiment, but as all seemed falling back my attempts were vain, as I succeeded in rallying only a part of the regiment. We did not properly rally till we had crossed the woods and reached a small field beyond. We were now withdrawn some distance, stacked our arms, and remained so for several hours. When we were again called it was evening. We were then marched to an old field bordering the Chickamauga Creek, our line being now formed perpendicular to our position of the morning. Here in the edge of the old field farthest from the creek we hastily formed a slight breastwork of rails piled together. In breathless anxiety we now awaited the approach of the enemy, whom we could hear yelling furiously as they drove in our foremost line. The line having fallen back and formed again just in our front, a general movement forward was made. We pressed forward, hopeful and confident of success and victory. They gave way before us and fled in disorder and confusion, leaving us in possession of the entire field and the wounded of both sides. Darkness now closed the scene, and we peacefully slept in bivouac

