
that night within a very short distance of where we had stood before the galling fire of the enemy's battery on the morning of the same day.

The casualties* of the regiment are as follows: Killed, 11; wounded, 59; missing, 6.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH S. CONE,

Captain, Comdg. Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment.

Captain WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 320.

Report of Captain James T. Weaver, Sixtieth North Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTIETH N. C., REGT., STOVALL'S BRIG., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixtieth North Carolina Regiment in the recent battles of Chickamauga, on the 19th and 20th:

On Saturday, the 19th, the regiment was in line of battle all day, but was not engaged until about sundown that evening. Our brigade was moved in a new direction and occupied a position on or near the battle-field of Saturday.

On Sunday morning, the 20th instant, our brigade was formed in the following order: First and Third Florida on the right; Sixtieth North Carolina in the center, and the Forty-seventh Georgia on the left, the Fourth Florida being held in reserve and as a support for the skirmishers. All necessary dispositions having been made, about 9 o'clock we were ordered to move forward until we met the enemy. After advancing about 400 yards we received a fire of musketry from the front, at which time 2 of the lieutenants belonging to this regiment were so severely wounded that they had to be carried from the field. At this juncture we were ordered to charge, which was done in gallant style, and meeting but feeble resistance we crossed the Chattanooga road and advanced beyond that point about 200 yards, where we were halted. We here captured a prisoner, who stated that we were in rear of their original line about 250 yards. Heavy firing being heard to the left, we were ordered to that point. We changed front by filing to the right, and facing by the rear rank were hurriedly marched in the direction of said fire. Having approached to within 400 yards of enemy's line, we received a heavy fire from the front, and from there advanced through a brisk fire to within 200 yards of the enemy's line, where we were halted and returned the enemy's fire. At this place and time Lieutenant-Colonel Ray, commanding regiment, was wounded and left the field. After a sharp engagement for twenty minutes, the Florida regiment on our left was forced back by what I have understood to have been a flank movement of the enemy on their left, of which movement I was ignorant, and held my men firm. However, in a short time the Forty-seventh Georgia, being hotly pressed on my right, was forced

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

