
to retire, which left me no alternative but to withdraw my men or be captured. I retired out of range, rallied the regiment, and held it steady until relieved by a staff officer and carried to where the balance of the brigade had formed, still in the rear.

Up to this time my loss was 8 men killed, 6 officers wounded, and 30 enlisted men wounded, 16 enlisted men missing; total loss, 60.

From this time we were comparatively inactive until the last and final charge, which decided the fate of the day, and in which my regiment participated with as much enthusiasm as could be, notwithstanding the regiment had had no rations for two days. This last charge was attended with no casualties.

Allow me here to say that the officers and men composing this regiment acted throughout the day in a way entirely satisfactory to their commander, and my thanks are especially due Captain Whitehead for the efficient services rendered me on the field. I would respectfully call attention to his brave and gallant conduct during the whole engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

J. T. WEAVER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain J. P. C. WHITEHEAD, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 321.

Report of Major General William H. T. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Reserve Corps.

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 18, 1863.

COLONEL: The reports of the commanding officers of brigades and divisions having been received I hasten to forward them to headquarters, together with my own report as commander of the Reserve Corps.

On October [September] 18, I was ordered by the commanding general to cross the Chickamauga at Alexander's Bridge if practicable. If not, to cross at Byram's Ford, about 1 1/2 miles below. Before reaching the bridge I was informed that I would have to fight for it, as it was held by the enemy. General Liddell, commanding division, was ordered to advance with Walthall's and Govan's brigades [Colonel Govan commanded General Liddell's brigade]. General Walthall advanced upon the bridge and became engaged with the enemy, and after a sharp and short encounter took the bridge, which was torn up by the enemy, making it necessary for the command to cross at Byram's Ford. Colonel Govan's skirmishers were also engaged. Ector's and Wilson's brigades were held in reserve and not engaged. Byram's Ford was crossed at night by the troops, but the ordnance wagons, in consequence of the rocky and uneven nature of the ford, were not crossed until morning. Colonel Wilson's brigade was left to guard the wagons, and the rest of the command bivouacked about a mile from the ford. I received an order that night to report to General Hood's command.

