
[Inclosure No. 3.]

Abstract from report of guns engaged, ammunition expended, &amp;c., in Palmer's battalion of artillery, Walker's division, at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, 1863.

 Batteries	 Bledsoe's	 Martin's	 Total

 	 a	 b

 6-pounder bronze	 ---	 2	 2

Guns	 3-inch rifles	 2	 ---	 2

engaged

 12-pounder	 2	 4	 6

 howitzers

 Rounds of	 125	 112	 237

 ammunition expended

 Men killed	 1	 3	 4

Casualt	 Officers wounded	 ---	 ---	 ---

ies

 Men wounded	 1	 4	 5

 Horses killed	 ---	 3	 3

 Horses wounded	 ---	 3	 3

a Exchanged two howitzers and two 3-inch rifles for four 3-inch rifles.

b Had three guns disabled. The poles of two were broken and the other had a wheel shot to pieces. The other battery [Ferguson's] did not get up for the fight.

Numbers 322.

Report of Brig. General States R. Gist, C. S. Army, commanding Walker's division.

HEADQUARTERS GIST'S BRIGADE, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of the troops under my command in the battle of Chickamauga on Sunday, September 20, last:

Being ordered with my brigade-consisting of the Forty-sixth Georgia Volunteers, Colonel P. H. Colquitt commanding; the Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel C. H. Stevens commanding; the Sixteenth South Carolina Volunteers, Vol. James McCullough commanding; the Eighth Georgia Battalion of Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel L. Napier commanding, and Ferguson's light battery, Lieutenant Beauregard commanding-to Rome, Ga., upon detached service, I did not engage in the affairs of September 18 and 19 with the other troops of the Reserve Corps of Major General W. H. T. Walker.

On the afternoon of Thursday, September 17, I received orders from the general commanding to report with my brigade at Ringgold, Ga., and was further informed that transportation by rail would be afforded me.

I left Rome the next morning upon the arrival of the trains with the Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, Eighth Georgia Battalion, three companies of the Forty-sixth Georgia Volunteers, and Ferguson's battery there not being cars sufficient for the remainder of the command. Upon reaching Kingston I urged the transportation agent to send forward additional cars for that portion of the brigade still at Rome, and he assured me that he would do so promptly. I subsequently telegraphed him from Ringgold to hasten on the rest of the command. The result was that the Sixteenth South Carolina Volunteers and my battery did not join me until the morning of September 23, three days after the battle.

