
reports of Brigadier-General Ector* and Colonel Wilson for particulars in relation to their respective commands, and acknowledge my indebtedness to them for judicious and efficient support.

To Major B. Burgh Smith, brigade inspector; Captain M. P. King, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant L. M. Butler and J. C. Habersham, aides-de-camp, of my staff, I am under great obligations for valuable assistance in reforming commands, extending orders under heavy fires, and other efficient service.

Major J. S. Green, brigade quartermaster; Captain J. A. Bowie, acting brigade commissary, and Lieutenant J. M. Hunt, acting brigade ordnance officer, were at their posts and in efficient discharge of their respective duties.

I would recommend to the favorable notice of the general commanding the distinguished gallantry of Colonel C. H. Stevens, Twenty-fourth South Carolina Volunteers, who, besides being severely wounded, had 2 horses killed under him.

I have the honor to inclose a report* of those officers and men from my own brigade represented by their commanding officers as having conducted themselves meritoriously upon the field of battle.

I cannot close my report without expressing my satisfaction at the conduct and efficiency of the officers, and my admiration for the brave and soldierly bearing of the men of the division which I had the honor to command in the battle of Chickamauga. Their rolls of killed and wounded testify to the place which they occupied in the picture.+

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain Jos. B. CUMMING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 323.

Report of Colonel Claudius C. Wilson, Twenty-fifth Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS WILSON'S BRIGADE, Mission Ridge, October 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: It was not until 1 o'clock on Friday night, the 18th instant [ultimo], that my brigade succeeded in crossing Shallow Ford, on the Chickamauga River, the road having been blocked up by the wagons and artillery trains of the brigades and divisions which preceded us on the march. We bivouacked on the west side of the river that night prepared to follow our division on the next day's march.

The ordnance train of the division not having succeeded in crossing Friday night, I was directed by special order from division headquarters to remain with the train, holding my brigade as a guard until it had crossed, and then to rejoin the division. I immediately detached the Thirtieth Georgia Regiment and sent it to the ford as a guard to that portion of the train that had not crossed, and to fur-

---------------

*Not found.

+Nominal lists of casualties not found. A tabular statement of losses in the Twenty-fourth South Carolina shows 5 officers and 38 men killed, 10 officers and 104 men wounded, 1 officer and 11 men captured, a total of 169.

---------------

