
time our line had come within range of the breastworks, from which a constant and galling fire was poured into our ranks and a heavy force was moving around our left flank. I at once dispatched one of my staff to General Ector, who I knew was a short distance in our rear, with a request that he would move up on my left; but before my messenger reached him, General Forrest had ordered his brigade to the right, a position held up to that time by the cavalry.

In the meantime, the enemy, having turned my left, poured an enfilading fire into our thinned ranks and compelled the whole left of the line to fall back, including the Thirtieth Georgia Regiment, which occupied the center. Observing this movement and pressed by a galling fire in front, the right of the line [made up of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiments] began slowly to fall back. This movement having been promptly arrested, I passed toward the left with a view of rallying the rest of the brigade, and succeeded in restoring some order to the thinned ranks of the Thirtieth Georgia, when I discovered the enemy still pressing around the left toward an open field through which our line had advanced. I thereupon directed Lieutenant-Colonel Boynton, then commanding the Thirtieth Georgia, to fall back a little farther to a wood on the left of the road, intending to reform on it. While this was being done General Ector's brigade went in on the right of my line, and the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiments went with this brigade again into the action and remained with it during the fight of that brigade, and the sharpshooters and Louisiana battalion were rallied and reformed in rear of other troops of our division, which at this time had come up to our relief. Having been reformed and our cartridge boxes replenished, the brigade took up its position again, and remained on the battle-field that night and moved with the division next day.

During the action of this day [Sunday], the 20th instant [ultimo], it was not our fortune to be much engaged. Our ranks had been much reduced, and we mustered not over 450 aggregate.

About 12 m., the right of our line having advanced some distance, we engaged the enemy in a thick wood about half a mile from the Chattanooga road in connection with General Gist's brigade, which was in front of us, and General Ector's, which was in our rear. At this time the three brigades were occupying the same line nearly, and this arrangement necessarily resulted in some confusion. After a very unsatisfactory fight, lasting probably forty-five minutes, and in which we lost some valuable officers and a few men, we were ordered to fall back and reform. This was accomplished, the line falling back a few hundred yards, where we remained until about 5 p.m., when the line was reformed, with General Gist's brigade on the right, General Ector's on the left, and mine in the center, the division being under the command of General Gist, and advanced to the last charge, meeting, however, no enemy, and having the satisfaction of taking up our bivouac upon the field from which our enemy had been driven in confusion.

This brigade entered the fight with an effective force of 1,200 men, and lost during the two days' fighting 99 killed, 426 wounded, and 80 missing. Of the number missing many were wounded and fell into the enemy's hands, but were recaptured with the field hospital he had established near the battle-field. Of the number wounded several have since died, among them Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Williams, commanding the Twenty-fifth Georgia Regiment, a brave and gal-

