
lant officer, to whom much praise is due for his conduct on the field. He fell at his post and in the efficient discharge of his duties.

A list of killed and wounded officers having been furnished, I deem it unnecessary to embody it in this report. I may be permitted to say, however, that among them were numbered the bravest, the truest, and the best.

Where all behaved so well it would be invidious to draw distinctions. I know of no instance in which any officer shrunk from the discharge of his duty, and in mentioning a few who fell under my own observation, I do not mean to disparage those who did not.

I notice as worthy of commendation the cases of Captains A. W. and A. H. Smith, of the Twenty-fifth Georgia Regiment, and Captain Spencer, of the Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiment; Lieutenants Alfred Bryan and N. B. Sadler, First Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, who, notwithstanding they were wounded, remained with their commands through the fight and discharged their duties to the end.

I respectfully ask the favorable consideration of the major-general commanding to the cases of my acting assistant inspector-general [First Lieutenant Robert Wayne] and my acting assistant adjutant-general [First Lieutenant R. E. Lester]. The first was seriously wounded in the leg while in the discharge of his duties, and Lieutenant Lester was wounded in the head and abdomen, under the same circumstances, and had 2 horses killed under him. They were both conspicuous in the fight, riding fearlessly along the line in the thickest of it, distributing orders, rallying the men when broken, and setting an example to all of courage and devotion, and of a cool and intelligent discharge of duty under the most trying circumstances worthy of all commendation. I acknowledge myself greatly indebted to them, and respectfully ask their promotion to the rank of captain in the departments in which they are serving.

I also take great pleasure in noticing the case of First Lieutenant G. R. McRae, adjutant Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiment, who was conspicuous in the fight, encouraging his men and rallying them when broken, and who, being left senior officer after the first engagement, assumed command of the broken remnants and gallantly led them in again on the left of General Ector's brigade.

During the first day's fight many prisoners were taken, but they were turned over at once and no account kept of them, and many were sent to the rear without a guard, not having men to spare for this purpose. One section of my battery alone was able to get into position, and did some service. The enemy had no artillery in our front, and we took no pieces. The field was not such as to render artillery useful.

In addition to the officers above named, who, being wounded, remained on the field, I will add the name of First Lieutenant A. H. Harrell, Company H, Twenty-ninth Georgia Regiment.

About 1 o'clock Sunday afternoon, Private Thomas Henderson, Company A, Fourth Louisiana Battalion, was captured by the enemy, he being in advance of his battalion, but, when the rout of the enemy commenced, made his escape from his guard, and seizing a rifle, on his return to our lines, captured and brought in 6 of the enemy as prisoners, delivering them to the guard of Brigadier-General Bate.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WILSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOS. B. CUMMING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

