
forward to the attack in place of General Breckinridge's division, which had been repulsed in its attack on the enemy's left flank and rear. Here, at the order of Lieutenant-General Polk, General Walthall's brigade was detached from me and moved to the left of General Gist's brigade, which was then making a direct attack on the left of the enemy's line near his breastworks. At the same time an order was given me by General Hill to take Colonel Govan's brigade and move on the Chattanooga road and engage the enemy in his rear. This was about 11 o'clock. After moving forward a short distance, I ordered Colonel Govan to change direction to the left, which he did, finding the enemy in some woods after passing a small field, and pushing him back to the open ground in rear of the left of his fortifications. This was about half a mile in advance of Gist's brigade, and on the Chattanooga road, cut off from all connection with any of our forces. After a severe engagement, in which the enemy gave way opposite the right and pressed forward in large force on the left of the brigade, thus apparently designing to cut him off, Colonel Govan was forced to retire rapidly to avoid destruction.

For the part taken by General Walthall after he was detached from me I refer to his report. On reaching the cover of the timber by a circuitous detour to the right, the brigade was halted and reformed, and soon afterward was joined by General Walthall's command from the left of Gist's. We were ordered now to remain in line awaiting further orders.

About 6 p.m. Lieutenant-General Hill ordered me to move straight forward and occupy the Chattanooga road. I requested General Hill to support me on the left, as I was satisfied, from personal observation during Colonel Govan's attack, that I would be enfiladed. This he said he would give me, and I moved off at once. The line had passed some little distance beyond the Chattanooga road, meeting with little or no resistance to that point, when, as expected, it was enfiladed by batteries on both flanks, while a battery in front played upon it across a waste field. I immediately placed seven pieces of artillery on a high point on the right of General Walthall's brigade, which held the right wing, to engage the enemy's batteries and draw the fire, if possible, from the infantry. My line was parallel with the enemy's works and in his rear, upon his left flank, nearly half a mile. Here I had halted and ordered the men to lie down, no enemy just then appearing in front. There was a wide, open field in front and on my left.

The enemy soon after this apparently left his works and pressed upon the rear of my left flank while his batteries enfiladed me. Soon afterward a cloud of skirmishers suddenly emerged from the woods, encircling my front and right wing. From this combination of attacks my command was forced to withdraw to avoid being captured. A part of my skirmishers were, nevertheless, captured, together with Colonel Scales, Thirtieth Mississippi Regiment, Walthall's brigade. The Federals had left their works at this time in retreat from the field and our whole line was moving upon them. After reforming my command I moved it to the position on the Chattanooga road near McDonald's house, where it bivouacked on the ground it was ordered to hold.

At 10 o'clock Sunday night my scouts reported that the enemy had entirely withdrawn from the field and disappeared toward Lookout Mountain.

In these five different engagements, in the space of 3 days, I lost

