
a great many officers and men, my loss being 162 killed, 963 wounded, and 277 missing; total, 1,404 [1,402], out of an effective total in both brigades of 3, 175 before action.

The attack of the enemy being aimed at our right wing, his force was necessarily large to accomplish his object, and in every instance overpowered me with numbers. In no instance in the last two days' fight did we make an attack without being flanked by the overlapping lines of the enemy, and although forced to give way four different times, serious and heavy loss was inflicted upon the Federals in each attack, and the command always promptly rallied to renew the engagement.

In connection with Sunday evening's affair, it is proper for me to state that the force which was reported by General Forrest about 4 p.m. to Lieutenant-General Hill to be moving from the direction of Chattanooga in support of the enemy's left flank took its position in the edge of the woods on the opposite side of the waste field, in my front, supported its batteries on my right flank and front, and during the last engagement threw forward its skirmishers, which, co-operating with the attack on my left and rear, and the enfilading fires of their artillery, kept every movement of their own side in view as well as our own. This force retired with the balance of the enemy at dusk, having apparently accomplished its object of preventing our getting in his rear.

We took about 800 prisoners, nearly all of which were regulars in the U. S. Army.

Major Coolidge, of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, was killed. Captain Van Pelt, of Loomis' battery, was captured by the Eighth Arkansas and First Louisiana Infantry.

Of the pieces captured, four were secured by Govan's brigade and one by Walthall's. I refer to the reports of brigade commanders for particulars.

Colonel Featherston, of the Fifth Arkansas, was killed early in the first action. Colonel Gillespie and Lieutenant-Colonel Baucum were both wounded.

In Brigadier-General Walthall's brigade Lieutenant-Colonel McKelvaine, Twenty-fourth Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, Twenty-ninth Mississippi; Major Pegram, Thirty-fourth Mississippi; Major Staples, Twenty-fourth Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Twenty-seventh Mississippi; Major Johnson, Thirtieth Mississippi, and Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, Thirtieth Mississippi, were wounded-the last mortally.

Officers and men of both brigades behaved with unusual gallantry, and I have the satisfaction of knowing that they did their duty to their country side by side against greater odds than they have ever hitherto met. Although no brilliant results were directly accomplished, the record for hard fighting cannot be well surpassed. In my humble opinion, it is the best evidence of good soldiers when overpowered by immense numbers on all sides to be able to rally promptly and return again and again to the contest undaunted. The enemy was held in check by the resolute bravery of my two brigades, united with the rest of General Walker's command, until sufficient support could come up to prevent our right flank being turned by General Thomas' corps.

To my two brigade commanders-Brigadier-General Walthall and Colonel Govan-I am greatly indebted for their prompt co-operation in every movement and quick apprehension of the constantly re-

