
curring necessities that arise on a battle-field. I know of no more gallant soldiers, and feel honored by the command of such officers.

My staff-Captain G. A. Williams, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant J. L. Bostick, aide-de-camp-behaved with their usual gallantry and need no commendation at my hands.

Lieutenant Dulin, brigade inspector, was slightly wounded in the forehead.

To my chief surgeon, Dr. McFadden, my thanks are due for his prompt attention to the wounded and their rapid removal from the field, however distant they were from the hospital he had been enabled to establish.

I would respectfully bring to notice the gallantry of Captain Fletcher, of the Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, in repelling the sudden attempt of the enemy to capture two pieces of artillery which were unavoidably delayed in being removed from their position late in the evening of the 20th.

I thank God for permitting us to be the survivors of a great victory for our country.

Respectfully submitted.

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Brigadier-General.

Captain JOS. B. CUMMING,

Asst. Adjt. General, late of the Reserve, Army of Tenn.

Numbers 325.

Report of Captain Charles Swett, Acting Chief of Artillery.

ARTILLERY ENCAMPMENT, LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, October 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the artillery of Liddell's division in the battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20, and also in the affair of the 18th ultimo:

On the morning of September 17, orders were received to be in readiness for an early movement, and at 3 p.m. Liddell's division left La Fayette and moved toward the enemy in the direction of Chattanooga.

At 9 o'clock on the morning of the 18th, the command reached a point on Chickamauga Creek near Alexander's Bridge, but finding it in possession of the enemy, line of battle was formed and an advance made in order to dislodge them. The enemy had but one battery, which was posted near a house on the opposite bank of the creek, and which fired upon our skirmishers, a few shots passing over the line. Fowler's battery was moved to the front and placed in position near the road and on the edge of a cultivated field, from which place a section of his guns were ordered some 300 yards farther to the front by General Liddell, but do not think he fired from the place designated. The battery under command of Lieutenant Shannon was ordered to the right of Walthall's brigade to a position commanding the one occupied by the Federal battery. After firing a few rounds the enemy disappeared, as our fire was not returned nor were they again seen at this place. The fire of our battery was ordered to cease and the command moved forward, crossing the Chicka-

