
mauga at Byram's Ford and encamping for the night 1 mile from that stream.

On the morning of the 19th, the command moved at an early hour and formed line of battle a mile distant from our camp of the previous night, and advanced to the support of Ector's brigade, which was then engaging the enemy. The Warren Light Artillery followed Liddell's brigade, and a portion of Fowler's battery following Walthall's, though neither battery could be brought into action in consequence of the rapid advance of the command and of the character of the ground over which we were moving. At this place a flank movement of the enemy caused the division to fall back, thought Lieutenant Shannon succeeded in firing a few rounds on retiring, in order to check the enemy, but Fowler's battery could not be brought into action [though it was twice halted by myself for that purpose], as the enemy would have surrounded and captured the guns had they been unlimbered. From this position the division moved to the right near a mile distant, and formed line perpendicular to the formation of the morning. From this point the command advanced with the Warren Light Artillery on the right of Liddell's brigade, it being the intention to have Fowler's battery follow on the left of Walthall. As the division moved a Parrott battery opened upon our line, but a few well-directed shots from Fowler's battery either caused it to change position or to retire, as it did not again open. The division advanced but a few hundred yards when it retired to the base of an inclination that it had nearly gained the summit of, which movement was in a measure owing to a battery firing over our line from the rear, and which was connected with Forrest's command. Before the division retired I moved to the front and left to secure a position for Fowler's battery, and while gone Captain [Fowler] permitted one of his lieutenants to move with the brigade to which he is attached with the section under his command, which resulted in the loss of 1 Napoleon gun and 14 horses, though the gun was subsequently retaken.

The Warren Light Artillery was taken at dusk to a position in rear and to the right of Cleburne's division, where, for about half an hour, we shelled the enemy's rear. A caisson and three limbers were taken from the field on the return of the battery to our line, and a James rifled gun and limber was hauled to the company by hand and turned over to Lieutenant [Shannon] by members of the brigade. The division remained in this position till the following morning, when it was moved by the left flank about 1 mile, and afterward 2 miles to the right to a position in rear and to the right of General Breckinridge, who was then engaging the enemy. The division remained here till 10 a.m., when it was ordered forward to the support of General Breckinridge.

On reaching the rear of General [Breckinridge's] command, it was found to be falling back, though repeatedly rallied and renewed the contest. The artillery was ordered into position in rear of the line on the left of the road and fronting the west, which position we were ordered to defend, but did not find it necessary to fire.

Fowler's battery was here moved forward and an effort made to gain a position on the right of our line, which could not be done, in consequence of the infantry continually giving way. We remained here till 4.30 by the road and ascending a hill and taking position in an orchard near McDonald's house and on the right of the division.

