
We succeeded in getting seven guns in position, and engaged a Parrott battery of the enemy distant about 800 yards, but had no sooner opened than we were fired upon by a masked battery 200 yards from our right flank, and by one 1,000 yards from and southwest of us, and by another on the left flank of Liddell's brigade. The effect of our fire was very destructive to the enemy, but we were forced to leave the ground, as the advance of a line of the enemy at a double-quick on the left flank of Liddell's brigade, together with the artillery fire, made the position untenable. The order was not given to the artillery to retire till the last moment, nor until the infantry had fallen back.

The artillery reached the base of the hill, when, being flanked by the Federals and a horse being shot down in a gun of both Fowler's battery and the Warren Light Artillery company, they were checked, and Lieutenant Shannon called upon Captain Fletcher, of the Thirteenth Arkansas, who rallied a few men and secured both pieces, which were soon afterward taken to the rear.

On the morning of the 21st, a gun was ordered by General Liddell to the position occupied by us on the previous evening, and soon afterward both Fowler's battery and the Warren Light Artillery were ordered to the same place. It soon being discovered we had no enemy in our front, the command moved on the La Fayette and Chattanooga road in the direction of the latter place.

A report of the casualties in the artillery of the division has been forwarded.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. SWETT,

Captain, and Acting Chief of Artillery, Liddell's Division.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 326.

Report of Colonel Daniel C. Govan, Second Arkansas Infantry, commanding Liddell's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the recent battle of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20:

On September 18, about 2 p.m., I, with General Walthall's brigade forming a reserve division, commanded by Brigadier-General Liddell, in Walker's corps, arrived in front of Alexander's Bridge, on West Chickamauga Creek. I was ordered to move forward, supporting General Walthall's brigade in an attack to gain possession of the bridge, then held by the enemy. Walthall's brigade, moving forward, soon engaged the enemy, who occupied a dense thicket on the south side of the creek, near the bridge. After firing several volleys he hastily retreated, leaving us in possession of the bridge, which was, however, rendered useless, the planks having been removed. The brigade was not actively engaged excepting the skirmishers, who were thrown forward on General Walthall's left to the creek, sustaining a loss of 1 killed and 5 wounded.

17 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

