
no enemy. Just before reaching the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, Captain Stringfellow, First Louisiana Regiment, in command of the skirmishers, reported to me that he saw two of the enemy's batteries in position about 250 yards from my left flank on either side of the above-mentioned road, supported by a long line of infantry. Jackson's brigade, which was some distance to my left and rear, having engaged the enemy in his front, had halted, thus leaving my left entirely unprotected.

Upon examination I found the report of Captain Stringfellow to be correct, discovering the enemy to be in position as he represented. It was impossible from the disposition of the enemy's forces for me to extricate myself by changing my front. Reaching a position just across the road and on a line with General Walthall's left, I ordered the men to lied down. The enemy immediately opened fire from the two batteries on my left, also with small-arms, while two batteries, afterward ascertained to be on General Walthall's right, opened almost at the same time. Under this heavy and galling fire no other alternative was left but to withdraw the brigade as speedily as possible to save it from annihilation or capture.

The brigade retreated in considerable confusion, but was promptly rallied and reformed 300 or 400 yards in rear. Shortly thereafter I again advanced to a position near the house of Mr. McDonald, on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, and some distance to the right of the position from which I had just been driven. Just about this time the enemy's lines gave way in every quarter and the battle was ended.

The loss in officers and privates was very heavy, being over 50 per cent of the number carried into the fight, a report* of which is herewith forwarded.

For instances of individual bravery and skill among company officers and privates, I refer you to reports of regimental commanders. Among the field officers Lieutenant Colonels John E. Murray and R. F. Harvey, the former commanding the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, the latter the Second and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments, were particularly distinguished for their gallantry during the engagement, and by their coolness and skill on two occasions saved their regiments from capture. I strongly recommend the first [Lieutenant-Colonel Murray] to the favorable consideration of the President as one particularly distinguished for his skill and gallantry in the battle of Chickamauga.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Harvey, then commanding the Second and Fifteenth Regiments, an equal meed of praise is due, but, unfortunately for the service, this gallant officer died on the 30th instant, of disease contracted by overexertion on the field, lamented by all who knew him.

To Captain Fletcher, Company A, Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, I am indebted for saving one piece of Swett's battery, which had several horses disabled, and but for his timely efforts would have fallen into the enemy's hands. He seized the colors of the Second and Fifteenth Arkansas Regiments and rallied enough men to drive back the enemy, whose skirmishers were within a short distance of the gun. Lieutenant Shannon, commanding Swett's battery, handled it with distinguished skill and gallantry, and most effectively whenever an opportunity offered.

The members of my staff-Lieutenant J. G. Warfield, acting assistant

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

