
inspector-general; Lieutenant W. S. Sawrie, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant G. T. Snowden, aide-de-camp-rendered me efficient aid and were always at my command.

In conclusion, as an act of justice to the brigade which I had the honor to command, and with which I have been associated in all the hard-contested battles in the west, from Shiloh to this last memorable one, I beg leave to state that they never failed to drive the enemy in their front, and advanced each time with a single line unsupported, and with one or the other of my flanks unprotected, and on no former occasion was their courage and endurance more severely tested, nor in any previous battle did they ever exhibit more determined bravery and gallantry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. GOVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 327.

Report of Captain A. T. Meek, Second Arkansas Infantry, commanding Second and Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry.

HDQRS. SECOND AND FIFTEENTH ARKANSAS REGTS., October 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Chickamauga of September 18,19, and 20, in which this regiment was engaged:

On the morning of the 18th, we took up line of march from Rock Springs, marching in a northwesterly direction. About 10.30 a.m. our brigade was thrown in line of battle [Walthall's brigade on our right] fronting Alexander's Bridge. Our skirmishers were advanced through an open field near the above-named bridge. Walthall advanced and drove the enemy from his position. We were then withdrawn; moved by the right flank to Byram's Ford. We crossed Chickamauga, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 19th, we were moved on [Chattanooga and La Fayette] road, where we halted until about 10.30, when we were again thrown in line of battle, Walthall still on our right, our left unsupported. Our skirmishers were thrown out. We moved forward about 1 1/2 miles before we met the enemy, when we were ordered to charge, the Second and Fifteenth occupying the left center, the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas on the left. The enemy were driven before us in great confusion. The left of the brigade being flanked and suffering from an enfilading fire, we were ordered to fall back, leaving the left of the Second and Fifteenth unprotected. Finding we were being flanked on the left, we were ordered to fall back. During the charge we passed one or two batteries of Parrott guns, but were unable to get but two pieces off, capturing a great number of prisoners, the prisoners stating it was the first time their line ever was broken. They were the United States regulars. We fell back and reformed; rested some two hours, when we were again moved by the right flank to a position on the right of Cheatham, Walthall being on our left. Skirmishers were advanced, and we

