
soon encountered the enemy in a very strong position. Walthall became very hotly engaged, and was compelled to fall back, leaving the left of our brigade in an enfilading fire. The Sixth and Seventh fell back, when Lieutenant-Colonel Harvey ordered the Second and Fifteenth to hold their position, which they did until we got orders to fall back. The regiment suffered severely in killed and wounded. We then reformed our lines, and held the position until General Cleburne relieved us. We remained in this position over night.

On the morning of the 20th, we moved by the right flank and took our position on the right of General Breckinridge, advancing our skirmishers through a glade and open field. We re-encountered the enemy, and received a heavy fire from them. We were ordered to charge, which we did, and drove the enemy before us until our support on the left was repulsed and we were flanked. We were at this time on the west side of the Chattanooga road. The Second and Fifteenth, Eighth [Arkansas], and First Louisiana, Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas were faced by the rear rank and marched back through the field and by the right flank to get out of an enfilading fire. The regiment was reformed, and took a position, which we kept until about 4 p.m., when we were ordered forward and our movements were conformed to the right. The brigade on our left was soon heavily engaged. After passing half a mile we were enfiladed from the left by the enemy, and were compelled to fall back under a heavy fire, and reformed and took position on the right of Gist's brigade.

This is not by any means a definite report of this regiment.

Yours, respectfully,

A. T. MEEK,

Captain, Comdg. Second and Fifteenth Arkansas.

Colonel D. C. GOVAN.

Numbers 328.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Murray, Fifth Arkansas Infantry, commanding Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTH AND THIRTEENTH ARK. REGTS., October 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my command in the battle of Chickamauga, fought on September 18,19, and 20:

About 2 p.m. on September 18, the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, then commanded by Colonel L. Featherston, in conjunction with the other regiments of Liddell's brigade, were ordered to support the brigade of Brigadier-General Walthall in an attempt fo force a passage from the south to the north side of Chickamauga Creek at Alexander's Bridge. Almost immediately afterward the regiments, with the rest of Liddell's brigade, were posted on General Walthall's left, and two companies were thrown forward as skirmishers on a line with those of General Walthall's brigade. The skirmishers were immediately pressed forward and soon became engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy, who were posted on the south side of the creek. The regiment was in the meantime also moved forward

