
by Colonel Featherston, but, though subjected to a heavy fire of artillery, which wounded 2 men in Captain Green's company [C], did not become engaged.

After a spirited skirmish of about an hour and a half, in which the companies of Captains Howell and Fletcher, which were deployed as skirmishers, lost 2 men killed and 4 wounded, the enemy retired to the north bank of the creek and destroyed the bridge, or, at least, rendered it impassable by taking up the planks.

The command was then moved about a mile down the creek to Byram's Ford, where it was crossed. It took the command until dark to cross the creek. After crossing it was moved about 1 mile in a southwest direction, where it bivouacked for the night.

At daylight on the following morning [September 19], was moved about 1 mile farther in a southwest direction, where it was halted on the bank of Chickamauga Creek until about 10 a.m., when it was ordered, with the brigade, to the support of Brigadier-General Ector, who was then being heavily pressed by the enemy. Line of battle was immediately formed, facing to the north, and the command was moved forward. After moving about half a mile over a flat, rocky, and wooded country we suddenly came in contact with the enemy. The country being covered with a thick undergrowth of wood was such that it was impossible to see the enemy until we were very close upon him. He was posted in strong force in a slight depression in the ground, with his artillery on a slight ridge or elevation immediately in his rear. This position was immediately charged by this command, and after a short but sanguinary struggle the enemy was driven back in great confusion, leaving his artillery in our possession.

In this charge Colonel L. Featherston was killed while gallantly leading his men to victory. He was struck by a musket ball in the right hip and died almost immediately after being carried to the hospital.

I at once assumed command of the regiment and ordered it to press forward on the enemy's second line, which was done in gallant style, and this line of the enemy's was soon broken and scattered as the first had been, and more artillery was captured, as well as a good many continued to press forward and soon engaged the third line of the enemy. While fighting this line the troops upon my left began to give way in some confusion. Not understanding the reason for this, I made strenuous exertions to keep my men from falling back, but while I was thus engaged I was notified by Major Green, who had been nearer the left, and could consequently see better what was going on there, that the enemy had succeeded in turning the left of the brigade and were then in my rear. I was convinced that his report was correct by being fired on at this time from the rear. The command was immediately moved by the right flank. After moving in this manner for about three-quarters of a mile, the command was halted and reformed in rear of Major-General Cheatham's line.

The most of the artillery captured from the enemy in this fight was retaken by them, as all the horses, except one or two to each piece, were either killed or wounded, in consequence of which it was impossible to bring it away. I have no doubt that several of my men were captured here by the enemy as we were falling back, as well as a good many of their men who had been captured and sent to the rear before we commenced falling back.

