
Lieutenant William T. Jones, of my command, rallied a few men from the different regiments of the brigade, and, charging the enemy with a yell, succeeded in staying his progress until re-enforcements arrived and saved the battery. This was an act of gallantry that has seldom been surpassed in this war and deserves to be rewarded. This was the last time that my command was engaged during this battle.

Shortly after the lines were reformed, my command was moved up on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road to the right of the position where we fought in the evening, where we staid all night in line of battle, expecting the enemy to fall back by this road; but it was found on the following morning that he had fallen back during the night by some other route.

My loss in this battle was 2 officers and 36 men killed, 12 officers and 119 men wounded, and 1 officer and 32 men missing; making a total of 202 killed, wounded, and missing out of about 450 carried into action.

In addition to those already mentioned for gallantry, Privates J. K. Leslie, Company C, and J. K. Pyburn, Company G, Fifth Arkansas, and P. A. Hern, Company A, and William Gamble, Company B, Thirteenth Arkansas, were conspicuous for gallantry on the field. In fact, the whole regiment, with very few exceptions, behaved well, No men could have performed their duties better under the circumstances, and my only regret is that we were, unfortunately, so placed on more than one occasion as to be obliged to fall back without having an opportunity of repaying the enemy the damage inflicted upon us.

We are again called upon to mourn the loss of some of our most gallant men, who have fallen in their endeavors to rid our country of the presence of a vile invader. May they rest in peace.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. MURRAY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas.

Lieutenant W. S. SAWRIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Liddell's Brigade.

Numbers 329.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Snyder, Seventh Arkansas Infantry, commanding Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments [consolidated]. Colonel D. A. Gillespie commanding, in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 19th, at 11 o'clock, the command was ordered to advance, and morning forward in the line of battle [with skirmishers deployed in front of and on the left flank of the regiment, this being the left regiment of the brigade] about 1 mile, when we found the enemy in line lying down awaiting our attack. He did not reply to the fire of our skirmishers, but awaited until the line

