
came up, when he poured in a very heavy fire, which was returned by the regiment and immediately followed by a charge which drove the enemy in confusion, leaving his artillery in position in front of the regiment, when a desperate fight ensued with their second line, which lasted for some twenty minutes, when their cavalry and infantry flanked us on the left and compelled us to fall back to a point about half a mile in rear of the position, where the brigade was reformed and moved on the extreme right of the line occupied by our forces.

At about 2 p.m. we again advanced. While moving to the front the regiment was thrown somewhat in confusion by a section of artillery, which had been unlimbered in ranks, but recovered from this readily; moved on about 100 paces to the front, where it was halted and received a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry from the left oblique, where the enemy was in position [as was afterward ascertained] behind log breastworks, the troops on our left having been compelled to fall back on account of the murderous fire poured into them by the enemy. We were charged by him, coming almost directly down upon the left flank of the regiment, when it gave way and took position in rear of the hill over which we had advanced, where we lay all night, and next morning were moved to the left near the point at which we met the enemy the preceding morning, and immediately moved back to the right. At about 12 m. engaged the enemy for the third time, when we drove him back to his breastworks, but, owing to the heavy loss sustained and the want of support to our left, we were unable to drive him any farther. While in front of and about 100 yards distant from his breastworks, the enemy threw a very heavy column of infantry upon our left flank and compelled us to retire.

At about 3.30 p.m. we again advanced, with Jackson's brigade on our left, which felt the enemy first and halted to fire upon him; continued to [move] forward until we reached the Will's Valley and Chattanooga road, where we found two batteries of the enemy in position on our left, supported by a heavy infantry force, which poured a most murderous fire of canister and grape down our line, and soon as I saw the regiment thus exposed to an enfilading fire of artillery and infantry, and entirely without support on the left, I withdrew my command to a point about 400 yards to the rear, and afterward moved forward to the road, where we remained until we left the field.

PETER SNYDER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments.

Colonel D. C. GOVAN,

Commanding First Arkansas Brigade.

Numbers 330.

Report of Major A. Watkins, Eighth Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP EIGHTH ARK. AND FIRST LA. REGTS., Near Chattanooga, October 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report as the action of this command in the engagements of September 18,19, and 20, known as the battle of Chickamauga:

At about 12 m. on the 18th, this regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Baucum, in conjunction with the brigade, was

