
on my left [excepting the Second Arkansas, on my immediate left] had given way, and I found that the enemy was in force on my left and also in my rear. Here I met Lieutenant-Colonels Murray and Harvey, and after a short consultation we determined not to advance any farther, but, if possible, to rejoin our division. Knowing the enemy to be in our rear, we were compelled to make a considerable circuit in order to get around them.

We are indebted to a member of General Forrest's command, who conducted us by the most practicable route.

It was by this time nearly 2 o'clock. Later in the afternoon we moved again to the front, and agreeably to instructions I conformed to the movements on the right. We advanced through the same open field, already described, and having advanced about 100 yards beyond the Chattanooga road, we were ordered to halt and to lie down. The regiments on my left did not advance on the line with me, but were 300 yards in my rear and 100 yards to my left. I could see no enemy in my front, but I saw a battery and a line of battle getting in position on my left flank. Very soon the enemy opened a heavy fire upon us from the woods on our left. We retreated back into the woods, where we reformed and again advanced to a position commanding the Chattanooga road, where we remained for the night.

Not having had command of the regiment at the commencement of the battle, I cannot report with certainty the number carried in, but I believe it to have been 43 officers and 344 enlisted men.

In conclusion, I am proud to say that, with but two or three exceptions, both officers and men acted gallantly and with coolness, never turning their backs to the enemy when they met him in front.

My loss was 14 killed, 92 wounded, and 65 missing.

Very respectfully,

A. WATKINS,

Major, Eighth Arkansas Regiment.

[Lieutenant] W. S. SAWRIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Liddell's Brigade.

Numbers 331.

Report of Lieutenant H. Shannon, Swett's [Mississippi] battery.

ARTILLERY ENCAMPMENT, LIDDELL'S BRIGADE, Front of Chattanooga, October 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on September 17, the division, under command of Brigadier-General Liddell, with the battery under my command, left La Fayette, Ga., and advanced to meet the enemy in the direction of Chattanooga, reaching a point near Alexander's Bridge, on Chickamauga Creek, on the morning of the 18th, at about 11 o'clock, when a line of battle was formed, with Brigadier-General Walthall on the right. I was ordered to take position on the right of Walthall's brigade, in order to silence a Federal battery that was firing upon us from a point near a house on the opposite bank of the creek. I opened as directed with both rifle and Napoleon guns, and continued firing as long as an enemy was visible at that place. At about the time I ceased firing, the building was discovered to be in

