
flames, which was either the work of the enemy or caused by our shells. About 4 p.m. the brigade moved down the creek, crossing at Byram's Ford and encamping for the night.

On the morning of the 19th, the brigade moved forward, forming line of battle and advancing against the enemy at [11?] a.m., the battery following in rear of the center. Owing to the nature of the ground, and the rapidity with which the brigade advanced, I found it impossible to get the battery into position to render assistance. The dense woods prevented me from checking a movement of the enemy in which he succeeded in taking our left in flank and rear, compelling us to fall back. I placed the battery in position some distance to the rear and opened on the enemy, thus checking his advance.

About 3 p.m. we formed in line of battle to the right of and perpendicular to our position of the morning, taking possession of a ridge, the battery on the right of the brigade. I opened on the enemy in our front and continued firing for a short time, when the command was compelled to fall back to the base of the ridge, partly in consequence of a battery on our left and rear belonging to General Forrest's command firing so closely over us as barely to miss the line. I dispatched 2 couriers to the commander of the battery mentioned, with orders to cease firing. The brigade remained in this position during the night.

General Cleburne's command advanced on the enemy from this position about dusk, when I moved the battery to the right and rear of his line, and for half an hour shelled the enemy's rear, receiving occasional intelligence from Brigadier-General Polk, directing our fire. From this point, on our return to the position occupied by the brigade. I hauled one caisson and limber filled with 10-pounder Parrott ammunition, and two limbers filled with Napoleon ammunition. The Second and Fifth Arkansas hauled to our camp by hand that night one James rifled gun and limber with ammunition, all of which ordnance and ordnance stores were turned over to General Forrest the next morning.

On the morning of the 20th, the command moved by the left flank to a position about 1 mile distant, and after forming line moved by the right flank to a point in rear of and to the right of Breckinridge's command. About 10 a.m. we were ordered forward to support General Breckinridge. After reaching the rear of his command the artillery of the corps was ordered into position to await further developments. In consequence of the infantry being unable to make any progress against the enemy's works at this point, the artillery was ordered to remain in this position and defend it to the last extremity.

About 4.30 p.m. Walker's corps was ordered forward, the battery following by the road and taking position on a hill in an orchard near Mcdonald's house and on the right of the line. I was not aware that more than one of the enemy's batteries commanded this position, which was a very exposed one, until I opened fire on the only battery visible, posted about 800 yards northwest from my position. As soon as I engaged this battery a masked battery, not more than 200 yards distant from our right flank, opened upon us, completely enfilading the line of infantry. At the same time a battery opened on us from a position southwest from the one I occupied, distant about 1,000 yards; also two directly on the left flank of the brigade. I engaged the battery northwest of us, disabling at least 2

