
of its guns [which fact was ascertained the following morning], when it was ascertained that a line of Federal infantry, which was plainly in view, was moving at a double-quick on the left flank of the brigade, which, together with the fire of the five batteries mentioned, made the position untenable for either infantry or artillery. The infantry being thus compelled to give way. I was ordered to retire with the battery, which was done as expeditiously as possible, but on reaching the foot of the hill east of McDonald's house, a line of Federal skirmishers being within 30 yards of us, killed the off wheel horse in the leading gun, thereby causing the piece to upset and breaking the pole. The rest of the battery passed the disabled piece before the enemy had time to reload. They, however, closed upon the disabled gun quickly, capturing Lieutenant W. P. McDonald and several wounded men; also the gunner of the piece [Corpl. Joseph Ashton]. I immediately called upon the infantry, which call was responded to by Captain T. J. Fletcher, of the Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, who promptly seized the nearest stand of colors, and rallying a few men, gallantly charged the enemy, driving them before him, securing the piece and also one lost by Captain Fowler near the same spot, and recapturing our wounded. I had not only my own gun, but Captain Fowler's, promptly removed to the rear. The movement Captain Fletcher attracted the attention of the enemy, Corpl. Joseph Ashton gallantly fled from his captors and rejoined his command in time to render efficient aid in removing the guns.

A report of the killed and wounded in the battery has been forwarded.

On the morning of the 21st, the battery moved forward to the position occupied the previous day, but no enemy was visible and the battle of Chickamauga was ended.

H. SHANNON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Swett's Battery.

Lieutenant W. S. SAWRIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 332.

Report of Brig. General Edward C. Walthall, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S BRIGADE, Near Chattanooga, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Chickamauga in what concerns my own command:

On Friday [September 18], about 1 p.m., when the head of Major-General Walker's column reached a point about a half mile from Alexander's Bridge, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Liddell, commanding division, to form line of battle with the left of my brigade resting on the road leading to the bridge and to move forward, guiding left and keeping the road to my left. The line was formed almost at right angle to the road, the right slightly retired, and skirmishers covering my entire front were thrown forward about 200 yards. These dispositions made, I moved forward through a dense thicket,

