
ridge in front of me had been gained. Here the enemy, strongly posted, delivered a very heavy fire of artillery and small-arms. The advance was checked, and in the course of ten or fifteen minutes my line was forced to retire to its original position on Brigadier-General Jackson's right, and I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding to remain there until further orders. Four guns of Fowler's battery were posted during this last movement in rear of Liddell's division, and opened fire on a battery of the enemy which was shelling the troops on the left, and silenced it in a few minutes. One section under Lieutenant Phelan, in an attempt to follow my brigade when it moved to General Cheatham's right, passed, by reason of another command being mistaken for mine, beyond the right of my line, and was put in position at a point where the infantry supporting it was forced to fall back before a superior force of the enemy after a short engagement. All the horse of one piece were killed, and all but one of the other either killed or wounded. One piece was lost, but afterward recaptured; the other was brought off. The loss in killed and wounded in this section was heavy, and the pieces used with great effect.

In the engagement on Saturday afternoon, Major Pegram, commanding Thirty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, and Major Staples, commanding Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, were severely, wounded, and Captain Smith, the senior captain of the latter, having been slightly wounded, the command of that regiment devolved on Captain Toomer till the next morning, when Captain Smith reported for duty and assumed command. The command of the Thirty-fourth Regiment devolved on Captain Bowen after Major Pegram was wounded.

When Captain Fowler reported that one of the pieces under Lieutenant Phelan had been lost on my right, the line in the meantime having fallen back and the firing having ceased, the Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, under command of Captain Toomer, was sent to the right, under the supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, field officer of the day, to a point opposite where the gun was said by Lieutenant Phelan to have been taken by the enemy, and moved forward, driving back the enemy's skirmishers till it was ascertained that the enemy, who had retired from the position he occupied when the gun was taken, had removed the gun before falling back. The regiment was then ordered back to its proper position in line.

At an early hour on Sunday morning my command was moved by the left flank, by order of the brigadier-general commanding, to the rear of Major-General Cheatham's line, and then back past the position where it had spent to the right, a distance of about 1 1/2 miles, in rear of where Major-General Breckinridge's forces were engaged, and halted about three-quarters of a mile from the Chattanooga road.

About 12 o'clock [and after one or two unimportant changes of position] Lieutenant-General Polk directed me to move to the left to a point to be indicated by Major Ratchford, of Lieutenant-General Hill's staff, to the support of Brigadier-General Polk. I moved by the left flank to the point indicated by Major Ratchford, who accompanied me, and advanced my line under a heavy fire from the enemy, which commenced before I got into position. I pressed forward 200 or 300 yards under this fire through dense undergrowth until the enemy opened fire on my left flank from the angle of his fortifications just opposite. About the same time an impression, afterward

