
soon appeared, and occupied the road in time to cut off and capture most of the skirmishers, with several off their officers, who covered my front in the field.

Colonel J. I. Scales, commanding Thirtieth Mississippi Regiment, was captured here, and Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiment, then acting as field officer of the day, was wounded. He, however, returned to duty next morning.

With the 3 remaining field officers [and 1 of them slightly wounded but still on duty] out of the 10 with whom I had gone into action Saturday morning, my broken line was promptly reformed and moved forward. The enemy had withdrawn before I again reached the Chattanooga road, and I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding soon after dark to take position in a field to the right of Govan's brigade [which was posted near McDonald's house and east of the Chattanooga road], and to construct such temporary protection for the men as could be made of rails, &amp;c., in front of my line. Just after I got the field with my command I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding to move it back into the woods in rear of Colonel Govan, two shells, to which the enemy replied from a battery in front, having been thrown directly over my line from some battery in my rear, the first one exploding just over the Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment and severely wounding a man of that command.

The next day the whole corps moved toward Chattanooga by the main road, it having been ascertained that the enemy had retired during the night.

In this battle, out of 10 field officers, 134 company officers, and 1,683 enlisted men which I carried in, I lost 705, of whom 69 were killed, and 12 have since died from their wounds. A full report* of casualties is herewith submitted.

To all of my regimental commanders and to Captain Fowler, of Fowler's battery, I am indebted for their cordial support and a gallant, faithful, and skillful discharge of duty at all times during the battle, as I am to the officers and men of their commands for the coolness, daring, and persistence [except in a very few instances] which marked their action throughout all the engagements.

For individual instances of gallantry, and for a more perfect understanding of details, I respectfully refer to the reports of regimental and battery commanders herewith submitted.

To the several members of my staff my thanks are due for the valuable aid I received at their hands by means of their prompt attention to all their duties and their gallant bearing under all circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. A. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 333.

Report of Lieutenant John C. Harrison, Acting Ordnance Officer.

HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S BRIGADE, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the battle of Chickamauga I was in charge of the ordnance of this brigade, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

