
was under the immediate command of the ordnance officer of Liddell's brigade, General Liddell at that time commanding division.

The ordnance of the brigade was kept during the engagement at the distance of about half a mile from the brigade and in its rear, keeping up a regular communication with the brigade by means of the details furnished for that purpose and the ordnance sergeants. Whenever there was a cessation in the firing I caused the ordnance sergeants to take charge of the details and furnish their respective regiments with such ammunition as they desired. The amount of ammunition expended was 61,667 rounds.

I would state that this brigade is mostly armed with Enfield rifles, using ammunition caliber Nos..57 and .58; that the caliber No..57 was loose and never choked the guns, while the No..58, after the first few rounds, was found too large, and frequently choking the guns to the extent that they could not be forced down, thereby creating some uneasiness among the men using that number of ammunition.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. HARRISON,

Lieutenant, and Acting Ordnance Officer, Walthall's Brigade.

Major E. B. D. RILEY,

Chief of Ordnance, Hindman's Division.

Numbers 334.

Report of Captain J. D. Smith, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Infantry.

CAPTAIN: In relation to the action of this regiment in the recent engagements on and near the Chickamauga River on September 18, 19, and 20, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report:

At about 1 p.m. on the 18th, the brigade being drawn up in line of battle about 1 mile from the river, the order "forward, guide left" was received, and we began to move forward through the dense undergrowth in our front. The movements of the regiments on our left being very rapid, and the direction of the front of the brigade being changed to the left, the Twenty-fourth, soon after starting, was compelled, in order to keep upon the line, to take the double-quick and then the run, making something similar to a "left turn," which continued for nearly a mile. In this movement the regiment became much confused and scattered, and did not arrive on the line at the river in time to take any part in the engagement which occurred there, any more than to fire a few shots at the enemy's skirmishers. The enemy having retired, the regiment, with the brigade, crossed the river about 5 p.m., and after marching about a mile bivouacked during the night by the roadside.

Early on the morning of the 19th, we again moved forward about 1 mile and halted while Hood's division passed us. At 9 a.m. were again drawn up in line of battle, when we moved forward about 200 yards, and having taken our position on the line, at about 11 or 12 o'clock, moved forward to the attack, Wilson's brigade passing to our rear in much disorder and confusion. This regiment in the advance, passed through a corn-field, which divided the regiment into two parts, the left being in the field and the right in the woods.

