
Here we met the enemy's fire at a distance of not more than 50 yards and were ordered to lie down, and did not suffer much from the fire. In a few minutes the order came down the line, "rise up, forward," and immediately afterward we received the order to "charge." This we did, driving the enemy before us, killing, wounding, and capturing many, driving the enemy from their battery and passing some 50 yards beyond it, when we were halted by the order of the general, our line reformed, and were ordered to fall back.

In this charge Lieutenant Colonel R. P. McKelvaine dismounted, and, seizing the colors, carried them forward and planted them at the enemy's battery, and turning to leave received a ball in the right cheek, which passed out at his mouth. He, however, remained directing the movements of the regiment until it had retired in good order from the field and was drawn up in line in the position of the morning.

At about 3 p.m. we were moved by the right flank about half a mile to our right and drawn up in line in a hollow, where we were ordered to lie down. In a few minutes were again ordered forward, and advancing to the top of the ridge were met by a murderous fire from the enemy, who were strongly posted on the opposite ridge. It was here that Major W. C. Staples received a wound in his back and was carried from the field. About this time, in conformity with the movements of the left of the brigade, we were ordered to retire, and we fell back again into the ravine. Having established a line of skirmishers upon the brow of the hill, the brigade was moved to the right, and the Twenty-fourth was alone ordered forward to bring off a gun that had been left on the field, all its horses being killed by the enemy, Captain B. F. Toomer commanding the regiment, Captain Smith being slightly wounded. In this movement the regiment was exposed to a heavy fire of infantry and artillery and compelled to retire without effecting the object for which it was moved forward. Colonel Reynolds was sent, by order of General Walthall, to assist Captain Toomer in managing this movement. The line was established, and bivouacked during the night in the ravine.

Early on the morning of the 20th, we were moved by the left flank about 2 miles to the left, where we were drawn up in line and remained about an hour. We were again moved to the right about 2 1/2 miles and our line formed on the crest of a high ridge. Here General Polk appeared on the line, and soon after we began to move forward, advancing about half a mile, and then moving to the left were moved up on the line of attack. Here the regiment was thrown into confusion by being ordered not to fire upon our friends, while we were suffering severely from a heavy fire from the enemy, and after remaining under fire for several minutes without any chance to return it we retired in confusion. The line was, however, promptly reformed and moved to the right and took position in an open field, where we remained until about 3 o'clock. We were then moved forward in good order and ordered to lie down on the crest of the hill. Having done this the battery was planted in front of our lines, which drew upon us the fire of three of the enemy's batteries. Having remained here for some time under a terrific fire, the left of the brigade giving way, we were ordered to fall back. This was done in great confusion and some time was required to rally and reform the men, who were almost perishing for water. In this movement several men were captured by the enemy. At length the line was moved up again and began to fire upon the enemy, when, being mistaken

