
for Yankees, we were fired upon by Forrest's artillery. We were then ordered by the general to retire; having done which, and the line being reformed, we took our position on the ground over which we had fought, and bivouacked during the night.

In these engagements the regiment suffered severely, having both field officers and 7 company officers wounded. The aggregate loss of the regiment in killed, wounded, and missing, was 132. Killed, 10; wounded, 103; missing, 19-12 of whom are probably captured; 7 unaccounted for.

Your most obedient servant,

J. D. SMITH,

Senior Captain, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Mississippi.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-The officers all did their duty, but allow me to mention Asst. Surg. O. C. Brothers, on account of his gallantry in assisting in rallying the regiment twice.

Numbers 335.

Report of Colonel James A. Campbell, Twenty-seventh Mississippi Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH MISS. REGIMENT, Near Chattanooga, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular of the 4th instant from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit this my report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga on September 18,19, and 20;

On the 18th, about 1 p.m., the battle line was formed on the west side of Chickamauga Creek about three-quarters of a mile from Alexander's Bridge, the line making an angle of about 45 with the road leading to the bridge. I was then instructed to move forward at the sound of the bugle and to guide to the left and dress on the Twenty-ninth Mississippi Regiment. The forward movement commenced, but owing to the fact that the woods were very dense and many fences to cross, and that the regiments on the right of the brigade [my regiment being next to the right regiment] had much farther to march than those on the left, the movement assumed more the nature of a left wheel than a forward movement, and my regiment was compelled to take the double-quick step, which caused some confusion, but pressed forward as fast as possible until my left struck the bank of the creek, at which point the enemy from the other side of the creek fired upon them, which was responded to promptly and sharply. On discovering that the banks of the creek were very abrupt on both sides, and not knowing the depth of the water, I ordered my regiment to lie down on the bank of the creek and hold their position. The enemy abandoned his position and fled. The regiment remained in their position until about 4 p.m.

I received orders to move by the right flank down to a ford some 2 miles lower down, and crossed about sundown and bivouacked about 1 mile from the ford during the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 19th, we moved up the road about 1 mile and halted, where we remained until about 9 a.m., when we were moved about 1 1/2 miles to our right, where heavy firing was heard.

