
trated opposite his center, and deceive by the information from deserters and others sent into his lines, the enemy pressed on his columns to intercept us and thus exposed himself in detail.

Major-General Hindman received verbal instructions on the 9th to prepare his division to move against this force, and was informed that another division from Lieutenant-General Hill's command, at La Fayette, would join him. That evening the following written orders were issued to Generals Hindman and Hill:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Lee and Gordon's Mills, September 9, 1863-11.45 p. m.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: You will move with your division immediately to Davis' Cross-Roads, on the road from La Fayette to Stevens's Gap. At this point you will put yourself in communication with the column of General Hill, ordered to move to the same point, and take command of the joint forces, or report to the officer commanding Hill's column according to rank. If in command you will move upon the enemy, reported to be 4,000 or 5,000 strong, encamped at the foot of Lookout Mountain at Stevens' Gap. Another column of the enemy is reported to be at Cooper's Gap; number not known.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Lee and Gordon's Mills, September 9, 1863-11.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HILL,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose orders given to General Hindman. General Bragg directs that you send or take, as your judgment dictates, Cleburne's division to unite with General Hindman at Davis' Cross-Roads tomorrow morning. Hindman starts at 12 o'clock to-night, and he has 13 miles to make. The commander of the column thus united will move upon the enemy encamped at the foot of Stevens' Gap, said to be 4,000 or 5,000. If unforeseen circumstances should prevent your movement, notify Hindman. A cavalry force should accompany your column. Hindman has none. Open communication with Hindman with your cavalry in advance of the junction. He marches on the road from Dr. Anderson's to Davis' Cross'Roads.

I am, general, &c.,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the receipt of his order, during the night, General Hill replied that the movement required by him was impracticable, as General Cleburne was sick, and both the gaps (Dug and Catlett's) had been blocked by felling timber, which would require twenty-four hours for its removal.

Not to lose this favorable opportunity-Hindman, by a prompt movement, being already in position-the following orders were issued at 8 a. m. on the 10th, for Major-General Buckner to move with his two divisions and report to Hindman:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Lee and Gordon's Mills, September 10, 1863-8 a. m.

Major-General BUCKKNER,

Anderson's:

GENERAL: I inclose orders issued last night to Generals Hill and Hindman. General Hill has found it impossible to carry out the part assigned to Cleburne's division. The general commanding desires that you will execute without delay the order issued to General Hill. You can move to Davis' Cross-Roads by the direct road from your present position at Anderson's, along which General Hindman has passed.

I am, general, &c.,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

