
About 11 a.m. we engaged the enemy near a corn-field, they in the woods and we in the field. The firing was rapid and heavy, but only lasted a few minutes, when the order was given to charge. The men of my regiment with a shout rose and drove the enemy in their front some half a mile, capturing a battery as they went, but, being flanked, had to fall back. Owing to the rapidity of the forward movement, and the loss of many officers and men in killed and wounded, the retreat was attended with some confusion; but on falling back to the woods to where the original line was formed, we reformed and were moved by the flank in front of a corn-field in which the enemy had taken position, halted a few minutes, and moved up to the fence and lay down, from which point a brisk fire ensued. Discovering the left of the brigade falling back, I ordered my regiment back about a quarter of a mile, where we reformed and remained during the night.

On the morning of the 20th, about 6 a.m., we moved by the left flank about 1 mile on the left, where we remained until about 8 a. m. We were then moved by the right flank about 3 miles to our right, where we were again moved forward to engage the enemy. The fire opened heavily about 11 o'clock on the left of the brigade and slightly in my own regiment, but it was soon discovered that our friends were in our front. The firing was immediately stopped, but not without causing considerable confusion, which made it necessary to fall back and reform, which was done. We were then moved by the right flank a quarter of a mile to the right, where we remained until about 5 p.m. We were ordered forward across the Chattanooga road some 200 yards in an old field and lay down, where we remained till the bugle sounded to fall back, when we fell back to the original line, reformed, and moved some hundred yards and remained during the night.

My regiment lost in the different engagements 10 killed, 88 wounded, and 19 missing, making a total of 117.

I take great pleasure and pride in stating that all did their duty with but few exceptions, but would especially mention that Captain Kennedy, Company G; Captain Baugh, Company F; Captain Boyd, Company E, were remarkably active and energetic in the discharge of their duties, and rendered invaluable assistance throughout the entire engagement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiment.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 336.

Report of Colonel William F. Brantly, Twenty-ninth Mississippi Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to a circular received from brigade headquarters, dated near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 4, 1863, I have the honor most respectfully to make the following report of the part my command took in the late battle of Chickamauga:

On the morning of the 18th instant, we marched from camp near

