
position. Soon after we arrived here I received orders to advance in line, dressing to the right. This we did for a mile, I suppose, and encountered the enemy at the top of a ridge, from whom we received a destructive fire, and were briskly returning it when information was received that there was a line of our troops in our front in the hollow just below us, whereupon we fell back under cover of the hill and moved by the right flank to the top of the hill and to the right of the line which we were then in rear of. Here the men were halted and allowed to rest in place until about 3 or 4 o'clock in the evening, when we were again called upon to advance in line, dressing this time to the left. We moved forward, in my opinion, about half a mile, and near the center of an old field were halted, ordered to lie down and hold the ground until our artillery could be gotten in position. During the time we were in this field our line was enfiladed both from the right and left by artillery, and subjected to a severe fire of musketry from a cluster of trees to the left of our line. We had been in this position but a short while when, from the ground I occupied, I could see the troops on my left falling back, and soon the news ran along the whole line that the enemy were getting in our rear. Upon this I gave the command "in retreat, march" to my regiment, and fell back to the woods, losing but few in killed and wounded, but some 15 or 20, I suppose, in prisoners.
The loss of my command during the whole of these engagements was more than one-half of the number carried in [368], being 194 in killed, wounded, and missing, a list of the names of which I forwarded a few days since, and ask most respectfully that it be made part of this report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. BRANTLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 337.

Report of Major James M. Johnson, Thirtieth Mississippi Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT MISS. VOLS., October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters, dated October 4, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this command took in the late battle of Chickamauga:

On the morning of Friday, September 18, this regiment, in connection with rest of the brigade, took up line of march from camp on roadside some 8 miles from La Fayette in the direction of Alexander's Bridge across the west prong of Chickamauga River. We had proceeded some 2 1/2 or 3 miles when, under directions from the brigadier-general, line of battle was formed and skirmishers were thrown forward. Instructions were received that when the line advanced the guide would be left. When the signal to advance was sounded the regiment moved forward, guiding left, and after advancing about half a mile we crossed the road which led to the bridge. This

