
road here made an abrupt turn to the right, forming a complete right angle. The regiment advanced some 300 or 400 yards through an open field under the fire of the enemy, who were posted on a hill immediately in our front. Here it was found that this regiment, with the Thirty-fourth Mississippi [the regiment on our immediate left], had become separated from the balance of the brigade, and the order was given for the men to lie down behind an abrupt hill in the field. Here Colonel Scales ordered the men to cease firing [the enemy having disappeared] and dispatched the adjutant to the brigadier-general to report the position and situation of the regiment. The brigadier-general arriving on the ground, ordered the colonel to press forward his skirmishers and occupy the hill, which was done. The skirmishers had hardly occupied the hill when the brigadier-general ordered them to be withdrawn, and the regiment to move back and join the balance of the brigade, which was immediately done. The regiment was then marched right in front in its position in the brigade some 1 1/2 miles down the river to Byram's Ford, which was crossed without opposition. After crossing the river we marched about half a mile, when instructions were received to move the men out of the road, build small fires, and rest for the night, which were complied with.

The regiment lost in this engagement 5 wounded.

Between daylight and sunrise on the following morning the regiment, together with the rest of brigade, took up line of march, left in front, this regiment following Thirty-fourth Mississippi. We marched about three-quarters of a mile, when the regiment was halted on roadside, where it rested till about 9 o'clock, when line of battle was formed and the line advanced in the direction of heavy firing in our front. In this advance the guide was right. We had advanced in connection with balance of the brigade about half a mile, when we encountered the enemy strongly posted on a hill, with a line of infantry in front of his batteries and a line supporting them. The fire was reserved until the regiment was within 150 yards of the enemy's first line. The enemy soon gave way, and the regiment, with balance of brigade, passed over his batteries, this regiment passing over battery in its immediate front. One gun of this battery, through the instrumentality of Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Reynolds, field officer of day, was taken off. We had driven the enemy about 1 mile, when, the line on our right giving way, the regiment fell back, agreeably to instructions from a staff officer. The cause of this movement was a flank movement upon our left, and it was feared the enemy would obtain a position in rear of the brigade and cut us off entirely. The regiment was reformed and took its proper position in the brigade.

About 3 o'clock the regiment was moved to the right by the right flank and line of battle was formed. Here skirmishers were thrown out and the whole line advanced, guiding right. We encountered the enemy in an open field and lay down by a fence. After firing some time the line upon our right again gave way, and the regiment fell back and reformed in bed of a run where the balance of the brigade was reforming. We lay here until sundown, when our skirmishers were relieved by those of General Cleburne's division. At this place we lay upon our arms all night.

On the following morning, shortly after sunrise, this command, in connection with rest of brigade, was moved by the left flank t the left and a new line formed. We had scarcely formed the line when we were moved by the right flank some distance to the right,

