
where we formed a line of battle. About 9 o'clock the line of battle was advanced a short distance and lay down under the fire of the enemy and then fell back. Here Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Reynolds, who was temporarily detached and in command of Thirty-fourth Mississippi, fell mortally wounded. The loss of this brave, accomplished, and gallant officer is much deplored by both officers and men of the regiment. The line was reformed and moved to the right.

About 4 o'clock in the evening the line of battle was advanced across the La Fayette and Chattanooga road into an open field, where the men were ordered to lie down. Here we received an enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries on our right and left and a heavy fire of musketry in our front. The houses to our left and in rear of line occupied by Colonel Govan's brigade bear evidence of this enfilading fire. The line on our left giving way, the line fell back. Here Colonel Scales, Captain Gibbs, and about 20 of this regiment were captured. The line was reformed and moved forward to fence on edge of old field, where it remained until night.

The loss of the command in this engagement was 5 killed, 76 wounded, and 38 missing.

The command of the regiment not devolving upon me until after the last charge Sunday evening, much that was ordered was only partially known to me. This must be the apology for any inaccuracy contained in this report.

Among the many officers and men whose conduct deserves mention I will only particularly mention Captain Samuel Young, of Company G, this regiment, who was dangerously wounded Saturday evening. His conduct on Saturday morning was of the most praiseworthy nature.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Thirtieth Mississippi.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 338.

Report of Colonel Samuel Benton, Thirty-fourth Mississippi Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH MISS. REGIMENT, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In the absence of the commanding officer in the late battle of Chickamauga, Major W. G. Pegram, I respectfully submit the following account of the part this regiment took in it, as obtained from the adjutant and the several company commanders:

The position of the enemy on the East Chickamauga, near Alexander's Bridge, having been ascertained on Friday, September 18, this regiment was formed in line of battle with the brigade, and moved forward about 1 o'clock to the attack. A company of skirmishers had been thrown forward, but as the line was not parallel to the stream, owing to wrong information as to the roads, the brigade had to swing rapidly round from the right, and it was difficult for the skirmishers to keep in advance. The command moved across an old field, in which the enemy's skirmishers were encountered

