
and driven back. Advancing toward the stream at a point above the bridge, a destructive fire was received from the enemy's main line, under cover of a skirt of timber and dense undergrowth.

It was promptly returned, and after a sharp engagement of twenty or thirty minutes they were dislodged from their position. The bridge having been destroyed by the enemy, the regiment moved with the brigade a mile and a half farther down to Byram's Ford and crossed. After advancing a mile or more in a western direction, bearing somewhat up the Chickamauga, without coming up with the foe, they bivouacked for the night.

The strength of the regiment was 1 field and 1 staff officer, 24 company officers, and 281 enlisted men.

The command behaved with steadiness and spirit, and sustained a loss of 24 wounded, 2 of whom died shortly afterward. The wounds of several of the others are severe.

On Saturday morning, about 9 o'clock, the battle commenced some distance to the right. The regiment [one company sent out as skirmishers] went forward into position with the brigade and attacked the enemy about 11 o'clock. When the order to charge was given the men rushed forward with alacrity and enthusiasm, driving the enemy [composed in part of United States regulars] before them, breaking in succession two of their lines and passing amid the guns of two heavy batteries, one after the other, abandoned by their defenders. Outflanked, however, both on the right and the left, the regiment was compelled to fall back with the brigade. In consequence of this and the disabled condition of many of the battery horses, but one of the captured guns was secured. It was driven off by two [men] of this regiment, by direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, of the Thirtieth Mississippi.

In this action the strength of this command was 2 field and staff [as before], 21 company officers, and 260 enlisted men.

The loss sustained was 5 killed and 54 wounded, 2 of whom have since died.

Among the wounded were Adjutant Miller, slightly, and Lieutenant Morrow, Company A, severely. The color bearer, Sergeant Morrison, Company D, was one of the killed. When he fell Private Felix R. Holland, Company G, promptly took his place and bore the standard forward, encouraging his comrades by word and action. In the same engagement, Patrick Beaty, Company F, captured a sword from a regular officer, compelling him by force to surrender.

In the afternoon the command took part in another severe engagement, in which there were 2 killed and 5 wounded, 1 mortally-since dead. Major Pegram received a severe wound. When struck he was encouraging his men, and had borne himself gallantly in the previous actions.

On Sunday, the regiment, reduced to 1 staff officer, 16 company officers, and 160 men, twice met the enemy. In the forenoon they were led by Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, Thirtieth Mississippi, who had been assigned to this duty in consequence of the absence of the more experienced senior captains. In the first onset the left of the command as it advanced were exposed to a heavy fire from stockade works of the enemy extending beyond the left flank, and where there was not sufficient connecting support to push forward, effectively. Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds fell mortally wounded about noon, and is since dead. In him the country lost an accomplished officer and an upright man.

