
In the afternoon the regiment was again moved forward with the brigade into an old field. The enemy permitted the advance with little or no resistance in front, their skirmishers not even opposing ours. When the desired position was obtained and the command halted a terrible fire opened on both flanks and in front from small-arms and artillery, partially encircling the whole division. The enemy were posted in strong force under cover of woods and fences, as well as stockades on the left. To hold the ground was certain capture or annihilation, and the whole division [two brigades] was forced to retire.

The loss in this command during the day was 2 killed and 13 wounded, 1 of whom is dead.

The whole loss during the three days, therefore, sums up 15 killed, 91 wounded, and 19 missing, who are supposed to have been captured.

Adjutant Miller efficiently aided the regimental commander throughout the conflict, supplying the place of a field officer.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BENTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 339.

Report of Captain W. H. Fowler, Alabama battery.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, October 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the part taken by my battery in the late battles on the Chickamauga was necessarily limited, because the character of the field where we operated was so badly adapted to the use of light artillery, though I was frequently exposed to the very heavy fire of the enemy so often encountered by our brigade, and I had some opportunities to repay the enemy in kind for the serious loss I suffered in men and horses, as heretofore reported:

On the 18th, I was under fire with the brigade in the fight at the bridge across the Chickamauga; had 2 horses shot, but was not ordered into position for action until after the enemy had retired.

We followed the brigade during the morning of the 19th and received the fire of its engagements, but had no chance to reply.

About 3 p.m. I was ordered into battery in a field in rear of our [Liddell's] division and opened fire upon a battery of the enemy on the left that was shelling our troops, causing it to remove hastily.

At this time one section [two pieces] of my battery, under charge of Lieutenant Phelan, was sent forward to support our brigade, then engaging the enemy in the woods 500 or 600 yards in advance of us. This section, mistaking an Arkansas regiment of the division for one of brigade, went into the fight with it, but meeting an overwhelming force of the enemy, our infantry was compelled to retire, and my guns were left without support. All the horses of one piece

