
were killed, and all but one of the horses of the other piece either killed or wounded, and many of the cannoneers and drivers of the section were killed or wounded at their posts, fighting the guns to the last extremity. One piece was brought off with wounded horses, but the other was captured by the enemy. Prisoners report that the Thirty-eighth Indiana Regiment was in front of my section at this place, and my gunners shot down their colors within 30 yards of the guns. My lost gun was recaptured by our forces and is now in my battery.

On the 20th, we followed the brigade as on the previous day, and in the evening went with it into the orchard and field, where it was, under the terrible cross-fire from several batteries of the enemy, and was finally flanked and compelled to retire by largely superior numbers. Before we were ordered to leave this point, however, I succeeded in directing two of my guns, under Lieutenant Perrin, upon a battery of the enemy that was playing on us and enfilading the right flank of the brigade within a distance of 100 yards, inflicting upon it considerable damage, as was ascertained when our troops possessed the ground immediately afterward. We sustained here a cross-fire from not less than three batteries, together with a fire of small-arms from a very large infantry force, rendering our position for the time being totally untenable. When we retired from here one of my pieces, under Lieutenant Dailey, went farther to the right, to the assistance of a battery under General Forrest, and continued firing with it until the close of the battle on this day.

I lost 6 men killed, 17 wounded [including myself], and 1 missing; total, 24. I also lost 27 horses killed or disabled so as to be left on the field.

My officers and men behaved well, obeyed all orders promptly, and bore the extraordinary fatigue as well as dangers of the fights in a most commendable manner.

Respectfully submitted.

W. H. FOWLER,

Captain of Artillery, Walthall's Brigade.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 340.

Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding Left Wing.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Chattanooga, October -, 1863.

COLONEL: Our train reached Catoosa Platform, near Ringgold, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon of September 19. As soon as our horses came up [about 4 o'clock], I started with Colonels Sorrel and Manning, of my staff, to find the headquarters of the commanding general. We missed our way and did not report till near 11 o'clock at night. Upon my arrival, I was informed that the troops had been engaged during the day in severe skirmishing while endeavoring to get in line for battle. The commanding general gave me a map

