
And both Hindman and Hill were notified. Hindman had halted his division at Morgan's, some 3 or 4 miles from Davis' Cross-Roads, in the cove, and at this point Buckner joined him during the afternoon of the 10th.

Reports fully confirming previous information in regard to the position of the enemy's forces were received during the 10th, and it became certain he was moving his three columns to form a junction upon us at or near La Fayette.

The corps near Colonel Winston's moved on the mountain toward Alpine, a point 20 miles south of us. The one opposite the cove continued its movement and threw forward its advance to Davis' Cross-Roads, and Crittenden moved from Chattanooga on the roads to Ringgold and Lee and Gordon's Mills. To strike these isolated commands in succession was our obvious policy. To secure more prompt and decided action in the movement ordered against the enemy's center, my headquarters were removed to La Fayette, where I arrived about 11.30 p. m. on the 10th, and Lieutenant-General Polk was ordered forward with his remaining division to Anderson's, so as to cover Hindman's rear during the operations in the cove.

At La Fayette, I met Major Nocquet, engineer officer on General Buckner's staff, sent by General Hindman, after a junction of their commands, to confer with me and suggest a change in the plan of operations. After hearing the report of this officer, and obtaining from the active and energetic cavalry commander in front of our position (Brigadier-General Martin) the latest information of the enemy's movements and position, I verbally directed the major to return to General Hindman and say that my plans could not be changed, and that he would carry out his orders. At the same time the following written orders were sent to the general by courier:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,La Fayette, Ga., September 10, 1863-12 p. m.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Headquarters are here, and the following is the information: Crittenden's corps is advancing on us from Chattanooga. A large force from the south has advanced to within 7 miles of this point. Polk is left at Anderson's to cover your rear. General Bragg orders you to attack and force your way through the enemy to this point at the earliest hour that you can see him in the morning Cleburne will attack in front the moment your guns are heard.

I am, general, &c.,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Orders were also given for Walker's Reserve Corps to move promptly and join Cleburne's division at Dug Gap to unite in the attack. At the same time Cleburne's was directed to remove all obstructions in the road in his front, which was promptly done, and by daylight he was ready to move. The obstructions in Catlett's Gap were also ordered to be removed, to clear the road in Hindman's rear.

Breckinridge's division (Hill's corps) was kept in position south of La Fayette, to check any movement the enemy might make from that direction.

At daylight I proceeded to join Cleburne at Dug Gap, and found him waiting the opening of Hindman's guns to move on the enemy's flank and rear. Most of the day was spent in this position, waiting in great anxiety for the attack by Hindman's column. Several couriers and two staff officers were dispatched at different times urging him to move with promptness and vigor.

