
and, indeed, force him back upon Nashville, and if we should find our transportation inadequate for a continuance of this movement, to follow up the railroad to Knoxville, destroy Burnside, and from there threaten the enemy's railroad communication in rear of Nashville. This I supposed to be the only practicable flank movement, owing to the scarcity of our transportation, and it seemed to keep us very nearly as close to the railroad as we were at the time. At parting I understood the commanding general to agree that such was probably our best move, and that he was about to give the necessary orders for its execution.

Orders came in the afternoon for the march. The rear of the Right Wing did not move until quite dark. I did not, therefore, put my wing in motion till daylight the following morning.

Before moving on the morning of the 22nd, McLaws' division was ordered to follow the enemy on to Chattanooga. The remainder of the command marched for the Red House Ford and halted about noon.

During that night I received orders to march the entire command back to Chattanooga, and moved in pursuance thereof early on the 23rd. We reached the Watkins house about 11 a.m., and proceeded to take up a line around the enemy's position at Chattanooga.

I desire to mention the following named officers as distinguished for conduct and ability, viz: Major-Generals Hood, Buckner, Hindman, and Stewart; Brig. Generals B. R. Johnson, Preston, Law [respectively in command of divisions], Kershaw, Patton Anderson, Gracie, McNair [severely wounded], and Colonels Trigg and Kelly, both in command of brigades. Honorable mention should also be made of Brigadier-Generals Humphreys, Benning, Deas, Clayton, Bate, Brown, Robertson, and Manigault.

For more detailed accounts of the noble deeds performed by our gallant officers and brave soldiers I refer you to the reports of my junior officers.

The steady good conduct throughout the long conflict of the subordinate officers and men, which the limits of this report will not permit me to particularize, is worthy of the highest praise and admiration.

I am greatly indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Sorrel, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Manning, chief of ordnance; Major Latrobe, assistant adjutant and inspector general, and Captain Manning, signal corps, for their able, untiring, and gallant assistance. Colonel Manning received a painful wound. The movement of Stewart's division against the enemy's re-enforcements was made upon the suggestion of Colonel Sorrel and Captain Manning. The result was the beginning of the general break throughout the enemy's line. My other staff officers had not arrived from Virginia.

Major Walton, acting chief of subsistence department, and Major Keiley, acting chief of quartermaster's department, were at the railroad depot in the active discharge of the duties of their departments.

Among the captures made by the Left Wing during the day were not less than 40 pieces of artillery, over 3,000 prisoners, and 10 regimental standards, besides a few wagons, 17,645 small-arms, 1,130 sets accouterments, and 393,000 rounds of small-arms ammunition were collected on the field.

The accompanying list of casualties shows a loss by the command [without McNair's brigade, from which no report has been received]

of 1,089 killed, 6,506 wounded, and 272 missing. Its strength on going

