
Dug Gap is strongly blockaded, and if Cleburne had started he could not have gotten to you till after night. Under the discretionary orders received from General Bragg, I therefore decided not to move Cleburne. I immediately wrote to him to that effect, but have heard nothing as yet. General Wheeler reports that the Yankees are moving on Summerville in force. If that be so, this division of Negley's is sent out as a bait to draw us off from below. When it is pressed [unless he has a strong supporting force] he will fall back in the gap, and there the matter will end.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

If I had marched from Lee and Gordon's Mills early on the evening of the 9th, and Dug Gap had been then open, so as to enable Hill to unite with me, and both to attack the enemy at Davis' Cross-Roads at daylight on the 10th, an advantage might possibly have been gained. I think that was the only chance.

The general commanding saw fit, on September 29, to issue the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 249. Missionary Ridge, September 29, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Major General T. C. Hindman, for not obeying his orders for the attack on the enemy in McLemore's Cove on the 11th instant, is suspended from his command. He will proceed with his personal staff to Atlanta, and await further orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the 2nd instant, I requested a court of inquiry, and also asked if it was still my duty to make a report of my operations in McLemore's Cove and the causes of the delay in attacking the enemy, as directed on September 14, but which I had been unable to do in consequence of sickness and injuries received in the battle of Chickamauga on September 20. The answer returned was that there now rested on me no obligation to make such report. But on reflection I have concluded that in justice to all parties the report ought to be made. It is therefore respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Exhibit A.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Gordon's Mills, September 9, 1863-11.45 p.m.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: You will move with your division immediately to Davis' Cross-Roads, on the road from La Fayette to Stevens' Gap. At this point you will put yourself in communication with the column of General Hill, ordered to move to the same point, and take command of the joint forces, or report to the officer commanding Hill's column, according to rank. If in command, you will move upon the enemy, reported to be 4,000 or 5,000 strong, encamped at

