
the foot of Lookout Mountain at Stevens' Gap. Another column of the enemy is reported to be at Cooper's Gap, to the right of Stevens' Gap; number not known.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Exhibit B.]
HEADQUARTERS, ETC., At Morgan's, on Cove Road, 4 Miles from Davis' Cross-Roads, September 10, 1863-6 a.m.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I expected you would open communication with me by the time I reached this place, but as yet hear nothing from you. If it be true, as I learn it is, that the road from La Fayette to Davis' Cross-Roads is blockaded at Dug Gap, and the Catlett's Gap road also blockaded, I fear it will be impossible to effect the intended junction. Your better information will enable you to decide as to that. There are rumors here that a Federal division is at and near Davis' Cross-Roads, and another at Bailey's Cross-Roads. Colonel Russell, commanding a cavalry regiment of Martin's brigade, has, at my request, gone forward to ascertain the facts. I deem it inexpedient to move beyond this place till I hear that you are in motion and that we can safely unite.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Exhibit C.]
HEADQUARTERS, At Morgan's, September 10, 1863-6.30 a.m.

General W. W. MACKALL,Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I forward a copy of dispatch just started by me to General Hill. It will explain, as fully as I now can, my situation and prospects. Some four hours must elapse before I can get an answer.

I am very apprehensive that the obstructions put in the road by our cavalry will defeat the intended junction. If so, please instruct me what to do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Exhibit D.]

DUG GAP, September 10-12.20 o'clock.

Captain BUCK:

The enemy are in three-quarters of a mile of me, advancing. All the cavalry has gone to the right. I should like to have two pieces

