
artillery were captured by my division, 14 of which were taken into possession and conveyed to the rear by Captain Waters, acting chief of artillery, and 3 pieces by Major Riley, chief of ordnance. Since the battle I have been informed that a staff officer from army headquarters found 10 pieces abandoned in a gorge in front of my position, west of the Crawfish Spring road.

The number of prisoners exceeded 1,100, including 3 colonels. The ground was strewn with small-arms, of which 1,400 were collected. Five or 6 standards, 5 caissons, and 1 battery wagon, 1 ambulance, about 40 horses and mules, and 9 ordnance wagons, with 165,000 rounds of ammunition, were also secured.

The numerous wounded and dead of the enemy fell into our hands. Among the latter was Brigadier-General Lytle, of the Federal army, killed by Deas' brigade.

While moving to the right and rear, I was met by a staff officer of Brig. General Bushrod R. Johnson, and afterward by that officer himself, stating that he was hard pressed, and must have support forthwith or he would be compelled to fall back. I immediately placed Anderson's brigade under his orders. Deas, who was out of ammunition, obtained a partial supply from Johnson's wagons, and then marched west across the Crawfish Spring road and formed line of battle, facing west, at the top of the first ridge beyond. His skirmishers became engaged immediately with those of a force of the enemy occupying the next ridge. Manigault, now coming up, was directed to form on Deas' right. I believed the force in my front to be the same that I had previously routed, making its way toward Chattanooga, and designed cutting it off and capturing it. But at this juncture, before Manigault's line had been established, brisk firing commenced to my right and rear, east of the Crawfish Spring road, and I received from General Johnson urgent in that direction and formed on his left. Previous to their arrival the firing had ceased.

General Johnson's line faced nearly north, about perpendicular to the La Fayette road and to our original line of battle. It was on the side of an extremely rough and steep projection of Missionary Ridge near Dyer's farm, and was extended eastwardly by the lines of Anderson and Kershaw. The height terminated in an open field near Kershaw's right. It was elsewhere densely wooded. The enemy held the summit in strong force, his artillery, planted on sundry sudden elevations, rising up like redoubts; his infantry between these, behind the crest, and further sheltered by breastworks of trees and rocks.

At 3 p.m. a force of the enemy, probably that which I had recently confronted west of the Crawfish Spring road, appeared on my left, capturing several men of my infirmary corps and others who had fallen out from fatigue or wounds. I was apprehensive of an attack in rear, and sent to General Longstreet and General Buckner for re-enforcements. At the same time, being the officer of highest rank present and deeming concert of action necessary, I assumed command of General Johnson's troops and ordered an immediate and vigorous attack upon the enemy in our front, Deas and Manigault (with Johnson's command, all under direction of that officer) to wheel to the right until faced east and then to advance, taking the enemy in flank, Anderson to move forward when the firing should begin. General

