
The reports of my subordinates mention many of each grade who now rest on the field; others bear honorable wounds, and others fortunately remained unhurt. I respectfully ask attention to the records of their conspicuous bravery, and that the appropriate rewards of valor be conferred on them.

The following staff officers were with me on the field: Colonel C. W. Adams, acting assistant inspector-general and chief of staff; Major J. P. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Walker Anderson, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant B. F. Williams, aide-de-camp; Captain D. D. Waters, acting chief of artillery, and Captain J. F. Walton, provost-marshal.

Captain Lenoir and Lieutenants Gordon and Lee, of my cavalry escort also acted on my staff during the engagement.

The conduct of all these officers was in the highest degree soldierly and their services most valuable. They have my thanks and deserve the confidence of their superiors.

Colonel Adams especially, by his greater experience, his cool courage, and his admirable promptness and precision had placed me under lasting obligations, and amply shown his fitness for higher rank, which I earnestly hope will be given him.

Major E. B. D. Riley, chief of ordnance, was very efficient in his department, having his trains almost constantly at hand and supplying every call for ammunition with the least possible delay.

Major J. C. Palmer, commissary of subsistence, performed his duties in the most satisfactory manner, providing the command with cooked rations during the battle and the movements preliminary to it, with almost as much regularity as if prepared by the men themselves in camp. In this he was efficiently aided by Captain S. M. Lanier, assistant quartermaster, an officer always ready and willing, and whose qualifications and services fairly entitle him to promotion.

Chief Surg. C. Terry was prompt and efficient to the utmost extent of the means at his disposal.

Lieutenant L. P. Dodge, aide-de-camp, was disabled by being thrown from his horse before the battle commenced and was not afterward with me.

The strength of my division on going into action was 501 officers and 5,621 enlisted men.

My loss was:

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 16	 81	 1	 98

Enlisted men	 256	 1,399	 97	 1,752

Total	 272	 1,480	 98	 1,850

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Longstreet's Corps.

