
NEWNAN, GA.,

October 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that a court of inquiry be ordered at the earliest moment practicable to investigate and report upon all the facts and circumstances connected with the operations of the troops under my command on September 10 and 11, 1863, and the causes and propriety of the issuance of Paragraph II, Special Orders, No. 249, from headquarters Army of Tennessee, dated September 29, 1863, suspending me from command, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]

OCTOBER 19, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

Instead of a court of inquiry, would not a court-martial be preferable? It would equally secure a fair investigation and yet terminate the controversy, the continuance of which cannot fail to be injurious.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

NOVEMBER 20, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The investigation which I had opportunity to make personally into the facts of the case convinced me that, had the explanations which have since been furnished preceded the order of General Bragg relieving General Hindman from command, that order would not probably have been issued; and in view of the letter of General Bragg of November 15, it is not deemed necessary to the honor of General Hindman or to the interest of the public service that the inquire asked for should be instituted.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Newman, Ga.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 2nd instant, requesting copies of certain papers, I beg leave to say that you will find inclosed copy of order + of the 10th ultimo, directing movement of your command, and your report of the movement of the enemy, dated the 10th++.

The order of the 9th ultimo, I cannot just place my hands upon, but will hunt it up for you. The order of the 11th was given on the field, as I am informed by Major Falconer, and no copy retained.

---------------

*See p.298.

+See Bragg's report, p.29.

++See Hill's report, p.138.

---------------

