
Major-General Hindman. This officer, as will appear from the official reports, was conspicuously distinguished at Chickamauga for gallantry and good conduct, and nothing but the necessity for uniform discipline prevented my overlooking the previous affair for which he was suspended. From what I have heard unofficially the general may prefer not to serve under my command; but it is only just for me to add that he possesses my fullest confidence as a most gallant soldier and excellent disciplinarian.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Order General Hindman to report for duty to General Bragg. See indorsement on letter of General Hindman asking for a court of inquiry.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS,Missionary Ridge, November 21, 1863.

I was present at the interview between General Bragg and Major Nocquet on the night of September 10 at La Fayette, Ga. Major Nocquet brought a message from Major-General Hindman in reference to a change of plan in regard to the operations in McLemore's Cove. He stated that General Hindman had heard that the enemy were moving in a particular direction, and that General Hindman thought it advisable to modify the orders he had received. The general commanding, in presence of Major-General Walker, Brigadier-Generals Martin, Liddell, and myself, placed his map before him and said to Major Nocquet: "Major, I wish you to tell me nothing but what you know as a fact." The major replied that the information that General Hindman had was only what he had heard, and he could not say that it was reliable. General Bragg then turned to him and said his information amounted to nothing, and he would not modify his orders to General Hindman, and to return at once to General Hindman and tell him to carry out his orders. He then told Brigadier-General Mackall, his chief of staff, to send word to the general to attack the enemy if he lost his command in carrying out the order. General Mackall stated he would repeat the order to General Hindman, but that he had already sent him peremptory instructions to carry out his orders.

DAVID URQUHART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,November 21, 1863.

The accompanying papers from Major-General Hindman are forwarded with this statement. It is for the Department to decide whether the publication shall be made before my report can be rendered. Two weeks before General Hindman was suspended from

