
duty he was called on in writing to explain his non-compliance with orders. Ample time having been given and no response made, my action was taken. His explanation now seems to put the responsibility on Major Nocquet, who has left this army without my knowledge or orders.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, November 21, 1863.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find a copy of a letter* from General Bragg requesting your restoration to duty, with which it gives the President much pleasure to comply.

Your letter of October 2, asking for a court of inquiry, was referred to the President, and has been returned with the following indorsement:

The investigation which I had opportunity to make personally into the facts of the case convinced me that, had the explanations which have since been furnished preceded the order of General Bragg relieving General Hindman from command, that order would not probably have been issued; and in view of the letter of General Bragg of November 15, it is not deemed necessary to the honor of General Hindman or to the interest of the public service that the inquiry asked for should be instituted.

I inclose a special order directing you to report for duty to General Bragg.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S DIVISION, HOOD'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Dalton, Ga., April 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to apply for copies of all reports or other official communications of General Braxton Bragg relating to the operations of the troops under my command, or those intended to co-operate with them, in McLemore's Cove, on September 10 and 11, 1863.

My object in this is to ascertain what action, if any, may be necessary to my complete vindication against the censure the censure passed upon me in connection with that affair. I therefore indulge the hope that the request will be speedily granted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p.310.

+Paragraph XXIII, Special Orders, No. 277, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, November 21, 1863, omitted.

---------------

