
under the immediate command of the corps chief of ordnance, was parked about half a mile from Alexander's Brigade, in the rear of the right of our line of battle. I received an order from Major-General Hindman about 11 p.m. to move my train across the Chickamauga and park near the creek. This order was obeyed, and I immediately informed the major-general and the brigadier-generals of my position. During the night and the next morning I moved forward immediately in rear of the division. Very little ammunition was issued during the fight, the men bountifully supplying themselves from the cartridge boxes of the dead.

The morning of the 21st was occupied in collecting arms and ammunition from the field and carrying them to the rear.

Great difficulty is experienced in obtaining cartridges to suit the caliber of the guns in this division. Frequently rifle ammunition (caliber .69) marked musket ammunition is sent in place of the round ball or buck and ball cartridges. With regard to the Enfield ammunition, it is in almost every case too large, causing men whose guns become choked to throw them away as useless.

The accouterments and equipments which have heretofore been received have very often proved worthless-cartridge boxes of scarcely more consistency than brown paper, and haversacks and knapsacks that are rather an incumbrance to the men than a protection to their contents.

I have the honor to state that there were 217,080 rounds of small-arms ammunition used by this division during the engagement.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. D. RILEY,

Major, and Chief of Ordnance, Hindman's Division, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Lieutenant Colonel H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Tennessee.

No. 343.

Reports of Brig. General Patton Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIV., POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Near La Fayette, Ga., September 15, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of my command from the night of the 9th instant, when breaking up camp at Lee and Gordon's Mills, to the morning of the 12th, when it arrived at La Fayette:

At 11.20 p.m. on the night of the 9th, I received an order from division headquarters requesting me to put my command under arms on the spot and be prepared for motion at once.

At 1.25 a.m. on the 10th, I reported readiness to move, and at 1.30 did move in rear of the division toward Davis' Cross-Roads, in McLemore's Cove, by way of Dr. Anderson's and Worthen's Store. At about 9.20 a.m. we reached Morgan's house, on the Chickamauga Creek, some 4 1/2 or 5 miles north of Davis' Cross-Roads. Here we halted to fill canteens and water the animals, and after a hurried

