
the division pursued the march by way of Catlett's Gap to La Fayette without casualty or incident, the head of the column reaching La Fayette about 4 a.m. of the 12th instant.

I cannot close this report without expressing my high admiration for the spirit, ardor, and endurance of the troops of the division. Many of them barefooted and on short rations endured the toilsome night marches, hungry, thirsty, sleepy, not only without murmuring, but with real cheerfulness, their only regret being caused by the failure of the enemy to stand and confront them.

To the brigade commanders I am indebted for uniform promptness and alacrity in carrying out my directions in every particular.

The active, intelligent, and efficient co-operation of Brigadier-Generals Deas and Manigault so cheerfully extended on all occasions greatly relieved me of that load of responsibility which usually weighs so heavily upon one exercising a temporary command, and has brought me under obligations to those officers which are but poorly discharged by a notice in this humble report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIV., POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Missionary Ridge, near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the late battle of the Chickamauga:

On the evening of September 19, at about 5 p.m., Major-General Hindman assumed command of the division on the west bank of the Chickamauga, not long after we had crossed to that side, and while the division was being put in position for the impending battle. I resumed the command of my brigade, which had been relinquished on the 17th, at La Fayette, Ga., for the purpose of relieving Major-General Hindman who was too unwell to exercise the command of his division.

On taking command of my brigade, I took position in line from 200 to 300 yards in rear of Deas' left and Manigault's right, as the reserve brigade of Hindman's division. We bivouacked on the field for the night, and received orders to take up and continue the attack ordered to be made on the right at daylight on the morning of September 20.

The attack on our right was not made, however, until between 10 and 11 o'clock on the morning of the 20th, when it was promptly taken up by Deas and Manigault in my front, and the whole division moved confidently on the enemy's first line. Deas swept everything before him without halting or even checking up in his advance to and over the enemy's first line of breastworks. Manigault was checked and diverged to the left, unmasking my two left regiments. The whole brigade was moved steadily forward, gradually closing the space between it and Deas' line till the ascent of a range of wooded hills was reached, where the enemy, by reason of his advantageous position for both infantry and artillery, had brought Deas

