
moved forward to Colonel Kelly's support. It was now nearly night, and the importance of completing the days' work, thus far so handsomely accomplished by the Left Wing, was apparent to all. Kelly made a most vigorous attack, supported as above, and succeeded in occupying a portion of the heights from which he had driven the enemy. Night at this time put an end to farther pursuit. Every preparation was now made for a renewal of the conflict early the next morning.

At 11 p.m. of the 20th, Major-General Hindman sent for me and turned over to me command of the division, which he had assumed the evening previous, having received a contusion which disabled him from further service at that time, and here my connection with the brigade ceased, the command thereof devolving upon Colonel J. H. Sharp, Forty-fourth Mississippi Regiment.

The light of the morning of the 21st disclosed the fact that the enemy had, under cover of darkness, hastily withdrawn toward Chattanooga from a field in which he had been so severely but justly punished.

In the first charge after moving up to General Deas' line, which had been checked near the base of a range of wooded hills west of the Chattanooga road, the brigade captured three pieces of artillery, killing many of the cannoneers at their guns and taking others prisoners. A little farther on and to the left, the Forty-first Mississippi (my left regiment) captured a battery of five guns, among which were several fine rifled pieces. Several stand of colors were also taken during the day. No note was taken of the number of prisoners captured by the brigade. They were merely ordered to the rear without guard or escort. Nine ordnance wagons loaded with fixed ammunition, several mules and horses, &amp;c., were also taken and turned over to the proper officers.

I cannot close this brief recital of facts connected with the operations of the brigade I had the honor to command on the 20th without testifying to the officers and troops my high appreciation of the valor, courage, and skill displayed by them on this memorable field. Without a single exception so far as my knowledge at this time extends, they have borne themselves gallantly and added fresh laurels to those so nobly won upon the former fields of Shiloh, Munfordville, Perryville, and Murfreesborough.

To the regimental, battalion, and battery commanders individually my thanks are due for their zealous, vigorous, and unremitting efforts throughout the whole day to make the battle a decisive one. For instances of individual gallantly conspicuous above others, I refer to the reports of subordinate commanders, herewith transmitted.

The brigade numbered 156 officers and 1,709 enlisted men on the morning of the 20th. The loss was 558, of whom 80 were killed, 454 wounded, and 24 missing.

Among the killed I regret to record the name of Major John C. Thompson, of the Forty-fourth Mississippi Regiment. A man of education and position at home, of an age far beyond that prescribed by the laws of the land for involuntary service, at the first tocsin of war he enlisted in the ranks and fought as a private at Belmont and Shiloh, having been severely wounded at the latter. His gallantry and services marked him before the men of his State for promotion, which he soon after received, and he commanded his regiment with his usual gallantry at the battle of Murfreesborough. On the

