
No. 344.

Report of Lieutenant J. B. Mattison, Ordnance Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE,Missionary Ridge, November 10, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to circular from War Department, Ordnance Bureau, June 24, 1863, I submit the following report:

This brigade went into action on Sunday morning, September 20, at 10 a.m., with an effective total of about 1,750 men. The engagement lasted until dark, during which time about 26,000 rounds of the ammunition carried into action was expended, being an average of 15 rounds to the man. No cartridges were issued the men from the wagons during the engagement. The actual number of rounds fired cannot be stated, as the men used ammunition taken from the cartridge boxes of dead men and from the enemy's wagons. Three wagons with 40,000 rounds of ammunition, caliber .57, were captured by the brigade and taken charge of by brigade ordnance officer.

Much complaint was made against the ammunition of the Atlanta Arsenal, the balls being too large for constant firing. Cartridges from the Richmond and Charleston laboratories are much preferred.

The battery was not closely engaged during the day and expended but few rounds.

Being absent on leave at the time of the battle, and the officer acting at that time being at present absent, I make this report brief and principally from the statements of ordnance sergeants.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. B. MATTISON,

Ordnance Officer, Anderson's Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Tennessee.

No. 345.

Report of Colonel W. H. Bishop, Seventh Mississippi Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,In Line, near Chattanooga, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: About 10 o'clock on the morning of September 20, I moved forward with the remainder of the brigade, keeping about 200 yards in rear of General Deas' line, as a reserve. Passing the first line of the enemy's works, from which Deas' brigade had driven them, and crossing the Chattanooga and Lee and Gordon's Mills road, I closed up to about 50 yards of Deas' line, which had been checked and broken by the enemy at their second line of works. In obedience to orders, passing through General Deas' line, I attacked the enemy in my front, drove them from their position, capturing three pieces of artillery, and pursued them nearly a mile. In this charge I lost 2 men killed and about 10 officers and men wounded, among the latter Color Sergt. W. J. Nunnery.

About 1 p.m., with the Ninth and Forty-first Mississippi Regiments, I moved about half a mile to the right, and with them formed in rear of and as a support to the Forty-fourth and Tenth Mississippi

27 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

