
Regiments. Soon after, reserve and all moved up and attacked the enemy who were posted on the crest of a high ridge. Occupying the extreme right of the brigade in the attack, I succeeded in gaining a position within a few feet of the crest of the ridge, when the line next on my left gave way. I held this position for a few minutes, but was compelled to give the order to retire, on account of a galling fire from the enemy on my left flank, which rested in a ravine running up to the crest of the ridge, and which was left exposed by the line giving way on my left. Falling back about 150 yards, I formed on the left of Kershaw's brigade, which in the meantime had also fallen back behind their works. Soon after I formed again on the right of my own brigade. Two other attacks were made during the afternoon, but without success.

Color Corpl. Mat. Stringer, Company G, who succeeded Color Sergt. W. J. Nunnery as color bearer, deserves particular mention for his cool intrepidity and gallantry. The flag-staff was shot in two when near the crest of the ridge.

My loss in the first attack in the afternoon was very great. Among the killed, I regret to say, were Captains J. M. Brister and G. A. Robertson, brave and gallant soldiers and attentive and efficient officers.

The fighting in this attack was the best I have ever seen, our advance to the crest of the ridge being contested by the enemy step by step.

My whole loss amounts to 10 killed, 64 wounded, and 1 missing. Three of the wounded have since died.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BISHOP,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WALKER ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

I omitted to mention in the preceding report that after the third attack in the afternoon, at the request of Colonel Kelly, I was ordered by General Anderson to go to the support of one of the regiments in Colonel Kelly's brigade, where I remained until the enemy withdrew from their position on the ridge.

Lieutenant W. J. Proby, Company A, and Lieutenant John D. Cooper, Company G, deserve particular mention for their gallantry, courage, and efficient service throughout the whole action.

Very respectfully,

W. H. BISHOP,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

No. 346.

Report of Major T. H. Lynam, Ninth Mississippi Infantry.
HDQRS. NINTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,Line of Battle, in Front of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: As commanding officer of the Ninth Mississippi Regiment during the late battle on the Chickamauga, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my command during that bloody fight:

Having bivouacked in line of battle on the field on the night of the 19th instant, we were called to arms about 10.30 o'clock the next

