
earnestly request that his name be laid before the President for promotion.

I am greatly indebted to Captain S. S. Calhoon, as acting major, for gallant service rendered during the day. Also to the company officers, who have, without exception, endeavored to perform their part; how well, I leave to the brigadier-general commanding to determine.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. LYNAM,

Commanding Ninth Mississippi Regiment.

[Captain WALKER ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[P. S.]-The effective total before the battle, 332; the effective aggregate before the battle, 335.

No. 347.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Barr, Tenth Mississippi Infantry.

HDQRS. TENTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT, October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my regiment took in the late battle of Chickamauga:

After marching all night from La Fayette, Ga., arriving on the morning of September 18 on the east bank of Chickamauga Creek, we formed line of battle and rested until the morning of the 19th. About 12 m. crossed the creek; again formed in line; rested until 10.30 a.m. the morning of the 20th.

Ordered forward as a supporting line to Brigadier-Generals Deas and Manigault. Arriving immediately behind the first line under a heavy fire of small-arms and artillery, was ordered to charge the enemy, posted on a very strong ridge with three pieces of cannon (one brass Parrott, one brass rifle, and one brass howitzer) directly in front of the center of my regiment. My men answered to the call promptly, and nobly did they perform their duty, crossing over and beyond the first line of battle, driving the foe from their position, and shooting down the artillerists at their guns (the last one being discharged when my men were within 20 paces of it), completely routing them.

Here it was my color sergeant (Martin V. Denham) was killed while bravely carrying the standard well to the front.

After pursuing them nearly 1 1/4 miles, leaving the captured artillery behind us, was ordered to halt and form. This being done we marched back about a quarter of a mile in rear of the ridge the enemy was driven from; formed line of battle; changed direction to the right under fire from artillery, one shell bursting in the center of Company D, wounding 6 men, 2 of whom have died since. Then moved by the right flank a short distance. Being then placed on the extreme left of the brigade, was ordered forward to attack the enemy. Driving back their first line, their second attacked us, and seeing my regiment nearly surrounded [we] fell back about 200 yards; formed and advanced the second time. Compelled to retire by vastly superior number and the want of support on my left, I

