
On the 18th, formed line of battle on the east side of Chickamauga Creek, near Lee and Gordon's Mills. Remained in line until the evening of the 19th, when it was moved to the right, crossing Chickamauga Creek at Hunt's Ford, and was placed in position to take part in the action of September 20, Deas' and Manigault's brigades forming the front line and Anderson's (ours) supporting the Forty-right of Manigault's brigade.

About 11.30 o'clock on the morning of the 20th instant, the first line came in contact with the enemy posted in a thick wood, and after a sharp conflict of a few minutes Manigault's brigade gave way and retreated in disorder. The Forty-first Mississippi was advancing at a double-quick through the woods when it was met by Manigault's men, and for a moment was thrown into confusion as they burst through its ranks; but the men responded with a regular Mississippi yell to the command forward, and dashed at the enemy, who immediately fled. Many prisoners surrendered at this point, but were merely ordered to the rear without guard.

As stated above, the right of my regiment being nearly in rear of the right of Manigault's brigade, no one supporting me on the left, when this brigade gave way all of the enemy confronting it had to be met by my regiment and a part of the Ninth Mississippi. This caused my left to be largely overlapped by the enemy's right, and as soon as his line in my front broke, a battery on the left threw a murderous fire of grape and canister up my line, while deadly effect. Here I lost most of the men from my regiment reported as killed and wounded. This fire, galling as it was, did not check the impetuous rush of my gallant men, who pressed forward after the retreating foe through an open wood in rear of his first position, over a high, wooded hill, where he attempted to make a second stand,a nd through an open field beyond. The enemy on our left, finding their line irretrievably broken, abandoned their guns and fell back without further contest.

In this charge my regiment captured 5 pieces of artillery, 8 wagons loaded with ordnance and supplies, and quite a number of horses and mules. Sergeant Jackson of Company A, also captured a flagstaff but the bearer had torn away the flag.

General Anderson reformed his brigade in the open woods through which we had passed, and soon after we were moved off by the right flank up the valley to the base of a succession of wooded hills occupied by the enemy. Here the Forty-first, with the Seventh and Ninth Mississippi, were again held in reserve, and when, under a very heavy fire of musketry, the line in front gave way, these regiments were moved up by General Anderson. After perhaps half an hour's hard fighting, I had the pleasure of seeing the enemy's line in front of my regiment break in complete disorder. We immediately occupied the crest of the hill from which the enemy had been driven, and pursued him some 50 or 60 yards beyond, when, glancing to the right, I found that the enemy's line in that direction was still unbroken. I immediately withdrew my men from what I considered a perilous situation, and directed their attention to the enemy on the hill-top to our right; but just at the moment I thought this position, too, was won, the troops on our left gave way, and we were compelled reluctantly to fall back. While I do not wish to be considered as claiming for my men superior gallantry to those who with us fought

