
so desperately for this position, yet I desire to call particular attention to the fact that at this time, so far as I know, the colors of the Forty-first Mississippi alone, of this brigade or any other, reached and passed over the crest of this hill.

We fell back near our first position at the base of the hill, where the brigade reformed, and when ordered forward again my regiment alone was held in reserve by General Anderson. This time no assault was made upon the position held by the enemy, but from a hill-top immediately in his front, our first line opened a heavy fire of musketry, which was kept up for some fifteen minutes,when it (the first line) was thrown into confusion and fell back to the first hollow, where they reformed. My regiment was immediately ordered up by General Anderson,and held the crest of the hill until our troops rallied and came back to their position, which they held until relieved by fresh troops, when, our ammunition being exhausted and night being near at hand, we were ordered to the rear, and took no further part in the action, which closed in a short time thereafter.

Where all behaved well it would be invidious to make distinctions, and I beg leave to return my heartfelt thanks to all the officers and men of my regiment for their gallant conduct on the ever-memorable September 20.

The regiment went into action with 502 aggregate, and lost 24 killed, 164 wounded, and 9 missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

W. F. TUCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-first Mississippi.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Anderson's Brigade.

No. 349.

Report of Colonel J. H. Sharp, Forty-fourth Mississippi Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,Near Chattanooga, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the action of my regiment (Forty-fourth Mississippi) in the recent engagement on the Chickamauga. I omit mention of events preceding the fight of Sunday, September 20:

About 10 a.m. on the morning of the 20th ultimo, we were ordered forward into action. We passed over breastworks from which the enemy had been driven by the line in front of us; crossed an old field and charged up a hill upon which the enemy's artillery was posted just as the above first-mentioned line was wavering. Seeing support at hand they moved forward with us. We carried everything. I took no note of guns or prisoners captured. The last, in great numbers, were passed through the line. We captured two stand of colors. Having advanced 2 miles, and the enemy making no stand, we were ordered to retire. We were then carried to the support of a brigade on our right. Here we were ordered forward against the enemy, strongly posted behind the top of a hill. We were repulsed three times in confusion. It is but justice to state that

