
No. 351.

Report of Captain James Garrity, Alabama battery.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, October 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of the Chickamauga:

On the 18th and 19th was not engaged. Conformed my movements to that of the brigade.

About 3 p.m. Sunday, I placed the battery in position on the right of Anderson's brigade and opened fire on the enemy, who occupied a hill in front of Kershaw's brigade. After firing 23 rounds, I was ordered to report to General Preston. He assigned me a position in rear of his division, where I remained until the close of the battle.

Casualties, 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GARRITY,

Captain, Commanding Garrity's Battery, Anderson's Brigade, Hindman's Division.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 352.

Report of Brigadier General Zach. C. Deas, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEAS' BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIV., POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Missionary Ridge, before Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of September 19 and 20, on Chickamauga Creek:

Late in the afternoon of September 17, my brigade, with the division, left La Fayette, and bivouacked for the night near Worthen's Gap.

The next morning we moved forward and formed line of battle on the east side of Chickamauga Creek, opposite to Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we had skirmishing and artillery firing off and on during that and the next day, until the division was relieved by that of General Breckinridge and ordered to cross the creek at Hunt's Ford, about 1 1/2 miles below. Soon after crossing we came under fire of the enemy's artillery, when I received orders to form on the right of Manigault's brigade with General Anderson supporting, and move forward which I did promptly but before I reached the line of the enemy it was dark. All fighting having ceased I fell back under orders a short distance and bivouacked for the night.

At early daylight I again moved forward to take my position in line, which was at the time occupied by a portion of a division under Brigadier-General Law, which was moving by the right

