
flank to make room for me, but it was 7, or perhaps even as late as 8 o'clock, before my entire brigade got into position, with Brigadier-General Manigault's on my left and Brigadier-General Anderson's in support. Here I received instructions that the fighting would commence on the right and gradually extend toward the left, each brigade attacking as the one on its right became engaged.

A few minutes after 10 a.m. heavy firing of infantry and artillery on the right announced that the fight had commenced in earnest, and about 11.20 o'clock the brigade on my right (Gregg's) moved forward and engaged the enemy. I immediately followed, and by the time I had advanced 300 yards saw the line of the enemy behind a breastwork of logs; at sight of which my men rushed forward with a yell, and, charging the defenses, took them without faltering. As they climbed over, some 600 or 700 of the enemy threw down their arms and hurried through our line to the rear. These works were at the foot of a gradually sloping hill of considerable height, just beyond the crest of which was posted about twelve pieces of artillery, and in front of them a little lower down was another work of the enemy, which was carried by my brave and gallant men without a moment's faltering. About twelve pieces of artillery were taken here.

By the time I gained the crest of the hill my brigade (which had for some distance been moving at a double-quick, passing in this manner over two works of the enemy) became somewhat scattered, and were in consequence checked for the moment in their onward movement. It was at this period that Brigadier-General Anderson's gallant Mississippi brigade came to my assistance, and as my men saw them coming they moved forward again, and, in conjunction with this brigade, captured several other pieces of artillery and scattered the enemy in our front so effectually that they never rallied or reformed again during the day on this part of the field.

During this charge my brigade occupied the extreme left of the army, with the exception of Brigadier-General Anderson's, which, from being in support, had got on my left.

I now halted and reformed my brigade, to be used as emergencies might require, and, learning that Major-General Hindman was near by, reported in person, and received orders to move to the rear and right and assist the troops, then engaged, which proved to be Brigadier General Bushrod R. Johnson's division. I should here state that my men killed early in the fight and bore off the body of Brigadier-General Lytle, U. S. Army.

In moving back to take a new position Brigadier-General Anderson's brigade and mine came together, but soon separated again, he going to the right and I to the left to form on the left of Brig. General Bushord R. Johnson; but on taking my position, under instructions from him, I found there was a gap of about 600 or 700 yards. General Manigault coming up some time after this with his brigade, was ordered by Major-General Hindman to fill up this gap. To get into line with these brigades it was necessary for me to make a right wheel and to form a line at right wheel again, or swing to the right, which brought me in collision with the enemy. My brigade at this time being the extreme left of the army and on the east side of the Rossville road, formed a line facing almost to the left flank of the one I occupied in the morning. Here commenced an attack on the

