
right and rear of Thomas' or Granger's corps posted on a steep hill, on which was planted artillery. My brigade was at this time without any support whatever. The ascent of this hill was exceedingly difficult, besides being very steep. Here I met with the most obstinate resistance I had encountered during the day, and after contending with the enemy in this unequal position during an hour and a half, my men in this time having been partially driven back several times, my whole line was finally driven down the hill. After reforming in an adjoining hollow, I again moved forward, and found that the attack on the enemy had been so severe that they were not disposed to risk another engagement and had retired, leaving me in possession of the field.
It was now dark, and I posted my command so as to hold the Rossville road, on which I then was, and then sent forward scouts 1 mile to the front, who reported no enemy, but captured about 50 prisoners. Here I bivouacked for the night.

The nature of the ground over which the battle was fought did not admit of the free use of artillery, but Dent's battery, which was attacked to my brigade, followed it closely during the morning attack, firing, however, only a few shots, but in the afternoon rendered signal service, fighting at the time with other commands on my right. But the officers deserve special mention for their conduct.

I cannot close this report without testifying my high appreciation of the courage and daring displayed by the officers and men of the brigade which I had the honor to command on this ever-memorable field. They here added fresh laurels to those already won on other fields in the sacred cause of their country.

To regimental and battery commanders and their brave men my thanks are due, and most willingly tendered, for their very valuable assistance and co-operation in aiding to bring this battle to a successful and decisive issue.

To my staff I am specially indebted for their willingness and gallantry in carrying out my orders on the field: Captain E. F. Travis, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Douglas West, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant F. G. Lyon, aide-de-camp; Captain R. H. Williams, volunteer aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. J. Michailoffsky, provost-marshall, and to Senior Surg. V. B. Gilbert; Major R. J. Hill, assistant quartermaster; Major H. A. Deas, assistant commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant F. B. Dallas, ordnance officer, for the zeal and efficiency with which they discharged the duties of their several respective departments.

In going into the fight on the 20th, the brigade numbered 157 officers and 1,785 enlisted men, of whom 125 were killed, 592 wounded, and 28 missing; total, 745.

Among the killed I much regret to record the name of Lieutenant Colonel John Weedon, commanding Twenty-second Alabama Regiment, who fell early on Sunday morning while most gallantly leading and cheering on his brave regiment. A few minutes before him fell the ranking captain of this regiment, J. D. Nott, than whom no braver or better officer ever poured out his life's blood in his country's cause. He died where the brave and good should die-in the front rank, leading his men on to victory. Two heroes, whose lives were sacrificed to fanaticism. Major B. R. Hart, of the same regiment, was severely wounded in the same charge.

I have omitted to state that on Sunday afternoon I passed over

