
some ten or dozen ordnance wagons filled with ordnance stores, three or four pieces of artillery and caissons, many ambulance, and one or two supply wagons, and a dozen or more mules and horses. There had evidently been a stampede here and these were the fruits left for us.

Before closing I wish to mention the fact that the Fifteenth Alabama Regiment, Colonel Oates, was with my brigade a portion of the time during the first attack Sunday morning, and afterward left me to go to the assistance of General Johnson in the fight of the afternoon. It is simple justice to day that what I saw of this regiment it was behaving with great gallantry.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. C. DEAS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hindman's Division.

P. S.-The following statement probably appertains more tot he division than to the brigade report of this battle, and is, therefore, reserved for the postscript:

According to the strong testamentary evidence of the occasion, and that also of very many prisoners, this brigade, very materially and opportunely assisted by Anderson's, attacked on Sunday morning Sheridan's division, of McCook's corps, and by the impetuosity of their attack so thoroughly cut off Davis' division, of the same corps, that they never again assisted in the fight on that day, and, from the best information I can gather, fell back to Chattanooga, by the western road to Rossville. The names of divisions above cited are taken from the statements of prisoners.

This postscript is meant more for information than as a portion of my report.

No. 353.

Report of Lieutenant Frederick B. Dallas, Ordnance Officer.
HDQRS. DEAS' BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIVISION, ETC.,Missionary Ridge, October 24, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to circular from War Department, Ordnance Bureau, Richmond, June 24, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On September 19, I, in company with the other trains of this division, acting under orders from Major E. B. D. Riley, chief of ordnance, Hindman's division, parked my train near Pea Vine Church, to the right and in rear of the division. There was heavy firing during the greater part of the day immediately in front and to the right of our position, but Deas' brigade was not actively engaged until the next day. Here I issued, by order of Major Riley, 500 rounds of cartridges to the Fifth Georgia Cavalry.

On the following morning we were ordered to Hunt's Ford, Chickamauga Creek, where the brigade became engaged. Its strength on the morning of the battle was 1,942 infantry and a company of artillery numbering 87, with six 12-pounder Napoleon guns. The expenditure

