
of ammunition can only be arrived at by approximation, as the brigade supplied themselves once from the ordnance wagons of the enemy. The infantry expended about 96,000 rounds; the artillery about 300, consisting of shot, shell, spherical case, and canister in nearly equal proportions.

The following morning I was ordered to the battle-field, where I collected and transported to the rear 475 stand of arms and 20 sets of accouterments.

Before closing this report, I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that it has been customary in this division as well as in others to issue the rifle-musket cartridge, caliber .69 (elongated ball), to be used in the common Springfield muskets, caliber .69. This ammunition, besides being inferior to the buck and ball, is sometimes very injurious in its effects upon the muskets. The ammunition boxes are marked musket cartridge, caliber .69, and hence I am led to suppose it is used by mistake. (The elongated ball is.685 inch in diameter, and weighs 730 grains, with a charge of powder of 70 grains; whereas the round ball, in common use with the Springfield musket, is .65 inch in diameter, weighing 412 grains, and requires a charge of powder of 110 grains-Ordnance Manual, 1863.) The effect of this great increase in diameter and corresponding decrease in charge of powder is obvious. I observed several muskets in the late action rendered useless by choking, &amp;c., from the use of this cartridge. I have used them, though, with success in the Belgian rifle, caliber .70.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. B. DALLAS,

Ordnance Officer, Deas' Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel H. OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Tennessee.

No. 354.

Report of Colonel Samuel K. McSpadden, Nineteenth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to forward a report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle of Chickamauga:

Having marched from La Fayette, Ga., on the night of the 17th and morning of September 18, we were placed in line of battle near Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we lay under occasional shelling, with skirmishing in front, until (Saturday evening, 19th) we were marched by the right flank some 2 miles across Chickamauga Creek and again placed in line of battle. Here we bivouacked during the night.

Early on Sunday morning (the 20th), we were ordered forward, and about 8 a.m. took position behind some temporary breastworks of logs, chunks, &c. My skirmishers were hotly engaged with those of the enemy at this point, while I lost several men killed and wounded by shell and canister along my line. Those works were in open

