
complete victory; but just at the moment we were hoping to succeed, the troops on our right gave way, leaving my regiment alone ascending the last point within 40 or 50 yards of the enemy's cannon. Immediately I discovered my right wing falling back, squad by squad, against every effort that could be made, until finally my force was reduced to so small a number it became madness to strive longer, and we were again forced to retire across the hill. Yet again we reformed our line, and making the third advance found the enemy and their artillery had left the field to us. Thus ended the day and its terrible battle.
I was then ordered on picket with my regiment, where, during the night and next morning, we were enabled to gather about 50 prisoners, two or three wagons of rations, ammunition, &amp;c., with one piece of artillery, and many small-arms, all of which were turned over and brought away by the proper officers.

My regiment entered into battle with about 469 guns. My loss was: Killed, 34; wounded, 158; missing, 12. Total loss, 204.

My regiment deeply mourns the loss of many gallant comrades, and especially of a good man, a consistent Christian, and excellent officer, in the person of First Lieutenant Joseph B. High, Company H, who was in command of and fell while gallantly leading his company at the enemy's third breastworks.

I am much indebted to the universal gallantry and soldierly bearing of every officer in the regiment, and with the men also, with the few exceptions of stragglers, whose names I shall report in a separate communication.

While I cannot specify the many acts of gallantry and daring exhibited by the different officers and men under my command, there was one instance of valor and daring so extraordinary as to demand my attention. On the second charge in the evening, when the troops on my right gave way and my right wing began to waver, Captain Hugh L. Houston, Company B, sprang to the colors, and, rushing with them to within 30 steps of the enemy's cannon, gallantly waved them and urged the men of follow their country's banner. But finding he was supported by only 40 or 50 men, they were compelled to retire, which they did in good order.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. K. McSPADDEN,

Colonel, Comdg. Nineteenth Alabama Volunteers.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 355.

Report of Captain Harry T. Toulmin, Twenty-second Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND ALABAMA REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga:

On the morning of September 20, the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Co. John Weedon, and

