
bearing them, fearlessly rushed to the front and in advance of the line, and was there riddled with balls, as was subsequently shown by the recovery of his body. The fire at this time was such at to throw the regiment into confusion, in which the loss of Private Braswell and colors was not discovered until too late to rescue them, for amid this confusion the regiment fell back, and was unable afterward to regain its lost position. Twice did it rally and attempt to recover its ground and lost colors, but the storm of grape and canister was so terrible and destructive that every effort proved unavailing. Having fallen back a third time in some disorder, the regiment retired to the foot of the hill and reformed there. This was done by the whole brigade. From this point we moved by the right flank some 300 yards to a point on the crest of a hill, where we formed line of battle and bivouacked for the night. It was now about sunset.

Where all did so well, both officers and men, it would be hard to discriminate, but I cannot fail to mention the coolness and gallantry of Adjt. W. G. Smith, and to express my appreciation of the valuable services rendered by him during the battle; nor can I close this report without the honorable mention of Lieutenant C. J. Michailoffsky, of Company B, whose conduct was so worthy of the cause in which he fought, and whose gallantry was so conspicuous on every part of the field.

I am proud to be able to state that the command displayed such conduct on the battle-field of Chickamauga as will entitle it to another star in that crown of glory it has already won.

The following is a list of casualties in the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment during the battle of Chickamauga, September 20: Went into action with 31 officers and 340 men; aggregate, 371. Killed: Officers, 5; enlisted men 39. Wounded: Officers, 10; enlisted men, 151. Missing, none. Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing, 205.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. TOULMIN,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-second Alabama Regiment.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 356.

Report of Colonel George D. Johnston, Twenty-fifth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,In Front of Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the part borne by the Twenty-fifth Alabama Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga:

The regiment went into the engagement with the brigade (General Deas') of which it is a part, continued in its place with the same during the entire action, bearing its share of the duty and danger.

It bore itself to my satisfaction. Where there was such general good conduct, with but few exceptions, it is hard to discriminate and particularize. I shall refrain from it.

22 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

