
The regiment carried into the engagement about 330 officers and men. Its loss was: Killed, 1 officer, 14 men; wounded, 5 officers, 90 men; missing, 2 men. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 6 officers, 106 men.

Very respectfully,

GEO. D. JOHNSTON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 357.

Report of Colonel Whitfield Clark, Thirty-ninth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Camp on Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I make this as my official report as commander of the Thirty-ninth Alabama Regiment in the late battle of Chickamauga:

My regiment was with its brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Deas, during the whole of the battle; kept its place, and I am proud to say that, with very few exceptions, every officer and man did his duty.

The regiment went into the fight with 310 muskets. One officer and 13 men killed; 6 officers and 76 men wounded.

Very respectfully,

W. CLARK,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-ninth Alabama Regiment.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant General, Deas' Brigade.

No. 358.

Report of Colonel J. G. Coltart, Fiftieth Alabama Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTIETH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I herewith transmit a report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20.

On September 17, we left La Fayette, Ga., at sunset, and marched in the direction of Lee and Gordon's Mills until about midnight, when we bivouacked for the remainder of the night.

On the morning of September 18, the march was resumed at sunrise and continued until we were near the mills. Here line of battle was formed and the Fiftieth Alabama Regiment ordered to support Dent's battery which was put in position some distance in front. The battery was placed near a house on the left of the road, the regiment in rear slightly protected by the brow of the hill. After exchanging a few rounds with our battery the enemy retired. I had 1 man slightly wounded in the hand by a fragment of shell from the

