
enemy's guns. The brigade was now advanced to the hill immediately upon Chickamauga Creek, where I rejoined it with my regiment.

We remained in line of battle Friday night and Saturday morning, September 19. In the afternoon of this day (the 19th) we were moved by the right flank and crossed the creek (Chickamauga) at a ford (name unknown). We now arrived upon a part of the field where the firing was very heavy, and were moved forward to the support of our troops, but we did not become engaged. At this point I had 1 man killed and several wounded. We were finally moved into position and stacked arms for the night. At daylight the line was again moved forward 200 or 300 yards and halted.

About 11 a.m. Sunday (20th), we were ordered to advance, which was done in gallant style. The enemy were discovered strongly posted behind breastworks, but were driven out, without a moment's check, in great confusion. The Fiftieth Alabama Regiment, in the excitement of the charge, found itself in advance of the remainder of the brigade, and our right flank exposed to the fire of the next regiment on our right (Thirty-ninth Alabama). This caused some confusion and checked for the time our advance. The men were soon rallied and the charge continued. Upon a hill in the rear of the enemy's breastworks we encountered the Sixth Ohio Battery. Its support was driven off and the battery captured. The guidon of this battery was taken by Private Amos Chaffin, of Company F, and is now in my possession.

My regiment now became entangled with the brigade of General Anderson, which joined us, and the pursuit of the enemy continued for more than a mile. The troops being much scattered and no enemy near, I asked permission of General Hindman to halt and rejoin my command which was granted.

The brigade being reformed, occupied several positions, but was not again engaged until about 3 p.m., when we were ordered to charge a battery placed in a commanding position and very difficult of approach. The attack was made, but upon reaching the brow of the hill, we met with such a terrible fire of musketry and grape that we were compelled to fall back. Again we made the effort, and again were we repulsed; nor was it possible to rally the men to a third charge. This battery was afterward taken by a charge in a new direction by other troops. Night coming on closed the contest and we camped where we were.

My loss was: Killed, 16; wounded, 81; missing, 8. Total, 105.

The officers and men behaved with great gallantry and I am proud to say that there was less straggling than I have ever known.

I have the honor to mention the names of the following non-commissioned officers and privates who have been reported to me as deserving much credit for their conduct, viz: Sergt. L. Coker, Company F; Privates J. B. Stewart, W. L. Bridges, P. M. Light, and M. Roberts, of Company G; W. N. Pitts, Company H; Sergt. J. M. Pitts, Company I; E. H. Stinnett, Company B, and Rudy Ward, of Company D.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. COLTART,

Colonel, Fiftieth Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

