
No. 359.

Report of Captain James F. Nabers, Seventeenth Alabama Battalion Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. BATTALION SHARPSHOOTERS, DEAS' BRIGADE, October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the battalion sharpshooters was deployed Friday, September 18, about noon, in front of brigade. Stood picket the night following.

Advanced on the morning of September 19 far enough to develop the enemy. Kept up casual firing until evening, when I was relieved by skirmishers from General Helm's brigade, Breckinridge's division. Rejoined the command a short while after nightfall on the battle-field.

Was deployed on the morning of September 20, and moved forward until overtaken by the brigade, and was then with it in its resistless charge upon the enemy's lines.

As far as I was able to see, officers and men conducted themselves well.

The casualties amounted to: Killed, 1; wounded, 9; missing, 2.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,JAS. F. NABERS,

Captain, Comdg. Sharpshooters, Deas' Brigade.

Captain E. F. TRAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 360.

Report of Brig. General Arthur M. Manigault, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MANIGAULT'S BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIV., POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Missionary Ridge, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit this my report of the part taken by this brigade in the late battle of Chickamauga and on the two days preceding it.

On the morning of September 18 (having left our encampment near La Fayette the previous evening), when about 1 1/2 miles from Lee and Gordon's Mills, on Chickamauga Creek, the enemy opening upon our column while on the march from a battery on the opposite side, we were ordered to form a line of battle fronting the enemy's position, which threw my command, the right resting on the road, obliquely across an open field, our front being covered by skirmishers deployed from each regiment and under the command of Major Butler, of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment. Here the men were ordered to lie down in order to avoid the fire of the enemy's artillery, which had begun to open upon our lines, causing a loss of 6 men in the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina. This position was afterward changed, in order to bring our right nearer to General Deas' left, whose brigade extended beyond me to the right.

