
Bivouacking near the road that night, we again occupied a position near the same place, but with the lines advanced and the left thrown forward some 300 or 400 yards on the following morning, the enemy's artillery occasionally throwing a few shot in our neighborhood, but without effect, our skirmishers keeping up a steady fire with those of the enemy opposing them, suffering a small loss on their own part.

In the afternoon of this day (September 19), we received orders, through the division commander,to move with the division to join the main body of the army, a portion of which had become engaged, the battle having commenced. Moving by the right flank and following the brigade of General Deas, we crossed the Chickamauga at Hunt's Ford, wading to the west bank. Continuing to move on for a distance of about 2 miles we arrived upon the ground, in the neighborhood of which Hood's division had been engaged during the afternoon. It was understood that we were to support this division. The brigade was then formed in line, with that of General Deas upon the right and Anderson's as a support, a few hundred yards in rear, our line facing directly west. It was now after sunset when the order to move forward was received and we advanced, dressing to the right, some 400 or 500 yards, moving forward slowly and with difficulty, owing to the dense growth through which we had to pass. Skirmishers were thrown to the front, the line having been halted. The skirmishers and the left companies of the Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment,on the extreme left of the brigade, a short time after nightfall twice became engaged with a force of the enemy, believed to be a reconnoitering party, in which that regiment lost some 12 or 13 men killed and wounded,but in each instance inflicting a severe loss upon the enemy and driving them back.

Falling back from the above position, by order of the division commander, about 9 o'clock that night, we rejoined the line of battle, a portion of the brigade filling the space between the left of Hood's division and the right of Major-General Buckner's corps.

On the morning of September 20 (Sunday) at an early hour, our final line of battle was completed, the brigade being in the front line, General Deas, with his brigade, of Preston's division, Buckner's corps. My instructions were to move forward when the brigade to my right moved, the attack commencing on the right of the army, the movement being taken up successively by each division and brigade toward the left, and I was also informed that the troops on my left would move forward in like manner.

At about 11.30 a.m. (the action having commenced on the right at about 10 o'clock) General Deas' brigade began its forward movement, and my own was given the order to advance. The guide being to the right, in order to preserve a continuous line (as much as possible) with that portion of the division on the right, the men were obliged to move forward at a very rapid pace. Skirmishers covering the entire front preceded our advance at a distance of from 100 to 150 yards. The brigade moved steadily on for a distance of some 600 or 700 yards before meeting with any opposition, when we found the enemy in our front posted near the crest of a hill, a gradual ascent leading to it, and behind breastworks of logs and timber their infantry lay, opening upon the command a heavy fire at short range from their positions of fancied security. At this point the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina were partially in a wood, the Twenty-

