
fourth Alabama were exposed in an open field in front of them, and in the center of which was planted a Federal battery, several pieces of artillery also being in the wood on our right. Waters' battery, which had followed in rear of the brigade, occupied our center, the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment to the left of this wood also in an open field with thick woods in their front. The entire line now became hotly engaged, the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina and Twenty-fourth Alabama advancing to within 80 yards of the enemy's breastworks, receiving and giving a heavy fire. He they were checked and from the severity of the fire thrown into some confusion, not so much from the fire in their front as from a heavy enfilade fire from the enemy on their left, which caused a heavy loss; but they almost immediately advanced again and drove the enemy from his works, capturing many prisoners and three pieces of artillery. The Twenty-eighth and Thirty-fourth Alabama moved steadily forward, also receiving a heavy fire, and drove the enemy from the works in their front.

Finding myself at this time on the extreme left of the army (the forces on my left which, when in line of battle, I had been told would advance simultaneously with me had not done so, the information which I had received being, I suppose, incorrect), and that my left flank was overlapped, as far as could be seen, by several regiments of the enemy's infantry, and not knowing how heavy the enemy's force was in this direction, my three right regiments being thrown in much confusion, and a large force of the enemy advancing through the field on my center to recover their lost ground, and three pieces of artillery which had been captured by the Nineteenth South Carolin (which however, the enemy did not succeed in doing), I ordered the brigade to fall back about 300 yards across the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. In this movement the two left regiments (the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiments) fell back with an unbroken front. In retiring the battery, the pole of the limber of a piece having been broken, the piece was for a time abandoned. However, Colonel Reid, commanding Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment, moved his regiment forward, deploying two companies as skirmishers, and succeeded in recovering it. Just after having given the order for the retirement of the brigade, General Anderson's command of Mississippians, the reserve of the division, came gallantly forward and swept by me, his left regiment covering some four or five companies of my right regiment-the Tenth South Carolina. Colonel Pressley, commanding the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina, with several companies, here joined him and continued to move forward. Previous to the advance of General Anderson, I had sent to General Buckner to request that the brigade which had been on my left while in line (Trigg's brigade) should be sent forward to my support. They soon made their appearance, but the enemy had fallen back, owing to the advance of Generals Deas, Anderson, and others on my right, they apprehending in all probability that they themselves would be cut off, seeing also that re-enforcements were coming to my assistance.

The line having been reformed, the brigade was then moved forward and was placed, by order of General Hindman, on the right of General Deas' brigade, then occupying a portion of a ridge west of the road known as the Rossville road. Here we remained but a

