
heart by a rifle ball and expiring immediately. Earnest and zealous in the discharge of his duty, he had made himself respected and beloved in this command by his gentlemanly manners, his impartial and consistent discharge of the duties of his department, and by his great courage, coolness, and judgment in action. The Twenty-fourth Alabama also lost one of its most efficient officers, Captain O'Brien, a gentleman of accomplished mind, a brave and gallant officer. Captain Chamberlain and Lieutenant Cooper, of same regiment, were severely wounded, and their valuable services will be for a long period lost to their country.

The following named officers were distinguished for their conduct on the field, and I take pleasure in bringing them to your attention in this report: Lieutenant Colonel Julius T. Porcher, Tenth South Carolina Volunteers; Major J. L. White, Nineteenth South Carolina Volunteers,and Adjutant Ferrell, of same regiment. Of Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment, Captains Hazard, Oliver, McCrackin, Fowler, and Hall; Lieutenants Higley, Chapman, Parham, Dunlap, Young, Enholm, Wood, Hanley, Northrup, Short; Adjutant Jennison, and Sergeant-Major Mink. Color Sergeant Moody behaved with great gallantry. Lieutenant Jordan, of Twenty-eighth Alabama, conducted himself in a most conspicuous manner, and I regret to say was killed during the action. Of the same regiment, Captains Hopkins and Ford, Lieutenant Graham, and Acting Adjutant Wood, throughout the action were distinguished for their gallant conduct. Captain Reese, acting quartermaster, and Commissary Sergeant Craig were efficient in the discharge of their duties in their respective departments. Of Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment, Lieutenants Mitchell, Lambert, Oliver, Crockett, and Bickerstaff behaved in a manner to attract attention.

I cannot close my report without referring specially to the conduct and bearing of Colonel J. C. Reid, commanding, and Major W. L. Butler, Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment; Colonel J. F. Pressley, commanding Tenth South Carolina; Colonel N. N. Davis, commanding, and Lieutenant Colonel B. Sawyer, Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment, and Major Slaughter, commanding Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment, and to their individual exertions is to be attributed much of the success which attended our arms on that day. Untiring in their efforts, they set an example to their commands by their personal daring, the effect of which was visible in many instances.

To my staff I am indebted for the most valuable assistance. Captain C. I. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant W. E. Huger, aide-de-camp, who fearlessly exposed their persons, carrying and executing orders under the most trying circumstances. Lieutenant Malone, brigade provost-marshall, was active in the discharge of his duty, and rendered efficient service in the prevention of straggling, forcing many who were unwilling to face the heavy fire to which they had been exposed back into their proper positions.

I beg leave to call your attention tot he reports of the regimental commanders, who have more particularly specified the names, rank, &amp;c., of parties conspicuous for their conduct in their respective regiments on the occasion of the battle of Chickamauga.

I have the honor, major, to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. M. MANIGAULT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. P. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

