
No. 361.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph H. Johnson, Ordnance Officer.
HDQRS. ORDNANCE DEPT., MANIGAULT'S BRIGADE, November 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I was ordered on the morning of September 19, to follow in the rear of General Deas' brigade ordnance train. In this manner we proceeded to within about half a mile of Alexander's Brigade, when we halted in an old field and remained there the remainder of the day. Major Riley ordered me to turn over to a squall of cavalry who were without ammunition 3,000 cartridges of caliber .69 and 500 of caliber .54.

On the morning of the 20th, were ordered to change our position across Chickamauga Creek, where we remained the balance of that day waiting for further orders.

On the morning of the 21st, were ordered to proceed to the rear of Manigault's brigade to supply the troops with ammunition. After doing so, I went on the battle-field to collect arms. We collected 400, 352 of which were sent to Alexander's Bridge; the balance were kept in the brigade.

The amount of cartridges consumed by brigade, 33,000; amount consumed by artillery, 32 rounds abandoned and blown up in caisson of the gun.

JOS. H. JOHNSON,Lieutenant, and Ordnance Officer, Manigault's Brigade.

Lieutenant-Colonel OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Bragg's Army Tennessee.

P. S.-The effective strength of brigade: Infantry, 1,856; artillery, 70.

No. 362.

Report of Colonel N. N. Davis, Twenty-fourth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date from brigade headquarters, calling for a report of the action taken by the respective regiments and battery in the late battle of Chickamauga, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in that engagement by this regiment:

Early on the morning of September 18, I being on picket with my regiment at the gap leading through Pigeon Mountain to McLemore's Cove, received orders to rejoin the brigade with my regiment, immediately after which the brigade took up line of march on the road leading from La Fayette to Lee and Gordon's Mills, and arrived near the latter place about 10 a.m., when the brigade halted in the road, and orders were received from the brigade commander to deploy two companies as skirmishers on the left flank of the regiment, and to connect with skirmishers on the right and left. Captains Fowler and Hall, with their respective companies, were ordered on this duty, both under the command of the former. The brigade then moved a short distance farther down the road toward the mills, where it again halted and line of battle was formed fronting Chickamauga Creek and in an oblique angle to the road. The skirmishers

