
moved to the right, so as to cover the front of the brigade and about 300 yards in advance. In forming line of battle the enemy discovered the movement and opened upon us from a battery on the opposite side of the creek, but fortunately no damage was done, the shells passing over and exploding in our rear. Late in the evening the regiment moved by the right flank with the brigade back into the road and some 400 or 500 yards nearer the mill, when it halted and bivouacked for the night on the roadside.

Early Saturday morning (the 19th), reformed line of battle fronting the creek as before. The enemy again opened upon us from their battery, but with no effect. Our skirmishers were ordered to advance nearer the creek, which they did under fire of the enemy's skirmishers on the opposite bank. In moving forward, Private Thomas J. Carter, of Captain Fowler's company, was killed. The regiment remained in line of battle, the enemy shelling us at intervals until late in the evening, when it moved with the brigade some 3 miles down the creek to Hunt's Ford, and after crossing joined the main body of the army. After crossing, the regiment proceeded about a mile and formed line of battle with the brigade and moved to the front some 600 or 800 yards, when it halted and we were ordered to bivouac for the night.

Captains Fowler and Hall, with their companies, rejoined the regiment early Sunday morning. Immediately afterward the regiment moved with the brigade and took position in the front line of battle. At 10.15 a.m. the order was received to advance. After moving forward about 400 or 500 yards through the woods, the regiment entered an open field, through which it continued to advance briskly for some distance up a gentle slope, and immediately upon arriving upon the crest of the hill the enemy opened upon us a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. The order having been previously given to guide upon the regiment on the right, in order to do this the regiment was compelled to oblique to the right, which threw the right wing into the woods skirting the field. After moving forward a short distance, the regiment came under a heavy cross-fire from the left besides a severe fire from the front. It being discovered that we were being flanked on our left, the order was given to fall back, which was immediately obeyed.

In this charge the regiment suffered severely, both in killed and wounded. Captain W. J. O'Brien was mortally wounded while gallantly leading his company forward, and Captain B. S. Chamberlain severely wounded while leading on his men. Lieutenant Cooper was dangerously wounded while some distance in advance of his regiment. The color bearer, Sergt. George W. Moody, receiving a severe wound, dropped the colors,which was not discovered until after the regiment was rallied. Lieutenant Young, with 4 men, immediately volunteered to bring them off the field, but they could not be found. It is reported that Sergt. George B. Ackerman, of Company G, was seen with the colors in hand going toward the enemy's lines, and it is supposed he deserted, as he has not been heard from since.

The line having again been formed, the regiment moved with the brigade by the right flank about a mile on the road leading to McFarland's Springs, when line of battle was again formed near the foot of a range of hills and at right angles to our original line. It then moved forward upon the slope of a hill where it was ordered to halt, as I supposed to await the movement of some troops on the

