
left. In a few minutes the order was given to advance. We had gone but a short distance before the enemy [opened] upon us a heavy fire from the top of hill, where they were strongly posted, with both infantry and artillery. After morning forward some distance up the hill the fire became so heavy the regiment fell back. It was soon rallied, and again moved forward to the charge; again fell back. Several charges were in like manner made, and with the same result until about sundown, when a final and successful charge was made and the enemy driven back from the hill in confusion. We pressed forward briskly and followed the enemy in his retreat until dark, when we halted to await orders, supposing it to be dangerous to proceed farther in the dark.

Both officers and men were completely exhausted, having fought desperately for more than three consecutive hours before the enemy could be driven from their position. In following up the enemy the different regiments became confused and mixed. When we halted order was again restored and we were ordered to the crest of the hill, where we bivouacked for the night.

Conspicuous for their gallantry during the day I would mention Adjutant Jennison, Captains Hazard, Oliver, McCrackin, Fowler, and Hall; Lieutenants Higley, Chapman, Parham, Dunlap, Young, Enholm, Wood, Hanley, Northrup, Short, and Nettles, and Sergeant-Major Mink. In fact, many of the officers did their duty nobly, and exerted themselves in rallying their men and urging them forward to the charge.

Among the non-commissioned officers and privates I would mention the following as having behaved with great gallantry during the entire day: Sergeant Neil and Private Crevillan, Company A; Sergeants Wylie (killed) and Moody, Company D; Sergeant Bumpers and Private Hall, Company E; Corporal Sweat and Private Boswell, Company F; Privates J. M. Ragland and C. P. Hurtel, Company G; Corporal Tatum and Private Smith, Company H; Sergeant New and Private Walters, Company I; Sergeant Tally, Privates Wilson, Carter, Scott, Love, Eubank, and Fulmer-in fact all of this company [K]. J. B. Hall, a youth of seventeen years of age, joined his brother's company (Company K) as an independent volunteers,and fell mortally wounded while gallantly fighting the enemy some distance in advance of the regiment.

The regiment went into action with an aggregate of 381, and lost in killed, wounded, and missing as follows: Killed, 22; wounded, 91; missing, 3. Total, 116.

Respectfully submitted.

N. N. DAVIS,

Colonel, Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment.

Captain C. I. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 363.

Report of Colonel John C. Reid, Twenty-eighth Alabama Infantry.

BATTLE LINE, IN FRONT OF CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, received this day, I have the honor to make the following report of

