
the action of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment in the battles of Chickamauga, fought on the 19th and 20th ultimo:

During the afternoon of Thursday (the 17th), the regiment, together with the brigade, moved from its bivouac near La Fayette, and marching through said place entered the Chattanooga road leading by Gordon's Mills. After a march of 10 miles the command bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 18th, it again moved on said road and reached the vicinity of Chickamauga Creek, where we formed our line of battle, facing the creek, a few hundred yards from the right bank, the enemy occupying the right bank and playing on us heavily with his batteries; but, owing to the configuration of the ground, did us but little damage, wounding only 1 man. The command remained in this position, with Companies B and G as skirmishers, until 5 p.m., when, by orders from brigade [head] quarters, we moved by the right flank and formed a new line closer in to the creek bank, and in this position the command bivouacked during the night of the 18th.

Early on the morning of the 19th, by orders from the brigadier-general commanding, the regiment moved closer in to the enemy, and formed a new line a short distance from the creek and well up to their batteries, which, at intervals, kept up a vigorous fire, but with little effect, Companies B and G engaging those of the enemy on the opposite shore. About 12 o'clock, the battle having opened far on our right, the regiment, by orders from the brigadier-general commanding, moved by the right flank about 2 1/2 miles down the creek, which it crossed by wading, about 2 p.m., and continued its march in quick time in the direction of the fighting.

About 4 o'clock Robertson's brigade, Hood's division, was attacked by large numbers, and the regiment,with the brigade, double-quicked into position in rear of said command as a support; but they withstood the shock and drove him [them] back. By the right flank the regiment moved, together with the brigade, into its position in line, which was accomplished under fire of infantry, and occupied until night before completing it, Company C [acting] as skirmishers. It was then withdrawn several hundred yards and bivouacked for the night.

Early on the morning of the 20th, the regiment took its place in line near where the night was spent and impatiently waited the signal to move on the enemy. At 11 o'clock the command forward was given, and rapidly the line advanced, encountering the enemy ont he west side of the road leading from Chattanooga to Rome and about 1 1/2 miles from the creek. The enemy were behind formidable fortifications, however, though the attack was so rapid and determined that they ignominiously fled before our approach, firing only a few guns. The regiment, highly elated with this success, quickly mounted their guns, and pushed vigorously forward in pursuit, through a field and dense copse of woods, the surface gradually descending for near three-quarters of a mile, and halted only by command of the brigadier-general commanding.

Meanwhile the enemy had rallied and attacked us from a position of his own choosing, on a ridge covered with trees and in front of our immediate right by a farm-house. The regiment fought them determinedly until ordered to fall back by orders from brigade headquarters, which was done in the best order, the regiment halting a

