
assault and drove them, routed, demoralized, from the field. We pursued the enemy beyond the hill for three-quarters of a mile. While engaged in this pursuit, I was joined by Lieutenant Mitchell, of the Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment, with 30 men from his command. They acted gallantly, and as something due them I mention the fact in this connection. After pursuing the enemy for the space above designated,we were ordered to halt by General Bushord [R.] Johnson, in command of this part of the division of our army. The undersigned was then placed in command of the brigade by General Johnson, and was ordered to take position for the night on the rear crest of the ridge described, which he did about dark.

The colonel commanding takes pride and gratification in returning his thanks to both the officers and men of his command for the promptness and alacrity with which they obeyed all his commands. Men never fought more gallantly than did my command. I cannot find words adequate to express the weight of obligation I am under to them for their heroic conduct.

He also desires to return his sincere thanks to the medical department (not to include [sic] the infirmary corps) for the zeal and faithfulness with which they labored, spending every moment of their [time] in alleviating the pain and distress of the wounded.

The ordnance department, also, is entitled to my thanks for their promptness in the discharge of their duties.

I am also under obligations to Captain Carlos Reese, acting quartermaster, and to Sergt. William Craig, of the commissary department, for their untiring efforts in trying to keep the command fed. In this they succeeded admirable.

The memory of Lieutenant C. S. Jordan and his brave comrades, who fell on the field nobly battling for the rights of freemen,shall ever be cherished with the kindest remembrance by their commander. Men who sacrifice life and all they hold dear on earth in such a cause can never be forgotten, and deserve to live forever.

The colonel commanding cannot close this report without an expression of obligation to the brigadier-general commanding for the coolness, impartiality, and skill which he exhibited throughout the trying scenes of the conflict. Always at his post, he contributed more than his share in achieving the victory of which we have so much reason to be proud. To the members of his staff-Captains C. I. Walker, assistant adjutant-general; D. E. Huger, assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant W. E. Huger, aide-de-camp-he also returns his obligations. Nobly and gallantly did they perform their several duties, rallying the men of the command whenever they showed a disposition to give way. Captain D. E. Huger, assistant inspector-general, deserves the thanks of the whole command for his untiring exertions. Never did an officer display more gallantry on a field. In the discharge of his duties as a soldier he fell. His memory will be cherished and his services never forgotten.

To Lieutenant Malone, provost-marshal, the command is under command of the brigade at the conclusion of the battle. This was occasioned by part of the troops of the same being under the immediate command of General Manigault near the late battle ridge, and also of this officer's remaining there to perform the last sad rites

