
over the remains of his relative and inspector-general, Captain D. E. Huger.

Accompanying this report the undersigned had the honor to submit the list* of killed and wounded.

I am, captain, with high respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. REID,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment.

Captain C. I. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 364.

Report of Major John N. Slaughter, Thirty-fourth Alabama Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, ETC.,Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the participation of the Thirty-fourth Alabama Regiment in the battle of Chickamauga:

Friday, September 18.-I formed the regiment in line of battle south of Chickamauga Creek, half a mile northwest of Mrs. Hunt's residence, in a field. By orders from the brigadier-general commanding, I threw out as skirmishers Companies E and H, commanded by First Lieutenant Colquitt and Captain Carter. I was ordered to conform to the movements of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment on my right. My command remained in this position two or three hours, when it was marched by the right flank and formed line of battle; retired 150 yards from the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment to avoid the fire of the enemy's artillery, which swept the field in our front. In this position it rested upon arms for the night.

Saturday, September 19.-Under your order and direction, the regiment moved to the front in line of battle through the open field between one-quarter and a half mile, then by the left flank into a body of woods, and formed line in support of Captain Garrity's battery, which moved up to our front. My command was 150 yards to the left of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment, and I kept up communication with it by a sentinel.

The regiment remained in this position until 3 or 4 p.m., when it marched by the right flank in rear of Mrs. Hunt's residence to Hunt's Ford, on Chickamauga Creek, 3 miles below, and crossed it by wading, and thence to the field of battle, where we formed in line. After a number of maneuvers my command moved forward with directions to conform to the movements of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment and gradually swing to the right. After marching to the front a quarter of a mile in this way, the brigade commenced forming in line of battle. We were ordered to give way to the left, and I directed Second Lieutenant Cobb, acting assistant adjutant, to conduct the regiment to the left until we had room.

It was now becoming dark, and while moving in this direction, four companies having entered the field, they were fired upon by the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

