
The enemy's position was a strong one, as the accompanying diagram will show. The ridge on which they were posted divided, and

MAP

the apex was where three ridges met. The left of the Twenty-eighth Alabama rested on the one to my right, Deas' brigade extended over the one to my left, and the enemy occupied the one in my front,his battery being placed some 100 or 150 paces from the apex, being in a slight depression of the ridge which protected him from our fire. My regiment occupied an inclined plane between the first two ridges. The ground was such that the right and left of the regiment was exposed to a fire for 100 paces before the center. The moment the men appeared above the ridge they were exposed to a sweeping fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. We received orders at this juncture to move forward and govern ourselves by the movements of the Twenty-eighth Alabama, on our right, and Deas' brigade on our left. The regiment had moved forward with firmness some 50 or 60 paces up the hill when they were met by the right regiment of Deas' brigade falling back in disorder, they having come under a severe fire of canister and musketry, as did also the right companies of my regiment, which caused it to falter and fall back in confusion. I attempted to rally them, and with the assistance of some of my officers a number were rallied, who moved forward with the colors, and kept their position with the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment during the remainder of the battle. The rest became so confused with Deas' men, and continued to fall back down the hill, that I could not rally them until they reached the top of the opposite hill. I ordered Captain Carter to the top of the hill, where, with assistance of other officers, he succeeded in rallying and forming them again. I was about returning to my position in line when I was ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to retire near my first position of the evening.

I would here state that Captain Huger, inspector-general, rendered me valuable assistance, and I would add my testimony to his gallantry on the field. Riding fearlessly amid the shower of canister and Minie balls, waving his sword and calling upon the men to rally, and encouraging them by his heroic daring, he fell pierced through the heart and died almost instantly. We rejoice to know that he died as the patriot and soldier would wish to die-in the stern performance of duty-yet we mourn that one so young, so gallant, so full of promise, should be cut off int he morning of life and at the threshold of his usefulness and be lost to his family, and his invaluable services lost to his country in this her hour of peril.

23 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

