
The regiment moved forward under orders and rested for the night near a battery on the hill in front of a small farm.

Monday, September 21.-We were ordered to join the brigade in front this morning and then moved back near the little farm, stacked arms, and sent out details to bury our dead.

We would add briefly the causes of the regiment falling back on the hill: First, nearly half of the regiment had not had a drop of water for twenty-four hours, and the balance but a scantly supply, in consequence of the loss of our canteens the evening previous; second, being on the left and swinging flank, my regiment performed all movements at a brisk run in the morning. It ran a mile in the first charge, and without time to rest it ran back to the La Fayette and Chattanooga road. This was done with their knapsacks and blankets on, a portion of the time under heavy fire without being able to return it. We were also compelled to move at a brisk pace over the rugged spurs of Missionary Ridge to our last position in order to keep up with the line, the consequence was the almost complete exhaustion of a great majority of the regiment; third, they were confused by the falling back and mixing up with Deas' men; fourth, the enemy's artillery was so situated that as our men arose above the hill they were swept by canister and musketry without being able to return the fire, and owing to the steepness of the hill they were compelled to advance slowly. To denote the severity of the fire, although we were not under it more than two minutes, and the right companies mainly exposed, yet we lost 38 killed and wounded, and the right company, though small, 13 of these.

In closing this report, I have the general remark to make that the men acted well under the circumstances. The officers were prompt and energetic, and it is hard to distinguish who performed their duties best where all did well; but I feel it incumbent upon me to notice some special instances of gallantry. I would mention the names of Captain Burch, First Lieutenant Mitchell, Second Lieutenants Lambert, Oliver, Crockett, and Bickerstaff. Among the non-commissioned officers and privates, Sergeant Carlton, Company A, who was killed; Color Corporal Ferguson, Company C; Color Corporal Willingham, Company D, who was wounded while bearing the colors; Private Adams, Company B, wounded; Riddle, Company B; Bone, Company F; Salmon, Company G, who was killed while leading in a charge on a battery.

I was ably assisted by Acting Assistant Adjutant Cobb and Captain Carter, acting major, and would recommend them to your favorable notice.

Respectfully,

JNumbers N. SLAUGHTER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. I. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 365.

Report of Colonel James F. Pressley, Nineteenth South Carolina Infantry, commanding Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH AND NINETEENTH S. C. VOLS.,Missionary Ridge, Tenn., October 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the late battle of Chickamauga.

