
On September 18, we were first formed in line of battle on the right bank of Chickamauga Creek, a little above Lee and Gordon's Mills, and having three companies in front as skirmishers our line did not become engaged, but was at times submitted to severe shelling from the enemy's batteries on the opposite side of the creek, from which we lost 2 men killed and 5 wounded.

We held our position till the afternoon of the 19th, when, together with the remainder of our division, we were moved to the right some 2 miles crossing Chickamauga Creek at Hunt's Ford, moving forward and taking position in the front line of the army for the night.

On the morning of the 20th, our division was transferred to the command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, and we were placed in the Left Wing of the army. At 11 o'clock we were ordered placed in against the enemy. Moving forward some three-quarters of a mile, we encountered his line strongly posted, partly behind breastworks of logs and dirt and partly behind the crest of a hill. We advanced up to within about 60 or 70 yards, when the engagement between us became general and exceedingly hotly contested. Out brigade being, unfortunately, not supported on the left,and the enemy's line overlapping us, the three left regiments were necessarily either forced to retire or move by the right flank for protection under some woods on their right. This entirely exposed my left, the enemy at the same time opening from that direction a most terrific enfilade fire upon us with both musketry and artillery, from the effects of which my command was suffering intensely. Notwithstanding this, the men fought with great desperation, and the left of my command, principally the Nineteenth Regiment, succeeded in pushing forward, driving the enemy from three pieces of his artillery and passing some distance beyond the captured guns. My position at this time became a critical one, being comparatively isolated, and, after having had some of my best officers disabled and many a noble soldier killed or wounded, we were forced to retire. Just at this juncture Brigadier-General Anderson's brigade came to our relief, a part of one of his regiments passing through my ranks as we were falling back, which, together with the terrible fire to which we were exposed, divided my command. In a very few minutes I succeeded in rallying a portion of my regiments, amounting to a fair representation from each company, and immediately followed after the gallant Mississippians who were driving the already severely punished Abolitionists before them.

Owing to the forced retirement of the left of our brigade, I was at this time alone, but finding Major-General Hindman, he ordered me to report temporarily to Brigadier-General Deas, who was then reforming his brigade. I moved on his left for some two hours, till I again met my own brigade. We were then moved forward to attempt to dislodge the enemy from a strong position occupied by his center on very high hills near the Rossville road. His position here was well chosen, and his troops encouraged by having repelled one attack of our troops against him. We moved upon this position about 3.30 o'clock, and were several times repulsed, but not discouraged; we would as often advance upon the enemy's stronghold. Here the last struggle was made by our adversaries, and they brought up line after line of their reserve troops and threw them against us. But by the determination of our brave soldiers and the firm resolve which seemed to pervade almost every breast that we would conquer

