
or die, we succeeded about sunset in completely routing them and assisted in gaining for our army a signal victory. This ended the fighting in the battle of Chickamauga.

The two regiments which I have the honor to command did their duty nobly, and where so many did their whole duty it would be invidious in me to make distinctions. Of course, as is probably the case in all bodies of men, there were individuals who failed to act their part in the great struggle, but of those it would be out of place to particularize in this report.

I am particularly indebted to and most cheerfully award the meed of praise to Lieutenant Colonel Julius T. Porcher, Major J. L. White, and Adjt. J. O. Ferrell for valuable and efficient service rendered throughout the entire battle.

Our losses were heavy. We buried upon the battle-field 1 commissioned officer and 25 enlisted men. Our wounded are 5 commissioned officers and 205 enlisted men. Total loss, 236. A number of our wounds were mortal and the list of dead that we have already heard of reaches over 40.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. PRESSLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. I. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Manigault's Brigade.

No. 366.

Report of Lieutenant George D. Turner, Water's (Alabama) Battery.

WATERS' BATTERY, October 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In accordance with orders, the battery followed the center of the brigade. At about 12 o'clock on the 21st [20th], before the pieces could be brought in battery, the infantry (so far as could be seen) falling back, Lieutenant C. W. Watkins commanding, deemed it prudent to fall back also. In so doing, one of the poles having been broken in turning, had so leave the piece, which was afterward recovered.

One man missing; 1 horse killed. The battery took no active part in the engagement.

Respectfully,

GEORGE D. TURNER,

Second Lieutenant Waters' Battery.

Captain C. I. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Manigault's Brigade.

No. 367.

Report of Major General Simon B. Buckner, C. S. Army, commanding corps.

HEADQUARTERS NEAR CHATTANOOGA, November 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with the reports of my subordinate commanders, the following synopsis of the military movements of Buckner's corps on September 18,19 and 20; (which was composed of Johnson's, Brown's, Bate's, and Clayton's brigades), and of the division of Brig. General William Preston (composed of the brigades of Brigadier-General Gracie and of Colonels Trigg and Kelly), of a battalion of artillery to each division and a

