
battalion of reserve artillery under Major S. C. Williams. Brigadier-

General Johnson's brigade, having been detached several days before by orders from army headquarters, was engaged under its gallant commander, under the orders of another corps commander, and did not report to me until two days after the battle.

On the morning of the 18th, I moved from a point on Pea Vine Creek, midway between Pea Vine Church and Rock Spring Church, under orders to cross the West Chickamauga River at Thedford's Ford, after Major-General Walker's division had succeeded in crossing below me. Part of my route being common with that of Walker's column, my march was somewhat retarded by the encounter of the two columns. But notwithstanding this I occupied about 2 p.m., with Stewart's division, after a brisk skirmish, the crossing at Thedford's Ford, and, with Preston's division, without opposition, the crossing at Hunt's (or Dalton's) Ford. In this position, holding both banks of the stream, I awaited the movements of Walker on my right.

At daylight on the 19th, under instructions from the commanding general I crossed my entire corps to the west bank and formed it in line of battle-Stewart on the right-on the left of Hood's division, facing southwest in the direction of Lee and Gordon's Mills, General Cheatham's division, as I was informed, being directed to sustain me in the proposed advance. About noon, when the enemy's attack on Walker had been met, and Cheatman's division (which had been sent to sustain him) had become hotly engaged, Stewart's division was detached, by the orders of the commanding general, to support Cheatham. For the operations of his division until he again came under my orders on the following afternoon, I refer to the report of its able commander.

In obedience to the orders of the commanding general, I remained with my remaining division to hold the extreme left of the line. With this view I deployed Preston's division on a line extending from an abrupt elevation on the bank of the river along a ridge in a northern direction, the flanks well sustained by artillery. Considerable skirmishing took place toward the right of this line, the enemy falling back in southwest direction, and the troops were considerably exposed to artillery fire during the day.

Being informed by a staff of the commanding general that General Hood, who had advanced to my right, was hard pressed, and being requested to re-enforce him as far as I could, I immediately (about 3 p.m.) sent to his assistance the brigade of Colonel Trigg. The gallant and successful charge of this brigade drove back the advancing enemy and relieved the left of Hood, which was outflanked and retiring before the enemy's heavy attack.

During the day both Stewart's division and Trigg's brigade had penetrated the enemy's lines and passed beyond the Chattanooga road; but at night both were drawn back into positions which would conform to the general line, which had pushed forward during the day's action.

During the night of the 19th, I materially strengthened the position on the left by intrenchments.

On the morning of the 20th, Lieutenant-General Longstreet assumed command of the Left Wing. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon he in person ordered me to conduct Preston's division (leaving one regiment and a battery to hold the left) to the Chattanooga road. Between 3 and 4 o'clock it was formed as follows: Gracie's and Kelly's brigades in two lines at right angles with the road north of Brotherton's

