
and just in rear of Poe's (commonly called the burnt house), Trigg's brigade just south of Brotherton's house and supporting Williams' artillery. At this time Stewart was in line his left advanced in front of Preston's right, his right receding, forming an obtuse angle with Preston's line. In his front was a heavy breastwork of logs on the summit of a slight ridge, heavily wooded and strongly held by the enemy's infantry and artillery. His right flank was opposite the angle of this work; his center, facing toward the northwest, was opposed to the flank of the work, which was perpendicular to the road. On Stewart's right, in front of the face of the work and parallel to the Chattanooga road, was Cleburne's division, of Hill's corps. Brigadier-General Law's brigade, of Hood's division, was in line perpendicular to the road, to the left and slightly in advance of Preston and close by the burnt house (Poe's) near which was a battery of Hood's artillery. A personal reconnaissance in company with the lieutenant-general commanding showed an advantageous position for artillery in front of Poe's burning house, from which point the enemy's main line, which fronted eastward and was situated a little to the east of Kelly's field, was exposed to an enfilade fire, or rather to a fire slightly in reserve. His right flank, as before stated, was thrown back at right angles to the road, and was located behind log breastworks in the heavy wood between back, it had, by a conversion on this angle of their work as a pivot, been gradually driven to assume a position also at right angles to the road, his right resting on a chain of heights beginning near Snodgrass' house, about a fourth of a mile west of Kelly's house, on the road and extending westward about 1 mile to the Crawfish road. These heights constitute the southern spurs which terminate Missionary Ridge to the sound, are covered with open woods, have a gentle but irregular slope on the south the north, and the east, and their summits are fully 100 feet above the general level of the surrounding country.

A little after 4 p.m., under instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding, I ordered Preston, with Gracie's and Kelly's brigades, to support Kershaw's brigade in the attack on the heights near Snodgrass' house, sustaining him afterward with Trigg's brigade. Under the able direction of Brigadier-General Preston the first two brigades passed Kershaw's and Anderson's brigades, which had suffered severely in the action, and with great impetuosity assailed the enemy in his almost impregnable position. Trigg on coming up was directed to the left of Kelly, and joining in the simultaneous movement of Brig. General B. R. Johnson's division, still farther to the left, pierced and turned the enemy's line, and, in conjunction with Kelly, Gracie, and Robertson, drove him from his strong position into the ravines beyond, where a large number of prisoners were captured. For the details of this brilliant action I refer you to the graphic report of Brigadier-General Preston.

While this action was progressing the lieutenant-general commanding directed Stewart's division to advance and to aid the combined attack. I ordered, by his authority, Williams' battalion of reserve artillery to be placed in position in front of Poe's house. This was done under the immediate direction of Major Porter, my chief of artillery.

About this time the enemy were moving re-enforcements to sustain his right, which was staggering under the terrific assault of Preston. Williams, with eleven pieces of artillery, opened upon this re-enforcing column with destructive effect, dispersing it in every direction

