
attached to Brigadier-General Preston's division, and by his order one battery was attached to each of his brigades. As most of the ground over which the battle was fought was very thickly wooded, we could not see more than 300 yards to the front, and consequently could very seldom use artillery. For this reason the batteries of Major-General Stewart's division fired but a few shots, though of were left in exposed positions, and lost between 20 and 30 horses.

Two of the batteries of Leyden's battalion were engaged Saturday and Sunday, but, owing to the thickness of the timber and undergrowth, continued but a short time. They were unable to ascertain the damage they inflicted. They suffered but a slight loss themselves. One of his batteries (Jefferss') was kept on the extreme left of the original line till the battle ceased.

William's battalion was kept as a reserve, and on Saturday morning was placed in position on the ridge which Preston's division occupied. When Stewart's division was carried to the right of the line, Brigadier-General Mackall, General Bragg's chief of staff, ordered that all the artillery that could be spared from the corps should be placed in the position just vacated by General Stewart. In obedience to this order, Major Williams was directed to post two of his batteries there and remain to repel any assault that the enemy's infantry might make. He remained there several hours, part of the time under a heavy artillery fire, which he could not return, as our fuses are so uncertain that he would have run the risk of killing our own men by firing over their heads. He remained there till about sundown, when he was moved back to his former position, where he remained till the left made its move to the front and right on Sunday. He was then ordered to leave Baxter's battery to assist Jefferss in holding the bluff on the extreme left of the line, and move with his other three batteries in rear of Preston's division. After getting to the Chattanooga road he was placed in several positions to check the expected moves of the enemy but did not get into action till about 5 p.m. This was when Preston's division was in the hottest of the fight, and the enemy were crossing the Chattanooga road in large numbers to re-enforce that part of their army holding the hill to the left. Major Williams was then ordered to take position about 1,000 yards from where they were crossing and open fire with his three batteries. This he did with great execution, silencing the enemy's artillery, cutting off the re-enforcements, and enabling the infantry to capture between 500 and 600 prisoners.

All the officers and men acted, whenever they had an opportunity of doing so, with courage and coolness.

Inclosed are reports of the battalion commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS K. PORTER,

Major, and Chief of Artillery.

Major WILLIAM F. MASTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 369.

Report of Major General Alexander P. Stewart, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 15, 1863.

SIR: This division, constituting at the time a part of Buckner's corps, with the exception of Johnson's brigade, detached, marched

