
tributed its full share. I claim that we rescued the battery of Wright's brigade and the flag of one of his regiments; that twelve pieces of artillery were wrested from the enemy, from 200 to 300 prisoners were captured, several hundred stand of small-arms secured and sent to the rear, and the enemy's line pierced near its center and driven back beyond the Chattanooga road. Among the prisoners was Lieutenant-Colonel von Schrader, assistant inspector-general on the staff of the Federal General Thomas. Of the artillery actually captured, I am unable to ascertain how many pieces were ultimately secured. After night Major Eldridge, chief of artillery, sent four pieces and one caisson beyond the Chickamauga.

The men being exhausted, and night approaching, after distributing ammunition, Brown's brigade was formed in front facing the Chattanooga road, Clayton on the right and facing in that direction (as there were no troops of ours within half a mile of us toward the right), Bate's brigade on the left and in rear of Brown's. During the night a number of stragglers from the ranks of the enemy were picked up and sent to the rear by my skirmishers or pickets.

I should have stated that owing tot he difficulties of the ground, its advantages being altogether with the enemy, it was found impracticable to use artillery. During the night the enemy were heard constructing defense and moving artillery toward his left.

After leaving, General Bragg, as mentioned, I saw no officer whose rank was superior to my own for the rest of the day. Having been separated from the corps to which the division was attached, a staff officer was sent after night (the earliest moment practicable) to report to Major-General Buckners, who directed that we should remain in position until further orders.

Early the next morning (20th), Lieutenant-General Longstreet, who had arrived during the night, came to see me and informed me that I would receive my orders on that day directly from him; that the attack was to commence on our extreme right at daylight, was to be followed on the left, and gradually, or, rather, successively, to extend to the center, and that I should move after the division on my right or the one on my left had moved, according to circumstances. Apprising him of the fact that there were no troops to the right, at least within a half mile, he directed me to move something more than a quarter of a mile in that direction. This was done, Brown's brigade forming in the front line of the crest of a slight ridge and constructing a breastwork of logs, Clayton's few hundred yards in rear on a parallel ridge, and Bate with his left resting on Brown's right, his line extending obliquely to the right and rear to prevent the enemy from turning our position, it having been ascertained that the Right Wing was a very considerable distance to our rear. My division was the right of the Left Wing, commanded by Lieutenant-General Longstreet, and McNair's brigade was on the left of Brown's. Subsequently Wood's brigade, of Cleburne's division, was formed on the right and in prolongation of Brown's,and about 9 a.m. Deshler's was formed on the right of Bate's.

In the meantime, a heavy fire was opened upon us from the enemy's batteries in our immediate front and but a few hundred yards distant, by which some losses were occasioned.

At length, about 11 a.m., Major Lee, and General Bragg's staff, came to me with an order to advance at once and attack the enemy. I informed him what orders had previously been received, and that no attack had been made on my right. He replied that General

