
Bragg had directed him to pass along the lines and give the order to every division commander to move upon the enemy immediately. Accordingly, I arranged with General Wood that he should advance with Brown,which was done without delay; Clayton was moved up immediately to Brown's position, and Bate's right thrown forward to bring him on line with Clayton, when they also advanced to be within supporting distance of Brown and Wood. For several hundred yards both lines pressed on under the most terrible fire it has ever been my fortune to witness. The enemy retired, and our men, though mowed down at every step, rushed on a double-quick until at length the brigade on the right of Brown broke in confusion, exposing him to an enfilade fire. He continued on, however, some 50 to 75 yards farther, when his two right regiments gave way in disorder and retired to their original position. His center and left, however, followed by the gallant Clayton and indomitable Bate, pressed on, passing the corn-field in front of the burnt house and to a distance of 200 to 300 yards beyond the Chattanooga road, driving the enemy within his line of intrenchments and passing a battery of four guns, which were afterward taken possession of by a regiment from another division. Here new batteries being opened by the enemy on our front and flank, heavily supported by infantry, it became necessary to retire, the command reforming on the ground occupied before the advance.

During this charge, which was truly heroic, our loss was severe. Several valuable officers were killed and wounded. Generals Brown and Clayton were each struck by spent grape, temporarily disabling the former, and General Bate and several of his staff had their horses killed-the second lost by General Bate that morning.

After remaining long enough to reform the lines, to replenish ammunition, and rest the men, the command again advanced to the corn-field mentioned above, then moved by the right flank until it formed across a ridge which extended obliquely to the front and right. The enemy were still in position behind a breastwork of logs a few hundred yards in front of us, and General Buckner coming up, I understood it to be his wish that I should not then attempt to go forward but to await orders.

In the meantime a severe struggle was going on to the right and left of the field, in one corner of which near the Chattanooga road, stood Kelly's house.

About 5 p.m. an order reached me by an officer of General Longstreet's staff to move forward upon the enemy. Brown's brigade, now commanded by Colonel Cook, of the Thirty-second Tennessee, was directed to support the artillery placed in position on a hill in the corn-field to our left, and Clayton's and Bate's brigades, in the order named, advanced with a cheer and at a double-quick upon the enemy's defenses. The enemy gave way, utterly routed. Our men dashed over their breastworks, pursuing to the edge of the open ground or field around the Kelly house, where we halted, capturing 300 or 400 prisoners, among whom was Major Beattie [?], of the regular army. A prisoner brought up before this charge was made stated that the position was held by the division of the Federal General Reynolds. The Eufaula Battery was brought up and fired the last shots at the retreating foe, who, being taken in flank by our attack, fled from their position in front of the divisions on our right.

During the night and next morning several thousand stand of

