
[Inclosure No. 3.]

List of enlisted men who distinguished themselves at the battle of the Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, 1863.

HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S DIVISION, September 29, 1863.

JOHNSON'S BRIGADE.

Twenty-fifth Tennessee.-S. A. Holland, Company C, was recklessly brave, being always in front of the general line, setting an example which was very encouraging to the others. He fought through every fight, and was badly wounded in the last fight on Missionary Ridge. G. W. Buttram, Company D, carried the colors and acted very nobly, advancing in the face of the most deadly fire to any position indicated, and standing firmly until the regiment advanced to him. He showed himself worthy of the post he had been called to fill for the time, and will be appointed to the position. Charles E. Cobb, Company A, and Ira Dennis, Company H, vied with Holland and Buttram in endeavors to keep in the lead of all others. They were always in front, not leading their position even for ammunition. They were among the few who advanced tot he second fence, within 20 yards of the battery captured on Saturday. Corpl. W. R. Morris, Company A; Sergt. W. Hunter, Company D; Private Joseph M. Cope, Company H, were second only to the above named in their gallant bearing and praiseworthy conduct throughout the whole engagement. They were among the number who took the battery, and they deserve great praise for their determined coolness and bravery.

Twenty-third Tennessee.-Sergt. J. J. Shelton, Company D, distinguished himself for great coolness, and was always in advance upon a charge. When a call was made on Sunday for volunteer skirmishers he was the first to report, and led the way over the crest of the hill where the enemy had fled, and captured several prisoners alone. Private Z. P. Lee, Company C, after being badly wounded in the knee (which has since caused amputation), remained upon the field and fired his piece until borne off. Private A. R. Todd, Company H, was severely wounded on Saturday in the thigh, but refused to be carried off the field and remained through the fight on Sunday until again wounded, when he was borne from the field. Private J. D. Jeffries, Company F, was color bearer, and was always in advance of the lines with the colors. On Sunday, after the enemy had been put to flight, he rushed forward and planted the colors upon the extreme crest of the hill beyond where we had engaged them.

The Forty-fourth and Seventeenth Tennessee Regiments report that their men all behaved so well they can make no distinction.

BROWN'S BRIGADE.

Eighteenth Tennessee.-Sergt. J. A. Looney and Private J. L. Dismukes, Company B; Private H. C. Murphy, Company E, and Corpl. James A. Soper. On Sunday morning, September 20, when the brigade was order forward and forced to fall back by a most galling fire from the enemy's artillery, Corpl. James A. Soper and Private John L. Dismukes continued to advance some 100 yards to

