
ordered forward with Brown's brigade, and upon the right of the same, to relieve Clayton's brigade, then under fire of the enemy. The conduct of both officers and men as the regiment moved forward in the charge was truly gratifying. Regardless of the thick woods, the crest of the hill to be gained, and the galling fire of both musketry and artillery from the enemy, the line, without faltering, moved in perfect order, passing some pieces of the enemy's cannon and reaching the crest of the hill, at which point we received a most destructive enfilanding fire of artillery, thinning our ranks at a fearful rate. Just about this juncture, the regiment retired, many of the members, however, remaining on the crest of the hill until the brigade that relieved us moved up.

This hurriedly written report, gotten up at short notice, fails to mention the gallant conduct of many meritorious officers and men, but the writer respectfully requests a suspension of publication until the colonel commanding recovers from a severe wound received at the same time and place, from whom a more complete detailed report of the operations of the regiment may be received.

All the field officers having been wounded, the regiment was placed in command of Captain Gid. H. Lowe, who will furnish a report of the operations of the same on Sunday.

A list* of casualties of the two days' fighting is hereunto attached.

Respectfully submitted.

W. R. BUTLER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Eighteenth Tennessee Volunteers.

[Captain] H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 372.

Report of Major Richard M. Saffell, Twenty-sixth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Missionary Ridge, October 6, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters of Brigadier General John C. Brown, requiring me to report the action the Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment took in the late battle of Chickamauga, on September 19 and 20, I respectfully submit the following:

On Saturday, September 19, and Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment, forming the left regiment of Brown's brigade, and numbering 229 total and 255 aggregate, under the command of Colonel John M. Lillard, received orders about 2 p.m. to advance from a position a short distance in rear of our line of battle to the front. Accordingly, the regiment was moved forward, and had advanced but a short distance before we encountered a heavy line of the enemy's skirmishers. The regiment was then halted and Companies A and E, commanded by Captain J. A. Cash, deployed as skirmishers, before which the enemy's skirmishers rapidly fell back to their main line. The regiment was now moved forward in double-quick time and soon came upon the enemy's main line, which had taken position upon the crest of a low ridge running parallel with our line of battle. The enemy's whole line now opened fire upon us at the distance of about 150 yards.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

