
regiment were 24 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, wounded, and missing, and 1 officer severely wounded.

We remained behind the breastwork until about 4 p.m., when I again received orders to move my regiment forward, and the line moved forward in quick time as far as the Chattanooga road. From here we were marched by the right flank, by order of Colonel Cook, commanding Brown's brigade, parallel with the road in the direction of Chattanooga, about a quarter of a mile. Here we were deployed in line of battle perpendicular to the road. We were now moved forward through an open field until fired upon by a battery which the enemy had planted on the opposite side of the field near the road. I then received orders from Colonel Cook for my men to lie down. The enemy continued to fire upon us rapidly with grape and canister shot, which, fortunately, did us but little damage. After remaining in this position about ten minutes, Colonel Cook ordered the line to take shelter in the woods about 200 yards on our right, which order was promptly obeyed. We remained here until near sundown, when we were ordered to the support of a battery just to our left, immediately upon the Chattanooga road. The enemy fired rapidly upon us with artillery as we moved across the field to the position assigned us. We remained here until near dark, when we were moved by the right flank about half a mile to the right of the Chattanooga road, ordered to stack arms, and rest for the night.

On Monday my regiment remained near where we rested on Sunday night.

In addition to the above, I have to report that Lieutenant A. C. Hickey, formerly connected with this regiment,and Lieutenant Charles F. Henley, of Company F, on detached service, came in on Sunday and volunteered their services, and were of great assistance in Sunday's battle.

The officers and men of the whole regiment, with a few exceptions, behaved themselves during the whole engagement in a manner creditable to themselves and the command.

R. M. SAFFELL,

Major, Comdg. Twenty-sixth Tennessee Regiment.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Recapitulation of Casualties during the two days' engagement.

Casualties.	 Officers	 Non-	 Private	 Total

 	 commissi	 s

 	 oned

 	 officers

Killed	 1	 2	 5	 8

Mortally wounded	 1 	 1	 3	 5

Severely wounded	 3	 8	 20	 31

Slightly wounded	 3	 12	 39	 54

Total	 8	 23	 67	 98

