
Chattanooga road, pressing him to a second line of breastworks. Here we lost 4 men killed and many wounded, being exposed now to a fire almost immediately in our rear, having in our advance passed on the right of the battery on the road and several hundred yards to its rear. This was caused by that portion of the brigade to the right of my regiment falling back before it reached the battery. The regiment being thus exposed to a murderous fire, fell back in somewhat of disorder, and was partially formed in the Chattanooga road, but being still exposed to the enfilading fire, we were ordered by General Brown to fall back to the breastworks. In doing this, we found that General Clayton's brigade, which had been ordered to our support, had fallen back and were occupying our breastworks when we reached them. Here the regiment was reformed and took its position. In this engagement Major McGuire was wounded and rendered unfit for service for several days.

Shortly after reaching the breastworks, General Brown being wounded, I was called into command of the brigade, and Captain C. G. Tucker was placed in command of the regiment. Soon thereafter we were again moved forward, and were placed near the enemy and were exposed to a very severe fire of artillery. We remained in this position until about 5 o'clock, when we were moved, by order of General Stewart, to the left to the support of several of our batteries, which we did till night came on, when we again bivouacked on the battle-field.

On this day we lost 4 killed and 78 wounded. In the engagement of both days the regiment was under very severe and destructive fire. Officers and privates did their full duty with the exceptions hereinafter named.

Lieutenant Colonel W. P. O'Neal being absent sick, Major John P. McGuire, Captain C. G. Tucker (acting as field officer), Drs. T. J. Reid and T. H. Moss, Adjt. R. A. Irvin, and Sergt. Major D. S. Bodenhamer were the field and staff officers present (Dr. J. F. Grant doing duty as a senior surgeon of brigade) who rendered me great aid, each doing his full duty, and great praise is due these gallant officers for courage and gallantry exhibited under the hottest fire.

All the company officers save B. M. Burch, captain Company B, who is charged with having deserted his company before the enemy, did their full duty and deserve the highest compliments for their gallantry.

The conduct of Captain R. F. Hall, Company G, in the engagement on Saturday was such as to entitle him to special mention for gallantry.

The following non-commissioned officers and privates deserve to be specially mentioned for their gallantry, viz: W. W. Courtney, first sergeant Company D; B. F. Loftin, private Company D; J. W. Ellis, Company A; L. B. McFerrin, corporal Company K; W. H. Mayfield, private Company B; J. R. McNutt, color bearer.

The infirmary corps, Sergt. Jones Webb commanding, were very active in the discharge of their duties under the hottest fire.

J. W. Ellis has marched with his company barefooted for six weeks, went thus into battle, and kept up with his company at all times till wounded.

Private Mayfield, Company B, was simultaneously shocked by a shell and struck by a Minie ball in the thigh. He was placed in a litter and carried some distance, when he recovered from the shock. He instantly sprang from the litter and remarked, "This will not

