
Having accomplished our object by driving back his flank movement, let us now turn on his main force and crush it in its fancied security.

Your generals will lead you; you have but to respond to assure us a glorious triumph over an insolent foe. I know what your response will be.

Trusting in God and the justice of our cause, and nerved by the love of the dear ones at home, failure is impossible and victory must be ours.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Field of Chickamauga, September 22, 1863.

It has pleased Almighty God to reward the valor and endurance of our troops by giving to our arms a complete victory over the enemy's superior numbers. Homage is due and is rendered unto Him who giveth not the battle to the strong.

Soldiers, after two days of severe battle, preceded by heavy and important outpost affairs, you have stormed the barricades and breastworks of the enemy, and driven before you in confusion and disorder an army largely superior in numbers, and whose constant theme was your demoralization and whose constant boast was your defeat. Your patient endurance under privations, your fortitude and your valor, displayed at all times and under all trials, have been meetly rewarded. Your commander acknowledges his obligations, and promises to you in advance the country's gratitude. But your task is not ended. We must drop a soldier's tear upon the graves of the noble men who have fallen by our sides and move forward. Much has been accomplished. More remains to be done before we can enjoy the blessings of peace and freedom.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 228. Dalton, Ga., December 22, 1863.

The following resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of Georgia, tendering the sincere and grateful thanks of the people of that State to the officers and soldiers of the Army of Tennessee for the courage and brave endurance displayed by them, are published for the information of the army:

The General Assembly of Georgia do resolve. That, acting for and in behalf of the people of the State, we hereby tender our sincere and grateful thanks to General Braxton Bragg and the officers and soldiers of his entire command, including each and every one of their gallant countrymen by whom they have been from time to time re-enforced, for the highly meritorious services they have rendered to the Confederacy, and especially in guarding the approaches to Georgia, and for the brilliant victory which they achieved over the Federal Army at Chickamauga.

Of this great army it may well be said that their patience has only been equaled by their courage. It is difficult to say which should be most admired in the history of its campaign, that Fabian strategy, sustained by patient brave endurance, which avoided general engagements until all things were ready, or the chivalric valor which carried the tide of battle against the stubborn invaders of our soil.

