
do for me," and ran back to his company, found a gun, and fought through the fight.

The conduct of Sergeant Courtney through the entire fight was such, in my opinion, as to entitle to promotion for gallantry and noble bearing on the field. Ever in the van, he was constantly an example for the emulation of his comrades.

Private J. W. Freeman, Company F, deserved his company on Sunday morning, and is now a deserter, against whom charges will be preferred.

The following is a recapitulation of loss: Killed, 9; wounded, 156. Total, 165.

Respectfully submitted.

ED. C. COOK,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-second Tennessee Regiment.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General Brown's Brigade.

No. 374.

Report of Colonel Anderson Searcy, Forty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-FIFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, September 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report the following as the action of my regiment in the engagements of September 19 and 20:

My regiment formed the center of the right wing of Brown's brigade, composed of five regiments.

On Saturday, the 19th, when the order to advance upon the enemy was given, my regiment moved forward in good order; very soon met the enemy, and were evidently driving him back steadily under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, when suddenly a perfect shower of grape and canister enfiladed our line from the enemy on our right, the regiment on my right (the Eighteenth Tennessee) having given way, which allowed him to almost gain our rear. My regiment at this time captured a battery which the enemy had been compelled to abandon, but owing to the concentrated fire from the right and front, we were unable to hold our position; but after retiring a short distance, with the assistance of some of my officers I succeeded in rallying the men and was again ready for the fight. The enemy failed to follow us or to attempt to retake the battery. Just at this time Brigadier-General Bate came up with his brigade and relieved us, and immediately occupied the ground that we had driven the enemy from. This closed our operations on Saturday, the 19th.

On Sunday, when the order to advance was given, the regiment moved forward in good order but rather too fast; it seemed to be impossible to restrain the men. When we had advanced something near 400 yards, to within about 50 yards of the enemy's lines, under a very heavy fire, I was surprised to find again an enemy on the right and rear of our lines. The grape and canister coming from that direction was not at all agreeable. The regiment on my right (Eighteenth Tennessee) began to fall back, as on the preceding day, being again more exposed. The right wing of my regiment began immediately to fall back in some little disorder, but was soon rallied, when the whole line retired.

