
During this action my regiment passed a battery of the enemy, but on retiring failed to bring it off the field, although no enemy, as on the preceding day, attempted to retake the guns.

Our loss in killed was not so heavy on the 20th as the 19th, but the loss in wounded was much heavier. Accompanying this you will find a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing in the two engagements.

I am, captain, with respect, your most obedient servant,

A. SEARCY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Brown's Brigade.

No. 375.

Report of Captain W. P. Simpson, Twenty-third Tennessee Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS NEWMAN'S BATTALION, October 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Newman's battalion, commanded by Colonel Tazewell W. Newman, went into the late actions of September 19 and 20 numbering 155 officers and men, of which there were 13 commissioned officers, 132 non-commissioned and privates, and 10 belonging to the infirmary corps.

The brigade formed line of battle on the north bank of the Chickamauga early in the morning of the 19th in reserve to General Clayton's brigade. The day was spent in maneuvers until 1 p.m., when our line was ordered to the support of General Clayton,who was hotly engaged with the enemy. While halted in his rear, the battalion lost 2 men killed and 6 wounded by the fire directed upon his line. Colonel Newman, being wounded at this time, turned over to me the command of the battalion,which I retained throughout the whole engagement. Being ordered to advance upon the enemy, we did so with spirit and alacrity, driving him before us for a distance of 600 yards, and losing 1 man killed and 18 wounded. Being obliged to fall back in order to obtain a supply of ammunition and having procured it, we reformed on our original position and advanced to the extremity of the battle-ground, which we held during the night.

On the morning of the 20th, we advanced upon the enemy through a storm of grape, canister, and shell, driving him beyond the Chattanooga road, at which point I reformed my command and fell back to our first position in the morning. We were afterward ordered to the support of a battalion of artillery,where we remained until night, exposed to a severe fire of shot and shell.

My loss on the 20th was 1 killed and 23 wounded.

The battalion which had never before been in action, behaved with the greatest courage and intrepidity, fighting side by side with veteran regiments on the right and left, and having their colors twice shot from the hands of the color bearer, Wallace.

W. P. SIMPSON,Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain H. J. CHENEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Brown's Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

