
No. 376.

Reports of Lieutenant R. W. Anderson, Dawson's (Georgia) Battery.
HEADQUARTERS DAWSON'S BATTERY, October 7, 1853.

MAJOR:I have the honor to make the following report of the action that my battery took in the recent engagement:

On the morning of the 18th, I was ordered to report to my brigade commander (Brig. General J. C. Brown) and to maneuver with the brigade. The brigade being in reserve, we took no part in the fight until the following day, when the brigade moved to the front and soon entered a charge, I, according to orders, following close in its rear, but owing to the density of the forest, I found it impossible to keep up with the brigade,and by order of General Stewart, I moved to the right of the brigade and took position, where I remained until near night, when I received orders to move up and take position with the brigade in the front line. I there remained until morning, when the brigade moved a little to the right, and I took a position (by order) on a hill immediately in front of the brigade with orders to remain until the enemy's position was carried, as there was no position for artillery between the enemy and the position that I occupied. I here remained all the morning under a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry, not returning the fire, being so ordered by General Brown, who thought best not to bring on an artillery duel at that point.

About noon the brigade made a charge upon the enemy's batteries and support in front, which they found so fortified and the fire so intense they were necessarily compelled to retire.

During this charge I was exposed to a most destructive fire, and had 1 lieutenant killed, 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 3 men wounded, and 15 horses killed, from which cause I retired a short distance to the rear (pulling two pieces off the field by hand), for the purpose of refitting my battery for service, which I soon did, and reported to Colonel Cook, who was then in command of the brigade. Colonel Cook gave me orders to remain where I was; if not receiving orders before 5 o'clock, to retire to the creek and there water and feed, as the horses had had nothing to eat or drink for two days. The enemy retreated that night, and I was not again called into action.

I carried into the fight 3 officers, 5 sergeants, 7 corporals, 1 musician, and 53 privates.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Major J. W. ELDRIDGE,

Chief of Artillery, Stewart's Division.

HEADQUARTERS DAWSON'S BATTERY, October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

On Saturday, September 19, I saw General Brown's brigade charge and capture three brass guns (6-pounders, I think), but as to whether

