
For further particulars allow me to respectfully refer, to the reports of the commanders of battalions and battery, which are herewith transmitted.

I cannot close this report without noticing the distinguished services rendered, unworthy as the tribute may be, by my field officers-Colonels Tyler, Smith, Rudler, and Jones; Lieutenant-Colonels Smith, Inzer, and Frayser, and Majors Caswell, Wall, Kendrick, Shy, and Thornton-to each of whom is due the highest meed of praise. It would be invidious to make distinctions where each had played his part so well.

Colonel Rudler and Smith and Major Caswell were painfully, the last two seriously, wounded at the head of their respective commands early in the engagement of Saturday, and compelled to retire from the field, thus devolving the command of the Twentieth Tennessee on Major Shy, the Thirty-seventh Georgia on Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, and battalion of sharpshooters on Lieutenant Towers, each of whom did his duty gallantly and nobly throughout the conflict.

Colonel Tyler, Lieutenant-Colonels Inzer and Frayser, Majors Wall, Kendrick, and Thornton were wounded, from which they suffered considerably (the last-named officer prostrated by the explosion of a shell), still remained at the post of duty, bearing themselves with distinguished gallantry.

To each of my staff-Major Winchester (who, notwithstanding his leg was badly hurt from the fall of his horse when shot Friday evening, continued in the field until the close of the fight), Lieutenants Blanchard and Bate-I am indebted for his hearty co-operation and prompt execution of my orders, notwithstanding each was unhorsed by shots from the enemy. Also to James E. Rice, brigade ordnance officer, and I indebted for the prompt discharge of his duties. But to none are my thanks more signally due or more cordially awarded than to my gallant young adjutant, Captain W. C. Yancey, who, while cheering and encouraging my right wing in its desperate charge on Sunday, received a fearful wound, shattering his foot and compelling him to retire from the field.

I take pleasure, also, in adding my testimony, humble as it may be, to the hearty co-operation of the two gallant brigades of Stewart's division (General Clayton's and Brown's) in every charge in which it was the fortunate of my command to engage.

Major-General Stewart will accept my thanks, as a soldier's tribute, for his polite and genial bearing and personal assistance in the thickest of the fight, the time when I felt I much needed it.

While I recount the services of the living I cannot pass unremembered the heroic dead-the cypress must be interwoven with the laurel. The bloody field attested the sacrifice of many a noble spirit in the fierce struggle, the private soldier vying with the officer in deeds of high daring and distinguished courage. While the "River of Death" shall float its sluggish current to the beautiful Tennessee, and the night wind chant its solemn dirges over their soldier graves, their names, enshrined in the hearts of their countrymen, will be held in grateful remembrance as the champions and defenders of their country who had sealed their devotion with their blood on one of the most glorious battle-fields of our revolution.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. BATE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

