
Resolved further, That the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to General Bragg, in order that they may be communicated to the army.

THOS. HARDEMAN, JR.,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

L. CARRINGTON,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

A. R. WRIGHT,

President of the Senate.

L. H. KEENAN,

Secretary of the Senate.

Approved November 11, 1863.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 20, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In the month of May, 1863, I forwarded to the Adjutant-General a full report of all my operations with the Army of Tennessee during its movements from Tupelo, Miss., in July, 1862, until its return from Kentucky in November of that year. In January last I also forwarded a full report of the operations of the same army, resulting in the battle of Chickamauga. Both these reports have been twice called for by Congress for publication, but have never been furnished. I find on inquiry that both were sent to the office of Secretary of War soon after receipt, and have never been returned. I have rested patiently under the criticism and assaults of parties misrepresenting the facts of these campaigns, knowing the truth, when revealed, would be my best vindication. As I cannot see any public necessity for withholding them, when all others of a much later date have been published, I beg to ask your special and early attention to them, and inquire if I may expect them to be sent to Congress; or, if not, that I may know the reasons for withholding them.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Indorsements.]

MAY 20, 1864.

Mr. KEAN:

The following is correct, is it not? Respectfully acknowledge. The report of the Kentucky campaign it was not thought by the President expedient to publish. I have not felt at liberty to send it in. The copying of that of Chickamauga was not finished in time for the last Congress, and will now be forwarded. I was not aware it had not been furnished with others.

J. A. S[EDDON,]

Secretary.

