
The casualties were 3 killed and 58 wounded.

The next morning, at 9 a.m., we were again at our appointed place in line of battle and under a heavy fire of shells, which continued until 11.30 a.m. I was ordered to have logs piled as breastworks in our front, which I did; but this afforded no protection against shells. At 11.30 a.m. the brigade was again ordered forward. In obedience to the order I moved forward, the men and officers obeying the command with promptness and enthusiasm. The regiment advanced, cheering, on a run, amid a shower of grape from twelve pieces of artillery 400 yards distant, and a terrific storm of Minie balls that made dreadful havoc in the ranks, the fire increasing as we approached the enemy. Advancing the first 200 yards up a hill the men were partially protected, but after passing the crest we descended a gentle slope about the same distance, over which the combined fire of grape and Minie balls was terrific, but not a man faltered in his duty or shrank from the danger.

On arriving at the edge of the woods, we were within 100 yards of the enemy's batteries and long lines of infantry support, still thinning our ranks with increasing fury. An open field alone separated us. If the brigade had been on a line with me and in good order the batteries, I believe, cold have been captured by a charge, but when I arrived at the edge of the woods with every man of my command who had not been made by the whole line, would have been the extreme of rashness, and would probably have caused the sacrifice of every man in the regiment in a vain attempt. I therefore ordered a halt just at the edge of the woods. Under cover of trees, logs, and such irregularities of the ground as furnished any protection, my command held this advanced position, pouring repeated volleys of musketry into the ranks of the enemy, until 12.30. I noted the time by my watch. I looked anxiously, but in vain, for re-enforcements and assistance; but thinking I had held the position as long as practicable, after conference with Lieutenant-Colonel Inzer, I resolved to retire as soon as a slackening of the enemy's fire would permit, being unsustained except on the left. Not a man fell back until I ordered it and fell back in person; but some not hearing the order, and being in the bushes, including Lieutenant-Colonel Inzer, Major Thornton, Captain Avirett, and Lieutenant Goodwyn, [did not fall back] until they received orders from me, sent through Captain Avirett.

I would state that during this whole time (one hour of the most intense and incessant fire) I received no order either to hold my position, to advance, or retire. In falling back I acted on my own judgment, and retired only after half of my men were killed and wounded. On reforming the regiment every man was at his post. This dreadful charge was the last engagement we had with the enemy.

The regiment numbered before the first day's fight 30 officers and 258 men with muskets. During the two days' fighting the total casualties were 25 killed and 124 wounded. A complete list of the casualties has already been forwarded.

The bearing of the regiment in the second day's fight was even more gallant and the losses were heavier than on the first.

Lieutenant W. H. Rader, Company F, was the only officer killed. He fell gallantly leading his men in the charge.

