
Lieutenant-Colonel Inzer and Major Thornton, as on the first day, were eminently and conspicuously brave.

Captain Harrell and Lieutenant Johnson were severely wounded before the charge.

Captains Crenshaw and Holland, Lieutenants Clow, Ward, Perry, Rourk, and Anderson, and Lieutenant Mills were severely wounded, after charging gallantly with their companies.

Captain Avirett was wounded on the shoulder by a fragment of a shell before the charge, but he remained with his company, and behaved with great coolness and gallantry.

Captain Lee, Company C; Lieutenant J. F. McClellen, Company F, and Lieutenant Goodwyn (after Mills was wounded), and Lieutenant Vandegrift, Lieutenant Hinton, Company A, commanded their respective companies with skill and bravery, leading them at all times and in the hottest fire.

Late in the evening the remnant of the regiment united in making a last charge, when the enemy broke in wild confusion, and assisted in hemming and capturing a large number of prisoners.

If the conduct of the regiment on Saturday was gallant, on Sunday it was heroic. Though the regiment was never in a regular battle before, its bearing was that of veterans. The heavy loss in killed and wounded mournfully attests its gallantry and heroism and its readiness to face danger in obedience to orders. In commending the regiment to my superiors in command I would ascribe all honor to the young and gallant officers of my command, and to the individual courage of the men in the ranks.

Regretting that the losses are so heavy, I am happy to be able to state that most of the wounds are slight, and that in a few weeks most of the wounded will be fit for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BUSH. JONES,

[Colonel Fifty-eighth Alabama Infantry.]

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 379.

Report of Colonel A. F. Rudler, Thirty-seventh Georgia Infantry.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 28, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the part which my regiment took in the battle of Chickamauga on the 18th,19th and 20th instant:

On the afternoon of the 18th, my command was hastily formed in a skirt of the woods fronting the brigade across the creek near Mr.- house, where the enemy's battery was stationed throwing shell and shot, during which time I lost 2 men wounded.

On the morning of the 19th, my regiment, with the brigade, was held in reserve in line of battle in rear of Clayton's and Brown's brigades.

About 2 o'clock the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to advance to the front. General Brown's brigade at the time was

