
engaging the enemy. While in close supporting distance General Brown's brigade was driven back through my command. At this critical juncture the command was given to forward, which was done with spirit, engaging the enemy within 150 yards. After engaging the enemy with considerable success, the order was given to charge a battery immediately in my front. My regiment, the Twentieth Tennessee, and Caswell's sharpshooters drove them from their guns. As soon as the enemy sheltered himself behind a second battery in the rear of the one from which we drove him, he opened with grape and canister, which was so destructive that the regiment became divided, a large portion moving forward to the left and the others to the right.

At this time I received a slight wound in my right foot which disabled me from participating further in the battle. For the subsequent action of the regiment in the battle, I respectfully refer to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith's report, on whom the command devolved, which I herewith forward.

I carried into the engagement 400 men and came out with 206, sustaining a loss of 194 men. Killed, 19; wounded, 168; missing, 7; a report of which has been forwarded.

The officers and men behaved with such gallantry I am unable to make any distinction among either officers or men, all being entitled to credit for having nobly done their duty as becomes good and true soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. RUDLER,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-seventh Georgia Regiment.

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Bate's Brigade.

No. 380.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph T. Smith, Thirty-seventh Georgia Infantry.

CAMP THIRTY-SEVENTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,

Missionary Ridge, near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

SIR: The command of the Thirty-seventh Georgia Regiment having devolved upon the undersigned during the battle of the evening of September 19, I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of what occurred while I thus remained in command:

The regiment on charging the enemy about 4 p.m. Saturday, September 19, became mixed up with a regiment of Law's brigade, and in the confusion incident to such a state of things about 50 men, several line officers, and myself became separated from the other portion of the regiment (we being on the right flank) and pursued the fleeing enemy in a right oblique direction some 400 or 500 yards, when, perceiving what appeared to me to be a brigade of Federals making a charge to the rear of our right flank, with the evident intention of cutting us off, I gave the order to the few men with me to fall back rapidly. This was done with a loss of 4 or 5 men captured by the enemy, our whole party barely escaping from our exposed and critical position. In a few moments we rejoined our regiment, which we found moving back from the left with Clayton's brigade. A short time

