
afterward, the battle not being renewed, we encamped upon the battle-field for the night.

At an early hour on Sunday morning (September 20), the regiment, under my command, moved from their camp by the right flank to the position assigned them. Here, under, we erected slight breastworks our of the fallen timber, stones, &amp;c. Our line of battle at this point was not exceeding 400 yards from the batteries and formidable breastworks of the enemy erected the night previous and concealed from our view by the undergrowth. We had been at this position but a short while before the enemy opened upon us with shell, canister, and grape. We remained steadily under this fire until between 1 and 2 p.m., losing a number of men wounded.

At about the above-stated time we received an order from General Bate to charge the enemy's batteries, which had been annoying us so much. The regiment moved forward at once in gallant style with a cheer and at a double quick. The enemy at once perceiving our movement opened upon us from all his guns, firing very rapidly canister and grape, and in a few seconds afterward his whole line of infantry from their breastworks poured upon us the most terrific volleys. The regiment moved steadily forward and pushed up to within 50 yards of the enemy's artillery and breastworks. Here the smoke from the enemy's guns was so dense that I could only see my command at intervals. I was not able to perceive that I was supported upon my left flank by any troops whatever. I now think it probable that the regiment on our left moved so far to the left that I was unable to see them, or it is possible that we moved farther to the right than it was intended we should. One thing is sure, neither the officers of my regiment nor myself saw any support to our left while we were so near the enemy's lines.

On our right, the little Spartan band of the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment went forward with us and gallantly stood by us. Being subjected to a very heavy fire upon our right flank from an angle of the enemy's breastworks and to a raking fire from front, and also from a left-oblique direction, the regiment was in a manner compelled to retire, being easily rallied at the breastworks by General Bate in person. Coming up a moment afterward, I reformed the regiment, which was by no means in a demoralized condition.

Our loss in this charge was very heavy, 5 or 6 of our gallant fellows being afterward found dead within less than 40 paces of the enemy's guns.

At about 5.30 p.m., same evening, we were again called upon to charge the enemy. The order was responded to with the utmost enthusiasm, and moving forward rapidly the enemy were driven from their position in disorder and confusion, we capturing many prisoners, arms, &c. Night intervening closed the contest.

The officers and men of the regiment acted throughout the engagement with conspicuous coolness and gallantry.

I was particularly indebted to Major M. Kendrick, who was in charge of the left wing of the regiment, for the skill displayed by him in discharging his duties, &c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH T. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-seventh Georgia Regiment.

Colonel A. F. RUDLER,

Commanding Thirty-seventh Georgia Regiment.

