
No. 381.

Report of Lieutenant Joel Towers, Fourth Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. FOURTH GA. S. S., GENERAL BATE'S BRIGADE,Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 4, 1863.

SIR: Major Caswell, the commander of the battalion, having been wounded and sent to the rear,it devolves on me, as senior officer in command, to make a report of the part this battalion acted in the recent engagement of Chickamauga on the 18th, 19th, and 20th ultimo:

On Friday morning (the 18th),we left camp and marched in a direction to touch on Chickamauga Cree, near Lee's Mills, which point we reached near 3 p.m., where we found the enemy in some force. The battalion was then thrown forward and deployed, and after a slight skirmish by the battalion, assisted by the Eufaula Light Artillery, the enemy were driven across the stream, and we were left in possession of the field, on which we slept that night.

On Saturday morning (the 19th), we rejoined the brigade,and were formed on its right in line of battle, and were led by our gallant brigadier in the direction of the ever-memorable field of Chickamauga. About 3 p.m., amid the most furious cannonading with shell, grape, and canister perhaps ever witnessed on this continent, together with a perfect shower of balls from small-arms, we were led by General bate into action, when we charged the enemy and drove them back several hundred yards, when the enemy made another stand, and our men, being exhausted, fell back a short distance and reformed with the brigade.

In this charge, Major Caswell and Captain Turner, of Company C, were both severely wounded and carried to the rear, together with 33 non-commissioned officers and privates, only 1 having been killed on the field; 1, however, has since died. The enemy having been driven back at every point, and darkness putting an end to the contest the battalion slept on the field with the brigade amid the Yankee dead and dying.

About 8 o'clock on Sunday morning (the 20th), the battalion was thrown out as skirmishers to protect the right of the brigade while it was placed in position. During the time the battalion was thus deployed it was exposed to a most terrific shelling by the enemy.

The position, however, was held till 3 p.m., when we were ordered to assemble on the right of the brigade, and were lay till about 5 p.m., when we were again led toward the enemy's works, when we took possession of their strongly fortified positions, the enemy precipitately retreating, utterly routed. The scene closed by taking a number of prisoners, many of whom were captured by isolated members of the battalion.

During the entire engagement the battalion displayed that cool and determined bravery and courage for which it has heretofore been distinguished.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOEL TOWERS,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Fourth Battalion Ga. Sharpshooters.

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

