
men, and 7 or 8 killed, among whom is numbered First Lieutenant and Adjt. John B. Kent, who, with hat in hand, was among the foremost cheering on the men, and deeply do we mourn his loss. Ever faithful and efficient in the discharge of his every duty, he finally sealed his devotion to his country's cause with his blood, and long will he be remembered in the Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh by his companions in arms as a brave soldier and true patriot.

We only advanced about 200 yards farther, when, not knowing where the brigade might be, and being in danger of a flank move from the enemy, we deemed it practicable to retrace our steps, which we did in good order, taking our captured pieces with us off the field.

We rejoined the brigade some 300 yards east of the Chattanooga road, and remained in position at this point until the morning of Sunday, the 20th, when, by a flank movement, we were removed farther to the right, and brought into position on the brow of a hill confronting the enemy-I should judge 400 [yards] to his front and on a line parallel with him. At this point we hastily constructed breastworks of such material as was at hand. We were not permitted to remain in this position long before the enemy opened upon us with shell, solid shot, and canister. we lay in this position behind our breastworks until-o'clock, when an advance upon the enemy's works was ordered. Having approached to within 200 yards, the fire being so destructive, our ranks having become decimated and receiving no supports, were compelled to retire to our breastworks, where we remained until-p.m.

In this advance upon the enemy we lost valuable officers and men, among whom may be mentioned Captain Jarnagin, of Company K. No braver, more intrepid, and daring man strode the field than he. We mourn his loss. It was the death he above all others would have died-with his face to the foe and battling for his country's liberties, leading on his gallant boys in the charge.

At-p.m., supports having arrived, the remnant of our little band by a flank move changed position to the left and front of the one previously occupied, and again advanced upon the enemy, who now gave way and fled in utter confusion and dismay. We slept that night within the enemy's stronghold which he had fought so stubbornly to maintain. This being the last position of the enemy on our part of the line, we rested on our arms at ease, after three days of fighting and marching, having lost in all, killed and wounded, 120 (a report of which has heretofore been reported to your headquarters) out of 202 taken into the action on the 19th.

Where all performed their parts so nobly and so well, it seems next to impossible to individualize; yet I cannot refrain from bringing to your favorable notice the conduct of Major J. M. Wall, Captains Rice and Donaldson, of the Fifteenth; of Captain Fry and Sergt. Major John M. Farris in the action of the 19th.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. C. TYLER,

Colonel, Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Vols.

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

