
No. 383.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. Dudley Frayser, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Infantry, commanding Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP FIFTEENTH AND THIRTY-SEVENTH TENN. VOLS., October 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part in which the Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers participated on the field of Chickamauga after the command of said regiments devolved upon me:

About 1 o'clock on that day, Colonel R. C. Tyler called to me to assume command of the regiments. I replied, "All right, sir," and soon afterward ordered Captain R. M. Tankesley, Company D, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers, to act as major, Major Wall having gone to the rear the previous afternoon. The Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers at this time were on the left of the brigade, its left being some 400 yards or more from the main Chattanooga road. Immediately on my right, between my command and the Fifty-eighth Alabama, were in position two pieces of the Eufaula Light Artillery, I supposed. This battery did not fire a shot while here; was removed soon afterward to a more favorable position. In about fifteen minutes after I took command, the regiments still being shielded by rudely constructed breastworks of logs and bushes hastily thrown up, an order came to forward from the brigadier-general commanding. I repeated the command,and my boys moved with alacrity over our works. Having gained some 60 or 70 yards, I ordered double-quick with the yell, which was obeyed to a man, the men almost assuming the run, still keeping an unbroken line. Firing from the enemy's sharpshooters and batteries was constant in our front, but more injury was inflicted upon us from the left flank, there seeming to be no support on the left of Bate's brigade. On emerging from the woods in an open, shrubby field we could see our stubborn foe defiantly resisting our march across this field. Grape, canister, and musket-shot here greatly decimated my command, but swerving not it bore steadily onward. Near the center of this field I was disabled and fell from a wound received just below the knee, which for many minutes paralyzed my left leg. I observed as I fell that both colors were steadily moving forward through this dreadful ordeal of shell, shot, and fire. I lay here many minutes entirely conscious, but unable to rise. Many of my companions lay wounded and dead around me. Upon seeing some of my command returning through this same field and reporting orders having been issued to fall back, I, with their assistance, reached the position the regiment formerly held before this murderous charge. On my way I was handed the colors of the Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers by Mullins, Company A, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers, the color-bearer, brave boy, having been shot dead. Lieutenant A. O. Edwards, Company A, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers, followed after, bearing from the field the colors of the Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers. After some little time I sent forward a party to bring or to assist in bringing the wounded from the field. I feared they would burn, as the grass and bushes were on fire. It was now near 4 o'clock. Feeling unable to hold command, and upon seeing Colonel Tyler come up from the rear, I started to the hospital. Was

