
soon met by a conveyance and transported thither. When I left Colonel R. C. Tyler had taken command, as I supposed.

In this short conflict death won from us many a true and brave soldier. Would a eulogy from me mark deeper their devotion to the cause than their death, I would cheerfully lend every humble effort I possess to sound their praise to the skies.

I must confess no one fell on that field who more fully exemplified the intrepid, daring, brave soldier, noble companion, and true gentleman than Captain C. G. Jarnagin, Company K, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers. In the same charge were wounded and have since died Lieutenant J. C. Grayson, Company E, and Lieutenant Acuff, Company K, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers. In this brace of lieutenants death claims a shining mark of valor and acknowledged merit.

I could call your attention to many of my men, isolated cases, now surviving, who dared danger most and more ardently seemed to woo death, but where none flickered from the measure of their whole duty I desist, knowing that a thankful country will render bountiful homage to all.

For efficiency, gallantry, and prompt obedience on the part of my officers engaged under my command I commend to your favor Lieutenant W. H. Pipes, Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers; Captain R. M. Tankesley, Company D; Lieutenant A. O. Edwards, Company A; and Sergt. Major J. M. Farris, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Volunteers.

I am, respectfully, major,

R. DUDLEY FRAYSER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Vols.

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 384.

Report of Captain R. M. Tankesley, Thirty-seventh Tennessee Infantry, commanding Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP FIFTEENTH AND THIRTY-SEVENTH TENN. VOLS., October 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make this report of what part the Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee Regiments did while under my command on September 20. In the severe charge Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser was disabled somewhere in the field. The regiment was still advancing when I missed Colonel Frayser. I took charge, and seeing the whole brigade fall back and no support on the left, I led the remnant of the regiment to our former position. Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser soon came up and retook command. Colonel Tyler soon after came up and took command, he (Colonel Tyler) having been disabled in the morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser left when the command commenced to move by the left flank. The command then moved by the right flank and took a position in front of our breastworks of logs, &amp;c. This was, I think, about 5.30 p.m. Colonel Tyler and Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser had been urged to go to the rear, as they could do no good in their disabled condition. I was then again left in command. A charge was ordered, when my little remnant of valorous men bore forward; a sharp fire from our batteries was just ceasing; some few Minie balls greeted us. On reaching

