
the enemy's works what was our delight to see the once defiant foe surrendering. It seemed between 200 and 300 prisoners. The brigade encamped that night on the battle-field to the right of the Chattanooga road.

I was in command when Lieutenant-Colonel Frayser came up on the morning of September 21, and took command. Colonel Tyler and Major Wall soon came up, and Colonel Tyler took command of the regiment. All acted so nobly their part in every particular I refrain from distinguishing any one.

I am, most respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. M. TANKESLEY,

Captain Company D, 15th and 37th Tennessee Vols.

Major GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

[Acting] Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 385.

Report of Major W. M. Shy, Twentieth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part borne by the Twentieth Tennessee Regiment in the late battle of Chickamauga:

On Friday night, September 18, the regiment, under command of Colonel T. B. Smith, bivouacked with Bate's brigade near Alexander's Bridge, over West Chickamauga River.

At 3 p.m., September 19, under orders from Brigadier-General Bate, we moved forward and engaged the enemy. Both officers and men of the regiment fought well. In the early part of the engagement Colonel T. B. Smith was wounded, and I assumed command. We ceased fighting near sunset. We bivouacked on the field during the night.

Under orders from General Bate, we assumed our position in the line at about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 20th. At about-o'clock we engaged the enemy and fought, perhaps, three-quarters of an hour. We were not engaged any more during the battle. Both officers and men did their duty in the second day's engagement.

Respectfully,

W. M. SHY,

Major, Commanding Twentieth Tennessee Regiment.

[Major] GEORGE W. WINCHESTER,

[Acting] Assistant Adjutant-General, Bate's Brigade.

No. 386.

Report of Lieutenant W. J. McKenzie, Eufaula (Alabama) Light Artillery.

NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 5, 1863.

MAJOR:In the absence of Captain Oliver (not having been present myself), I will give briefly the records of the company during the three days' fight at Chickamauga:

On the 18th, about 3 p.m., the battery was ordered forward to engage a battery of the enemy situated near Alexander's Bridge.

