
MAY 21, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The memorandum is correct according to my recollection as respects the report of the Kentucky campaign, and is shown to be accurate as respects that of Chickamauga by the records of the office. General Bragg is in error in his statements that both these reports "were sent to the office of the Secretary of War soon after receipt, and have never been returned." The report of the Kentucky campaign was withdrawn from the copyist on June 5, 1863, and submitted by you to the President on the 6th with remarks. It has never been in the War Office since, and appears to have been returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office in March last.

The report of Chickamauga was received at this office January 13, 1864, and was immediately put in the hands of two copyists, who returned the duplicate copies March 23 (after the adjournment of Congress), and the original returned to the Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, after being compared with the copies, April 14, 1864. As General Bragg may suppose that there has been unusual delay, these particulars will show the contrary to be the case.

Respectfully,

R. G. H. KEAN,

Chief of Bureau of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, September 22, 1864.

A. R. LAMAR, Esq.,

Clerk of the House of Representatives Richmond:

Sir: Accept my acknowledgments for the copies of the official report of the battle of Chickamauga. Quite an important error occurs in my report, on page 14, line 11, which reverses the meaning of a most important sentence. It reads: "It is sufficient to say they are entirely satisfactory," and should be, "entirely unsatisfactory." * There are a few other minor errors of little importance. It permitted, I desire to send a clerk to correct this error through the edition.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

Numbers 237.

Report of Captain O. T. Gibbes, C. S. Artillery, Ordnance Officer.

Statement of captured stores taken at battle of Chickamauga, Ga., and received by Captain O. T. Gibbes, at Ringgold Ga.

12-pounder bronze howitzer, with carriage and limber, made at Alleghany Arsenal, Nol. 7, 1858 1

6-pounder bronze gun, with carriage and limber, foundry Boston, C. A &amp; Co. 1

6-pounder bronze gun, with carriage and limber, made at Greenwood's, Cincinnati, Ohio, 1861 1

12-pounder howitzer, with carriage and limber, Saint Louis, Mo., Marshall & Co., 1862 1

6-pounder bronze gun, with carriage and limber 1

---------------

*Correction made in text.

---------------

