
been wounded) on my left, and General Bate's brigade upon my right. My own and General Brown's brigade soon moved forward again to the road, and then to the right toward the enemy, who were ascertained to be there in strong position. General Bate was formed in my rear, and in this position the commands remained until about 5 p.m., when I again moved my brigade forward. Soon coming upon the enemy behind breastworks, they were gallantly charged by my whole line with great spirit, the enemy fleeing in wild disorder across a large open field, upon the edge of which I ordered a halt, and the brigade continued to fire as long edge of which I ordered a halt, and the brigade continued to fire as long as the enemy could be seen. Many taking refuge in and around a hospital (Kelly's house), I sent forward first the Thirty-eighth and afterward the Eighteenth Alabama Regiments, which together captured about 300 prisoners, beside near the same number of wounded. Thus terminated the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Chickamauga.

I have omitted to say anything about the battery, because it was under the chief of artillery for the division, except a short time, during which I had no opportunity of using it. I suppose the report in regard to it will more properly be made through the chief of artillery.

The brigade went into action on the 19th with 1,352 total effective and 94 officers. It lost in the two days 12 officers killed upon the field and 89 men; 30 have since died: 34 officers and 449 men were wounded and 15 missing, making the aggregate killed, wounded, and missing,629. This does not include many who were slightly wounded and did not leave the field.

The brigade captured two pieces of artillery,396 prisoners, beside about 250 wounded and in hospital. It collected 1,249 muskets and rifles, 640 sets of accouterments, and 20,000 cartridges. The greater portion of the guns and ammunition were carried off the field by my own ordnance wagons.

I claim for my brigade that it was the first an last in the division to encounter the enemy - the first in the army to pierce the enemy's center and cross the Chattanooga road, which was done on Saturday evening near Brotherton's house.

I conclude this report by tendering my cordial thanks to and testifying in behalf of the gallant men composing this brigade-in all whose ranks there appeared not a single coward - and to the officers, worthy of such men, leading them in every charge.

My thanks are particularly due to Captain J. M. Macon, assistant adjutant-general;Lieutenant John Vidmer, assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant W. N. Knight, aide-de-camp, who rendered me prompt and valuable services throughout the whole engagement,never once shrinking from their duty.

To the commanders of regiments I also make my acknowledgments for the efficient manner in which they directed and kept their commands together, the most difficult of all duties upon the field.

I also tender my thanks to Major-General Stewart, who was

every-where under all circumstances present with his command.

To the gallant dead, a contemplation of the long list of whom saddens our hearts, we give our tears and a hearty well done. May the God of Battles give us courage to emulate their heroic examples, and when the time shall come bravely to share their fate.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stewart's Division.

