
mediately followed the order for the regiment to fall back. It fell back in pretty good order, or at least the two left companies, and was reformed some 300 yards in rear of the position occupied by the regiment in the fight.

The regiment went into the first engagement about 2 o'clock and were engaged about one hour. Colonel Holtzclaw was thrown from his horse in this engagement and so badly hurt that the command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Inge during the evening.

The regiment lost in this engagement about 35 killed and 175 wounded. S. K. Fielder, first lieutenant Company H, was mortally wounded while gallantly cheering onward his men. Pollard and Harper, first and second lieutenants Company A, were wounded-the first mortally, the last very severely. Captain Wilkerson was slightly wounded in the hell, being struck by a fragment of shell, and left the field.

About 3.30 o'clock the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered forward again to relieve General Bate's brigade, of the same division. It moved forward in good order, passed General Bate's line, and, having broken the enemy's line, drove him about 1 mile or more, capturing a battery. After the route of the enemy, the regiment being a good deal scattered, the pursuit was somewhat in confusion. With a part of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-eighth, after driving the enemy the distance stated above, the regiment fell back to a position about 1 mile in advance of the position occupied by if before going into the fight.

In this engagement Captain Mickle was severely wounded while leading his company (I) in the charge. Captain Stone, of Company K, received on the neck a slight wound, which disabled him until Tuesday morning. Lieutenant Johnston, Company I, was wounded in right fore-arm. Lieutenant Riser, of Company K, was knocked down twice during the fight that evening and the next day.

As it was nearly night when the regiment fell back after the charge, we formed a line as above stated about 1 mile in advance of the position held by the regiment before it went into action the first time, and remained there during the night.

On Sunday morning the regiment was moved to the right (I cannot state the distance) and occupied a ridge in rear of Generals Brown's and Bate's brigades, where it was shelled for one hour or more, and about 12 o'clock was ordered forward to engage the enemy. Through the enthusiasm of Captain Justice, Company A (than whom there was not a more gallant officer in the service), the regiment commenced the charge too soon. The men were exhausted before the point was reached where the charge ought to have commenced. When the cheering commenced the enemy opened upon the regiment and brigade a fire of grape and canister almost too terrible for human nature to endure, consequently the regiment was compelled to fall back in some confusion just as the object was accomplished, the enemy having abandoned their guns as the regiment was falling back.

In this engagement the regiment lost some of its best officers. Captain Justice, Company A, and Lieutenant McAdory were killed outright. Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Inge was mortally wounded while gallantly leading the right of the regiment. Captains Stringer, Company B, and Hammond, of Company D, were mortally wounded leading their companies in the charge.

