
After falling back, the regiment was reformed and moved forward again some half a mile or more to the Chattanooga road and then by the right flank about half a mile, where it remained in line until near 5 o'clock, when it moved upon the enemy's breastworks, which were being forced by our troops on the right. The regiment charged their works and carried them, and then occupied a line beyond the breastworks, from which it fired upon the enemy in full retreat through an open field, and with the brigade captured a hospital and several hundred prisoners Sunday evening, who were driven in by our troops on the right and in the rear of the enemy.

During the night (Sunday) and Monday morning, the regiment collected 100 stand of arms, 20,000 cartridges, numbers of sets of accouterments,&amp;c. The regiment went into the fight with 527 aggregate or thereabouts, and lost in the two days' fight 4 officers killed and 16 wounded, and 37 privates killed and 240 wounded; total loss, 277; aggregate,297.

Officers and men behaved well, but I cannot refrain from mentioning Captain Ruffin and Lieutenant J. B. Darby, of Company H; Captain Mickle, Company I; Lieutenant Stewart, Company E, and Lieutenant Riser, Company K, who were especially noted for their good conduct during the battle. But it is almost unjust to make any distinction, as both officers and men, with few exceptions, seem to try to do their duty.

I beg leave to submit this report,knowing that it is imperfect,as I was not in command of the regiment until late Sunday evening, and consequently did not charge my memory with anything that occurred.

I omitted to state in the proper place that Colonel Holtzclaw commanded the regiment Sunday morning until it fell back. After reforming a part of it he was compelled, by injuries received the evening before by a fall from his horse, to leave the field. He joined the regiment Tuesday morning again.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. HUNLEY,

Major, Commanding Eighteenth Alabama Regiment.

Captain MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Clayton's Brigade.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, Near Chattanooga, October 18, [1863.]

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the battery mentioned in my report of the battle of Chickamauga was abandoned by the enemy when passed over by the regiment. In the report I used the word battery incorrectly; there were only two pieces, a section. I think the guns were howitzers. I do not know when they were taken off the field. The section was passed over by the left-center company of the regiment, and the officer (Lieutenant Holtzclaw, Company G) who noticed the guns particularly is now absent wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. F. HUNLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg., Eighteenth Alabama Regiment.

Major HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stewart's Division.

