
S. Bell, of Company G, were killed, and Lieutenant W. H. P. Gordon, of Company B, Lieutenant D. M. Prewitt, of Company D, Lieutenant E. G. Lott, of Company E, and Lieutenant J. Banks, of Company I, were wounded.

Rallying my men in the rear, I formed them in line of battle in an hour. Marching thus to the front and right, my regiment took a position in front of a line of the enemy's breastworks. Being ordered to lie down, the men did so, and remained somewhat exposed to the fire from the enemy's batteries until near 5 p.m. Having then received na order to march to the front, we approached the woods and found the enemy retreating. We passed over the defenses and followed the enemy, firing on them until we reached an open field, on the right of which other troops of our army were engaged, and then were ordered to halt. The Thirty-eighth was sent to occupy a hospital of the enemy on our left; the Eighteenth to intercept and captured prisoners, and my own regiment, being ordered to remain in the edge of the woods, took charge of any of the enemy who voluntarily (as some did) surrendered.

We bivouacked on this ground for the night, and collected the following morning 274 rifles, 169 muskets, 122 bayonets, and 274 cartridge boxes, with belts, &amp;c., complete (and many incomplete); two double boxes of ammunition, and a lot of bayonet scabbards, all of which were turned over to the ordnance officer.

Commending every officer engaged in the fight for his gallantry and zeal, I would especially name Captain A. J. Derby, of Company K, who rendered efficient services during both days, and Adjt. T. A. Hatch, for his continued activity and exertion.

The non-commissioned officers and men of my command exhibited the courage and gallantry which characterize all Southern soldiers, and I am confident will make a better fight when they again meet the enemy than they did on the 19th and 20th instant.

Color Bearer J. W. Tillinghast, of Company B, carried the colors both days, and always full to the front. In the charge on Sunday he wa foremost with his flag, and only retired when most of the command had turned back. He is a cool, brave man, and deserves special mention.

Very respectfully,&c., your obedient servant,

L. T. WOODRUFF,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Clayton's Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH ALABAMA INFANTRY, October 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In more particularly amending or explaining my report of the participation of my regiment in the charge made in the evening of the 19th proximo [ultimo], I have the honor to say that, not being certain of the locality of the battery, I called on my line officers, who are mostly of the opinion it was located beyond or west of the road and opposite to our ninth or tenth companies, in woods skirting the field. One, however, says it was on the east side of the road. My own recollection of the locality is that the battery was beyond the road and opposite to the ninth and tenth companies of my regiment; that there were two brass pieces, around which were lying several horses, and that the guns were abandoned by the enemy. In this I am confirmed by my officers, who saw one brass

