
In this charge Lieutenant M. J. Gordon, Company I, was killed. Adjt. A. R. Murray, Lieutenant James Holley, Company G, and Lieutenant B. S. Davis were wounded.

On the night of the 19th, we rested on the battle-field.

On the 20th, I took into battle 299 muskets. We were ordered to the front between 12 m. and 1 p.m. and charged a battery supported by infantry and by another battery on our right. We advanced beyond a corn-field up to a house, where the fire from the enemy was perfectly furious, particularly on our left. From this position we were repulsed, but had we been properly supported the enemy would have been routed. Our own brigade was much scattered when we reached this point, owing to the long distance over which we had passed at double-quick time, besides the men were more or less affected by meeting a retreating brigade. Had it not been for this influence I believe we would have been successful.

During this charge Captain J. B. Perkins, Company G; Lieutenant J. R. Williams, Company I; Lieutenant R. R. Harwell, Company A; Lieutenant Joseph Flant, Company K (acting adjutant), were wounded and carried to the rear.

The command was rallied in line of battle in less than an hour. The regiment, with the balance of them, took position to the right of that previously occupied until near 5 p.m., when it was ordered forward. Passing over the enemy's breastworks, it moved upon the enemy in full retreat through an open field. Several taking refuge in and around a hospital, General Clayton ordered my regiment forward to the hospital, where it and the next morning the regiment collected several hundred guns an accouterments, which were turned over to the ordnance officer.

Commending all officers in my command who were in the fight for their gallantry and zeal, I cannot mention any particular officer as having distinguished himself above all others. All performed their duties well.

Lieutenant Flant, who acted as adjutant after Adjutant Murray was wounded, rendered me good services until he himself was wounded.

Lieutenant John Vidmer, of General Clayton's staff, rendered me efficient service after the fall of Major Jewett. He is a gallant and efficient officer.

The non-commissioned officers and men of my command exhibited the courage and gallantry which characterize all Southern soldiers, particularly Alabamians, and I have no doubt will do much better fighting when another opportunity is again given them. This was the first time they were ever under fire.

I take this occasion to mention in very commendable terms Joel Bell, Company E, color bearer of the regiment. In the fight of both days he was always in advance of the regiment, carrying his colors in proper position. In the charge on Sunday he bore the colors of this regiment farther than any other that I saw. He is a cool, brave, determined man.

Very respectfully,

A. F. LANKFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-eighth Regiment Alabama Vols.

Captain J. M. MACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Clayton's Brigade.

