HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, October 18, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to an order this day received from the

major-general commanding this division, I have the honor to make the following report:

The order was given by General Clayton to forward between 4 and 5 o'clock. We soon met the enemy, and, after and engagement of some length, the enemy commenced retiring. We pursued, I suppose, some 300 yards, when I saw two pieces of artillery manned and fired several times by the enemy. These pieces were, or one of them, about opposite the left of my (Thirty-eighth Alabama) regiment, the other about opposite the right of the third company from the left of the same regiment. These guns were near and in front of a house - the guns on one side and the house on the other of the main Chattanooga.

Lieutenant M. J. Gordon, commanding Company I, the second company from the left of the regiment, fell killed by a ball within 5 paces of one of the guns which he had so nobly assisted to take from the enemy. These guns cannot be the same referred to by the Eighteenth and Thirty-sixth Regiments, as mine (the Thirty-eighth) was on the left of the brigade. I did not take time to examine the pieces particularly, as I pursued the enemy at least a half mile farther, and when I returned to where we left these pieces of artillery I was in command of all the forces of three regiments of this brigade. There being no colonel present, and Lieutenant-Colonel Inge, of the Eighteenth, being dismounted, gave the command no me until we could get the regiment reformed or find a ranking officer. When we returned to where these guns were left, I saw them being carried off by some of General Bate's brigade, who were in our rear, we having passed then in our charge. I think they were probably 8 or 12 pounders.

Respectfully submitted.

A. R. LANKFORD,Lieutenant-Colonel, Thirty-eighth Alabama Regiment.

Major HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stewart's Division.

No. 391.

Report of Captain John T. Humphreys, First Arkansas Battery.

CAMP NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 7, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received this morning, requiring a report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of Chickamauga, I have the honor to report that on Saturday, September 19, I was ordered about 3 p.m. to follow my brigade (Clayton's) and to keep up with it. The brigade moved forward rapidly through a piece of thickly wooded land in the direction of the Chattanooga road. Leaving the caissons in rear, I follow immediately in rear of the brigade, which, when it had advanced about 300 yards, was checked in its progress by the enemy in front, with whom it was hotly engaged with small-arms. I formed the battery first in line, then in battery immediately in rear of the brigade, but was unable

