
I append a list of the number of men taken into the field on Saturday: Commissioned officer, 3; non-commissioned officers and privates,86.

On Sunday the battery was not engaged and exposed to no fire of small-arms.

Lies of men and officers taken on the field on Sunday: Commissioned officers,3; non-commissioned and privates,79.

Very respectfully,

JOHN T. HUMPHREYS,

Captain First Arkansas Battery.

Major J. W. ELDRIDGE,

Chief of Arty. of General Stewart's Div., Army of Tenn.,

No. 392.

Report of Brig. General William Preston, C. S. Army, commanding division.

GREENVILLE, S. C. October 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit, in obedience to orders, a report of the part taken by the division under my command in the battle of Chickamauga.

On September 18, our forces advanced in several columns to cross the Chickamauga and give battle to the Federal army under General Rosecrans. Major-General Buckner's corps (consisting of Stewart's division and mine) moved on the road to Thedford's Ford, and on the evening of that day (Friday) my command bivouacked at Hunt's or Dalton's Ford, on the south bank of the stream extending above in the direction of Lee and Gordon's Mills. Soon after nightfall General Gracie's brigade was moved across the ford and established in line of battle running almost east and west, near Hunt's house and a few hundred yards north of the river, where it remained during the night.

On the next morning my two remaining brigades crossed the river at dawn and were formed incline of battle in Hunt's field. Stewart's division soon occupied a position on my right and extending eastward in the direction of Thedford's Ford. Riding forward I found troops of Brigadier-General Johnson's and Major-General Hood's commands forming in line of battle nearly at right angles to my own line, facing westward toward the Chattanooga road, and afterward met General Bragg, Major-General Hood, and Major-General Buckner, who were conferring together. Having reported to

Major-General Buckner the position of my troops, I returned, and about 8 o'clock received an order from him to advance through Hunt's field in the direction of the enemy. Gracie's brigade was immediately conformed to the general line of battle, and moved westwardly toward the main road that runs north from La Fayette to Chattanooga. After advancing about 600 yards it arrived near a sharp curve of the Chickamauga, which impeded farther progress. I halted the command on the brow of the hill overlooking the stream and plain below. The enemy's line and batteries were discovered about 1,500 yards distant in the direction of Lee and Gordon's Mills,

