
On Sunday, about midday, the battle became fierce along the right toward Chattanooga, and there was a general advance of the Left Wing, under Lieutenant-General Longstreet. Stewart's division and Trigg's brigade were moved forward northwestwardly in the direction of Brotherton's house, on the Chattanooga road. Under an order from Major-General Buckner, I advanced with Gracie's and Kelly's brigades, with the exception of the Sixty-fifth Georgia (Colonel Moore), which was left to protect Jeffress' battery, near Hunt's field, on the left. Gracie's and Kelly's brigades were formed in line of battle across the Chattanooga road in front of Brotherton's house and Trigg a short distance in the rear. The enemy in some fields on the north maintained an active fire of shot and shell on my troops until about 3.30 o'clock, when I received an order to move toward Dyer's house and field, to support Brigadier-General Kershaw. Guided by Captain Terrett, I advanced with Gracie's and Kelly's brigades. Trigg's having been retained near Brotherton's by Major-General Bucker to resist an apprehended attack of cavalry on our loft and rear. After moving through the woodland between the Chattanooga road and Dyer's farm-house, I reached a large field extending northward to some wooded ravines and heights. These heights stretch nearly east from the La Fayette and Chattanooga road to another nearly parallel road running from Crawfish Spring to Rossville and about 2 miles west of the former. From the edge of Dyer's field the ground descends to a wooded ravine, and after two or three intervening depressions, each succeeding height being more elevated, you reach the summit of the ridge, which is some 200 feet above the level of the plain. Along this ridge the enemy were drawn up under General Thomas, as it is believed from the statements of prisoners. A strong battery was posted on the loftiest and most easter of these heights toward Snodgrass' house and Chattanooga. On the northeast the undulations were gentle,a nd cleared fields, and farms stretched away eastward to open and wooded plains. Upon these plains the battle had raged during the day, and the eights were the key of the enemy's position and his last stronghold. As soon as the advance brigade of Gracie reached Dyer's field, I ordered him to form in line of battle with his left wing resting near a tall pine on the summit of the hill near the edge of the field and in front of the enemy's strongest position. This was done with great animation and in admirable order. I then directed Colonel Kelly to form him brigade on the left of Gracie and to change direction to the right as he advanced. The owner of the farm (John Dyer, one of my couriers) gave me a most accurate and valuable description of the local topography, and I directed Kelly to cover and protect Gracie's left. While engaged in bringing Kelly into position, Gracie's brigade disappeared in the wood, advancing against the battery hill. I ordered Captain Blackburn, my volunteer

aide-de-camp, to follow and ascertain from General Gracie by what authority he had moved. General Gracie replied that he had been ordered to advance by Brigadier-General Kershaw, who was in the ravine just beyond the field. The movement was slightly premature, as Kelly was not formed, but I at once ordered his brigade forward, and sent Captain Blackburn to direct him to oblique to the right again, so as to press toward the slope of the hill in the rear while Gracie was attacking in front. The enemy had kept up a rapid artillery fire from the hill and across the field, but Gracie, passing through Kershaw's ranks, which were halted in the

