
forward to where Colonel Kelly was engaged on the hill and Lieutenant McDaniel brought him to me. I reiterated the order and the assurance of Trigg's speedy arrival, and passed on to the right, where I met General Gracie. He reported his ammunition almost exhausted, and was withdrawing his men to replenish his cartridge boxes.

In the meantime, General Buckner had sent me Colonel Trigg's brigade, which, advancing in double-quick time arrived at a critical moment while the battle was raging fiercely. One of Trigg's regiments went to the support of General Gracie, while the remainder of the brigade was ordered to form on the left of Kelly and to attack the enemy on the ridge. This fresh brigade moving over the troops halted in the valley below, assaulted with great ardor the enemy on the left of Kelly, and quickly carried the first brigade. The fresh and lengthening line of fire from this fine command reanimated our men and disheartened the enemy, who relinquished their first position and fell back to a second ridge, occupied by a strong force and posted behind field-works. A momentary lull ensued. Brigadier-General Robertson reported to me, and I directed him to occupy and hold the position from which Gracie had withdrawn to replenish his ammunition. I sent at this time for Colonel Kelly, who reported in person and informed me that the enemy in his front seemed in confusion. I directed him to use his discretion and press the advantage by advancing as far as practicable, with Trigg wheeling to the right toward the declivity of the battery hill, stretching toward Chattanooga.

It was now moonlight, and Kelly returning to his command after a few minutes' absence from it,the fire reopened, and continuing for a short time, ceased. It was the last fire of the day, and closed the battle. In the last attack made by Trigg and Kelly, Colonel Hawkins, of the Fifth Kentucky, a brave and skillful officer of Kelly's brigade, captured 2 colonels, 1 lieutenant-colonel, a number of company officers, and 249 prisoners. The twenty-second Michigan, Eighty-ninth Ohio, and part of the Twenty-first Ohio Regiments were captured by Trigg's and Kelly's brigades,and five stand of colors were taken by Sergeant Timmons, of the Seventh Florida Regiment, and by Privates Honaker, Harris, Hylton, and Carter, of the Fifty-fourth Virginia. Colonels Carlton, Le Favour, and Lieutenant-Colonel Glenn were among the prisoners.

The next morning about 4,500 stand of arms, which had been thrown away by the fleeing enemy, were secured by my command. I learned that Steedman's division and troops from General Granger's Reserve Corps held the heights attacked by my division, and from captured artillerists at Snodgrass' house that the hill had been occupied by a battery of the regular army and another from Ohio. Among the wounded at Snodgrass' house, where a hospital had been established by the enemy, were many prisoners, some of whom were from Crittenden's corps, portions of which seem also to have occupied the hill.

In the attack on the hill no artillery could be used by us effectively; the struggle was alone for the infantry. Few who were not struck down by the rifle or the musket. While at the height of the engagement, the reserve artillery of Major Williams opened fire, by order of Major-General Buckner, on the rear line of the enemy, but with what effect I could no judge. The fire served, however, to

27 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

