
draw that of the enemy to another part of the field on my right. As my line advanced I sent word to General Buckner requesting him to cause Williams to cease firing or he would enfilade my men, who had won the ridge, and the batteries were promptly stopped.

The battalion of Georgia artillery, under Major Leyden, was engaged with Colonel Trigg on Saturday, and that of Captain Jeffress, protected by the Sixty-fifth Georgia occupied an important position on the left. Captain Peeples' battery, of Major Leyden's command, sustained a small loss in the engagement. No opportunity for the advantageous use of his guns was offered in that quarter of the field. I refer to Major Leyden's report for details.

The next morning I ordered the burial of the dead. Many of our brave men had fallen in charging the slopes leading to the summit of the ridge. The musketry from the low brastworks of the enemy on the hill attacked by General Gracie had set fire to the dry foliage, and scorched and blackened corpses gave fearful proof of the heroism and suffering of the brave men who had stormed the hill. The ground occupied of the brave men who had stormed the hill. More to the north, in a wooded dell in front of Kelly and Trigg, many dead and wounded of the enemy were found who had fled the combat and sought concealment in its shadows. All the dead along my line, whether of friend or enemy, were buried, and the wounded removed to hospitals.

I have already mentioned the services of Brigadier-General Gracie and his command, and desire to express my approval of the courage and skill he manifested in the battle.

It also affords me pleasure to notice the valuable services of Colonel Y. M. Moody, Lieutenant-Colonel Sanford, Major Mclennan, Captain Walden, and Surgeon Luckie, of Gracie's brigade.

Colonel Trigg maintained and increased his justly merited reputation as a brave and skillful officer. Every order was executed with energy and intelligence. To the rapidity with which he moved his command to the support of Kelly's and Gracie's brigades, and availed himself of the advantages of the field, I attribute in a great measure the success of my command in carrying the position.

Colonel Finley, of the Sixth Florida, moved at once to my support with Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, of the Fifty-fourth Virginia, while the Seventh Florida, under Colonel Bullock, was brought forward by Colonel Trigg in person.

During the struggle for the heights, Colonel Kelly had his horse shot under him, and displayed great courage and skill. He animated his men by his example, and with unshaken firmness retained the ground he had won. During the action he was re-enforced by a regiment from the brigade of Brigadier General Patton Anderson, who was in his vicinity, for which timely aid I desire to express my obligations.

Colonel Kelly took into action 876 officers and men, one of his regiments (the Sixty-fifth Georgia) being detached, and lost 300 killed and wounded.

Colonel Palmer, of the Fifty-eighth North Carolina, though wounded, remained on the field and bravely commanded his regiment.

Lieutenant Colonel Edmund Kirby, a young, brave, and lamented officer of the same regiment, fell early in the action.

Captain Lynch, of the Sixty-third Virginia, and Lieutenant-Colonel Connor, Major Mynheir, and Adjt. Thomas B. Cook, of the Fifth Kentucky, merit honorable mention.

