
Captain Joseph Desha, of the Fifth Kentucky, who, though painfully wounded, remained on the field until the enemy was defeated, deserves especial commendation. Captain Desha has been often in action, and always honorably mentioned, and I respectfully recommend him for promotion.

The actual strength of the command taken by my into action on Sunday was 3,752 men and 326 officers, being an aggregate of 4,078 infantry, and my total loss in the battle was 1,275 killed and wounded and 61 missing, nearly all of the lost having been subsequently accounted for.

I desire to express my thanks to my staff the efficient aid they rendered me. Major W. M. Owen, chief of artillery; Captain Snadford, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Edward C. Preston, division inspector; Lieutenant Edwin Whitfield, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Adams, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Harris H. Johnston, aide-de-camp, and Captain J. C. Blackburn, volunteer aide-de-camp, were actively employed during the battle, and I tender to them the assurance of my sense of their valuable serviced on the field.

Lieutenant Bowles, of Morgan's cavalry, was temporarily attached to my staff, and assisted me greatly during the engagement.

Major Edward Crutchfield, quartermaster, and Major Bradford were under orders a short distance in the rear, but availed themselves of each interval to join me at the front, and fulfilled their respective duties to my entire satisfaction.

Surg. Benjamin Gillespie, by the establishment of field hospitals and his care of the wounded, merits my thanks and official notice.

Inclosed I transmit the reports of General Gracie, Colonel Kelly and Trigg, with others of subordinate officers. I refer to them for many details which cannot be embraced in this report, and invite attention to the instances of skill and gallantry shown by officers and men which they record.

The troops of my division had never been engaged in any important battle, having been stationed during the war chiefly in Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee to defend their mountain passes from invasion. Held in reserve while the conflict raged around them for a day and a half, they manifested a noble ardor to share its dangers and its glories. Though long in service and not aspiring to the title of veterans, I felt strong confidence in their patriotism, courage, and discipline. The hour trial of all these great qualities arrived, every hope was justified, and I feel assured that both officers and men won honorable and endurable renown upon the memorable field of Chickamauga.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

W. PRESTON,

Brig. General, Provisional Army, C. S.

Captain GALLEHER,

A. A. G. Major General Buckner's Corps, Army of Tenn.

