
Forty-third Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Y. M. Moody commanding; First Battalion, Alabama Legion, Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Holt commanding; Second Battalion, Alabama Legion, Lieutenant Colonel B. Hall, jr., commanding; Third Battalion, Alabama Legion, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. A. Sanford commanding-on the days of September 19 and 20:

Taking position on the evening of the 18th at Dalton's Ford, on Chickamauga River, early on the morning of the 19th the brigade formed its first line of battle, facing the enemy's works near Lee and Gordon's Mills. It was exposed to the fire of the enemy's shell, wounding Lieutenant Lane and others of the Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment. Further than this the brigade was not engaged in this day's fight.

On the morning of the 20th, the brigade was ordered to near Dyer's house, on the Chattanooga, where, again forming line of battle, it again received the fire of the enemy's shell.

Between 4 and 5 p.m. orders were received to support Kershaw's brigade, posted to the left of the Chattanooga road. Word was sent to General Kershaw that the brigade was ready, and the ordered it to advance. Passing through Kershaw's command, the brigade found itself suddenly in the presence of the enemy, strongly posted behind breastworks of logs and rails on the crest of an opposite hill. The fury of musketry, grape, and canister immediately commenced, but, undaunted, the brigade scaled the precipitous heights, driving the enemy before it, and took possession of the hill. Holding these heights for nearly an hour, and ammunition becoming scarce, I informed Brigadier-General Preston, commanding division, that unless supported the brigade could not much longer hold out. Trigg's and Kelly's brigades were ordered to my relief. Though with ammunition nearly exhausted, the brigade held it own till the scattering fire of its musketry betrayed its condition to the enemy. Trigg's and Kelly's brigades arriving, the command withdrew to replenish its empty cartridge boxes.

Early the next morning the brigade resumed the position it had so nobly won.

The number of killed and wounded shows the desperate nature of the contest. Of about 1,870 carried into action, 90 were killed and 615 wounded.

Where so many distinguished themselves, it would be difficult to particularize. All nobly did their duty. I would, however, call attention to the following-named officers:

Lieutenant Colonel A. Fulkerson, Sixty-third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, who, in the absence of the colonel, commanded the regiment and led it into action. To him it owes its discipline and its efficiency. Colonel Fulkerson was severely wounded in the arm, making, with the one received at Shiloh, the second during the war. He is deserving of a much higher position.

Colonel Y. M. Moody, of the Forty-third Alabama Regiment, always at the head of his regiment on the march, maintained the same position on eh field, rallying and encouraging his men.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Jolly, of the same regiment, though seriously wounded in the thigh, remained on the field until no longer able to walk, and then had to be carried off.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Holt, of the First Battalion, Alabama Legion. This battalion sustained the heaviest loss. Of 239 carried into action, 169 were killed and wounded. Among the latter was

Lieutenant-Colonel Holt, seriously in the knee.

