
Lieutenant Colonel Bolling Hall, commanding Second Battalion, Alabama Legion. It was his battalion that first gained the hill and placed its colors on the enemy's works. Its colors bear marks of over eighty bullets. Its bearer, Robert Y. Hiett, though thrice wounded and the flag-staff thrice shot away, carried his charge throughout the entire fight. He deserves not only mention, but promotion. Lieutenant-Colonel Hall behaved most gallantly, receiving a severe wound in the thigh.

Lieutenant Colonel John W. A. Sanford, commanding the Third Battalion, Alabama Legion, and Major McLennan, commanding the Fourth Battalion, Alabama Legion, nobly did their duty, sustaining heavy loss both in officers and men.

Captain W. D. Walden, Company B, Second Battalion, Alabama Legion, was wounded in the breast,arm,a nd shoulder, inside the enemy's works. His case deserves special mention.

Asst. Surg. James B. Luckie, of the Third Battalion, Alabama Legion, both in the field and at the hospital, was most attentive to the wounded, as, indeed, were all the medical officers of the command.

Captain H. E. Jones, my assistant adjutant-general, was most conspicuous for coolness and gallantry. Carrying orders into the thickest of the fight, he was more exposed than any one in the field; also my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant E. B. Cherry. I am happy to state that, though both these officers had their horses shout under them, both escaped unhurt.

To Lieutenant J. N. Gilmer, adjutant of the Alabama Legion, who during the absence of its commander, has acted as my assistant

inspector-general, and to Messrs. George C. Jones and J. S. Harwell, both wounded, my thanks are due for services rendered.

Major E. L. Hord, my quartermaster, who so completely equipped my brigade, was constantly at his post performing his onerous duties.

Major C. D. Brown, my commissary, who, by untiring energy, kept the brigade constantly supplied with cooked rations. My thanks are also due to Lieutenant A. M. Macmurphy, my efficient ordnance officer.

Among the noble dead I have to record the names of Captain James T. Gillespie and Lieutenant S.m. Deaderick, Company I, Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment; Captains O. H. Prince, Company A, land J. A. P. Gordon, Company C; Lieutenant William H. Watkins, Company B, Forty-third Alabama Regiment, and Lieutenant R. H. Bibb, of the First Battalion, Alabama Legion.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. GRACIE, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 394.

Report of Colonel Young M. Moody, Forty-third Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD ALABAMA REGIMENT VOLS., September 26, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 19th, instant my regiment, being the extreme left of Gracie's brigade, was

