
drawn up in line of battle lee and Gordon's Mills, my left resting on the Chickamauga River. In this position we remained till about 2 o'clock in the afternoon exposed to the shells of the enemy from a battery at Lee and Gordon's Mills, from which, however, we sustained no loss. We then moved by the right flank several hundred yards to a point on the top of a slight elevation, where we were, left with the Third Battalion, Alabama Legion, to support Jeffress' and Baxter's batteries. We remained at this point till the morning of the 20th, exposed during the evening of the 19th to the enemy's shells, but suffering no loss.

On the morning of the 20th, being relieved by Kelly's brigade, we moved a little to the right and front, and formed line of battle with the balance of the brigade in the woods near Dyer's house my left resting on an old field. We remained here till a mile; then by the right flank across the fields and woods and along the Chattanooga road, forming across this road and behind Hood's division. In this position we remained about an hour, being again exposed to the shells of the enemy and having 1 man slightly wounded. We then moved by the left flank about a quarter of a mile in the edge of the woods in front of the enemy, who were strongly posted on a range of wooded hills behind temporary breastworks. We then moved forward to attack, the enemy, when, my regiment overlapping the brigade on our left, I was ordered to halt and await further orders. Remaining here but a few moments, I was ordered to move by the right flank a short distance, then moved forward and took place in line between the Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment, on my right, and the Second Battalion, Alabama Legion, on my left. We then moved forward and engaged the enemy under a heavy fire of artillery and small-arms.

Almost in the very beginning of the engagement my

lieutenant-colonel (Jolly) and six company commanders (including every company commander on the right wing of my regiment) were killed, or so severely wounded as to be compelled to quit the field.

I regret to state that Captain Gordon, Company C, and Lieutenant Watkins, Company B, were killed, and Captain Prince, Company A, mortally wounded. They were among the best officers of the regiment, and fell encouraging their men and gallantly cheering them forward.

About this time the regiment on my right fell back, causing some confusion for the time on my right. I succeeded, however, with the assistance of Brigadier-General Gracie, in rallying my men under the enemy's fire, and we again moved forward, changing front forward on the tenth company and charging up to the enemy' works on the hill, and with the Second Battalion, Alabama Legion, succeeded in holding the works, although exposed to a heavy fire of grape and shell and an enfilading fire of small-arms, till, from want of ammunition, and my guns from frequent firing becoming unfit for use, we fell back to a point in the woods near which we first formed for attack.

I would state that my acting adjutant, Lieutenant John R. Shelton, of Company C, afforded me valuable assistance, being always at his post, and attending to the duties of his position. For his efficiency and colones in action, and believing him to be the best officer in his company, I ask for his promotion form the second lieutenant

