
to the captaincy of his company (C), made vacant the death of Captain Gordon.

I am also under obligations to my assistant surgeon (Baldwin), who followed up our movements closely, and under the heaviest fire of the enemy gave prompt attention tot he wounded.

Captains Mims, Shepherd, and Du Bose, and Lieutenant Watters, commanding Company E, were with me during the entire action, and proved themselves most efficient officers.

I would mention the following enlisted men: Private W. C. Harris, of Company A; Serg. William T. Cocke, of Company B, and Sergt. John B. Lanford, of Company C, who frequently came under my notice, and who were always among the foremost men in the regiment, and discharging their duties with unflinching gallantry. There are vacancies in the junior second lieutenancies in these companies, and I apply for their promotion to fill them. Privates Peppenhorst, of Company A; McCay, of Company I; Statterwhite, of Company G; Sergeant Maxey, of Company F; Sergeant Bruce and Private J. T. Elliott, of Company E, and Sergeant Stephenson and Private Hill, of Company B, also deserve notice having done all that could be expected of the very best soldiers. When the opportunity shall offer I shall apply for their promotion. I have no doubt there are many others who deserve mention, but who escaped my notice during the heat of the battle.

My loss was: Officers,killed, 3; wounded, 7. Enlisted men, killed, 13; wounded,76.

I think it bust just to state that Mr. George C. Jones, who was acting in an independent capacity on the staff of General Gracie, his horse being shot under him seized a gun and fought gallantly with my regiment till he was twice wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

Y. M. MOODY,

Colonel, Comdg. Forty-third Alabama Regiment.

Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 395.

Report of Captain George W. Huguley, First Battalion, Hilliard's (Alabama) Legion.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION ALABAMA LEGION, Near Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the First Battalion, Alabama Legion, Gracie's brigade, in the battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20:

On the morning of the 19th, we formed line of battle near Dalton's Ford, on Chickamauga Creek. We remained in that position, with slight changes, during the day, occasionally being shelled from the enemy's batteries, but without any loss.

On the morning of the 20th, we moved forward some distance, the enemy having been driven back. Having again taken position under cover of woods, we were again shelled, but without effect. Between 2 and 3 p.m. we advanced upon the enemy, and between 4

