
and 5 o'clock engaged them in a strong position on an elevated point behind their works. After a desperate fight of an hour and fifty minutes, our ammunition was exhausted and we retired.

The entire command, both officers and men, behaved themselves with most commendable gallantry. Owing to the universal coolness and bravery of all, I fell a delicacy in particularizing any one for special acts of courage.

Colonel Holt, the commanding officer, was severely wounded early in the action, and the command devolved upon me.

We went into the engagement with-total 238; aggregate, 260. Casualties: 24 killed upon the field and 144 wounded, making an aggregate of 168,16 of whom were officers.

G. W. HUGULEY,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 396.

Report of Lieutenant C. Hall, Adjutant Second Battalion, Hilliard's (Alabama) Legion.

HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, ALABAMA LEGION, October 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The battalion was ordered to the attack Sunday, September 20, at 4 p.m., the First Battalion on its left and the Sixty-third Tennessee on its right, when the fight commenced. When the enemy discovered themselves to us we were on an eminence 400 or 500 yards from them, a slope and bottom intervening. We advanced to within 250 yards of the enemy, meeting no opposition, and received the first volley, a very rapid fire, from the enemy. Doubt and confusion over, the men formed; their officers led them on. The bottom of the hill was reached and occupied some minutes. The fighting was hard and much to our disadvantage, and some confusion prevailing, a retreat was made for a short distance. The battalion again reformed, the men collected and fully possessed, officers at their posts, the advance was ordered, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, while leading the command under the fiercest fire, was shot down at a time when, by hard fighting, we had almost reached the enemy's works. Many brave men had now fallen. Captain Walden assumed command, and bravely led the still advancing line until shot down within the enemy's lines. Lieutenant Fisher, a brave officer, of Company C, about this time was mortally wounded. The enemy fiercely opposed our entrance. The effort was useless-the works were carried, the enemy driven before us in confusion. Re-enforced, they again fiercely assaulted us. On the left we were unsupported, except by a small portion of Company A, First Battalion, Alabama Legion. On the right at this juncture Brigadier-General Gracie and Colonel Moody led up a part of the Forty-third Alabama. Together we resisted the enemy and still held the position. The hill was finally abandoned, but not until every cartridge was expended, when we retired to the opposite crest and reformed.

My position during the entire engagement was with the left of the

