
battalion, and I observed more particularly those near me. Captain L. H. Crumpler and Lieutenant John H. Porter, commanding Companies F and C, behaved very gallantly. Others did well, but there are so many I cannot mention them.

The battalion carried into action 230 aggregate. Of these 16 were killed, 75 wounded, many mortally.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. HALL,

Adjutant.

Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 397

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. A. Sanford, Third Battalion, Hilliard's (Alabama) Legion.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 19th instant, we formed a line of battle on the banks of Chickamauga Creek, and with slight changes of position remained there the entire day. In the forenoon we were shelled by the enemy, but sustained no injury.

On the 20th instant, about 1 p.m., we began to advance against the enemy, and between the hours of 4 and 5 p.m. we joined battle. We then pushed steadily against the enemy. The battalion immediately on our right having been momentarily checked in its progress, we halted till it rallied and then moved forward to the crest of a hill, which we held during the fight. A little after 6 o'clock several captains reported that many men had entirely exhausted their ammunition. They were instructed to hold their position. About twilight, the fire of the enemy having nearly ceased, we were ordered to retire, and did so in good order.

We carried into the fight on the 20th instant, 211 enlisted men and 18 officers; aggregate, 229. Of this number 4 were killed and 42 wounded.

The conduct of the officers and men during the battle cannot be too highly commended. All did their duty so well that it is difficult to mention one as particularly distinguished without being almost unjust to others. But the colones and gallantry of Captain John McCrelles, of Company E, deserve notice. No one could have acted with greater self-possession or with more courage than he.

Asst. Surg. James B. Luckie, by his promptness and skill, rendered invaluable service, and merits promotion.

Among the enlisted men, Corporal Hutto and Privates Hix, Turner, and Tally, of Company A; Sergeant Baygents, and Privates Jackson, Brooks, and Hall, of Company B; Private Brown, of Company D; Sergeant Harris, and Privates Harris, Lewis Skinner, and Williams, of Company E, and Privates Simmons, Patrick, and Jackson, of Company F, acted with noticeable courage.

Fifty privates, 4 non-commissioned, and 2 commissioned officers were detailed for fatigue duty on the night of the 19th instant, and

