
did not return to the battalion till after the battle. I have been informed they were attached to Colonel Trigg's brigade. Of the fatigue party, 1 man was killed, and 1 officer and 2 men were wounded. None of the battalion were missing.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. W. A. SANFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 3rd Batt., Alabama Legion, Gracie's Brig.

[Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 398.

Report of Major John D. McLennan, Fourth Battalion, Hilliard's (Alabama) Legion.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BATTALION, ALABAMA LEGION, October 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by my command in the actions of September 19 and 20:

On Saturday, the 19th, when the brigade formed line of battle on the Chickamauga, my battalion was thrown forward as skirmishers, taking position on the bank of the river.

In the evening we fired a few shots at straggling Yankees. Two are known to have been killed; 2 others were captured. We remained in this position during the night.

Sunday morning (20th), was moved to the front. My battalion again deployed, connecting with Colonel Trigg's line on my right and Colonel Kelly's on my left, my present line being on the left of the battle-field of the day before. The enemy having fallen back still farther, the brigade was again moved to the front, my battalion taking its proper position in line, with

Lieutenant-Colonel Holt on right and Lieutenant-Colonel Sanford on my left.

In the evening the brigade went into the engagement, the line of battle being formed the brigade a brisk fire, and the advance commenced with spirit and determination. We had gone but a short distance when we were ordered to lie down in order that Kershaw's brigade might retire. Being under a telling fire, the withdrawing of this brigade necessarily caused some confusion and partly broke my lines, which I could not afterward perfectly restore. When ordered forward again the battalion advanced steadily under a murderous fire in our front from the enemy's well-selected and partially fortified position, returning the fire as we advanced until we came within 40 paces of their works (a few of my officers and men went within a few yards of the enemy's position). At this point a heavy fire was poured into us from the left, being on a line with the battalion on my right.

A heavy fire pouring upon me from the front, right, and left, and my ranks being almost decimated, to have advanced farther without support would have been reckless in the extreme. Taking advantage of whatever protection could be found, we maintained our position until our ammunition and what cartridges could be obtained from the dead and wounded were nearly exhausted; the battalion then retired in good order.

The officer did their whole duty, and proved themselves worthy of

