
the confidence and of their men. It would be difficult, and perhaps might be unjust, to make any discrimination between them.

This being the first time the battalion has been under fire, the men for the first few rounds fired wildly, but soon became calm and aimed deliberately. The number of the enemy's dead in our front shows plainly that their chosen position was to them on of danger and of death.

Privates McCain, Holley, King, and Head, of Company A; Corporal French, Privates Anderson, Flournoy, and Smith, Company B; Sergeants Mahone and Daniel, Privates Daniel, Hill, Rutledge, and Bennett, Company D; Sergeant Stuckey, Corporals Martain and Cumbie, Privates Phillips and Lancy, Company E, deserve mention for their conspicuous gallantry on the field.

Killed, 15; officers wounded, 5; enlisted men wounded, 82; total killed and wounded,102. Died since the battle,8. Aggregate carried into the fight,205.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. McLENNAN,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Gracie's Brigade.

No. 399.

Report of Major John A. Aiken, Sixty-third Tennessee Infantry.

CAMP SIXTY-THIRD TENNESSEE REGIMENT, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I herewith transmit a report of the action of the Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the evening of the 18th, the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Fulkerson, was formed in line of battle on southeast bank of Chickamauga Creek, near the crossing, on the right of the brigade (General Gracie's).

About 10 o'clock at night we were ordered with the brigade to cross the creek and form in line of battle, so as to protect the crossing should the enemy advance. The line established, we remained until 9 a.m. the 19th, when we were moved in column about 1 mile distant and to our left, and again a bluff overlooking the enemy's battery. We had been formed about one hour when the enemy opened upon us with shot and shell, severely wounding 1 lieutenant and 1 man. After some time, and the firing from that battery had ceased, we were moved in column by a circuitous route to the right and formed 300 yards in rear of Colonel Triggs brigade, where we remained exposed to a fire of shot and shell until dark.

Sunday morning, the 20th, we were ordered to march in line of battle in direction of the Chattanooga road, and before reaching the road we were marched by the right flank into and along the Chattanooga road in the direction of heavy musketry and artillery firing when we again formed in line of battle to the right of the road, where we remained for about one hour, when the command "left face" was given and we marched at double-quick across the Chatta-

