
nooga road west about one-half mile, when we were thrown into column of companies and then into line on the right of the brigade and near the left of Barksdale's [Humphreys'] (Mississippi) brigade, and on the right slope of the hill occupied by the enemy. The line was formed under a heavy fire of musketry. By some means the regiment became separated from the brigade and was subjected to a heavy fire in front and from the right. As soon as information could be communicated to the commander of the brigade of our exposed position, the Forty-third Alabama Regiment was sent to support us on the left. The two regiments charged up the hill very near the enemy's position, but the fire of shot, shell, and musketry being so heavy, were compelled to retire.

It was the first fire to which the regiment was ever exposed, and considering everything-that it formed under fire and was subjected to a heavy fire of artillery and musketry from the front and a rapid cross-fire from the right-too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men of the regiment for the manner in which they conducted themselves. I have no particular cases of gallantry to mention. All did their duty nobly.

Of the 402 aggregate taken into the engagement, 184 were wounded and 16 killed.

Among the killed were Captain J. T. Gillespie and Second Lieutenant S. M. Deaderick, who fell at the same time, while gallantly cheering their men on up the hill.

It is due the regiment to say that if fell back in good order and not until the last round of cartridge had been exhausted. No troops during the entire engagement were exposed to a more deadly fire or withstood the shock with more coolness and determination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. AIKEN,

Major, Comdg. Sixty-third Tennessee Regiment.

Captain H. E. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 400.

Report of Colonel Robert C. Trigg, Fifty-fourth Virginia Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS TRIGG'S BRIGADE, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by my brigade in the battles of the Chickamauga, on the 19th and 20th instant:

By order of Brigadier-General Preston, commanding division, I crossed the Chickamauga at early dawn the morning of the 19th, and formed line of battle near Hunt's house on the prolongation of Brigadier-General Bate's line. While occupying this position the enemy threw shot and shell into my lines from a battery on his right. The Sixth Regiment Florida Volunteers (Colonel Finley) lost 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant,and 1 private killed, and 2 privates wounded. I promptly the brigade forward, so as to get the cover afforded by the opposite hills.

