
About 12 m., by direction of General Preston, I move by brigade by the right flank and reformed on the crest of a ridge about half a mile north of Hunt's house. As soon as the line was formed I deployed the First Regiment Florida Cavalry, dismounted (Colonel Maxwell), as skirmishers, 300 yards in advance, and covering the entire front of the brigade. This regiment soon became engaged with the enemy's infantry in a corn-field and the woods to the right of the field. It kept up quite a brisk fire for more than two hours, when the right was driven in by a destructive fire of grape and canister from a battery in the field. At this time I was ordered to re-enforce General Hood and move in the direction of the firing. The firing was on my right. I moved by the right flank until met by a staff officer, who came to conduct me to the point where General Hood needed support (the position held by General Benning's brigade). At his instance I moved by the front. Soon after I was met by another staff officer, who claimed my support for General Robertson's brigade. I continued my movement by the front until I came near a corn-field, in which the enemy had a battery protected by earth-works, near the Chattanooga road, and supported by a long line of infantry drawn up in the field and in rifle-pits and woods on the right and left of the battery. The enemy was advancing when I first discovered him,and had passed about one-third the length of the field. The troops that had won the wooded ridge outside of the field and to my right were falling back in some confusion. The advance of the enemy and the falling back of our troops seemed to effect some change in the mind of the officer conducting me. He requested me to half until he could learn precisely what position I was to take. While thus halted and under the enemy's fire General Robertson appeared, and hurriedly informing me that his line was very much weakened and would be beaten back unless quickly

re-enforced, indicated the direction in which I should move. I obliqued to the right until I supposed that my right was opposite to his left. This brought the front of my brigade to the corn-field fence.

All this while I had been under a most destructive fire of the enemy's artillery, and at this time he concentrated upon me the fire of his while force in the corn-field in the timber around it. I had not as yet fired a single gun. I reserved my fire until I reached the fence. At the first volley the enemy broke in confusion to the left and rear. Seeing his confusion, I ordered my brigade to charge before he could rally. The Sixth Florida Regiment gallantly responded, leaping the fence and dashing forward to the crest of the ridge, forcing the enemy's broken line to seek the nearest cover on the right, left, and in rear. This regiment regained the ridge, which I am informed was own and lost more than once during the day, cleared the corn-field of all the infantry, drove nearly all the gunners from the battery, and would have certainly captured it but for a lamentable interference with my command. When the order to charge was given, I was on the right with this regiment. The order was not promptly conveyed to the other regiments of the brigade, and they failing to conform to the movements of the Sixth Florida, it got from 150 to 200 yards in advance. Having gained regiments of the brigade were not up with the Sixth Florida. I immediately started to bring them up, but had gone but a short distance when I perceived them crossing the fence and moving forward in good order. I returned to directs the movements of the Sixth Florida. When

