
these regiments had reached the second fence I discovered that they were being moved by Brigadier-General Robertson across the field by the right flank and in rear of the Sixth. Finding that this regiment would not receive support from the rest of my brigade, and it being exposed to a terrible fire from the front and left (the enemy having in part recovered from his panic), I withdrew it below the crest of the ridge, and unwillingly relinquished the capture of the battery,which a few minutes before I had regarded as almost accomplished, for such was the disposition of my brigade that when the charge was ordered two regiments and half of another on my left overlapped the enemy's battery and supports, and when withdrawn from the filed they were moving rapidly to turn his right flank. Night put an end to the conflict.

On the morning of the 20th, I formed my brigade 400 yards ion the rear of Manigualt's brigade, Hindman's division, and was ordered to support him and conform to his movements. About 12 m. General Manigualt moved forward in the direction of the Chattanooga road. I followed. When in 400 yards of the road I came up with his artillery, which had halted, and met a good may stragglers from his brigade. I rode forward to the road and found some confusion in the brigade. I informed and officer of General Manigault's staff that I was there to support him and ready to render the support at any moment. About this time I learned from an officer of General Hindman's staff that the left of Hindman's division was threatened and would be turned unless quickly supported (the left of that division having been supported up to that time by Manigualt's brigade). I moved my brigade to the Chattanooga road in

double-quick time, passing General Manigualt's brigade and taking the front. The position of the enemy being indicated to me, I disposed of the troops of my command with a view to offensive movements,and ordered the battery assigned me (Captain Peeple's, Ninth Georgia Battalion) to take position and open fire upon the enemy. The enemy failing to respond after several rounds, and it being evident that he had withdrawn from that part of the field, I ordered the firing to cease and prepared to advance, when I received orders from General Buckner to move down the Chattanooga road and support Williams' battalion of artillery.

Having remained in support of this artillery until 2.30 p.m., I was ordered by General Buckner to move back on the Chattanooga road with two of my regiments and one piece of artillery and select a favorable position to resist the enemy's cavalry, which it was understood had passed to our rear and was moving on that road. While engaged in the discharge of this duty with the First Florida (dismounted) Cavalry and Seventh Florida Regiment (Colonel Bullock) and one piece of artillery, an order from General Buckner directed me to withdraw one regiment and rejoin the division. I withdrew the Seventh Florida, but had hardly put it in motion when I received from General Preston a pressing order to move rapidly to the support of the other brigades of his division (Gracie's and Kelly's). The cavalry, whose movements I had been sent to oppose, having proved to be our own, I took the responsibility of ordering the other regiment and the piece of artillery to follow, and communicated the fact to General Buckner as I passed along. The Sixth Florida and Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiments had been already put in motion by Colonel Finley (senior colonel).

The battle was raging furiously when I arrived with the Seventh

