
Florida Regiment, which I formed on the left of the Fifty-fourth Virginia, which, with the Sixth Florida Regiment, was already formed on the left of Kelly's brigade. The First Florida (dismounted) Regiment on the way to join the brigade was detached, by order of General Preston, and sent to the support of General Gracie's brigade. Without wavering or faltering, these two brigades, marching over some of our own troops who were lying down, drove the enemy steadily before them until his right was forced from its strong force and protected by breastworks. When near the base of this ridge I learned from Colonel Kelly the precise locality of the enemy, and immediately determined with him to attempt the capture of that part of his force in my front, my position being particularly favorable for the attainment of this end. I immediately wheeled my brigade to the right, which brought me in rear of the enemy, and moved rapidly up the hill to within 20 paces of his lines. This movement surprised him and resulted in the capture of the Twenty-first Ohio Regiments, 5 stand of colors, and over 1,500 small-arms of the latest and most approved pattern. Darkness having fallen and the enemy having withdrawn from his position on my left, no farther movement was attempted.

Before beginning the movement last alluded to, I requested two brigades which were in my rear to form on my left and co-operate with me. They declined for the want of ammunition. It is greatly to be regretted that they were not in a condition to give me assistance. Had they formed on my left our line would have extended nearly, if not quite, to the Chattanooga road, and being in rear of the enemy, all his forces occupying the ridge would have been completely cut off.

Where every officer and man did his whole duty, special mention cannot be made. The fortune of was threw the Sixth Florida Regiment into the post of danger and upon them the heaviest loss, and proved them veterans to them this just tribute of praise, and he is also proud to express his conviction that each other regiment of his brigade is worthy of, and, had circumstances allowed, would have won, equal commendation. It is simple justice to my command to say that it beat the enemy wherever it found him and carried every position which it assaulted.

I take pleasure in mentioning the following named soldiers who have distinguished themselves by the capture each of a stand of the enemy's colors: Sergt. L.e. Timmons, Company I, Seventh Florida Regiment, captured regimental flag Twenty-first Ohio Regiment; Private Oscar F. Honaker, Company F, Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, captured regimental flag Twenty-second Michigan Regiment; Private W. F. Harris, Company F, Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, capture d regimental flag Eighty-ninth Ohio, and Private Francis Carter, Company K, Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, captured State flag Twenty-first Ohio Regiment.

In this connection I deem it proper to state that Private J. H. M. Moseley, Captain Hays' company, Sixth Florida Regiment, cap-

