
tured a stand of colors, and while guarding prisoners to the rear he passed a small party of men who claimed them. Being unable to distinguish these men in the dark, and supposing them to be a squad detailed by me to receive the captured colors, he gave them up. These colors have not been heard of since. I have no doubt of the truth of Private Moseley's statement. It is corroborated by other evidence. These colors were doubtless turned over to men of another command and sent in to headquarters as captured by them.

Appended is a statement* of the killed, wounded, and missing of my brigade.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. C. TRIGG,

Colonel, Comdg. Brigade, Preston's Div., Buckner's Corps.

Captain J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 401.

Report of Colonel G. Troup Maxwell, First Florida Cavalry (dismounted).

HEADQUARTERS FIRST FLORIDA CAVALRY, Near Chattanooga, East Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battles of 19th and 20th instant:

On the 19th, we lay in line of battle all the forenoon and until 3 p.m. At that hour I was ordered to deploy my regiment as skirmishers to cover the front of the brigade. Very soon after the deployment was effected we became hotly engaged with the enemy's sharpshooters (under very great disadvantage, as my regiment was armed chiefly with short-range guns of inferior quality) and with their battery, from which we received a galling fire of grape, shell, and canister. I continued to skirmish with them until they advanced in force in line of battle to within 200 yards of the front of the brigade, when my regiment was rallied and reformed upon the left of the brigade in its former position. The failure of the enemy to engage our whole line just then surprised me at the time, but was satisfactorily explained afterward when I learned that Robertson's brigade, of Hood's division, came upon them on our right, striking their left, and drove them across our front. Soon an order was given for an advance of the whole brigade, and I was ordered to be governed by the movements of the Seventh Florida, just immediately on my right,and obey all orders which were extended from the right to the left, my regiment occupying the left of the brigade.

I advanced keeping line be the Seventh, and was thrown into a dense cover of woods, which protected me from and enfilading fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry to which I would otherwise have been exposed. Just then the order was given to move by the right flank, which exposed my flank to a terrible fire of small-arms and artillery for the distance of 200 yards through an open corn-field

---------------

*Not found

---------------

28 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

