
and to a cross-fire of the same in the thin skirting of woods in which we were halted. This flank movement I have since learned was ordered by Brigadier-General Robertson.

In the battle of the 19th, my loss was 2 killed and 15 [wounded]. Among the killed was Lieutenant Richard F. Hart, Company E, a most excellent officer and worthy gentleman. Courteous and polite in his social relations, and firm, but kind, in his official capacity, he was respected and loved by all who were brought into intimate intercourse with him. Prompt, faithful, and energetic in the discharge of all his duties, his company and regiment have lost a noble and gallant officer and his country a devoted patriot.

On the 20th, as the day before, we were all the forenoon lying waiting for the order to advance. About 3 p.m., a report having been received that the enemy's cavalry were in our rear, I was ordered back with my own and the Seventh Florida Regiment and a Napoleon gun from Peoples' battery to arrest their advance. During this time a most terrible contest was going on along our whole line. The turning point of the battle seemed to be, as it was,a t hand, which involved a death struggle. I received orders first to sent to the front the Seventh Florida Regiment and subsequently to move up rapidly with my own. While obeying the latter order I lost the track of the brigade. Meeting a staff officer of General Preston, upon inquiring I was directed by him to a certain point about a mile in advance as the place where Trigg's brigade was fighting. I double-quicked to the point indicated, receiving a fire from the enemy's sharpshooters through most of the field. Arriving at the woods I formed line and looked about in vain for any of our troops. I advanced into the woods and was met by a storm of balls from the rifles of the enemy, who was strongly posted behind breastworks upon the crest of a high hill. Then and there I met General Gracie, who informed me that his brigade had been twice repulsed from the same hill. Not being able of find my own brigade commander, I put myself under his orders. He at first directed me to take the hill, but upon my suggestion that it was hardly possible for my small regiment to do what his large brigade had failed to accomplish, he ordered me to remain where I was until he could reform his brigade, the locality of which he did not then know. Being exposed to a severe fire to which they could not reply, I ordered my regiment to fall back to the cover of a fence in the corn-field, which they did in good order.

My loss on this occasion was 1 killed and 9 wounded. Among the latter were Lieutenant-Colonel Stockton and Captain Gaston Finley, both slightly.

Where all did well it would be invidious to make distinctions. Every officer and man did his duty,a nd deserves the plaudit of "Well done, good and faithful servant."

I am, very respectfully,

G. TROUP MAXWELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain JAMES BENAGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

P. S. - Among the casualties of the 19th, I omitted report 1 man missing, who has not yet reported, and I fear was killed.

