
battery in our front was not more than 150 yards from our lines, and upon our first arrival in this position some of his infantry were not more than 50 yards in our front. From his point we poured in a well-directed fire upon the infantry and the gunners in our front, which soon drove them back to the rifle-pits in rear of their battery (which I estimated to be about 150 yards in rear of their battery), leaving the guns unmanned and the battery flag cut down. At this moment, if my regiment could have been supported, I am of the opinion that my brigade commander could have made a successful charge upon the other two of the enemy's batteries, which had been playing upon us with terrible effect from our first advance to our final retirement. My failure to receive support will be properly accounted for, doubtless, in the report of my brigade commander.

The casualties of the regiment in the battle on the 19th briefly sum up as follows, to wit:

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Total.

Officer	 2	 11	 13

Enlisted men	 33	 119	 152

Total	 35	 130	 165

I cannot conclude the report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of this day without bearing testimony to the firmness, courage, and constancy which they exhibited under one of the fiercest and hottest fires which it has ever been the fortune of a command to encounter. But I need not enlarge upon this, as my brigade commander witnessed its conduct from the beginning to the end of this trying day,and will do ample justice to my brave and heroic officers and men in the report which he will be called upon to make. With him I leave my command, who have purchased whatever reputation they may have von upon the sanguinary field at fearful cost of life and blood.

I have no particular case of gallantry to mention upon this day. Where all fought with so much valor it would be invidious to discriminate.

In regard to the battle of the 20th, I have the honor to report that while First Florida Cavalry (dismounted) and the Seventh Florida Infantry were detached, and while the colonel commanding the brigade was with them to direct their movements, I was ordered forward with the Sixth Florida Regiment and Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment to relieve General Gregg's and Colonel Kelly's brigades, which had for some time been closely engaging the enemy on Chickamauga Heights. With these regiments I moved forward with haste to the point indicated, and taking the formation which was supposed to give me the most desirable front to the enemy, we advanced with steadiness and in good order until we passed the pickets thrown in front of General Gregg's and Kelly's brigades, and opening fire upon the enemy we continued to advance steadily and constantly until we swept the heights, silencing the fire of our adversary, driving him from his position,and causing him to retire. For a part of the time during our advance we were exposed to a hot fire not only from small-arms and a battery in front, but also from a bat-

