
tery which was upon our right in an oblique direction. At this moment I ordered the firing t cease, and the guns to be loaded and bayonets fixed, in order to take the gun which had been playing upon our front, but before this could be accomplished the enemy had retired and succeeded in withdrawing his piece.

At this time, the colonel commanding the brigade came up with the Seventh Florida Regiment, and having learned upon the way the position and situation of the enemy, quickly and promptly made a disposition of his forces, and ordered a movement by which some 500 of the enemy were captured, besides a large number of small-arms.

In this engagement the casualties in my regiment were as follows, to wit: Killed, 1 private; wounded, 2 lieutenants, 4 privates; total, 6 wounded; missing, 1 private, supposed killed.

During the operations of this day I cannot speak too highly of the good conduct and gallantry of both the officers and men of the Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John J. Wade. For my own regiment I can pay them no higher and no more deserved compliments than to say that they fully sustained the reputation which they so dearly earned in the bloody conflict of the day before.

I have the honor to submit the forgoing report, which has been written in great haste at night upon the field, and under circumstances of the greatest inconvenience.

J. J. FINLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES BENAGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 403.

Report of Colonel Robert Bullock, Seventh Florida Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS, Near Chattanooga, East Tenn., September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Chickamauga, on the 19th and 20th instant.

Early on the morning of the 19th, my regiment was formed in line of battle on the north side of Chickamauga Creek, which line was at intervals advanced until the afternoon of the same day, when a charge was made upon a battery of the enemy stationed in a field in front of our line, from the destructive fire of which I was ordered to shelter my command behind the cover of woods immediately on my right, near which place my command bivouacked for the night in line of battle.

Early on the morning of the 20th, the line of battle was advanced as the enemy receded, until in the afternoon of the 20th the regiment was detached from the brigade with the First Regiment Florida Cavalry, and sent 1 1/2 mile back on the main road to intercept what was supposed to be a cavalry advance, from which place my command was moved in quick time to rejoin the brigade on the left of the hill in front of [the division] hospital, and then moved with

