
the brigade upon a position of the enemy's in front and to the right, which resulted in the capture of about 150 prisoners, 1 stand of colors, and 12 Colt revolving rifles. Among the prisoners was Colonel Carlton and Lieutenant-Colonel McLaw [?], regiment not remembered.

The conduct of the officers and men of my command was in the highest degree satisfactory.

I am happy to report but few casualties in my command, nearly all of which occurred in the charge on the 19th, and of which a report has already been furnished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BULLOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Florida Regiment.

Captain JAMES BENAGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 404.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John J. Wade, Fifty-fourth Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my regiment took in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant, near Chickamauga Creek:

On the evening of the 18th, as we approached the creek from La Fayette the enemy was discovered in a large corn-field on the opposite side. Our battery was put in position, and the brigade formed in line of battle to the left on a rocky ridge. A brisk skirmish was kept up until after dark, in which a portion of General Gracie's brigade was engaged. My regiment was afterward moved down near the creek and put into position below Colonel Kelly's brigade, in order to support him in the event of an attack during the night.

On the morning of the 19th, at an early hour, I crossed the creek and rejoined the brigade, which I found forming in line on the north side and not far from the creek. After remaining in line for an hour or more, we were moved across a ridge in our front and a new line established, the left resting nearly on the creek. While there the enemy opened with a battery in our front and threw a few shells, which passed beyond my right an did some damage to the Sixth Florida. The brigade was next moved by the right flank nearly half a mile and a new line formed on the comb of the ridge parallel with the road, where we remained for several hours, during which time the heavy firing which began on our right had gradually approached our front, and about 12 m. the enemy opened on us with a battery located above the corn-field immediately in our front, and at intervals during the afternoon threw shell and shot all around us, without doing any damage to my regiment except a slight wound to the color bearer from a fragment of a shell.

About 3 p.m. we were ordered to engage the enemy, and Colonel Trigg advanced the brigade in line through the woods to the cornfield fence, on reaching which a volley was fired by the brigade, which drove the enemy from the cleared land in our front. In my

