
regiment an irregular fire was kept up for several minutes afterward, which prevented my order to advance from being heard, and when I crossed the fence I discovered that the Sixth Florida was a short distance in advance of my regiment. I hurried forward t close the line, and had crossed the open field under a most galling fire of the enemy, and was in the act crossing the second fence when I was met by General Robertson, of General Hodd's division, who said he had been sent to conduct the brigade into the fight, we were going wrong,a nd that our formation should be made on his (Texas) brigade, in the woods to the right of the field. Knowing that we were to be subject to General Hood's orders, I suffered my regiment to be conducted by him and moved by the right flank along the crossfence to the woods, where I remained until joined by the brigade commander and the rest of the brigade.

I lost in this movement 3 killed and 35 wounded, 1 mortally. Captain J. R. Hammet, of Company I, I regret to report, received here a dangerous wound, and was borne off the field. Three of the number reported wounded received their injuries by the fall of a tree, which was struck by a shell. We bivouacked that night in front on the battle-field and without fire.

On the morning of the 20th, we were formed in line in rear of General Hindman's left, and about 10 a.m. were double-quicked to the front to repel a flanking column of the enemy, but our moment had been anticipated and the enemy driven back before we reached the field. A heavy battery was nevertheless put into position and our brigade formed in its support. After remaining in this position a short time, we were moved up the Chattanooga road and formed in line in near of a battalion of artillery which was planted on the crest of the ridge to the left of the road. While here Colonel Trigg moved back with two regiment (the Seventh and First Florida) to resist and anticipated movement of the enemy's cavalry,and during the absence of our brigade commander an urgent order came for the brigade to advance. Colonel Finley, of the Sixth Florida, taking the command of the two remaining regiments (the Sixth Florida and Fifty-fourth Virginia Volunteers) moved rapidly toward some high wooded ridges on which the enemy had marched a most obstinate stand. We approached the woodland under fire of a battery on the ridge, and, moving up a spur of the ridge to the left of his battery, the two regiment charged up the slope in admirable order, driving the enemy before them. On reaching the top of the ridge, we were joined by Colonel Trigg and the other portion of our brigade, and finding that the enemy was concealed in the bushes on a ridge to our right, the brigade was wheeled and advanced up the side of the ridge until in full view of the enemy. Upon demand of surrender and after some delay, some 500 of them laid down their arms. It was now dark, and while Colonel Trigg was in the act of diving the prisoners between the Sixth Florida and my regiment for the purpose of taking them off the field, a party of the enemy who lay concealed in a short distance from my regiment poured a volley us, evidently with the intention of producing some confusion in order two effect the escape of the prisoners. Only 1 man was injured by this fire,and he was a mounted orderly of the brigade commander.

My regiment captured here four flags, which have been turned over with the names of the captors.

I lost on this day but 1 man killed and 7 wounded, besides the orderly, who was from my regiment.

