
Recapitulation: Killed on the 19th, 3; wounded on the 19th, 35. Killed on the 20th, 1; wounded on the 20th, 8. Total casualties on both days,47.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. J. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES BENAGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 405.

Report of Colonel John H. Kelly, Eighth Arkansas Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, PRESTON'S DIVISION, In the Field, fronting Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of the brigade under my command in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant:

The night of the 18th instant, I bivouacked with three regiments of the brigade (the Sixty-third Virginia, Major French commanding, having been detached the day before as a guard to the division ordnance train) on the right bank of the Chickamauga.

At daylight on the morning of the 19th, I was ordered to cross the Chickamauga at Dalton's Ford, and at about 8 o'clock I formed line of battle in a corn-field on the left of Brown's brigade, Stewart's division, and 300 yards in rear of Gracie's brigade, the Fifty-eighth North Caroline, Colonel J. B. Palmer commanding, forming the right; the Fifth Kentucky, Colonel H. Hawkins commanding, the left, and Sixty-fifth Georgia, Colonel Moore commanding, the center of my line. Here the brigades was subjected to a brisk cannonade from the enemy's batteries.

At about 11 o'clock I was ordered to move by the right flank about 400 yards, when I again formed line of battle and remained in position during the remainder of the night and day, being occasionally shelled. At this point the Sixty-third Virginia (less two companies detached as guard for division ordnance train) reported to the command at about 3 p.m.

At about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 20th instant, the brigade was moved by the left flank about 300 yards and posted on an eminence as a support to three batteries of Major Leyden's battalion of artillery. From this position I threw out four companies of skirmishers, in charge of Lieutenant Colonel Edmund Kirby, Fifty-eighth North Carolina. He moved to the front and left, and reported the enemy moving to the right.

At 1 o'clock I was ordered to leave the Sixty-fifth Georgia as a support to the above-named batteries,and move by the right flank and form line of battle 500 yards in rear of Gracie's brigade, and conform to its movements.

While the line of battle was in process of formation, I discovered that Gracie's brigade was moving by the right flank on the Chattanooga road. I therefore moved by the right flank 500 yards to the right of that road and parallel with it. After marching in this

