
in the field. During this temporary absence the enemy surrendered to Colonel Trigg. Immediately after the surrender a force, supposed to be of the enemy, opened a heavy fire, which created considerable confusion, in which a large number of the enemy were making off. Colonel H. Hawking, Fifth Kentucky, here captured 249 prisoners, including 2 colones, 1 lieutenant-colonel, and a number of company officers.

About this time, I rejoined the command, and turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, Fifty-fourth Virginia, to be taken to the rear, my prisoners, except the 3 field officers, who were sent to division headquarters in charge of one of my staff.

The night being far advance, I made arrangements to replenish my supply of ammunition, and went into bivouac on the hill which the brigade had so gallantly won.

It would not be proper for me to close this report without tendering my thanks to the numbers of my staff and the officers commanding the regiments for valuable assistance rendered in handling the troops, and bearing testimony to the gallant conduct of the officers and men composing the command. It was the first time that most of them had ever been under fire, yet they acted with the coolness and courage of veterans. Fighting against a superior force posted in an apparently impregnable position, they moved steadily forward, beat and captured the enemy, and slept in his "strong place."

When all did their duty so well it seems almost invidious to make particular mention of any one, yet I must be allowed to speak of the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Colonel E. Kirby, Fifty-eighth North Carolina; Captain C. H. Lynch, Sixty-third Virginia; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Connor, Major William Mynheir, and Adj. Thomas B. Cook, Fifth Kentucky, and especially Captain Joseph Desha, Fifth Kentucky, who, although painfully and severely wounded early in the action, remained at the head of his company until the enemy was defeated.

I took into the fight an aggregate of 852, and lost in killed and wounded 303; 26 in missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. KELLY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 406.

Report of Colonel R. H. Moore, Sixty-fifth Georgia Infantry.

SIR: Eight companies of my regiment, numbering 229 (effective total), lay in line of battle during the night of September 18, on the south bank of Chickamauga River.

At daylight on the morning of September 19, the regiment was ordered forward by Colonel Kelly, commanding brigade. It continuing to advance carefully until arrival in front of the enemy's works, where it was again halted and formed into line of battle, and remained so until about 3 p.m. Sunday, 20th. At that hour Kelly's brigade, with the exception of my regiment, being ordered into action, I was left to support Jeffress' battery, and the regiment remained in that position until about 10 o'clock at night, when I received an

