
order from General Buckner to take charge of and guard to the rear a number of Federal prisoners. Reporting with them to

Provost-Marshal Toule, I received an order to guard the prisoners to Atlanta.

During the two day's fight at Chickamauga my regiment was often subjected to the enemy's shells, wounding severely 3 and slightly 1.

Very respectfully,

R. H. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding,

Per JAMES M. GARTRELL,

Adjutant.

[Captain JOHN B. MAJOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 407.

Report of Colonel Hiram Hawking, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY, Near Chattanooga, October 20, 1863.

SIR: As directed, I submit the following as the operations of my command, on the 19th and 20th ultimo, in the battle of Chickamauga:

My position was on the left of your brigade, in line of battle ready for action on the 19th; frequently shelled during the day.

On the 20th, marched in my position in line over the battle-field some 3 miles (frequently under fire and in range of shell and canister from the enemy's guns), when we came up to the enemy in strong position on a range of hills. We were immediately ordered to charge. My men rushed forward, reserving their fire until within very short range, and, after a desperate struggle, drove the enemy before them, and crossed the ridge under a heavy cross-fire from the left and very severe direct and cross-fire the right, at least 80 yards in advance of the brigade, driving the enemy from my front, when the command on my left rallied, moved forward, and drove the enemy from my left. I then moved by the right flank and rejoined my brigade. The enemy, still firing on me from the right, soon with great fury assailed my front. I ordered my command forward, swinging a little to the right, and again drove the enemy and crossed the ridge some 40 paces in advance of the brigade, and nearly silenced the fire in my front, and was directing my fire to the right when part of Colonel Trigg's command passed to my left, covering part of my front. My ammunition being nearly exhausted, ordered my men to fall back and rejoin the brigade, and replenish their boxes with ammunition from dead and wounded, as far as practicable.

Colonel Palmer, having been moved from the right to the left, placed my command in center of the brigade, which was ordered forward by the colonel commanding. Changing direction to the right (it then being near dusk), moved but a short distance, when a line of battle was discovered 40 to 60 yards distant, who first announced that they were friends and then that they surrendered. Stealing this advantage, they treacherously fired upon us, killing and wounding several of my men and officers. Among the killed was Lieutenant Yates, a brave and gallant officer. The same volley shattered the leg of Captain Calvert, who since died.

My men recovering from the temporary surprise caused by the

