
treachery of the enemy, reformed, and, with fixed bayonets, advanced on the enemy, joined by Major French, then by Colonel Palmer, in conjunction with Colonel Trigg, and captured two regiments of the enemy, who surrendered to Colonel Trigg during Colonel Kelly's temporary absence. As the column commenced moving with the prisoners a volley was fired into our ranks, causing a good deal of confusion, it then being nightfall. Many of the prisoners scattered. Colonel Trigg's command moved off, leaving them. They would have made their escape had I not recaptured them (249, including 3 field officers). Moved them from the

battle-ground and turned them over to Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, except the 3 field officers, who were sent by Colonel Kelly to division headquarters.

My loss was 14 killed on the field, 75 wounded, 1 captured, and 1 missing.

Major Mynheir fell severely wounded while urging the men forward in making first charge.

Captain Joseph Desha was wounded early in the action (shot through the arm near the shoulder); remained on the field with his company until the enemy was ours.

Although this was the first time, with few exceptions, that my officers or men were under fire, they behaved with becoming gallantry and courage, never faltering when ordered forward.

Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Connor and Adjt. Thomas B. Cook displayed great gallantry and coolness, and deserve honorable mention.

My company officers and men, with few exceptions, seemed to vie with each other in deeds of gallantry.

Very respectfully,

H. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant MASTIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 408.

Report of Colonel John B. Palmer, Fifty-eighth North Carolina Infantry.

CAMP FIFTY-EIGHTH NORTH CAROLINA VOLS., Before Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with directions received from the colonel commanding brigade, I have the honor submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the actions of September 19 and 20:

On the 19th, this regiment, with the balance of the brigade, was held in reserve.

On the 20th, the Fifty-eighth North Carolina Volunteers, with he remainder of the brigade, was moved to a position in supporting distance of a battery protected by fortifications erected during the previous night, Lieutenant Colonel Edmund Kirby, of this regiment, being placed in command of the line of skirmishers thrown forward to watch the movements of the enemy.

At about 3 p.m. Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby rejoined the regiment with the skirmishers under his command, and the Fifty-eighth North

