
Carolina Volunteers, the Sixty-third Virginia,and the Fifth Kentucky, in the order name, moved to the front, and formed in line of battle, the left resting on the Chattanooga road, from which position they were soon after moved by the left flank to relieve General Anderson, then engaging the enemy.

The enemy occupied a range of ridges, from which they had repulsed several assaults made by our troops. The approach to these ridges was along spurs and through intervening depressions, all more or less wooded, but more open and exposed opposite the right of the brigade. The line being again formed, my regiment, which was on the right, moved with steadiness through this comparatively open space till my extreme right arrived within 10 or 12 left of the enemy. The line of the brigade formed with the line of the enemy an angle of perhaps 22 1/2, my right being at the angle.

Arrived at the position refereed to, a charge was about being made when direction were received from the Colonel commanding brigade to cease firing, with a statement that we were firing upon our friends. Having discovered that no friends were in advance, firing was resumed by the center and left (the right had not ceased its fire) and continued with vigor. A deadly fire was, and had been ever since we came within range, poured into our ranks by the fore. My major, the captain and 1 lieutenant of my left flanking company, 2 lieutenants in the center, and my adjutant had been wounded. My lieutenant-colonel and 2 company officers had been killed on my extreme right. Two-thirds of my right flanking company, which was exposed to a most galling cross-fire from the enemy on our right and in front, had been killed and wounded. A longer continuance in this position seemed beyond human endurance, and in spite of my most strenuous exertions, my right was forced back a short distance and sought shelter. I, however, succeeded without difficulty in reforming it and in again advancing it in perfect good order, when, ascertaining that no charge was being made, I caused the men to lie down and fire upon the enemy.

In the meantime, the left wing of my regiment had stood firm and continued to pour its fire into the foe. I desire to state here that the position against which the regiment under my command advanced was one of the very strongest occupied by the enemy during the battle of Chickamauga,and from which our troops had been at least twice repulsed before our arrival upon the field, and as we pressed forward we met and swept over the retreating and shattered regiments that had preceded us in the attack. My men moved with calmness and deliberation, and I am confident that had not the advance been checked by the report that we were firing upon our friends we would have swept the enemy from his position at our first charge.

Having remained for some time in the position I have last mentioned, I, by directions of the colonel commanding brigade, moved my regiment by the left flank, and taking my position on the left of the brigade we advanced at an angle of about 45 with our first position. This we did with colones, although our ammunition was nearly, and in some instance quite, exhausted. The regiments on my right being forced back out of sight, the charge was abandoned and my men sought protection behind trees, such of them as had any ammunition continuing to fire vigorously. A second line was formed and another charge attempted whit like results. Fancying soon after that the enemy had discontinued firing, I ordered my men to cease

