
of the old army, and educated at Lexington Military Institute, he was by birth and by education a soldier-a brave, generous, selfdenying soldier.

I desire to bear testimony to the gallant conduct of Lieutenants Terrett, Mastin, and McDaniel, of the staff of the colonel commanding.

My officers and men, with hardly an exception, performed their whole duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-eighth Regt. North Carolina Vols.

Captain JOHN B. MAJOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Kelly's Brigade.

No. 409.

Report of Major James M. French, Sixty-third Virginia Infantry.

CAMP SIXTY-THIRD VIRGINIA REGIMENT, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of September 19 and 20, on Chickamauga River, Ga.:

My regiment having been detached as a guard for the ordnance train, on the evening of the 19th, I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, leaving two companies back as a guard with the ordnance. I joined my brigade accordingly with eight companies, where we were held in reserve.

On the morning of the 20th,it was moved with the remainder of the brigade to a position in supporting distance of a battery, protected by fortifications thrown up the night previous.

At about 3 p.m. it was moved with the brigade to the front in the direction of Chattanooga and placed in line of battle, Fifty-eighth North Carolina on the right, Fifth Kentucky on the left,

Sixty-third Virginia Regiment occupying the center. It was soon afterward moved by the enemy. The enemy occupied a range of ridges, from which they had successfully repulsed several assaults made by our troops. The approach to the enemy's position was very difficult, owing to deep ravines and depressions partly covered with thick undergrowth. After emerging from this thicket my regiment moved steadily on under a heavy fire from the enemy until gaining the summit of the hill upon which the enemy was posted. When within 15 paces of the enemy, my regiment was halted and poured a deadly fire into his ranks. The enemy gave way before them. I was in the act of making a charge when I received information that they were our friends we were firing upon. My regiment was ordered to cease firing. This mistake gave the enemy time to rally, which he did, taking position on a ridge at an angle of about 25.

Just here I would state that a portion of the Fifty-eighth North Carolina, having been forced to fall back, left my right exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy. This fire was most terrific, which caused me to change my front a little, retaining the ground from

