
which we had driven the enemy. In this part of the engagement I lost several of my best officers and men killed and wounded.

An incessant fire was kept up until abut sundown, when the enemy ceased firing.

The fifty-eighth North Carolina, Fifth Kentucky, and my regiment advanced to within a short distance of the enemy, when they proposed to surrender and laid down their arms. When we arrived within about 40 yards of them, they retook their arms and pored a heavy fire into our ranks, which caused us to fall back a short distance to our position on the hill, from which place we continued to fire into them. Our ammunition being now almost exhausted, we supplied ourselves as far as possible from the boxes of the killed and wounded. We again advanced in conjunction with Colonel Trigg's brigade, when we succeeded in capturing 249 prisoners, including several field officers. The prisoners being secured and sent to the rear, we encamped upon the battle-ground.

I am pained to state that in this engagement I lost about one-third of the number engaged in killed and wounded.

The position we took and held was the same from which some of our troops had been twice repulsed.

The instanced of personal coolness, courage, and daring are too numerous to mention. Both officers and men did their whole duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. FRENCH,

Major, Commanding Sixty-third Virginia Regiment.

Captain JOHN B. MAJOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 410.

Report of Major A. Leyden, Ninth Georgia Artillery Battalion.

HDQRS. NINTH GEORGIA BATTALION ARTILLERY, Near Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following reported of the operations of the several batteries belonging and attached to my battalion during the battles of September 19 and 20, near Chickamauga River, Ga.:

On the 14th instant [ultimo], I received an order to detail a battery and order it to report to Colonel R. C. Trigg. I immediately ordered Captain T. M. Peoples, commanding Company D, of this battalion, to report until after the battles.

This battery was first engaged on Saturday evening with the enemy's batteries, and was subjected to a very severe enfilading fire of artillery as well as a direct fire from artillery and infantry in its front. Owing to the unfavorable position of the battery, which was stationed upon low ground, the cannoneers could not see the enemy's batteries. Our infantry was part of the time in front, consequently our fire was at random, firing with elevation enough not to injure our own troops. When our troops moved from the front of the battery it was near dark and the action ceased. What effect our fire had upon the enemy I have no means of knowing, but believe it prevented their advance at that point until our troops received support.

