
The casualties at that point were Junior First Lieutenant Thomas H. Loveless, severely wounded in thigh by a piece of shell; Private John Edmunson, slightly in thigh by a Minie ball; Private W. H. Suddarth, slightly in abdomen by a piece of shell, and 11 horses killed and disabled on Sunday,20th.

The Nottoway Artillery, of Virginia, Captain Jeffress, was attached to my battalion a short time before the battles, and operated with General Gracie's brigade, which formed part of the advance line the night before the battle.

On the morning of the 19th, he engaged one of the enemy's batteries for a short time; with what success is not known, as the enemy was behind fortifications. During the succeeding part of the engagement he had no opportunity of coming in contact with the enemy, having been left in charge of an important position. Fortunately Captain Jeffress suffered no casualties in men, and had only 2 horses disabled.

Captain A. M. Wolihin, commanding Company C, of this battalion, was attached to Colonel Kelly, commanding brigade, but was not engaged during the battle.

I am happy to report that all the officers and men, with but one exception (which will be reported in proper form), demeaned themselves with becoming bravery, and exhibited that skill, judgment, and soldierly qualities which the contingencies of the battle-field always exhibit and develop in good soldiers. I have no distinction to make, as all acted well their part.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. LEYDEN,

Major, Comdg. Ninth Georgia Artillery Battalion.

[Captain] J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Buckner's Corps.

No. 411.

Report of Major Samuel C. Williams, Reserve Corps Artillery Battalion.

HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' BATTALION, October 7, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late battle of Chickamauga:

I crossed the Chickamauga at Alexander's Bridge early on the morning of September 19th with my battalion, composed of Kolb's, Darden's, Baxter's and McCants' batteries, and arrived on the field just before the infantry became engaged. I was held as the reserve artillery of Buckner's corps, and was posted accordingly in rear of his line, where I remained for several hours. While at that place Baxter's battery was detached and ordered to report to

Brigadier-General Gracie, and remained under his orders until the close of the battle. McCants' battery was detached and ordered to report to Colonel Trigg.

About 2 p.m. I was ordered to take a position with my two re

29 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

