
maining batteries to check the enemy in case our infantry, which was then hotly engaging him in my front, should be driven in. I remained in this position about two hours, subjected to a very heavy fire of artillery from the enemy, without returning it, losing several men and horses killed and wounded. I was then removed to a position near the one I occupied in the morning. McCants' battery returned to me.

I remained here until 11 or 12 o'clock on the morning of the 20th, when I was moved forward and placed in several positions without engaging the enemy until about 4 or 5 p.m., when I was ordered to move up and open fire upon the enemy, who was crossing from his right to his left. I opened fire first with eight and then with eleven pieces, one piece having been disabled. The fire was kept up at intervals from half to three-quarters of an hour, with considerable effect on the enemy, his line being broken, and

Major-General Stewart having closed in across my front, I ceased firing. While in this position I was subjected to a fire from the enemy's artillery at about 900 yards until he was driven away by our fire.

The officers and men of my command behaved with great coolness, notwithstanding most of them had never been in an engagement before.

Accompanying this please find reports* of the several captains of my command, also a report of the casualties and losses sustained.

Respectfully submitted.

S. C. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding Battalion Artillery.

Captain J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Buckner's Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Abstract from report of guns engaged, ammunition expended, &amp;c., in Williams' battalion of artillery at the battle of Chickamauga, and bombardment of Chattanooga, September 19 and 20, and October 5, 1863.+

G u n s e n g a g e d.

Batteries.	 12-	 12-	 10-	 6-	 3-inch

 pounder	 pounder	 pounder	 pounder	 riffles.

 Blakely.	 howitzers	 Parrott.	 bronze.

Baxter's	 	 	 	 2	 2

Kolb's	 	 2

Jeffress'	 1 	 	 4

McCants'	 	 	 1

Total	 1	 2	 5	 2	 2

Casualties.

Batteries.	 Rounds of	 Men	 Men	 Horses	 Horses

 ammunitio	 killed.	 wounded.	 killed.	 wounded

 n	 	 	 	 .

 expended.

Baxter's	 13

Kolb's	 66 	 2	 1	 1	 3

Jeffress'	 67	 	 	 	 3

McCants'	 85	 	 1

Total	 231	 2	 2	 1	 6

REMARKS.-No guns exchanged on the field, nor any lost or abandoned in the battle. Not more than one-fourth of the projectiles fired exploded.

---------------

*Not found.

+Original signed by William Y. Johnston, adjutant.

---------------

