
No. 412.

Report of Brig. General Bushord R. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division.

HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, October 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the division under my command in the action of the Chickamauga:

At 5 a.m., September 18, four brigades and three batteries of artillery from Catoosa Station and vicinity of Ringgold, Ga., moved under my command with orders from headquarters Army of Tennessee to proceed, via Pleasant Grove Church, to Leet's Tan-yard. Law's brigade, under Colonel Sheffield, not having cooked its rations, was ordered to do so and follow as promptly as possible. Benning's brigade was left, in compliance with orders, to guard the depot at Ringgold. My command then consisted of the following brigades, which moved in the order in which they are named, viz: Johnson's, McNair's, Gregg's, and Robertson's, with batteries (Everett's, Culpeper's, and Bledsoe's) in the center, and trains in rear of their respective brigades.

The head of the column had not proceeded more than 3 miles on the road when a dispatch was received from Colonel Brent, headquarters Army of Tennessee, directing me with the forces under my command to retrace my steps to the vicinity of Ringgold and there to take the direct road to Reed's Bridge and to make a lodgment on the west bank of the Chickamauga, Forrest's cavalry covering the front and right flank of my column on its march from Ringgold. The command was promptly put on the new line of march, and soon after I received orders and the plan of operations by which I was directed as commander of the right column of the Army of Tennessee, to attack the enemy in my front in whatever force I might find them, and after crossing Reed's Brigade to turn to the left by the most practicable route and sweep up the Chickamauga toward Lee and Gordon's Mills, while Major-Generals Walker and Buckner, crossing at Alexander's Bridge and Thedford's Ford, were directed to join in my movement. The orders and plans of operation indicated that the attack on the enemy's left wing was expected to be initiated by the column under my command.

About 11 a.m., in compliance with orders previously received, I halted the column near Peeler's Mill, on the Graysville and La Fayette road, 4 1/2 miles from the former place. Captain Thompson, assistant chief of artillery of General Bragg's staff, reported to me at this point with orders to move forward immediately, and through him my arrival and the hour thereof was reported to headquarters Army of Tennessee.

Being informed by citizens that the enemy were about 1 mile in advance, I formed a line of battle along the La Fayette

road-McNair's, Johnson's, and Gregg's brigades in front, batteries in position, and Robertson's brigade in reserve. While forming the line Brigadier-General Forrest joined me with his escort, and proceeded to the front to develop the position of the enemy, and was soon skirmishing with them. Just as my line was formed Major Robertson came up from the direction of La Fayette, and reported to me with eight pieces of artillery. My line of skirmishers in front was now

