
Lee and Gordon's Mills. The whole Yankee army was in four front (mainly at Lee and Gordon's Mills), on our right flank and rear, while our army was still on the east side of the Chickamauga. My command was first to cross this stream,a nd none of our troops crossed at any point until our columns had swept the west bank in front of their respective pleases of crossing. One-third of our forces was required to remain awake during the night, and the rest slept upon their arms. Obstructions to cavalry were hastily placed in our front, skirmishers were thrown out to the field east of Vineyard's house, 150 yards in front of our left flank, and scouts were sent out nearly to the road to Lee and Gordon's Mills.

September 19, on making an examination of our position early in the morning, I discovered that our skirmishers were within 150 yards of General Preston's division, which had crossed the Chickamauga at Dalton's Ford during the night; that our line was in front and nearly perpendicular to his, and that most of our army had crossed at points lower down, placing our column near the left of our army. Major Robertson, with his eight pieces of artillery, was now detached from my command, and Robertson's brigade was united with the other brigades of Hood's division, under Brigadier-General Law, which had come up during the night, leaving three brigades under my command. These two divisions were placed under the command of Major-General Hood.

Our line of battle was formed about 7 a.m. in a curve around the crest of an elevation in the woods, about 1,000 yards east of the Chattanooga and Lee and Gordon's Milss road. My right brigade faced nearly west and my left brigade about southwest. In my division Johnson's brigade, commanded by Colonel John S. Fulton, of the

Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, was placed on the right, Gregg's brigade on the left, and McNair's brigade in reserve in rear of Gregg's brigade. Everett's battery was posted in position on the right of Johnson's brigade, and Bledsoe's First Missouri Battery on the right of Gregg's brigade. Captain Culpeper's three guns were held in reserve in rear of McNair's brigade. Law's division was posted on my right and Preston's on my left, a little retired, so that the left of the Fiftieth Tennessee Regiment, on the left of Gregg's brigade, was thrown back with a view to form a connection, which was never regularly made. The fighting commenced on the right of our army about half a mile northwest of the burned house, and Alexander's Bridge. The first was fired at 7.30 a.m.

About 2 p.m. the enemy in my front advanced and drove in my skirmishers. I ordered Bledsoe's and Everett's batteries to open fire, and Culpeper's battery was brought into action on the left of Gregg's brigade. These guns all fired in a direction bearing toward Vineyard's house, from which direction the attack seemed mainly to come. The right of Greeg's and the left of Johnson's brigades repulsed the attack in that vicinity, but the engagement still continued on the left of Greeg's brigade, where left regiments were suffering severely. The Fiftieth Tennessee Regiment lost 12 killed and 45 wounded before it moved from its position.

About 2.30 p.m., by direction of Major-General Hood-having instructed my artillery to move with the infantry and to come into action whenever opportunity permitted, particularly cautioning my command to preserve its connections, to wheel slowly, and to touch to the right-I ordered the division to advance and engaged the enemy. This movement did not extend to the division on my left.

