
neck. Having fallen from his horse the Yankees proceeded to take from his person his spurs and sword, when Robertson's brigade charged forward and recovered possession of him and his horse Brigadier-General Gregg deserves special commendation for his gallantry and activity on the field. The brigade which he commanded in an excellent one, and is commanded by a worthy and able officer.

Colonel Sugg, of the Fiftieth Tennessee Regiment, also merits particular notice for the manner in which he from time to time disposed his regiment and protected our flank, which was necessarily exposed in our advance, as the movement did not extend to the division on our left.

While these operations were going on my left brigade, the right one (Johnson's), with which the Forty-first Tennessee Regiment, under Lieutenant Colonel James D. Tillman, and the Third Tennessee Regiment, under Colonel C. H. Walker, of Gregg's brigade, preserved their connection, having advanced some 600 yards, received the fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry, and became hotly engaged. The enemy were posted upon rising ground. A battery swept our ranks with

grape-shot while their infantry delivered heavy volleys from

small-arms. The contest continued here nearly an hour, when the enemy, after a stubborn resistance, gradually retired to an open woods beyond the road from Chattanooga to Lee and Gordon's Mills. Approaching the road, a part of the brigade halted and poured its fire into the enemy's ranks, now in full view 200 yards in front' again advanced, crossed the road, and gained the cover of the woods on the left of the field in which the enemy's battery was posted, a clearing with inclosure intervening.

The Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, under Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Snowden, and part of the Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment now wheeled to the right, moved on the flank of the battery, gained the cover of a fence north of the clearing, poured into it a few volleys, charged,and captured the battery.

This was well and gallantly done, and Lieutenant-Colonel Snowden, with the officers and men under his command, deserve especial consideration for the manner in which the movement was accomplished.

The remainder of the brigade, save about one-third of the right regiment, now crossed the road. The Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, the left regiment, had moved about 200 yards beyond it, and the Third and Forty-first Tennessee Regiment, of Gregg's brigade, which had continued to move with Johnson's brigade, had advanced somewhat farther, when the enemy, marching by the flank, suddenly appeared on the left and rear of the last two regiments. Colonel Walker, of the Third Tennessee Regiment, on discovering this movement, faced his regiment by the rear and move back across the road, while Colonel Tillman hastened to communicate the knowledge of the movement to Colonel Fulton, commanding Johnson's brigade. The movement of the enemy down the Chattanooga road was so prompt that they penetrated our line on the left of Johnson's brigade, field off to the left, and fired a volley into its rear. This brigade now moved by one impulse to the right,and fell back to the east of the road from Chattanooga to Lee and Gordon's Mills, leaving 11 officers (including Major Davis, of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment), 60 men, and the captured battery in the hands of the enemy.

In the meantime, the Third and Forty-first Regiments Tennessee

