
gade; Everett's on the right of Johnson's brigade, and Bledsoe's on the right of the two regiments in the front line from Gregg's brigade. Hindman's division formed on my left and Stewart's on my right. Hood's division, commanded by Brigadier-General Law, formed in rear of my division, giving us a depth of three lines.

About 10 a.m. our skirmishers fell back under the advance of the enemy. My line promptly opened a steady fire with artillery and small-arms, which soon repulsed the attack. Ten minutes after 11 a.m. general advance was ordered, which, commencing somewhere on the right,included Hindman's division on the left. The enemy occupied the ground in our front along the road leading from Chattanooga to Lee and Gordon's Mills. Their line was formed along the fence at Brotherton's house, and they had a battery in the open field south of the house where Johnson's brigade had captured a battery on Saturday. The enemy also occupied two lines of breastworks made of rails and timber extending along my front and to the left of it in the woods west of Brotherton's farm. By order of Major-General Hodd, I moved my division forward and at once engaged the enemy. We advanced about 600 yards through the woods under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, which swept our ranks with terrific effect, and crossed the road to Lee and Gordon's Mills, the left brigades of my division passing on either side of Brotherton's house. Our charge was irresistible, and the Yankees who did not flee were killed and captured at the fences and

out-houses. Among the latter is especially mentioned Colonel F. A.

Bartleson, of the One hundredth Illinois Regiment, who was captured with many others by Johnson's brigade.

Everett's battery now took a position in a field south of Brotherton's house and opened to the front and left, firing about 6 rounds to the piece, and my line again moved forward under a heavy fire from the enemy's breastworks. The fire was so heavy that my right brigade faltered for a moment, and some of the men commenced falling back, but it was soon rallied and moving forward again. My whole line, Gregg's brigade in rear, supported by Hood's division, under Law, in a third line, swept forward with great force and rapidity and carried the breastworks, from which the fore precipitately retreated under a heavy fire, particularly directed to the left from my left brigade. Having advanced some distance in the woods west of Brotherton's farm to the foot of a small ascent, covered with a thick growth of young pines, my right brigade halted under the effect of a heavy fire, which was also severely damaging my second line. Colonel Sugg now pressed to the front three regiments of Gregg's brigade which had formed my second line, Johnson's brigade moving to the left at the same time, and again my line advanced rapidly on the enemy, driving them from the woods east of Dyer's house, McNair's brigade bearing to the right.

Our lines now emerged from the forest into open ground on the border of long, open fields, over which the enemy were retreating, under cover of several batteries, which were arranged along the crest of a ridge on our right and front, running up to the corner of a stubble-field, and of one battery on our left and front posted on an elevation in the edge of the woods, just at the corner of a field near a peach orchard and southwest of Dyer's house. The scene now presented was unspeakably grand. The resolute and impetuous charge the rush of our heavy columns sweeping out from the shadow and gloom of the forest into the open fields flooded with sunlight, the glitter of arms, the onward dash of artillery and mounted men, the

