
named, a 6-pounder smooth-bore and another piece (description not now know) and 7 caissons were captured. The wagons contained some quartermaster's property, but were mainly loaded with ammunition for artillery and infantry.

Two of General Rosecrans' escort and Captain Hescock, of the First Missouri (Federal) Light Artillery, Battery G, were captured on the side of ridge west of Vidito's house, where many other prisoners were picked up by our skirmishers.

My engagements were such at this period as to prevent me from looking after or estimating the number or value of articles captured. Many of the wagons were subsequently removed by other commands in rear of mine, and I now estimate the wagons captured at about 30, a few of which had teams attached.

Before making any disposition for a farther advance, I found it necessary to replenish our supply of ammunition,and consequently I ordered up a supply from the rear and distributed it to the most of the regiments of my command. Subsequently we drew our ammunition form the captured train. Lieutenant Black, of my staff, now brought up Dent's battery of Napoleon guns, of Hindman's division, which he found somewhere on our left, and placed three pieces on the ridge in the northwest corner of the field we occupied. No general or

re-enforcements having come up, and seeing no troops in my vicinity, my aides having been long absent in search of support. I became impatient at the delay. Giving orders that our position should be held at all hazards, I galloped off in person in search of support.

Having swung slightly to the right from our first position, the connection was broken on our left and I could see no troops in that direction. It subsequently appears that General Hindman's division gallantly drove back to the west and south the enemy's line in his front and on my left, inflicting a heavy loss on them and thus relieving us from danger in that direction.

Riding toward our right and rear some half a mile, I came upon Brigadier-General Kershaw, advancing with his brigade through the open field upon the eminence near to which we had captured the battery of 9 guns in our advance, and where I saw the United States flag now floating, the position having been reoccupied by the enemy. Here I learned that Major-General Hood had been wounded. Colonel Cunningham, of his staff, informed me that

Brigadier-General Kershaw's brigade was much needed to attack the position in its front, and I consequently had to seek farther for support. I sent Captain Blakemore, who joined me here, to find and bring up General McNair's brigade, and after riding some time I found on the road approaching my command Major-General Hindman and Brigadier-General Anderson, to whom my aide had communicated my necessities and wishes. Being informed that Brigadier-General Deas' brigade would move to support my left, and that General Anderson was then advancing to fill up the vacancy on my right, I returned to my command, and with a view to driving the enemy from my flank, directed Dent's battery to open fire to the rear of the eminence, about 600 yards to our right, on which I has seen the Untied Stated flag floating,a nd on which I left Kershaw's brigade advancing.

More than an hour had now been spent in this position, and I resolved to press forward my line even before support reached me. I therefore proceeded to form my line, facing to the north, along and

