
in continuation of the north end of the field, Gregg's brigade on the right and Johnson's brigade on the left, extending through the corn-field south of Vidito's house and to the Crawfish [Spring] road.

My line being formed, I was advised that the enemy occupied the ridge beyond Vidito's corn-field and west of the Crawfish [Spring] road, and it therefore became necessary to protect our left flank by skirmishers thrown out in that direction form Johnson's brigade. The advance commenced about the time Deas' brigade formed, facing to the west, on the ridge we had just left. I directed

Brigadier-General Deas to move his brigade directly to its front until his right flank should reach the position of my left, then to wheel to the right, sweeping the ridge west of the Crawfish [Spring] road, and come up and form on the left of my line of battle.

The crest of the spur of Missionary Ridge north of Vidito's extends east and west in its general direction but curves to the south about the middle. At the east and west ends of the crest are the most elevated points of the spur. On the slope north of the west end is Snodgrass' house, at which were the headquarters of Generals Rosecrans and Thomas during the latter part of the battle. Toward the south the slope from the crest is gradual for some distance in several places, and especially so at the west end, and terminates toward the cove in an abrupt, serrated declivity, presenting to our approach from the south several secondary spurs or knobs with intervening short ravines. Along the crest of this spur the last desperate struggle of the Northern Army was made at the battle of Chickamauga.

Gregg's and Johnson's brigades, followed by Dent's and Everett's batteries, advanced in line toward the north, the left passing over the wagons, caissons, and pieces of artillery near Vidito's house and reaching to the Crawfish [Spring] road. There were a number of wounded Federal at Vidito's house. The ladies of the family who had taken shelter from danger on Saturday and Sunday beneath the floor now burst forth and greeted our soldiers with clapping of hands and shouts of joy, presenting an impressive scene. The brow of the secondary spurs north of Vidito's house was gained without resistance by Gregg's and Johnson's brigades and by Anderson's, which had come up on our right during our advance.

The line was then halted, the alignment corrected, and the two regiments of Gregg's brigade, which were formed on the left of my line in the morning, now returned to their brigade. Four of Dent's Napoleon guns and Everett's battery of there guns were placed in position on the spur occupied by Johnson's brigade, and two pieces of Dent's battery were placed upon the hill with Gregg's brigade. There was now no support on the left of Johnson's brigade, though Deas' brigade was every moment expected there.

A few minutes before 2 p.m., after the artillery had opened fire, the order was given to advance from this position with a view of gaining the main crest of the ridge in our front, which was some 1,000 yards distant on our left, but much nearer on our right on account of its curvature to the south in the middle. The enemy opened fire upon our left before it advanced 100 yards. Our movement was, however, continued for a time until my left found a position in which it was enabled to hold the enemy in check; but the Federal moved up on our flank along a secondary spur which united at the elevation at the west end of the main ridge with that upon which Johnson's brigade was fighting, and this movement was held

