
thrown back to protect our flank, and in succession to the right were aligned Johnson's, McNair's, and Gragg's brigades. On my right Trigg's and Kelly's subsequently formed.

About 8 o'clock at night, abandoning all hopes of advancing farther, I rode away and searched until about 11 o'clock for the headquarters of the army, or the wing, with a view to making a report of my position. Failing in this attempt I returned to my command, worn out with the toils of the day.

The following morning revealed to us the fact that the enemy had left us in possession of the field. Details were now made to collect the spoils and bury the dead.

I ought here to mention the heroic efforts on the part of officers and men which came under my observation but for want of personal acquaintance with the parties I cannot do justice to all. I especially noticed the faithful toil and heroic conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, of the First Battalion of dismounted rifles, McNair's brigade, who conspicuous in his efforts to preserve our lines and encourage and press on our men. For hours he, with many other officers, faithfully and incessantly labored in this duty.

In this connection I must in justice mention Colonel J. S. Fulton, of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, commanding Johnson's brigade; Colonel R. H. Keelbe, of the Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment;

Lieutenant-Colonel Floyd and Captain Terry, of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Snowden and Acting Adjutant Greigg, of the Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment.

To Colonel Sugg I feel especially indebted for his gallant, able, and efficient services in commanding Gregg's brigade. He is a good and meritorious officer.

Colonel Walker and Lieutenant-Colonel Clack, of the Third Tennessee; Colonel Grace, of the Tenth Tennessee; Captain Curtis, of the Fiftieth Tennessee, and Captain Osburn, of the Forty-first Tennessee Regiment, all of Gregg's brigade, merit special commendation for their services in this protected struggle.

To the courage and fortitude of the men of this brigade, as well as to every other brigade which struggled with them in our last persistent efforts to drive the enemy from their final position, I trust the proper sense of gratitude will be awarded.

Colonel Coleman, commanding McNair's brigade, did gallant service and carried his command faithfully through all the varying fortunes of the field on the left to the very close of the fight. I regret that I am unable to specify more particularly the services of meritorious officers of this brigade.

I beg leave to call attention to the efficient use made of artillery in my command. My purpose, in accordance with preconceived notions, was to keep my artillery employed to the utmost practicable extent, in conjunction with my infantry, and my little experience on this battle-field only determines me on all like occasions to improve on my practice of this day.

I need add nothing more in acknowledgment of the services of Captain Dent and Lieutenant Everett, commanding batteries in my lines, or of the gallantry of the men under their commands.

I have to regret that no report has been furnished me by Captain Culpeper, commanding the batteries attached to McNair's brigade, and I also regret that neither this battery nor Bledsoe's (First Mis-

30 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

