HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, In the Field, Leet's Tan-yard, September 18, 1863-1 p.m.

Brig. General B. R. JOHNSON,Commanding Right Column:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will push on your column vigorously and engage the enemy regardless of the force in your front. The army is now waiting on your movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 413.

Report of Lieutenant George Marchbanks, C. S. Army, Assistant

Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S BRIGADE, Morristown, January 23, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to make the following statement relative to the part taken by Generals Manigault's and Deas' brigades in the engagement of Chickamauga, on the evening of September 20:

After our command had driven the enemy form and occupied the hill beyond the Vidito house, Deas' and Manigault's brigades were ordered up to re-enforce us. Your ordered them to sweep the hills to our left, and coming up to connect with our left. They filed up the hill to the left, and coming yap to connect with our left. They filed up the hill to the left of the Crawfish [Spring] road and halted. This was some 800 yards below the Vidito house. While they were thus halted, the enemy attacked our front and your ordered me to hasten these troops were not advanced immediately. I was sent back with the same instructions two or three times; but they did not come up to the field of action until our division had been engaged for some little time. They had scarcely gotten under fire until they began running back-one, two, and three together - until finally both brigades grave back in utter confusion, going principally on the road toward Crawfish Spring. Myself and other officers, however, succeeded in stopping them some 500 or 600 yards below the Vidito house, and forming them up a little ravine to their right. When formed I reported to you the fact. You told me to order them forward again. I delivered the order to General Deas. He replied that he and General Manigault had had a consultation, and that he or they thought that it would not be best to put these troops in the same place; "that they would not stand," or words to that effect. I reported this to you. Your ordered me to bring them to the hill which our division formerly occupied. When they arrived at this hill, the sun was nearly down and the firing had entirely or almost ceased. I do not think these two brigades were under fire over twenty minutes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. MARCHBANKS,

Lieutenant, C. S. Army, and Asst. Insp. General, Johnson's Brig.

Brig. General B. R. JOHNSON,

Commanding Buckner's Division.

