
well as those of Gregg's brigade, were driven in. A general engagement was now commenced on our left the left companies of the Seventeenth Tennessee participating by firing obliquely to the left. At this time Everett's battery was placed behind the extreme left of Seventeenth Tennessee, the fire of which drove the enemy back at this point.

Shortly after the command to move forward was given, the left regiment to touch to the right until we reached the road, when the right would move shortly, that the left my come up on the road, thus to change direction slightly to the right; but this order was not fully carried out. We did not advance exceeding 700 yards when the enemy opened fire upon us and we became hotly engaged. The enemy had planted a battery which struck about the center of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, and which opened upon our advancing lines, throwing in rapid succession grape and canister, and supported by infantry, whose fire of small-arms was heavy, welldirected, and disastrous.

The entire brigade now became hotly engaged (during this engagement Major Lowe, of the Twenty-third Tennessee, was wounded), which lasted nearly an hour, the enemy making a stubborn resistance, gradually retiring, he having advantage of both undergrowth and ground, but finally was driven across the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. The Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment, on approaching the road, was halted and opened fire on the enemy in its front, distant about 200 yards in a woodland. The undergrowth having been cut out, the enemy were in full view. The Forty-fourth Tennessee was still engaging the enemy. The Twenty-fifth and a portion of the Twenty-third Tennessee Regiments crossed the road (the other portion of the Twenty-third being with the Seventeenth Tennessee) and gained the cover of the woods and moved to the flank of the enemy's battery (still firing upon the right of our line) at right angles with my present line, gaining a fence, under which they opened fire. Delivering several volleys, [we] ceased firing, reloaded, and charged the battery, driving the enemy's gunners from their guns and killing several horses. The caissons were moved off by the enemy, leaving their pieces on the field. The Seventeenth Tennessee and the other portion of the Twenty-third Tennessee had crossed the road, having driven the enemy. The Seventeenth Tennessee here lost 1 officer killed, 2 officers and about 20 men wounded.

In this engagement the Forty-fourth Tennessee suffered heavily, sustaining a loss in killed and wounded.

A portion of Robertson's extreme left (Texas) and part of the Forty-fourth Tennessee had been driven back, but about two-thirds of the Forty-fourth Tennessee crossed the road.

Here Lieutenant-Colonel McEwen, jr., 5 company officers (Captain Jackson one of the number), and 50 men were wounded and 6 men killed, among the latter Sergt. T. A. Johnson, color bearer, one of the bravest of the brave. Lieutenant-Colonel McEwen, jr., however, remained with his command after he was wounded until obliged to retire from exhaustion.

Lieutenant-Colonel Tillman, of the Forty-first Tennessee, Gregg's brigade, rode up to met at this time, stating that the enemy was moving down the road to my left and would soon be in my rear. Doubting the report, I suggested that our lines were connected on our left and that a flank or rear movement could not, therefore, be made by the enemy. I, however, found that but two regiments of

