
ridge or bald hill was gained, the troops on our right having flanked and silenced the enemy's battery, which was captured. Everett's battery was immediately brought up, together with Dent's, which were opened upon the enemy's retreating wagon train, moving on the Chattanooga and Crawfish Spring road.

I sent forward skirmishers to reconnoiter the hollow beneath, where was found the enemy's telegraph running up the Chattanooga and Crawfish Spring road, several hundred yards to our right. This telegraph was cut down and several prisoners captured; among the prisoners a staff of Major-General Van Cleve and one of General Rosecrans' escort, with their horses and equipments. The effect of our batteries was fine, the enemy rapidly retreating.

A mounted officer was dispatched to the troops on our left (who had not kept pace with us) with a flag to show and direct them to our position. They had already opened one of their batteries upon our position, having taken us for the enemy. Their battery was playing upon us from the second hill on our left.

Having received orders to move to the follow beneath, we were changed direction to the right, which threw the line almost perpendicular to the former. This done I marched forward, entering a corn-field. Here we began to see the fruits of our rapid and continuous movements. There 12-pounder brass field pieces and three caissons were here captured, and nine 4-horse wagons, one of which, with 4 mules attached, was immediately sent to the rear. Three of these wagons were laden with ordnance, the others with commissary and quartermaster's stores. Some of the wagons were capsized, so utter was their confusion. I immediately found that my left flank was exposed and sent forward a heavy line of skirmishers to cover both my left flank and front, and advanced the brigade to the hill-side and there halted. I also sent forward a party to reconnoiter the front in advance of the line of skirmishers, who, after absence of an hour, reported the enemy about 1 1/2 miles distant and advancing.

In the meantime, I had learned of the enemy having skirmishers, or that occasional shots were fired from the hill on my left, running almost at right angles with the one on which I was then resting. I sent immediately a company of skirmishers to reconnoiter the hill. A few prisoners were brought in.

In the corner of the field below my present position was the Vidito house, where the enemy had practiced many outrages. The ladies were found lying under the floor of the house, and when they saw the enemy retreating and our line advancing they broke from their concealment, shouting and clapping their hands for joy.

A delay of an hour occurred while waiting the movement of some troops to our left, under orders from General B. R. Johnson. During this time, however, a portion of Dent's and Everett's batteries were placed in position in front of the brigade, and we replenished our cartridge boxes from the enemy's three wagons laden with ordnance, which had been captured here.

Between 1 and 2 p.m. I advanced to the top of the hill, when we were again upon the enemy, who opened a heavy fire upon us. Our batteries and small-arms here were engaging the enemy some fifteen minutes, when our line fell back some 15 paces under cover of the hill, Gregg's command on my right, giving back at the same time, this no doubt having started the backward movement. Just at this time the two brigades (Deas' and one other) were marching in line

