
of battle by the Vidito house to connect with our lines on the left, they changing direction to the right for this purpose. A general advance was ordered and our batteries opened simultaneously. The firing was heavy, and the enemy's massive columns were hurling against our wearied heroes. Again our line fell back. Two brigades now came up in our rear. One of these brigades moved in advance of us, and receiving the enemy's fire fell back behind us again.

My line was again ordered forward, the enemy being within 50 yards of the batteries and but one piece firing. Here commenced a most desperate struggle for the possession of this ground-Missionary Ridge.

The battle raged furiously and the tide of success wavered in the balance. Charge after charge was repulsed, only to rally and charge again. Again our line fell back, and the untiring, indomitable, and determined officers rallied again their fast thinning ranks and again moved forward. Here officers and men behaved most gallantly. Appeals to love of home and wounded comrades and the peril of the moment were made, and never did men rush forward more eager, daring, desperate,a nd defiant. The enemy's treble lines now began to show that our fire was terribly effective upon them.

Our cartridge boxes had been replenished as required, and still we were nearly out. Again more ammunition was supplied and the conflict continued hot and heavy. The enemy was now slowly giving back, hard pressed by our now shattered remnants. Another charge, with the yells of the men and cheers of the officers, and forward we pressed, only to discover the victory was ours and the enemy in full retreat.

This series of engagements lasted four long hours, during which Johnson's brigade won many laurels and an imperishable name. At this moment another brigade came up and was loudly cheered forward, but the enemy made no resistance. Our ammunition being (with but few exceptions) exhausted, the brigade halted and reformed, moved forward, about faced, marched back some distance, and formed on Manigault's line. Here we sent forward pickets to cover our front, and several prisoners were brought in.

The men rested on their arms during the night, having on this day won a victory, one of the most glorious of the war. In this engagement Everett's battery very effectively, being in the thickest of the fight. This evening he had 1 sergeant and 2 men wounded and 5 horses shot down by the enemy. During this engagement with the enemy this morning, while firing on the enemy's wagon train, he dismounted one piece of the enemy's artillery. He fired 428 rounds during the four days' fight. I commend the officers of this battery to favorable consideration for their fidelity and good conduct while under fire.

I have also to notice the services of Lieutenant Dent, commanding Robertson's battery, whose fire upon the enemy was incessant and effective, both officers and men behaving most coolly and gallantly during the day.

I have great pleasure in attesting to the gallant efficient conduct of the following officers: Lieutenant-Colonel McEwen, jr., commanding Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment (wounded);

Lieutenant-Colonel Snowden, commanding Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment; Colonel Keeble, commanding Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Ready, of Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment

