
One 2-horse spring ambulance; 70 dozen bandages; 2 pounds opium; and other medicines; 1 dozen sets splints.

Dr. Templeton is the hospital steward of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. S. FULTON,

Colonel, Commanding Johnson's Brigade.

Captain W. T. BLAKEMORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 415.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Watt W. Floyd, Seventeenth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, Chattanooga Valley, September 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventeenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers in the action of the 18th, 19th and 20th instant, near Chickamauga River, Ga.:

On the morning of the 18th, the brigade which you had the honor to command was put in line of march from Ringgold to the scene of action of the succeeding days. The brigade moved left in front, which placed my regiment in advance. On arriving at Ellison's Mill, the brigade halted and I was ordered to send forward a picket on the Reed's Bridge road. I took Captain McDonald and his company forward about 700 yards and placed them in position, and then went forward in company with Adjutant Fitzpatrick to make a reconnaissance.

On reaching the bank of Pea Vine Creek, some 300 yards in advance of my pickets, I discovered two Federal vedettes near a house about 150 yards from me. One of them fired and I returned to the brigade to report the facts. Soon after this 15 or 20 more Federal cavalry came up and charged my pickets, but they were repulsed with a loss of 3 killed and 1 mortally wounded.

After crossing Pea Vine Ridge my regiment was detached from the brigade by General Forrest's order, through you, and was carried about half a mile to the left to attack a force of Federals near their principal camp; but before we got in range the enemy fled. I then moved by the right flank to rejoin the brigade.

On reaching the road that led to the bridge, I learned that the brigade had crossed the bridge under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. I also had to cross under similar fire. Lieutenant Hastings, of Company A, was severely wounded by a solid shot from a 6-pounder gun near there. This was the only casualty in my regiment this day. Nothing further occurred worthy of mention this day.

The regiment entered the fight to-day with 27 officers and 222 enlisted men; aggregate, 249.

Saturday, September 19.-Early this morning we were put in position on the west side of the Chickamauga. The general direction of our line was north and south. My regiment occupied the left position

