
in Johnson's brigade, commanded by you. Gregg's brigade was immediately on my left.

Early in the morning I sent forward a reconnoitering party with instructions to advance until they found the enemy. The sergeant of the squad returned about 10 a.m. and reported the enemy in force about 1 1/4 miles in front of our line. About 1 o'clock the enemy's skirmishers drove mine back nearly to our line. At the same time the enemy drove in the skirmishers of the brigade on our left. A general engagement was now commenced on our left, the left companies of my regiment participating, firing obliquely to the left. At this time a battery was put in position behind the left of my regiment, which drove back the enemy in my front.

About 2 p.m. the command "forward" was given with instructions to keep closed to the right. We had not advanced far when my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy, and it seemed to be general all along the line. After advancing some 600 or 700 yards, we got under fire of the enemy's artillery. Our boys gave a shout and rushed madly forward. My regiment separated form the brigade on my left. We soon met the fire of the enemy's first line of infantry, but continued the charge until we reached the Chattanooga and Lee and Gordon's Mills road. Our course thus far had been nearly due west and through a very thick wood; the distance we had passed over about three-quarters of a mile. I saw no enemy up to this time, save the cavalry line of skirmishers that we encountered on our advance.

On reaching the road, I discovered the battery that had been firing on us posted in a field about 400 yards to my right and about 80 yards beyond the road, and his line of infantry about 200 yards in my front. The wood between my regiment and the enemy was open, the small growth having been cut away for fire-wood. I halted the regiment at the road, and opened a regular fire on the enemy. My men had kept up a running fire from the time we encountered the enemy's skirmishers.

While at this we received two rounds of grape from the Yankee battery, and the fire of small-arms was very heavy. I had 1 officer killed, 2 officers and about 20 men wounded at this place. The enemy soon gave way in our front. Another charge was made by the Seventeenth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiments of your brigade, under fire of the battery on our right, and a very heavy enfilading fire from a thick wood in rear of the battery.

After passing about 200 yards beyond the road, I halted my regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Snowden, of the Twenty-fifth, had wheeled his regiment to the right and gallantly attacked the battery above refereed to, and soon relieved us of its annoying fire. The enfilading fire from the wood at our right continued for some time. My regiment and the Twenty-third Tennessee kept up a brisk fire obliquely to the right we drove the enemy from the wood behind his battery. Shortly after we got to this position the Forty-first and Tenth Tennessee Regiments, of Gregg's brigade, came up and formed on my left. I thought at the time that the whole line on my left was up with us, as there was no firing near us in that direction.

We were now in sight of the enemy's second line. The firing had all ceased in our brigade. I had my regimental all in line and lying down. We had been in this position thirty minutes or more, when

