
5, wounded and missing 18, 7 our of the number having been detailed during the engagement to man a battery. Some of the wounded have since died, and some few of the slightest have again returned to duty in the regiment, though scarcely able.

My loss through the three days (Friday, Saturday, and Sunday) was 12 officers and 91 non-commissioned officers and privates; aggregate, 103.

Every member of the field and staff were struck. Lieutenant-Colonel Ready and Major Lowe nobly did their duty until wounded. Adjutant Gwyn rendered valuable services on this occasion, and Private Riddley (ex-captain), the soldier without bounty, displayed that extraordinary zeal valor which entitles him to the highest consideration. Second Sergt. J. J. Shelton, Company D, distinguished himself for his great coolness and readiness. Z. P. Lee, of Company C, and Aaron Todd, of Company H, privates, both displayed the highest of heroism by refusing to leave the field after they were wounded, but continued to battle on as long as they were able. Private J. D. Jeffries, color bearer, displayed the highest degree of courage and extraordinary degree of valor in the manner in which he bore the colors. Always far in advance, he would move if defiantly in the very face of the enemy. Lieutenant Vernon, of Company B, deserves especial mention for the manner in which he bore himself.

Most respectfully submitted.

R. H. KEEBLE,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-third Tennessee Regiment.

[Lieutenant] R. G. CROSS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 417.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Snowden, Twenty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, In the Field, near Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

SIR: On the 17th instant, my regiment was encamped, with the balance of Johnson's brigade, about 3 miles south of Ringgold, on the Ringgold and Dalton roads. Here we received orders to move at 2 p.m. to a new encampment nearer Ringgold. The brigades was put in motion about 3 p.m., the Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment in front.

On approaching Ringgold we met a large number of wagons in a complete state of rout, the drivers and officers in charge of the train reporting the enemy in Ringgold. My regiment being some distance in advance of the balance of the brigade, I pushed forward to Taylor's Ridge, and took position on the slope with a view to protect the retreat of the train, which was still passing. I threw out a company as skirmishers to an elevated position on my right flank. After getting my regiment into position some 400 or 500 yards from the depot in Ringgold, I proceeded to an elevation and discovered that the enemy had not reached Ringgold, but was forming line of battle about 2 miles northwest of the depot. I discovered their artillery being placed in position, and everything showed that they

