
necessary to send a stand of regimental colors to the rear to advise the advancing columns of our identity, which was done. So strong had this position been considered by the enemy, and so far in the rear of his expected scene of action, they had made it a depot for the personal baggage of the men for an extended line. The men of this brigade bountiful supplied themselves with
oil-cloths, blankets, and many other articles conducive to the soldiers' comfort and well-being.

Just as the line became complete, General Johnson informed us that a large wagon train was passing in our front on the Crawfish Spring road and that he would capture it. Having placed his artillery in position, we moved forward, changing direction to the right and bearing to the left, and after a rapid march of a few hundred yards through a corn-field, the rear of a wagon train came in sight, which had been routed and thrown into confusion by the action of our artillery. Here we passed over several pieces of cannon and many wagons heavily loaded with ordnance, including valuable artillery ammunition.

At this place we were welcomed by the rejoicing of a family, including several ladies, whose enthusiasm knew no bounds at again seeing those who represented a cause so near and dear to them. On inquiry I afterward learned the residence was inhabited by a family named Vidito, who informed me this was the foot of Missionary Ridge.

On reaching the summit of the first ridge, our artillery opened fire and developed the enemy on the opposite ridge advancing. After a short conflict we drove him from his first position in gallant style. A second time our artillery was advanced while we engaged him from his formed position, driving him slowly up a rising ground, which he contested with a stubbornness not before manifested in any previous engagement of the day. Our artillery again getting into position, the battle raged with an intense fierceness not equaled by any in the two day's fight. For hours the issue of the contest hung in equal balance. Again and again were their lines broken and rallied, ours in turn. Still were we driving him with imperceptible advantage.

In this desperate struggle we had a battery commanded by Lieutenant Dent, a most gallant and meritorious officer, with a company of men a not less so; also Everett's battery, temporarily attached to Johnson's brigade. With this armament of guns, Johnson's brigade with a part of the division, fought for four hours, and succeeded in driving from the strongest position of the ensanguined field of Chickamauga the concentrated Reserve Corps of the Yankee army, commanded by Gordon Granger, and followed him until farther pursuit was prevented by the darkness of night.

During this last engagement a stand of regimental colors, supposed to be the Tenth South Carolina, were recaptured by Adjt. A. R. Greigg, of my command.

I am proud of the conviction that no regiment could have acted with more gallantry than the Twenty-fifth Tennessee, and that it was second to none in contributing to the glorious result our arms achieved in the late engagement in North Georgia. My officers to a man did their whole duty, and never was there a time when the gallant bearing of officers did more to achieve a glorious victory.

It is only necessary to state here that my loss in killed and wounded was more than 50 per cent, of those carried into action. I had no stragglers and none taken prisoners.

