
For a list of killed and wounded, I refer you to Abstract A.* For a list of officers, non-commissioned officers, and men who particularly distinguished themselves for extraordinary skill and valor, see Abstract B.* For a list of capture, including prisoners, see Abstract C.* For a report of the effective strength carried into action each day, see Abstract D.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. SNOWDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant] R. G. GROSS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 418.

Report of Major G. M. Crawford, Forty-fourth Tennessee Infantry.

ON OUTPOST DUTY, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, September 28, 1863.

SIR: On Friday, September 18, the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment left Ringgold, Ga., and marched 3 miles to [Cherokee] Spring, where the enemy's pickets had been posted, but were driven in by some of our brigade. It was very soon ascertained that the enemy was not far distant, his number unknown. One company of the regiment was thrown out as skirmishers while the regiment halted near the springs. Very soon afterward General Forrest came up and took the left wing of the regiment and went forward in the direction of the enemy, perhaps to ascertain his locality. The rest of the regiment, in connection with the brigade, was soon ordered forward, and so eager were our troops and settled their determination for victory that the enemy was compelled to retreat about 5 miles that day. At night we encamped near the bloody field of the two succeeding days.

Saturday morning the regiment remained quiet, excepting some few changes of position. About 3 o'clock in the evening, however, the regiment was ordered, and a few moments found it contending with the enemy. Near two hours was the regiment engaged in a severe conflict with the enemy, exposed to such showers of Minie, grape, canister, and shell as is seldom experienced in the battles of modern times. The enemy was driven back from his hidden position some distance; but the brigades on the right and left having fallen back, leaving us exposed to an enfilading fire of the enemy, compelled the regiment (with the brigade) to fall back a short distance, which it did, and was very soon ready for a hot reception of the enemy. At this point, however, we remained during the night prepared for the enemy at a moment's warning.

Sunday morning (perhaps about 9 o'clock), after some skirmishing with our pickets, the regiment was ordered forward to meet the insolent invader. This order was promptly obeyed, and the Middle Tennessee gallantly pressed forward, wishing not only to clear Georgia's soil of the vandal hosts, but also hoping that a victory there and then would speed the time when their present blockaded pathway would be opened, when, if not permitted to see their homes, they could at least hear therefrom. The regiment advanced but a short distance before it was engaged with he enemy, which was very soon dislodged and compelled to flee for quarters. From here the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

