
regiment moved forward to the edge of an old field, where it was halted to see the result of a hot contest on our right.

During this time, however, skirmishers were sent forward, but no enemy found in our front. Again we were soon ordered to change direction to the right and then moved forward. This being performed, the regiment advanced about half a mile and halted a few moments, and then it was moved a few hundred yards farther and then halted on the brow of the hill. Here it rested until about 2 o'clock, I suppose, when the enemy was discovered in front moving by the right flank, parallel with our line of battle. Here the regiment engaged the enemy in one of the most severe conflicts perhaps of the day. This was an important place for the enemy, and they came forward doubtless determined and, as they thought, prepared to take it. The attack was furious, indeed, but was sternly met. Owing to the vastly superior force of the enemy, the contest became so severe and deadly that the regiment fell back 100 or 200 yards, where it made a stand. This time the Forty-fourth was held in reserve, and the brigade formed partly in front of the Forty-fourth. Another engagement soon opened by the enemy attempting to take a section of a battery we had planed there. The lines soon became engaged, and so fierce and dreadful was the conflict that the Forty-fourth was soon ordered forward to the relief of the front line and security of the battery. After the exchange of several furious volleys the enemy was driven back, their superior force and fresh troops to the contrary notwithstanding. After a contest of about four hours with this corps of fresh troops, nightfall came on and we were found in possession of the battle-field with no enemy to be seen but the killed and wounded.

The number of prisoners taken by the Forty-fourth is not known. Their skirmishers took a wagon laded with commissaries, &amp;c., and sent some or all of them to the rear. They also at the time and place took 2 or 3 cavalry.

Respectfully submitted.

G. M. CRAWFORD,

Major, Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment.

Lieutenant R. G. CROSS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 419.

Report of Lieutenant William S. Everett, Company E, Ninth Georgia Artillery Battalion.

SIR; I carried into the fight of September 19 and 20, three guns, my fourth gun having bee disabled on the night of the 17th, while attached to Colonel Scott's command, while pursuing the enemy from Ringgold, Ga., by the breaking of an axle-tree. The sergeant in command of the disabled piece having had it repaired, and not being able to find the battery, attached himself to Captain Lumsden's battery, and continued with him until he rejoined us on Monday.

I first became engaged with the enemy on Saturday evening, at the time your brigade was first brought into action, this being the only part we took in Saturday's fight. We sustained no loss in men and had 1 horse disabled.

On Sunday morning, the enemy's sharpshooters having advanced, we opened fire on them from the position in which we lay in line of

