
battle the previous night, firing 6 rounds to the piece. After this we moved forward with the brigade through a skirt of woods and took position on a ridge in open field, firing a number of rounds not known. Here we encountered a heavy cross-fire from the enemy's batteries and musketry.

Again moving forward, we came into position near Dyer's house, firing 1 round. We were here ordered to advance to a bald hill in rear of Vidito's house. Here my attention was called by General Johnson to the enemy's train of wagons, upon which I immediately opened fire, completely checking their movements through the gap and dismounting one piece of the enemy's artillery. Here we also encountered a cross-fire from a battery to our right. In consequence of the gap being thus blockaded, the enemy were forced to desert 20 or 30 wagons and several pieces of artillery, some of the latter being totally disabled.

At this point we took from the deserted artillery one 12-pounder Napoleon gun spiked, with its caisson, the limber and horses of the gun being run off by the enemy, and secreted in the woods in rear of the hill, and finally possession of by Major Leyden, commanding Ninth Georgia Artillery Battalion. This piece, by order of General Bragg, was subsequently turned over to Captain Lumsden, from whom it was captured the day before. The remainder of the spoils, excepting a few wagons, was taken possession of by General Hindman's chief of artillery, who refused to allow me to replenish my ammunition from the deserted caissons, alleging that they were captured by General Hindman's forces. This occurred on Monday morning.

From this point we moved forward to the hill in front of Vidito's house and took position without molestation. Our line, which continued to advance, was driven back to this position, when we opened upon them with canister and held our position during three successive charges of the enemy, using 34 rounds to the piece. Several horses being here disabled, one piece was left; the other two pieces were then forwarded several hundred yards, when we opened upon the enemy down a ravine with one piece, firing 3 rounds. Night here closing in upon us, and the enemy driven from the field, we retired to the rear for the night by your order.

The losses sustained in this day's fight were 3 men slightly wounded and 5 horses disabled.

Number of rounds fired during the two day's engagement was 428.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

W. S. EVERETT,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Battery E, Ninth Ga. Artillery Battalion.

Colonel FULTON,

Comdg. General Bushrod R. Johnson's Brigade.

No. 420.

Report of Colonel Cyrus A. Sugg, Fiftieth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Gregg's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS GREGG'S BRIGADE, Top of Missionary Ridge, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part

