
taken by Gregg's brigade in the actions of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday (18th, 19th, and 20th instant), while under my command:

Shortly after 5 o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday (19th), the brigade having the been hotly engaged for several hours, I was notified that General Gregg had been disabled by a severe wound in the neck, and had been borne from the field, and that the command, in consequence, devolved upon me. I accordingly reported to General Johnson for orders. The brigade having fallen back, defensive dispositions were made for the night by posting pickets in advance and constructing breastworks of logs.

At 7 o'clock the following morning (Sunday, 20th), I was ordered to take position in rear of McNair's and Johnson's brigade in reserve. About 11 a.m. the division being ordered forward, we advanced some 800 yards under a heavy fire, when the front line first wavered, then halted in considerable confusion. It soon rallied, but after advancing about 200 yards farther halted a second time in the face of a heavy force of the enemy, strongly posted behind breastworks of rails and fallen timber.

My command suffering greatly in its position in rear, I now proposed to General McNair to permit me to pass to the front. He consented and my command was ordered forward, and succeeded in dislodging the enemy from his position, though not without heavy loss.

Major C. W. Robertson, commanding Fiftieth Tennessee (Lieutenant-Colonel Beaumont having been killed the day before), was here severely wounded in the groin while gallantly leading his regiment. Up to this point all the fighting had taken place in thick cover. Steadily advancing, the brigade now emerged from the timber into a cleared field of considerable extent, gradually sloping down from the farther edge, where the enemy had posted a battery of eight guns. This battery I was ordered to flank, leaving it on my right. Across the open field the brigade charged unsupported on right flank and captured the guns. Four of these pieces (rifled guns of the Wiard pattern and 3-inch caliber), belonging to the First Missouri (Federal) Battery, are now appropriately in possession of the First Missouri (Bledsoe's) Battery, belonging to this brigade.

A thickly wooded ridge in rear of the captured battery, and commanding the position, was next point of attack. Ordered by General Johnson in person to take this position, the brigade advanced to the assault again without support on the right. The ridge was carried,and my battery, from the nature of the ground, being unable to keep up, the brigade was halted upon its crest and disposed in such form as to sweep with its fire the slopes and hollows on both sides of the ridge, and hold the position until the artillery could come to our support. So soon as the guns arrived they were placed in position to open fire upon an enemy's battery of five pieces covering the retreat of an ammunition train. In a few minutes the enemy's cannoneers abandoned their guns, the teamsters were seen cutting loose the horses from their traces, and the whole took to flight, leaving both battery and train in our possession. Later in the day the contents of the captured wagons served to replenish the exhausted boxes of the brigade.

Finding the position commanded by still another ridge in front, but bearing to the right, the brigade was ordered forward and the position in front taken, and a battery of four guns posted so as to secure its possession, while skirmishers were thrown out to ascertain the position and force of the enemy. He was found to be in heavy

