
No. 422.

Report of Lieutenant R. L. Wood, Bledsoe's (Missouri) battery.

OCTOBER 22, 1863.

SIR; I have the honor of reporting the proceedings of the battery under my command in the late battle of Chickamauga:

We went into the fight on Saturday, September 19, with the brigade, and held that position until ordered off by the brigade commander and were not engaged again that day.

On Sunday, the 20th, was not engaged.

The battery fired 125 rounds of ammunition, and lost 1 man in killed and 1 wounded.

R. L. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Bledsoe's Battery.

Colonel SUGG.

No. 423.

Report of Colonel David Coleman, Thirty-ninth North Carolina Infantry, commanding McNair's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS McNAIR'S BRIGADE, Camp near Ringgold, Ga., September 24, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to Brigadier-General Johnson's order of yesterday, I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the late battles:

Shortly before daylight on the 18th instant, this brigade (Brigadier General E. McNair), in company with that of Brig. General B. R. Johnson, who commanded the whole force, left Catoosa Station, on the Chickamauga River, and marched by way of Ringgold by the La Fayette road to the intersection of the Graysville and Reed's Bridge road. Here cannonading and sharp skirmishing being heard on the left, line of battle was formed, with Johnson's brigade on the right, and the force swept steadily in this order with skirmishers in front, across the country to the left, the enemy giving way with scarcely any resistance to the Reed's Bridge road near the bridge. Thence marched, hearing heavy musketry firing in front, to within 1 1/2 miles of Lee [and Gordon]'s Mills, on the Chattanooga and lee [and Gordon]'s Mills road, where it encamped in line for the night some time after dark.

On the 19th, just about 8 a.m., the battle having begun on the right, the brigade was placed in position in rear of Gregg's brigade, with the artillery-Captain Culpeper's three pieces. At 12 m. the Thirty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, Colonel Coleman, and Twenty-fifth Arkansas, Lieutenant-Colonel Hufstedler (Colonel Coleman commanding both regiments), were ordered to support General Gregg. Moved rapidly forward, and getting near Gregg's brigade (then under a terrific fire) charged impetuously loud cheers, passing over the left of Gregg's brigade, and drove the enemy in rapid flight through the thick woods, across the Chattanooga road, past the small house 100 yards on, and into the corn-

