
[CHAP. XLII.

and moved at a double-quick, sending Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard, Second South Carolina Regiment (my extreme left), to gain the enemy's right flank.

When within 100 yards of the enemy they broke, and I opened fire upon them along the whole line, but pursued them rapidly over the first line of hills to the foot of the second, when I halted under a heavy fire of artillery on the heights, sheltering the men as much as possible,and there awaited the coming of Humphreys, on my right. My Seventh South Carolina, Lieutenant-Colonel Bland, my right-center regiment, and Fifteenth South Carolina Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph F. Gist, had obliqued to the right. Colonel Henagan had pursued the enemy so far to the right that when Humphreys got up he occupied the interval between the Fifteenth and Eight Regiments.

Colonel Oates, Fifteenth Alabama, Law's brigade, came up on the right of the Seventh, and occupied the line between that and the Fifteenth and with those regiments, advanced without orders. I had sent to the right to direct that I should be informed when Humphreys arrived. Hearing the firing renewed on my right I advanced the left wing (Third South Carolina, James' battalion and Second South Carolina) and gained in some points the crest of the hill within a few yards of the enemy's lines.

After one of the most gallant struggles I have ever witnessed, especially on the part of the Third South Carolina and James' battalion, which occupied a position in front of the enemy's battery, I was compelled to fall back to a point about 250 yards back, where I determined to hold the enemy until re-enforcements arrived. The enemy soon advanced, but by a cool, deliberate fire were quickly repulsed. General Humphreys reported that he could make no farther advance on account of the heavy force of the enemy to his right. I directed him to make such disposition of his troops as would cover my right flank.

About 3 o'clock Brigadier-General Anderson's Mississippi brigade came to my support. I described to him the situation and suggested an attack on the right flank of the position of the enemy. He acquiesced in my view, and advanced his left preparatory to the movement, covering his front with skirmishers, who immediately became engaged, and drove in those of the enemy; but, raising a shout along their line, they advanced their line of battle at a charge, driving back Anderson's brigade in some confusion. With hearty cheers, the Second and Third South Carolina and James' battalion engaged with the utmost enthusiasm. Anderson's brigade promptly reformed and opened fire. His reserve regiment came up, and in ten minutes' time the enemy was driven pell-mell. The Second South Carolina and Anderson's brigade dashed after him and drove him to the top of the hill, the Second South Carolina reaching the crest. The troops to his left having fallen back to their former position, Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard says in his report "that he was obliged reluctantly to fall back." This was an attack on the right flank of the enemy, and the line was at an oblique angle to my line. All of my regiments, except the Second, though not participating in the direct attack, served to hold the enemy in position along that portion of the line, and were mostly engaged during the attack.

About 4 o'clock Gracie's and Kelly's brigades came up and reported to me. I directed them, the former to form on my rear and the latter to form on Gracie's left. General Hindman informed me

