
that he was about to attack on Anderson's left, well on the right flank of the enemy, with two brigades of infantry with artillery. Soon after he opened heavily in that direction, but sent me word the attack was likely to fail unless a demonstration was made along the front. I determined on an attack, combining all our forces; McNair's brigade, which had come up, on my right, Gracie's, Kelley's, Anderson's, my own, Eight, Fifteenth, and Second Regiments participating. The rest of my brigade, being in whole or in part out of ammunition remained in reserve at their position. This was one of the heaviest attacks of the war on a single point. The brigades went in in magnificent order. General Gracie, under my own eye, led his brigade, now for the first time under fire, most gallantly and efficiently, and for more than an hour and a half the struggle continued with unabated fury. It terminated at sunset, the Second South Carolina being among the last to retire.

At dark General Roberton, of Hood's division, came up with his brigade and picketed to my front. About 10 o'clock, I think, he informed me that the enemy had left. I immediately communicated the fact to the lieutenant-general commanding.

In the morning General Robertson withdrew, and I sent forward Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard to take possession of the enemy's hospital and to picket to the front. The day was spent in caring for the wounded, burying the dead, and collecting arms.

In the afternoon Major-General McLaws resumed command of the division. My brigade was marched a few miles that night toward Chattanooga, and next day drove in the enemy to their present lines, in conjunction with Wofford's brigade, my Eight South Caroline being chiefly engaged. But few men were lost in this affair.

During the first charge of the 20th my brigade captured nine pieces of artillery, three of which were taken by the Eight South Carolina, and some half dozen caissons, with ammunition. Most of these were taken before they could open fire.

My losses were heavy, as will be seen by reference to the accompanying detailed report. Among them are some of the most gallant and efficient officers and men of my command and choice spirits of Carolina chivalry.

Lieutenant Colonel Elbert Bland, Seventh South Carolina, fell at the head of his regiment in the first moment of our triumph. A few moments later Major John S. Hard, his successor, was instantly killed. The command then devolved on Captain E. J. Goggans. Captain J. M. Townsend, commanding James' battalion, was killed leading the charge upon the enemy's stronghold. Lieutenant-Colonel Hoole, Eight South Carolina Regiment, was killed in the early part of the action.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bland was recognized generally as an officer of rare ability. His power of command; his cool, dauntless courage and self-control in battle; his excellent judgment and disciplinary skill and ability in camp marked him as a man of a high order of military talent. His personal and social characteristics were equally noble and elevated. In him we have lost a champion worthy of our glorious cause.

Major John S. Hard was a gallant and accomplished officer, and has highly distinguished himself on every battle-field in which his regiment has been engaged.

Captain Townsend commanded his battalion on this occasion in such a manner as to elicit my commendation on the field before h

