
[CHAP. XLII.

fell, and would if he were living have been here mentioned with high distinction.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoole was an officer of much merit, but has been prevented by protracted illness from attaining that distinction he might have achieved with his gallant regiment. He was much beloved for his personal qualities, and his loss will be deeply deplored by his comrades.

For particular mention of other brave spirits who have fallen, I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders. My pride and satisfaction with the conduct of my entire brigade in the engagement could not be more complete. Officers and men each acted as if impressed with the feeling that the destinies of the country depended upon his own faithful, earnest, and intelligent discharge of duty. I shall not attempt to particularize.

The only member of my staff with me during the whole day was Captain C. R. Holmes, assistant adjutant-general. To him, as on all previous occasions of this character, I am greatly indebted for the most valuable and gallant services. He represented me on the right wing of my brigade.

I detailed Second Lieutenant H. L. Farley to act as aide-de-camp, and cannot too highly commend his gallantry, activity, and efficiency under the most trying circumstances. As an evidence of my appreciation I detailed him to accompany the captured flags to Richmond.

Lieutenant W. M. Dwight, assistant adjutant and inspector general, joined me in the afternoon, and aided me with his usual efficiency.

In the absence of horses for myself and staff, I detailed one man from each regiment as orderlies to communicate with the command. All of them rendered efficient service, and two (M. F. Milam, Company A, Third Carolina Regiment, and Rawlins Rivers, Company I, Second South Carolina Regiment) were killed in discharge of that duty. Rivers had attracted my notice by gallant and intelligent services in the same position at the battle of Fredericksburg.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Report of Casualties in Kershaw's brigade.

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total.

Officers.	 9	 38	 ---	 47

Enlisted men.	 56	 400	 1	 457

Total.	 65	 438	 1	 504

Number of prisoners taken by brigade .................. 346

Number of stands of arms............................... 1,014

