
Among the most seriously wounded were Lieutenants Pitts and Cunningham each of whom lost a leg by amputation. They are, therefore, unfortunately, lost to the service. Captains Richardson and Swygert and Lieutenant Johnson were severely wounded. Captain Todd, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Ajdt. Y. J. Pope were also severely wounded. Other officers were slightly wounded, whose names will appear on the accompanying list of casualties.

After Adjutant Pope was wounded, I detailed Lieutenant John W. Watts to act in his place. He and Sergt. Major E. M. Hix were of great assistance, and discharged the duties of their offices with entire satisfaction to me.

The conduct of officers and men generally was praiseworthy and highly creditable.

I am glad to be able to report that all of my dead were well buried, and the unfortunate wounded were conveyed to the infirmaries, where they received proper attention.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. NANCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 426.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin G. Humphreys, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the action of September 20:

The brigade arrived on the battle-field at Alexander's Brigade at 2 a.m. on the 20th, from Virginia.

About 10 o'clock General Kershaw ordered me into line of battle on his left. Heavy firing was heard in our front, when we advanced in line parallel to the La Fayette road. Crossing the road we found the enemy on a hill at the edge of an old field. General Kershaw at once engaged him and drove him from his position. At this time General Bushrod R. Johnson rode up to me and requested me to move my brigade to General Kershaw's right, as the enemy massing in that direction and threatening a flank movement. I immediately moved to General Kershaw's right and met the enemy in force, drove in his skirmishers, and found him intrenched on a hill with artillery. After engaging him and reconnoitering his position, I found it impossible to drive him from it. I immediately informed General Longstreet of the enemy's position and strength, and received orders from him to hold my position without advancing, while he sent a division to attack him on the right and left. The attack on my left was first made with doubtful success; the attack on my right was successful, driving the enemy from his position in great confusion. It was now dark and no farther pursuit was made. I refer you to the accompanying list of casualties.*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

