
[CHAP. XLII.

The brigade captured during the day over 400 prisoners, 5 stand of colors, and 1,200 small-arms.

On the 22nd, learning that a party of the enemy was on the mountain near the gap at Rossville, I detached 30 men from the Eighteenth Regiment, under the command of Captain Ratliff, of Company A, and Lieutenant Ottenburg of Company K, to skirmish for them. They succeeded in capturing 9 officers and 120 men, making a total of prisoners captured by the brigade, 37 officers and 535 men.

The individual cases of gallantry and daring among the officers and men were numerous, and where all behaved so well it is unnecessary to particularize.

I cannot conclude this report without paying a tribute of admiration to the bearing and dauntless courage of Brigadier-General Kershaw and his brave Palmetto boys, who have so long and so often fought side by side with the Mississippi troops. The gallant and heroic daring with which they met the shock of battle and irresistibly drove back the Federal hosts merits the highest encomium and lasting gratitude of the army and the country.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

BENJ. G. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major] JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 427.

Report of Brigadier General Jerome B. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,In the Field, near Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to respectfully submit my report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of the 19th and 20th September. My duties in the field have precluded me from submitting my report at an earlier period.

After having remained in line of battle from daybreak until nearly 3 p.m., I was ordered to take position on the left of Colonel Sheffield, commanding Law's brigade (General Law bening in command of the division.) This placed me on the extreme left of our line. On receiving the order to advance and attack the enemy, I was directed to keep closed on Law's brigade. I had not advanced more than 200 yards until the enemy was reported appearing on my left and endangering my left flank. Colonel Manning, commanding Third Arkansas, my left regiment, was ordered to change front with two companies and meet them, I believing at the moment that it was a small force sent to make a diversion by threatening my flank.

Before these dispositions were completed, my line had passed the crest of the hill and I discovered the enemy in heavy force on my left, and they opened a heavy fire upon me. I sent a staff officer to inform General Law of it. He sent me orders to change front and meet them. This made it necessary for me to change my front forward on left battalion, which was done promptly under a heavy fire.

