
[CHAP. XLII.

and drove the enemy from it. After holding the hill a few moments, pouring a destructive fire into his fleeing columns in my front a fire was opened on both my right and left flanks. This fire I believe came from our own men in the rear of my flanks-the same that I had asked to advance with me-but before I could stop it my line had been thrown into confusion, and I found it necessary to fall back to reform. As I fell back, and just as I reached the timber, observing Major-General Hood, I rode up to him to get orders, but just as I was on the point of addressing him he was wounded and carried from the field. Believing that I could not retake and hold the position on the hill alone, and having failed to ge the co-operation of the only forces in reach, I formed my brigade in the timber and awaited orders. On reporting to General Law, I was ordered to form on the left of the division and throw up temporary works in my front.

In the aforesaid charge I lost some of my best officers-among them Lieutenants Bookman and Killingsworth of the Fourth Texas, Captain Billingsly, of the Fourth Texas; Lieutenant Stratman, of the Fifth Texas, and Lieutenant Worthington, of the Third Arkansas.

Late in the evening I was moved to the position of General Preston, where I relieved General Kershaw, and bivouacked for the night.

In closing my report, justice requires that I should express my indebtedness to my personal staff for their promptness and assistance.

Lieutenant Kerr, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Scott, aide-de-camp, were active and efficient, and rendered me valuable assistance. To Major Hamilton, my commissary I am indebted for valuable aid and assistance on the field. In the battle of the 19th he was slightly wounded.

I herewith submit the reports of the regimental commanders.

My list* of casualties is heavy, and affords a better test of the conduct of both officers and men than any remark of mine could give. It is herewith submitted.

I am, captain, very truly,

J. B. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. R. TERRELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hood's Division.

Numbers 428.

Report of Colonel Van H. Manning, Third Arkansas Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

September 26, 1863.

SIR: At 3.30 in the evening of the 19th instant, I was ordered to move my regiment (then formed in line of battle on the left of the brigade) to the front. I advanced about 300 yards, when the enemy made his appearance so far to my left as to necessitate a change of my front so suit the direction from which he was observed to be ad-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

