
vancing. From this point we opened fire and continued our advance, pressing him back for about 600 yards. When we had gone this distance, Brigadier-General Benning's command came to our support and I withdrew to reform my regiment, and thus ended our part in the first day's battle. We were fighting only about one hour, but had a number, remarkably large, killed and wounded during this time.

On the following day, about 12 m., with the same position in line with the brigade as the preceding day, we were advanced immediately in rear of another line of troops. The distance and speed with which we were required to move before engaging the enemy, together with the annoyance and confusion consequent upon our moving so close in rear of other troops, threw us into battle under serious disadvantages. The fatigue of the men and the deranged condition of the line are some of the prominent evils invariably and unavoidably experienced under the above circumstances. We engaged the enemy but a few minutes before the entire line gave way under the apprehension that our position was being turned by a flanking party of the enemy. Before the work of reforming was over another line of our troops advanced over the ground thus given up and the necessity of our returning to the fight was obviated.

The general bearing of the command was highly creditable.

I have before this furnished a list of my killed and wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

VAN H. MANNING,

Colonel, Commanding Third Arkansas Regiment.

Lieutenant KERR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Robertson's Brigade.

Numbers 429.

Report of Captain R. J. Harding, First Texas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TEXAS REGIMENT,September 26, 1863.

SIR: The regiment moved forward about 3.30 p.m., throwing out Company I as skirmishers. After advancing about 200 yards, a report came from the commander of the skirmishers that the enemy were advancing on our left flank. The regiment was immediately marched by the left flank to meet their advance. We found them posted in large numbers in a ravine covered by thick undergrowth. We immediately charged them, killing a colonel and driving them across a field which was a few hundred yards in advance. The regiment advanced to a road, name not known, where we lay for some time under a heavy fire of grape and canister from a battery about 200 yards in advance. Seeing that we were about to be flanked right and left, we fell back to the ravine under cover of a hill in the rear of the road occupied by the regiment. We remained there until withdrawn for the night.

September 20, the regiment moved forward in line of battle about noon through a wood into a field, the enemy throwing both shells and grape upon us from a battery on an elevated position. After entering the field we changed front forward on first battalion, directing our march upon a wooded hill occupied by the enemy. Advanc-

33 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

