
[CHAP. XLII.

ing at a quick time we drove the enemy from his position to another hill in front of the one from which he had been driven. At this point we received a very destructive fire from some regiment not known, but supposed to be friends, on our left and to the rear. The regiment then fell back across the field and formed in the edge of the woods, where we constructed a breastwork of logs and rails and remained until 5 p.m. WE then advanced and took a position on a hill in front and to the left of the one which we charged and took in the morning. After throwing out skirmishers we remained there through the night.

Respectfully submitted.

R. J. HARDING,

Captain, Commanding First Texas.

[Lieutenant KERR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 430.

Report of Captain James T. Hunter, Fourth Texas Infantry.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

September 28, 1863.

SIR: During the absence of my seniors in command the duty devolves upon me of making a report of the part enacted by the Fourth Texas Regiment on Saturday and Sunday, September 19 and 20, therefore I have the honor to respectfully submit the following:

At 3.30 p.m. on the evening of the 19th the brigade was ordered forward, we occupying our natural position in line of battle. WE had advanced but a short distance when we met quite a number of men returning (command not known.)*. Soon after a sharp fire commenced on the left of the brigade and extended down the line to the right. Up to the time we met this line our progress had not been impeded except by a line of skirmishers up in fine style and met grape and canister. The regiment moved up in fine style and met and charged the enemy gallantly, driving them from their position. They then took refuge behind a house, some fencing, trees, &amp;c. Here a desperate struggle ensued, and here it was that Colonel Bane, while gallantly discharging his duties, received a wound which compelled him to leave the field. The command consequently devolved upon Captain Bassett. Here, too, fell the gallant Lieutenants Bookmand and Killingsworth; also Ed. Francis, our color sergeant, and many brave and gallant men. In driving the enemy from this position the fighting was desperate. As many as two individual hand-to-hand engagements with the bayonet occurred. In taking this position we forced them to desert a battery that occupied a position in front of the left of the regiment, but by this time, our line becoming deranged, we fell back some 200 yards in the timber, reformed the regiment, moved up, and held position a short distance in front of the house, until recalled by order about sunset.

On the following day, about noon, we again moved forward in the same position in line we had occupied the day previous. We moved immediately in rear of another line, and consequently had gone a

---------------

*Note on original: Bushrod Johnson's.-E. M. [LAW].

---------------

