
considerable distance before we received a heavy fire, except from the enemy's batteries. On arriving at a field about 1 mile from where the advance commenced, the enemy appeared on our right flank. This made it essential that our direction should be changed This was done on the move by making a wheel to the right. We moved direct against their position, which was a very strong one, they occupying an eminence covered with heavy timber. On our gaining the height they deserted it. After holding the position a short time the line on our left gave way, crying out "they were flanked", and consequently we fell back across the field and reformed in the timber. In recrossing this field the gallant and highly esteemed Captain Joseph C. Billingsley fell. Several other gallant men fell in this fight, and a number of men and officers were wounded.

After our line was reformed, a temporary breastwork was constructed. We were here exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, and here it was that Captain Bassett, who had ably and gallantly commanded the regiment since the wounding of Colonel Bane, received a severe wound by a fragment of shell, which deprived us of his services. This closes the operations of the regiment in the two days' fight.

I cannot close without adding my testimony to the gallant bearing of both men and officers. With a few exceptions their conduct has never been surpassed on any of the many field on which they have been engaged.

A full list of casualties has already been furnished.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES T. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Texas Regiment.

Lieutenant KERR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 431.

Report of Captain T. T. Clay, Fifth Texas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH TEXAS REGIMENT,On Battle-field, September 21, 1863.

SIR: Major J. C. Rogers and Captain J. S. Cleveland having been wounded in the actions of the 19th and 20th instant, the former upon the first day and the latter upon the last day, the duty devolves upon me, therefore, to make the report of the part taken by the Fifth Texas Regiment in the late engagement. I have the honor, therefore, to submit the following:

At 3 p.m. Saturday, the Fifth Texas Regiment, under the command of Major Rogers, being in line of battle, was ordered forward through a thick wood on a side hill, and just before we struck the flat some of our men were struck down by the shells of the enemy; but we pressed forward, and on the edge of the wood bordering the road to Chattanooga we encountered the enemy in force. They delivered but one volley and fell back across the road. The regiment pressed them and urged them into a field, across which they fled. The enemy up to this time were in possession of this entire field; but where the Fifth Texas engaged them the woods extended much

