
precipitately. About 300 yards farther on we crossed the Chattanooga road, and on entering a thicket beyond we were hid for a time from rest of the brigade, and here an order came from our right to fall back, and Captain Cleveland, supposing it was a general order, commanded us to fall back, and the regiment dropped back about 100 yards; but failing to see that our left had done so, he halted us, and had just got us in line when an order came from General Robertson for the regiment to press forward. The regiment soon pressed forward, and by the time we had entered the field beyond the road before mentioned the balance of the brigade, assisted by a portion of the Fifth, had run over and captured a battery on our left. WE were advancing rapidly across this field to rejoin our brigade when we received a fire into our right flank, the enemy being in the woods to our right. The regiment immediately made a right half-wheel and fired a volley, which proved so fatal that they scattered and fled.

Captain Cleveland taking the flag and a portion of the regiment, moved off and joined the brigade, and just as he reached the woods upon the heights the brigade commenced to fall back, recrossing the field, and in doing so this gallant officer received a severe wound in the fleshy part of the thigh. When Captain Cleveland moved off to join the brigade he left me and some 25 or 30 officers and men to hold in check the enemy that were then making their appearance in this quarter. This we did, and at the same time drove a body from their breastworks near by, causing them to set fire to them and [also to] their knapsacks.

We here took several prisoners and three pieces of artillery. The artillery we held until the Eight South Carolina came up and a brigade was brought up by General Law, when we were ordered to join our brigade on the left. I was then put in command of the regiment, and we were shortly moved to the right, where we were held until nearly night, when we were carried forward to the left, and our brigade took possession of the heights, relieving General Kershaw's brigade, the enemy in the meantime evacuating the field.

We had 1 officer killed and 7 wounded, 12 non-commissioned officers and and privates killed, 80 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded, and 12 missing; making our total loss in killed, wounded, and missing 112; a list of which has already been furnished.

T. T. CLAY,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Texas Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN W. KERR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 432.

Report of Brigadier General Henry L. Benning, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BENNING'S BRIGADE,October 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battles of the 19th and 20th ultimo on the Chickamauga.

At about 3 p.m. of the 19th, I was ordered to advance and sup-

