
onstration. The enemy followed a short distance, but not far enough to retake the artillery and for some time kept up with us at long range a desultory fire. Finally they disappeared.

The artillery taken consisted of seven or eight pieces. According to my count there were eight-four brass and four iron pieces. Some of the officers thought that the iron pieces were only three. A flag was also taken with the guns.

The brigade, reduced as it was to a handful by the fight of the day before, again suffered heavily. Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, commanding Seventeenth Georgia, fell mortally wounded while acting in a most heroic manner.

On the previous day 4 field officers had been wounded, 1 I fear mortally-Lieutenant-Colonel Seago, Twentieth Georgia. The other 3 were Colonel Du Bose, of the Fifteenth Georgia; Lieutenant-Colonel Shepherd, commanding Second Georgia, and Captain McC. Lewis, acting major of Second Georgia. Many other officers of the line fell killed or wounded in one fight or the other.

Lieutenant Heman H. Perry, brigade inspector and acting adjutant, had his horse shot under him. Owen T

-----

, one of my couriers, had two horses shot under him. Joseph D. Bethune, another, had his horse shot under him and was at the same time himself wounded. The remaining courier (S. Sligh) was knocked from his horse by a piece of shell, which, however, only bruised him. Hardly a man or officer escaped without a touch of his person or clothes.

Colonel Waddell, of the Twentieth; Major Shannon, of the Fifteenth, and Major Charlton, of the Second Georgia, the only field officers leg, set a shining example to their men, as did those that were wounded.

A list of the casualties had already been forwarded; also a tabular statement of the strength of the brigade on each day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. BENNING,

[Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.]

Captain L. R. TERRELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 433.

Report of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 30, 1863.

COLONEL: Having been called upon to report the operations of my command during and incident upon the battle of Chickamauga, I have the honor to make the following statement of facts in order simply to designate the position of the command. I cannot, in justice to the officers and men, make a full official report until the reports of subordinate commanders have been received. I trust, however, this statement will answer until a full report can be prepared:

On August 27, my command, consisting of Wharton's and Martin's divisions and Roddey's brigade, was stationed as follows:

