
[CHAP. XLII.

Estes' regiment, of Wharton's division, picketing the Tennessee River from Bridgeport to Guntersville; Wade's regiment, Martin's division, from Guntersville to Decatur, and detachments from Roddey's brigade from Decatur to the mouth of Bear Creek. The main body of Wharton's division was stationed near Rome, Ga.; of Martin's division near Alexandria, Ala., and of Roddey's brigade near Tuscumbia, Ala. Two regiments of the corps were on detached duty with General Pillow.

On the 27th, General Martin's command, numbering about 1,200 men, was ordered to Trenton, and General Wharton's to the vicinity of Chattanooga.

On the 29th, the enemy crossed the Tennessee River in force, driving back the pickets of Colonel Estes' regiment. About 500 men of General Martin's division, under Lieutenant-Colonel Mauldin, moved up Will's Valley, and were placed on picket duty below Chattanooga

It now became evident that the enemy were moving two divisions of cavalry and MCCook's corps of infantry over Sand Mountain and into Will's Valley by the Caperton road. I was ordered to take post in Broomtown Valley for the purpose of picketing the passes of Lookout Mountain. General Martin, with about 1,200 men, guarded the passes from the Tennessee River to Neal's Gap, and General Wharton from Neal's Gap to Gadsden. These commands kept the enemy continually observed and full reports concerning him were several times each day sent to army headquarters. Several columns of the enemy's cavalry were pushed over the mountain, all of which were successfully driven back.

On September 12, McCook's corps of infantry and Stanley's corps of cavalry moved over the mountain at Alpine, and after a severe fight our cavalry (under Colonel Avery, a most gallant and discreet officer) was compelled to fall back.

Skirmishing continued nearly every day until the 17th, when I was ordered to move into McLemore's Cove by Dug and Catlett's Gaps and attack the enemy in order to make demonstration in that direction. We fought for some hours, driving the enemy for some distance, but finally developed a force too large to be dislodged.

On the following day we moved to Owens' Ford, on Chickamauga River, leaving heavy pickets at all the gaps of the mountain as far as Gadsden.

About 2 p.m. I learned the enemy's cavalry were moving up McLemore's Cove. I moved across the river and warmly assailed their flank, dividing the column and driving the enemy in confusion in both directions.

During the night I received orders to guard well all the passes of the mountain and all the fords of the river down to General Longstreet's left flank, and to attack the enemy at every opportunity which presented itself. This order was complied with, and the remainder of my force was concentrated at Glass' Mill. A considerable force of the enemy with artillery were deployed on the opposite bank and warm skirmishing commenced. As soon as arrangements could be made I dismounted all my available force, crossed, and warmly assailed the enemy, hoping that we might draw troops from the center and thus create a diversion. After a short fight the enemy wavered. We charged him and drove a largely superior force fully 2 miles to Crawfish Spring, killing and wounding large numbers and taking 35 officers and men prisoners, besides the wounded. We

