
were successful in creating the diversion as the enemy thought our advance a heavy flank movement and re-enforced this point heavily. The enemy, in his accounts of the battle, states that General Longstreet flanked him at this point at the hour we made the attack.

At this time I received orders to move my available force to Lee and Gordon's Mills and attack the enemy. We arrived at that place about 3 p.m., crossed the river, and vigorously assailed him. After a short time he commenced retreating in confusion. We followed as rapidly as possible, capturing about 1,000 prisoners, 20 wagons, and a large amount of arms and ordnance stores. About dark we also captured five large hospitals, with a considerable supply of medicines, camp equipage, and a great number of wounded prisoners, besides over 100 surgeons. The pursuit was continued till two hours after nightfall, when we retired to feed our horses.

Early on the morning of the 21st, I detached two regiments, pursuant to orders, to pick up stragglers and arms. About 9 a.m. I received orders from General Longstreet to send a force of cavalry to find the enemy's position. At the same time I received orders from General Bragg, through Colonel McKinstry, to save the captured property. To accomplish both these objects I detailed 500 of my best mounted men under Colonel Anderson to comply with General Longstreet's order, with full instructions to report every hour to that officer. As previously stated, two regiments were already at work collecting stragglers and arms, leaving with me but about 1,700 men.

Just at this time I received information from my pickets at Owens' Ford that the enemy, in large force, was driving back our cavalry from that point. It was also reported that the enemy had a large train of wagons with him. At the same time I observed a heavy dust in Chattanooga Valley, which appeared to indicate a movement from Chattanooga along the foot of Lookout Mountain toward McLemore's Cove. For the purpose of succoring the command reported at Owens' Ford, I immediately moved over to Chattanooga Valley, and drove back toward Chattanooga the force which was marching from that place. I then left the Eight Texas Rangers and my escort to hold the enemy in check, while with the balance of the command I moved up toward McLemore's Cove.

After marching about 5 miles, we met a large force of cavalry, which, seeing the dust of our approach, had deployed a considerable force in a strong position. I immediately deployed two regiments and commenced skirmishing. Finding their position strong, I detached a squadron to turn their right flank. This caused the enemy to waver, when we charged in line and also in column on the road, driving him in confusion. The enemy attempted to form a new line with his reserves several times, but we met him with such force as to disperse him each time, driving him before us. WE continued the charge several miles, capturing, killing, or dispersing nearly the entire command, said to number about 2,000 men. We secured immediately upon the road only about 400. We also captured 18 and of colors and secured their entire train, numbering about 90 wagons, loaded with valuable baggage. Many of the men who escaped to the adjoining woods were picked up on the following morning, and only 75 men, half of whom were dismounted, succeeded in joining the Federal army. WE also captured a number of arms. The wagons and mules were turned over to the chief quartermaster. Army of Tennessee.

