
[CHAP. XLII.

On the following morning, pursuant to orders, we pressed on to within 1 1/4 miles of Chattanooga, driving the enemy's cavalry behind his infantry. We remained in this position until night, when, pursuant to orders, I proceeded toward Trenton, preparatory to crossing the Tennessee River. After one day's march I received orders to return and sweep up Lookout Mountain to Point Lookout. The order was received at 2 p.m, and I immediately started with an advance guard of 200 men, ordering the command to follow.

On arriving at Summertown at dark, I found one regiment of the enemy behind strong barricades. I dismounted my men to feel their position and charged their flanks, driving them for some distance. In this hasty retreat they left several guns, knapsacks overcoats, and cooking utensils; also their supper, already cooked. By this time I learned that my command had been stopped and ordered to Chickamauga Station. I, however, with my small command (which number 105 dismounted men) pressed the enemy off the mountain. After surveying the enemy's works and reporting fully his position to the commanding general, I proceeded to Chickamauga Station, where I received orders to cross the Tennessee River about Chattanooga. During the night, however, I received orders to move toward Charleston to support General Forrest, who was moving upon the enemy in that direction.*

* * * * * * * * * *

The results of the operations of the cavalry under my command during the battle of Chickamauga were, first, guarding the left flank of the army for a distance of 90 miles during and for twenty days preceding the battle of Chickamauga, during which time it continually observed and skirmished with the enemy, repelling and developing all his diversions. During the battle, with the available force (which never exceeded 2,000 men) not on other duty (such as guarding the flanks), we fought the enemy vigorously and successfully, killing and wounding large numbers, and capturing 2,000 prisoners, 100 wagons and teams, a large amount of other property, and 18 stand of colors, all of which were turned over to the proper authorities.

To Generals Wharton and Martin, commanding divisions and Colonels Wheeler, Morgan, Crews, and Harrison, commanding brigades, I tender my thanks for their zeal, energy, and gallantry during the engagement.

* * * * * * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 434.

Report of Brigadier General William T. Martin, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIVISION.

La Fayette, September 8, 1863-4.45 a.m.

GENERAL: The enemy at dark yesterday had pushed my pickets from the western face of Lookout [Mountain] to the gap this side.

---------------

*For part here omitted, see Wheeler and Roddey's raid, p. 722.

---------------

