
They are there now in McLemore's Cove. The infantry can climb the western faces of Lookout and Pigeon Mountains at thousands of points, and thus can flank my pickets. The force on the mountain, Major Thompson says, is large, and is composed of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. It is possible the enemy may this morning enter McLemore's Cove and my pickets be forced to fall back to Pigeon Ridge out of the cove.

There are three gaps on this ridge, to wit, Blue Bird, Dug, and Catlett's Gap. All could be used by artillery. I have obstructed them and will defend them, but I cannot if the enemy come on in force, hold them, as infantry can get up in hundreds of places. I have sent a dispatch to Colonel Brent. You have never directed me as to my route if forced from this road. I will, if not otherwise ordered, fall back and guard the gaps on Taylor's Ridge, now in my rear-Gordon's, Matlock's, and Calhoun's. Williams' is a good point from which to throw out pickets. If my pickets begin to fall back from the eastern face of Lookout [Mountain], I will notify the commanding officer at Resaca. I cannot prevent the enemy's moving out of McLemore's Cove upon this road if he comes in force. He can move out around the mountain, exteriorly of Pigeon Mountain, 14 miles north of this place. My wagons are at Taylor's Ridge. I had nothing from General Wheeler to-night. General Forrest passed down by Mount Hickory, a few miles east of you, last evening.

Respectfully,

MARTIN,

General.

General WHEELER.

Numbers 435.

Report of Brigadier General Nathan B. Forrest,* C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY COMMAND,Dalton, Ga., October 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command during the action at Chickamauga Creek on the 19th and 20th ultimo; also a brief statement of its movements and engagements prior and subsequent to the battle of Chickamauga, accompanying it with the reports of Brigadier-General Pegram, commanding division, and Colonel J. S. Scott, commanding brigade. No report from Brigadier-General Armstrong, commanding First Division of the corps, has been received. A report is also due from Brigadier-General Davidson, who commanded a brigade of General Pegram's division during the battle of Chickamauga. The report of both officers would no doubt have been furnished but for movements in East Tennessee, and afterward under General Wheeler in Middle Tennessee, which gave no time or opportunity to make them out.

On the 9th, I was ordered to established my headquarters at Dalton and my command was located and disposed of as follows: Colonel Hodge's brigade was sent on the Cleveland and Dalton road to meet the enemy, then reported at Athens, Tenn., and advancing; Colonel Scott's brigade was ordered to Ringgold, Ga., to watch the

---------------

*See resolution of thanks by Confederate Congress to General Forrest, &amp;c., Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part I, p. 295.

---------------

