
The conduct of Major John Rawle, chief of artillery, and the officers and men of this battery on this occasion deserves special mention. They kept up a constant and destructive fire upon the enemy until they were within 50 yards of the guns, getting off the field with all their pieces, notwithstanding the loss of horses. They were gallantly protected by Colonel Dibrell in retiring, who fell back with the line of infantry. We had no further engagement with the enemy during the evening. General Armstrong having been relieved by General Polk, arrived with his brigade, and took command of his division, forming it, and with Pegram's division, holding the road to Reed's Bridge, which had been repaired during the day.

On Sunday morning, the 20th I received orders to move up and keep in line with General Breskinridge's division, which I did, dismounting all of General Armstrong's division, except the First Tennessee Regiment and McDonald's battalion, holding General Pegram's division, in reserve on my right. The two commands of General Armstrong's division which were mounted took possession of the La Fayette road, capturing the enemy's hospitals and quite a number of prisoners. They were compelled to fall back, as the enemy's reserves under General Granger, advanced on that road. Colonel Dibrell fought on foot with the infantry during the day. As General Granger approached, by shelling his command and maneuvering my troops, he was detained nearly two hours, and prevented from joining the main force until late in the evening, and then at double-quick, under a heavy fire from Freeman's battery and a section of Napoleon guns borrowed from General Breckinridge.

After Granger's column had vacated the road in front of me, I moved my dismounted men rapidly forward and took possession of the road from the Federal hospital to the woods on the left, through which infantry was advancing and fighting. My artillery was ordered forward, but before it could reach the road and be placed in position a charge was made by the enemy, the infantry line retreating in confusion and leaving me without support, but held the ground long enough to get my artillery back to the position, from which we had shelled Granger's column, and opened upon the advancing column with fourteen pieces of artillery, driving them back, and terminating on the right flank the battle of Chickamauga. This fire was a short range, in open ground, and was to the enemy very destructive, killing 2 colonels and many other officers and privates.

It is with pride and pleasure that I mention the gallant conduct of the officers and men of my command. General Armstrong's division fought almost entirely on foot, always up and frequently in advance of the infantry.

My command was kept on the field during the night of the 20th and men and horses suffered greatly for want of water. The men were without rations, and the horses had only received a partial feed once during the two days' engagement.

On Monday morning, I moved forward on the La Fayette road toward Chattanooga, capturing many prisoners and arms. The later were collected as far as practicable and sent to the rear, using for that purpose several wagons and ambulances captured from the retreating enemy or abandoned and left by them.

On taking possession of Mission Ridge, 1 mile or thereabouts from Rossville, we found the enemy fortifying the gap; dismounted Colonel Dibrell's regiment, under command of Captain McGinnis, and attacked them, but found the force too large to dislodge them. On

