
[CHAP. XLII.

the arrival of my artillery opened on and fought them for several hours, but could not move them.

We held possession of the ridge during the night, and on Tuesday moved down from Mission Ridge into the Chattanooga Valley, driving the enemy into their works, and on the La Fayette road advancing beyond Watkins' farm, and holding position there until the arrival of Kershaw's brigade. My command was kept in line of battle during the night my left, under Colonel Dibrell, resting at the base of Lookout Mountain, and my right at Silvey's Ford, on the Tennessee River.

On Wednesday (23rd), with McDonald's battalion, I gained the point of Lookout Mountain. My command, being gradually relieved by infantry, was ordered to the rear, and went into camp at and near Bird's Mill, with orders issued to cook up rations and shoe the horses as rapidly as possible.

On Friday morning (the 25th), I received orders to move with my entire command to meet the forces of Burnside, reported at or near Harrison, which order was immediately obeyed. Having proceeded as far as Chickamauga Station, a second courier overtook me with an order to proceed, via Cleveland, to Charleston, and disperse the enemy at that place, and, if necessary, to cross the Hiwassee River. I reached Cleveland that night and went on to Charleston the next morning; found the enemy on the opposite side of the river. Moved up my artillery, and after a sharp cannonading drove them off and threw my cavalry across the river. From prisoners captured we found the force opposite to Charleston and retreating was a brigade of mounted infantry commanded by Colonel Byrd.

Learning also that Wolford's Federal cavalry was encamped at Cedar Springs, 3 miles from Athens, it was deemed necessary to follow, which was done rapidly, fighting them repeatedly and driving them before us. Their last stand was made at Philadelphia where Wolford's brigade was put to flight by the advance of Armstrong's division under Colonel Dibrell. Receiving orders to return at once, I withdrew my command back to Charleston, ordering General Davidson, with his division, and General Armstrong, with his brigade, to report to General Wheeler, at Cotton Port Ferry.

Our loss in the expedition to East Tennessee was 4 men wounded and 2 captured. We killed and wounded about 20 of the enemy and sent 120 prisoners to Dalton.

In closing this report, I desire to pay a just tribute to my officers and men for their gallantry and uncomplaining endurance of all the fatigues and dangers incident to the movements and engagements set forth in this report. The charges by Armstrong's division (while fighting on foot) in the battle of Chickamauga would be creditable to the best drilled infantry.

The officers of my staff have, as on many previous occasions, discharged all duties with promptness and fidelity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

P. S.-As soon as official reports can be obtained from General Armstrong's and General Davidson's divisions, they will be forwarded. At present our losses cannot be ascertained.

