
[CHAP. XLII.

nooga. As they went in that direction I am of the opinion their army is moving on Chattanooga. I will report again to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 437.

Report of Brigadier General John Pegram, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Chickamauga Station, September 24, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the recent combats of my command with the enemy:

The first of these occurred near Graysville on the 10th instant, when, being out on a reconnaissance with the Sixth Georgia Cavalry (Colonel Hart), it was reported the enemy had thrown himself between Colonel Scott and myself. Deeming the opening of the communication with Scott most important, I ordered Colonel Hart to charge the enemy with two companies of his regiment. This he most gallantly did, and brought out 59 prisoners (being the skirmishers of Palmer's division) from within sight of the masses of the enemy.

The second engagement with the enemy was on the 12th instant, near Leet's Tan-yard, where we fought for two hours Wilder's Lightning Brigade of mounted infantry. My force engaged in this fight was the Sixth Georgia and Rucker's Legion. It would be impossible to pay too high a tribute to the daring gallantry of my small force in this unequal conflict with the picked brigade of General Crittenden's corps. For a time the fight was almost literally hand to hand. I was forced back only about 400 yards, which point I held during the night.

My loss in this fight was about 50 killed and wounded, numbering some of my most valuable young officers. A correct list of killed and wounded will be forwarded.

Our next meeting with the foe was on Saturday, the 19th instant, on the memorable field of the Chickamauga. Brigadier-General Davidson, having reported for duty, was assigned to the command of my old brigade. He was ordered to take position near Reed's Saw-Mill. Before reaching it he met and drove before him the enemy's pickets, capturing some few of them. Soon after this skirmish, while General Forrest and I were in front examining the road, General Davidson was attacked suddenly upon his left. Hurrying back, I found it somewhat difficult, aided by General D[avidson] and all my staff officers, to get the command in a proper position to repel the fierce attacks of the enemy's infantry. All the available force was, however, soon well posted under the general direction of General Forrest. It became at once apparent to all that we were fighting overpowering numbers. General Forrest having sent several messengers for the infantry to come up, finally went for them himself, ordering me to hold the position until their arrival. In obeying this

