
order our loss was about one-fourth of the command, including several officers. Nearly every colonel of the brigade had a horse shot under him.

Although the highest praise is due to all the gallant men engaged in this (for cavalry) remarkable fight, I must not omit mentioning particularly Colonel Goode, of the Tenth Confederate Cavalry, whose horse was shot, and Captain Arnold, commanding Sixteenth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, who was badly wounded.

Our next engagement with the enemy was with Colonel Minty's brigade of mounted infantry, being a part of the rear guard of General Rosecrans' army. After driving his skirmishers for a mile, we found him strongly posted on Mississippi Ridge. We drove him from one fine position, but were unable to dislodge him from the summit from which, however, he retired during the night. In holding the ground gained, my command was subjected to a heavy fire of canister at 300 yards range.

Both General Davidson and Colonel Scott lost several men, among whom, I regret to say, was the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Fain, of the Sixth Georgia [Cavalry], badly wounded. The steadfastness with which both brigades bore this artillery fire was admirable in the extreme, especially as evincing the discipline of the men.

General Davidson again met the enemy on the 22nd, on the Chattanooga and Hiwassee road. With a part of his brigade he attacked and routed the Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry, took a number of prisoners, arms, &amp;c., and was prevented from capturing the regiment entire only by a mistake of one of his own regiments, which fired upon the portion headed by himself.

It will be observed my report is confined to the operations of the brigade lately commanded by myself. This is because the other brigades of the division have, in the exigencies of the service been separated from me.

For Colonel Scott's operations, I refer you to his report, herewith inclosed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers PEGRAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Forrest's Cavalry Corps.

P. S.-General Davidson will furnish you, at the earliest moment, a complete list of the casualties and captured property.

Numbers 438.

Reports of Colonel S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SCOTT'S BRIGADE,Foot of Missionary Ridge, September 22, 1863.

GENERAL: After leaving you to-day, I advanced toward this road, meeting the enemy near this place. I fought them, killing and wounding some 30 or 40, and taking 8 prisoners, 2 of whom are commissioned officers. I drove them back to within 1 miles of Chatta-

34 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

