
IN THE FIELD,

September 20, 1863-7 a. m.

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I am this instant in receipt of my first communication [following] from General Hill, who informs me that he will not be ready to move for an hour or more, because his troops are receiving rations and because his wagons were lost last night. The attack will be made as soon as he is prepared for it.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 20, [1863.]

[Lieutenant-General POLK:]

GENERAL: I could find no courier at Alexander's Bridge, and therefore could not find you. My divisions are getting their rations and will not be ready to move for an hour or more. Breckinridge's wagons seem to have got lost between Thedford's Ford and this place. It will be well for you to examine the line from one end to the other before starting. Brigadier-General Jackson is running from east to west. My line is from north to south. General Cleburne reports that the Yankees were felling trees all night, and consequently now occupy a position too strong to be taken by assault. What shall be done when this point is reached?

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, September 21, 1863.

[Lieutenant-General POLK:]

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you will at daylight tomorrow send a division from your command on the Chickamauga Station road, to press upon the enemy and drive him as far as possible. Cavalry will be upon your flank to protect it. The general is advised that large numbers of arms and munitions of war are scattered throughout the country in front. He desires every effort shall be made to collect and save them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Mission Mills, September 21, 1863-12 [p.] m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: The division will be sent as ordered. In consequence of the number of roads in this vicinity, I respectfully ask more definite information as to which is the Chickamauga Station road.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

