
[CHAP. XLII.

nooga, taking their first line of rifle-pits. I succeeded in getting also about 50 stand of fire-arms.

After taking their rifle-pits, General Pegram came up, and not knowing that General Davidson would be up to my support, ordered me back to this place. The general has since then come up, and is now near me on my right.

What is most singular to say, all of the Yankees killed or taken prisoners had canteens of mean whisky that was issued to them to-day to get up a little Dutch courage.

Being, general, in the position of the

-----

, I would most willingly receive and obey and orders issued by you.

There has been considerable excitement in Chattanooga this evening the river to-morrow morning. The enemy used no artillery at all this evening.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major General B. F. CHEATHAM,

Commanding Division.

[P. S.]-If you have no especial use for my tow companies that you picked up this morning, please send them to me, as I think they will be of more use to me than you.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,September 22, [1863.]

Colonel Scott and General Davidson were ordered by me to cross the ridge to my right and sweep down the valley toward Chattanooga and extend their lines from the ridge to the river.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SCOTT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Chickamauga, September 24, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Pegram, I herewith forward my report of the operations of this brigade during the recent active operations of the army.

After covering the evacuation of East Tennessee and removing all stores on the lines of railroad as far as Ringgold, Ga., I reported to General Pegram, on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road.

On the 11th instant, under orders from General Forrest, I proceeded to Ringgold, where I encountered the advance of the enemy (General Crittenden's corps), and after a sharp skirmish fell back toward Dalton to a strong position, which I held for two hours. Forced from it, I retreated slowly on to Tunnel Hill, fighting the enemy at every available point until night, when re-enforcements from the command of General Forrest, who had been present during the day directing the movements, arrived.

The next morning the enemy retired, and following them I skirmished heavily with their rear on the 12th and 13th instant, as far as La Fayette road, near Leet's Tan-yard.

