
On the 14th, under orders from General Forrest, I returned to Ringgold, and remained near that place until the evening of the 17th instant, when the enemy again advanced upon Ringgold from the direction of Graysville. I marched out to meet them and drove them back. That night the enemy encamped about 5 miles from Ringgold, on the Chattanooga road, with four regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and a battery. About midnight, with four companies Second Tennessee Cavalry and one piece of artillery, I surprised their camp, throwing the whole force into confusion. After a sharp fight I retired to my camp at Ringgold, the enemy not following.

On the 18th, by command of General Pegram, I proceeded to Red House, 9 miles from Chattanooga, and drove in the advance of the enemy's Reserve Corps, under General Granger.

On the 19th, I marched and engaged the enemy (seven regiments of infantry and a battery) with 500 men from my command, composed of the Second and Fifth Tennessee, First Louisiana, the detachment of Morgan's command, and the Louisiana Battery of two rifled pieces and two mountain howitzers. After a fierce engagement of several hours, during which I drove the enemy more than 2 miles and disabled one of their guns, my ammunition failing, I withdrew to my camp at the creek, the enemy too much exhausted to pursue.

On the 21st, I held the left of the road in General Pegram's attack upon Missionary Hill, and on the 22nd, under orders from Major-General Cheatham, I proceeded on his right, and, crossing Missionary Ridge, descended in the valley to the W[estern] and A[tlantic] Railroad, about 3 miles from Chattanooga. Here I encountered the Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry and drove them in confusion into Chattanooga. Following up, I attacked the enemy in his intrenchment and drove them from their first line of rifle-pits. Night coming on, General Pegram ordered me to withdraw my command to the top of the ridge and on the next morning to this place.

It is impossible to state loss of the enemy, but from all information obtained, their loss in killed and wounded on the 19th amounted to over 100, besides 1 of General Whitaker's staff officers and 7 privates, prisoners. My entire prisoners amount to 4 commissioned officers and 30 privates.

On the 22nd I captured about 75 fine rifles for my unarmed men.

My own loss foots up as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.	 Total.

 rs.	 	 s.

1st Louisiana

Cavalry	 ---	 ---	 ---	 1	 1

2nd Tennessee

Cavalry	 2	 3	 1	 13	 19

5th Tennessee

Cavalry	 ---	 2	 2	 12	 16

Detachment General

Morgan's command.	 ---	 3	 1	 6	 10

Louisiana Battery a

 ---	 ---	 ---	 3	 3

Total.	 2	 8	 4	 35	 49

a 15 horses killed.

Of the conduct of both officers and men I cannot speak too highly. All displayed the utmost bravery and gallantry. When every one did so well it is impossible to particularize individual instances of

