
[CHAP. XLII.

see. It required much labor and time to perfect the organization as the troops were so worn and scattered by their late fatiguing service.

By the 16th day of August, we succeeded in organization a force of about 15,000 men, which composed the Twenty-third Corps, under command of General Hartsuff.

I left my headquarters at Cincinnati on the 10th day of August to join the moving column. Brigadier General J. D. Cox was left in charge of the District of Ohio, General Willcox of the District of Indiana, and General Boyle of Kentucky-all of them officers of great skill and determination.

On the 20th day of August, the Twenty-third Corps was located as follows:

White's division at Columbia, Hascall's division at Stanford, Carter's division at Crat Orchard, Graham's cavalry at Glasgow, Wolford's cavalry at Somerset.

On the 20th of August, orders were issued to General Hartsuff to move his commands as follows: Hascall's division to Kingston, Tenn., by way of Somerset, Chitwood's, Huntsville, and Montgomery; White's division from Columbia to Montgomery, Tenn., by way of Creelsborough, Albany, and Jamestown, Tenn.; Graham's cavalry to join White by way of Burkesville, Albany and Jamestown; Wolford's cavalry brigade to guard the supply and ammunition trains that were with Hascall's division; General Carter's cavalry brigade to move by way of Mount Vernon, London, Williamsburg, over the Jellico Mountains to Chitwood's, Huntsville, Montgomery, and Kingston, excepting such portions as might be detached. My headquarters accompanied this command.

These command were directed to meet at such times and at such points as not to interfere with the movements of each other, and the whole work was performed with wonderful accuracy and promptness considering the great difficulties in the way of steep rugged mountains, bad roads, and short forage.

At Williamsburg a cavalry force, under Colonel Byrd, of the First Tennessee, was detached for the purpose of making a demonstration on Knoxville, by way of Big Creek Gap; and at Montgomery, a cavalry force, under Colonel Foster, was detached, with orders to pass through Winter's Gap and occupy Knoxville.

The main body of the command moved on the direct road to Kingston, which point the advance reached on the 1st day of September, and moved on to Knoxville, arriving there the 3rd day of September. Colonel Foster, who had arrived the morning before, had captured several engines and cars, which he had sent up the road to Morristown and Greeneville, and near Jonesborough, capturing large quantities of supplies; but little resistance was met on the march, the enemy in all cases retreating as our forces advanced.

Before leaving Kentucky, I had organized a division of new troops, under Colonel De Courcy, to move down upon the north side of Cumberland Gap, and, if possible, occupy the place. Upon our arrival at Knoxville, we learned that the gap was still occupied by the enemy. I directed General Shackelford to proceed with his cavalry to the south side of the gap, and, if possible, capture the garrison. On his arrival there he communicated with Colonel De Courcy (who was on the north side) by courier. It was ascertained that the position was too strong to be carried by the small force under his command.

Upon being informed of this, I at once started for the gap with

