
amauga, 2 miles from his troops, until and after the arrival of a staff officer of the commanding general with an inquiry as to the cause of his delay; this at 7 o'clock on the morning of September 20, and that he had failed at this hour to ascertain the cause of the neglect of his troops to make the attack ordered at daylight.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding Army of Tennessee.

Witnesses:

General BRAXTON BRAGG, C. S. Army; Major P. B. LEE, Provisional Army, Confederate States; Lieutenant General D. H. HILL, Provisional Army, Confederate States; Major General W. H. T. WALKER; Lieutenant-General POLK'S report; map of field.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,No. 249. Missionary Ridge, September 29, 1863.

III. Lieutenant General L. Polk, for not obeying his orders for the attack on the enemy at Chickamauga on the 20th instant, is suspended from his command. He will proceed with his personal staff to Atlanta, and await further orders.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MISSIONARY RIDGE,

September 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General D. H. HILL:

DEAR SIR: You are no doubt aware that I have been relieved from command and ordered to proceed to Atlanta. This procedure is based on the assumed ground that my reasons for not attacking the enemy at daylight on Sunday, the 20th instant, are unsatisfactory. I resume, of course, that an investigation or charges of some character will follow the action already taken, and it is a matter of great importance to me to present the whole truth as to what occurred on the night of the 19th and morning of the 20th instant. You are in possession of some facts on that subject that are important in any development that may be made, and are necessary in order to enable me to present my conduct in its true light, and I therefore desire to propound to you the following questions:

1. Where were your quarters on the night of the 19th instant?

2. Did you communicate with me in that night, or attempt to do so, and at what hours of the night or morning, if any attempt was so made?

3. Did any staff officer of yours on that night or morning tell you that he had seen me, and that I had directed him to inform you that you must attack at daylight? If he did so, what was his name and at what time did you receive this communication?

4. what were the reasons for your unreadiness to attack the enemy at daylight?

