
[CHAP. XLII.

CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,

Cincinnati, Ohio, October 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of operations in this department for the month of September:

DEFENSES OF COVINGTON, KY.

Mr. T. C. Ruggles, civil engineer in charge, reports:

During the month of September the work at northeast corner of Fort Mitchel, including new road to the fort has been finished. The magazine in ne enlargements is about three-fourths completed. Also the earth-work for timber foundations for the Parrott guns and field pieces.

Two traverses have been completed in the fort, one at east end, one in the middle; also three drains. The repairing of the J. L. Kirby Smith battery has been commenced. The 100-pounder inclosed battery between Batteries Burnett and Burbank, under the superintendence of Brigadier-General Tillson, by the soldiers of his command, has been completed. Operations on all the defenses east side of the Licking I expect to close at the end of this month.

DEFENSES OF NEWPORT, KY.

Believing the security of the line required the erection of a new fort (Burnside) to sweep the ground in front of Fort Whittlesey, Batteries Phil. Kearny and Shaler, I gave the plan of such a work (an inclosed redoubt), the development of the crest of which is about 700 feet; number of faces, 6; greatest length of face, 136 feet; smallest, 94; number of embrasures, 10; barbette platforms, 6.

At the end of September, all the revetment was up and two-thirds of the parapet. A military road 1,200 feet long was made back of the work to connect with the turnpike, including a bridge over the north branch of Three-Mile Creek, of 15-foot span and stone abutments.

The whole will be probably completed during the present month.

DEFENSES OF PARIS AND CAMP NELSON, KY.

Mr. J. R. Gilliss, civil engineer in charge, reports:

FORT ROBINSON, PARIS.

Parapet, revetment, ditch, magazine gates, platforms, &amp;c., finished. The fort now only needs sodding.

CAMP NELSON.

Battery No. 1.-Embrasures revetted, magazine excavated, built and covered. Breastwork from Fort Jackson to Fort Nelson filled up and trimmed.

Fort Nelson.-West flank revetted and finished; the remainder was already revetted and one-fourth of earth thrown up. This has been finished embrasures cut, barbette, ramps, &c., finished, three embrasures revetted, magazine excavated.

Battery No. 2.-Parapet finished.

Battery No. 3.-Commenced.

Fort Taylor.-Located, revetted, parapet, and barbette finished, magazine excavated.

Between Fort Taylor and Battery No. 4, 800 feet of breastwork revetted, 200 feet of breastwork finished.

Battery No. 4.-One-fourth done; magazine excavated.

With the exception of Fort Jackson, all embrasures have been revetted with fascines, 120 made during the month.

