
5. Were you present when an order from me to General Cleburne (one of your division commanders) was received directing him to commence the attack, which he turned over to you? If so, at what hour this occurred.

6. Did I meet you on the morning of the 20th, and at what hour did we meet, and what conversation occurred between us?

7. Were you then ready for an attack, and was it made as soon as possible?

Your early attention to this matter will confer a favor on your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSIONARY RIDGE,

September 29, 1863.

Major-Generals WALKER and CHEATHAM:

SIRS: You are, perhaps, officially informed of my being relieved from command and ordered to Atlanta. This procedure is based on the assumed ground that my reasons for not attacking the enemy at daylight on the 20th instant are unsatisfactory. It is fair to presume that an investigation of my conduct, through charges preferred or otherwise, will soon take place, and it is due to myself and to truth that the whole matter should be fully investigated. You are one of my corps commanders, and I desire an answer from you to the following questions:

1. Where were your quarters on the night of the 19th, and how far from mine?

2. Did you receive orders for the attack from me; and at what hour of night or morning?

3. When or at what time were you ready for the attack?

4. At what time in the morning did you first see me on the field?

Please add any other fact material to the elucidation of this matter. Your early answer to this letter will oblige me.

Yours, respectfully,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

Deposition of John H. Fisher.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,September 29, 1863.

On the night of September 19, I was on duty at headquarters as courier. About 12 o'clock a dispatch was handed me to be carried to Lieutenant-General Hill. I left immediately in search of General Ford. I was unable to find General Hill was near Thedford's Ford. I was unable to find General Hill after searching for him for about four hours. In my search I came up with 'General Cheatham and made inquiry of him for General Hill. He informed me that he knew nothing of his whereabouts. I also met with General Breckinridge and made of him the same inquiry and received of him the same answer. After going in every direction and inquiring of all

