
August 18.-First Division moved to Nicholasville, Ky.

August 20.-Second Division arrived at Cincinnati, Ohio, and encamped near Covington, Ky.

August 26.-First division moved to Crab Orchard, Ky., and Second Division to Nicholasville, Ky., and remain there at the date of this report.

September 1.-The headquarters of the corps was stationed at Lexington, Ky.,; the First Division at Crab Orchard, Ky., and Second Division between Nicholasville and Camp Nelson, Ky.

September 1-9.-The Independent Brigade, commanded by Colonel John F. De Courcy, marched from Pittman to the ridge on the north of and opposite this place. When the gap surrendered to General Burnside, September 9, this brigade was stationed here, under command of Colonel Lemert.

September 8.-The Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers relieved the Forty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, on detached service at Lexington, Ky., and the Forty-eighth rejoined corps. The Sixth New Hampshire relieved the Second Maryland Volunteers, at Frankfort, Ky., and the Second Maryland rejoined corps. The Ninth New Hampshire relieved four companies of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Paris, Ky. The Fifty-first New York Volunteers ordered on detached service at Camp Nelson, Ky. These four regiments are ordered to report to Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, commanding District of Kentucky.

September 9.- Second Brigade, Second Division, moved to Crab Orchard, Ky., where it remains September 30.

September 10.-The First Division broke camp and proceeded to Knoxville, Tenn.

September 12.-First Brigade, Second Division, moved to Crab Orchard, Ky.

September 16.-First Brigade, Second Division, and division headquarters proceeded to Knoxville, Tenn.

September 17.-Corps headquarters moved en route for Knoxville, Tenn.

September 25.-The First Division, arrived at Knoxville, Tenn., after being subjected to long, fatiguing marches over bad roads, via Cumberland Gap and Morristown, Tenn.

September 28.- The First Brigade, Second Division, and division headquarters arrived at Knoxville, Tenn, after being subjected to the same roads and marches as the First Division.

September 30.-Corps headquarters arrive at Knoxville, Tenn., where it remains with all the corps at date of this report, except the following; The Second Brigade, Second Division, and Third Brigade, Second Division, which are on detached service, the first at Crab Orchard and the latter at Cumberland Gap, Ky. The Twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Battery accompanies Third Brigade, Second Division. Battery E, Second, and L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, and Battery D, Independent Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery, were left behind to recruit the health of the men, they having been greatly reduced in numbers by sickness in the recent campaign in Mississippi. The first two were left at Lexington, Ky., and the last at Covington, Ky.

October 1.-Headquarters and corps were encamped at Knoxville, East Tenn.

October 4.-The enemy having shown themselves in the neighborhood of Bull's Gap, East Tenn., the First Brigade, First Division,

