
[CHAP. XLII.

and First Brigade, Second Division, proceeded by cars on the Virginia and East Tennessee Railroad to that place, a distance of 56 miles from Knoxville.

October 7.-The remaining part of the First Division proceeded to Bull's Gap, East Tenn.

October 10.-The First Division, with part of the Twenty-third Army Corps, engaged the enemy at Blue Springs, East Tenn.; the Second Division was held in reserve; the First Brigade, First Division, was ordered to charge on the enemy, which resulted in completely routing them, our loss being: Killed, 4; wounded, 54, missing,1. Total, 59.

October 11.-Pursued the enemy to Rheatown, a distance of about 20 miles from Blue Springs.

October 14 and 15.-The corps returned by cars to Knoxville.

October 17.-Battery E. Second, and L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, joined corps. They were left, on the departure of the corps from Kentucky, at Lexington, to recruit the health of the men and condition of animals.

October 19.-The Second Brigade, Second Division, joined corps, having been left at Crab Orchard, Ky., when the corps left Kentucky en route for Knoxville, East Tenn.

October 20.-The First Division marched toward Loudon Bridge, a distance of about 30 miles.

October 22.-The Second Division proceeded by cars to Loudon Bridge, arriving same day; the First Division also arrived at Loudon Bridge, and crossed the Tennessee River to Loudon.

October 28.-The First Division, with part of Twenty-third Army Corps, evacuated Loudon, and marched back 6 miles to Lenoir's Station.

Numbers 10.

Itinerary of the Twenty-third Army Corps, August 1-September 30, 1863.*

August 4.-The Eleventh and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry and Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry ordered to Glasgow.

August 15.-The First Brigade, Third Division, moved from Camp Dick Robinson to Danville.

August 17.-The Third Division moved from Danville to Stanford. The Fourth Division (First and Third Brigades) from Stanford to Crab Orchard. The Second Division left Lebanon for Columbia.

August 18.-The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, moved from Glasgow to Rose's Cross-Roads.

August 19.-The Third Division moved from Stanford to Crab Orchard.

On the 18th, Lieutenant Carr fell in with Champ Ferguson at Albany. Killed 2, wounded 3, among whom was Ferguson himself.

The First Brigade, Fourth Division, from Crab Orchard to Mount Vernon.

August 20.-The Second Division arrived at Columbia, with exception of One hundred and eighteenth Ohio and Twenty-fifth Michi-

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

