
gan, both of which left Lebanon for Columbia. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, from Mount Vernon toward Lebanon.

August 21.-The Third Division moved from Crab Orchard to Mount Vernon. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, from Mount Vernon to London. The Second Division from Columbia toward Creelsborough. the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, left Glasgow.

August 22.-The Third Division moved to Smith's Ferry, on the Cumberland.

August 23.-The Second Division arrived at Mud Camp, on the Cumberland River. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, crossed the Cumberland River. The Third Division crossed the Cumberland river at Smith's Ferry. The First Brigade moved to Sloan's Valley, Pine Knot road. One battalion of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division at Red Sulphur Springs, to meet 400 of the enemy that crossed at Gainesborough.

August 24.-The First Brigade, Third Division, moved to Indian Creek. The Second Brigade to Sloan's Valley.

August 25.-The First Brigade moved to 3 miles south of Pine Knot Tavern. The Second Brigade to Indian Creek.

August 26.-The First Brigade, Third Division, with Reserve Artillery, moved to Chitwood's. The First and Third Brigades, Fourth Division, to Chitwood's. The Second Division to Jamestown. Twenty prisoners at Monroe, on road via Gainesborough.

August 27.-The Second Brigade, Third Division, moved to Chitwood's.

August 28.-The First Tennessee captured 48 at Jacksborough, killing and wounding several, 3 officers (1 captain and 2 lieutenants) among them. The First and third Brigades, Fourth Division, moved toward Montgomery.

August 30.-The Third Division and Reserve Artillery moved to White Oak Creek. The Second Division arrived at Montgomery.

August 31.-The First and Third Brigades, Fourth Division, arrived at Montgomery and passed on to the Emery Iron Works. Skirmished with enemy, driving him out of Winter's Gap. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, to Winter's Gap. The Second Brigade, Third Division, and Reserve Artillery arrived at Schooler's, 3 miles south of Wartburg. The Second Division to camp, half way between Schouler's and Emery Iron Works.

September 1.-The Second Division moved to Kingston, Tenn., The Third Division to Emery Iron Works. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, to Knoxville. The First brigade to Waller's Ferry, on Clinch River. The Reserve Artillery to Emery Iron Works.

September 2.-The Third Division moved to Poplar Creek. The Reserve Artillery to Poplar Creek. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, to Lenoir's. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, to Kingston. The enemy destroyed Loudon Bridge upon his approach.

September 3.-The Second and Third Divisions moved to Lackey's. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, to Knoxville.

September 4.-The Second Division moved to Loudon. The First Brigade, Third Division, to Knoxville. The Second Brigade, Third division, to Lenoir's. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, on expedition to Cumberland Gap.

37 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

