
[CHAP. XLII.

September 5.-The First Brigade, Fourth Division, moved toward Post Oak Springs.

September 6.-Colonel Graham, with 500 men, moved to Sevierville. Cameron's brigade to Concord. The Second Ohio to Knoxville. Half of the Forty-fifth Ohio to Concord. Shackelford arrived at Cumberland Gap. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, to Kingston.

September 7.-Colonel Gilbert with the Forty-fourth and One hundred and fourth Ohio, Konkle's battery, and one section of Shield's, moved to Cumberland Gap. Lieutenant-Colonel Haynes, with 300 of the One hundredth Ohio, to Greeneville and toward Jonesborough. Wolford's brigade to Knoxville. The One hundred and third Ohio to Knoxville. Shackelford invested Cumberland Gap; demanded surrender of General Frazer. Two regiments (the Forty-fourth and One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry), Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Battery, left Knoxville for Cumberland Gap, a distance of 60 miles, where they arrived on the 9th, before General Frazer, commanding surrendered it, with 2,205 men, 12 pieces of artillery, small-arms, and stores. Also on the 7th, a detachment of the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, was sent east on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, to Limestone Station, where, on the 8th, they were attacked by superior, 3 wounded, 17 commissioned officers and 263 enlisted men captured.

September 8.-Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, One hundredth Ohio, and 300 men had a skirmish at Telford's Station with 1,500 of the enemy, under General Jackson; 1 killed and 2 wounded. Thirty of the enemy killed and wounded. Fell back to Limestone Creek, to await re-enforcements. Fought the enemy, 1,800 strong, for two hours, and then surrendered. Loss, killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, 200 men. Colonel Crittenden to Sevierville.

September 9.-The Fifth Indiana Cavalry moved to Greeneville. rebels at Cumberland Gap, under General Frazer, surrender 2,300 men, 12 pieces of artillery, including General Frazer and staff. The First Brigade, Third Division, and Third Brigade, Fourth Division, there. The First Brigade, Fourth Division, to within 11 miles of Athens. Bridge at Charleston destroyed by enemy.

September 10.-Colonel J. W. Foster, Second Brigade, Fourth Division, and One hundred and third Ohio, occupied Greeneville.

September 11.-Colonel Byrd occupied Athens, Tenn.

September 12.-The First Brigade, Third Division and third Brigade, Fourth Division, moved from Cumberland Gap to Morristown. The Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry to Morristown.

September 13.-The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, arrived at Knoxville.

September 14.-The First Brigade, Third Division, arrived at Knoxville. The Second Brigade, Third Division, at Knoxville. The Second Division toward Knoxville. The Twelfth Kentucky to Greeneville.

September 15.-The Second Division, left Loudon and marched to near New Markett; Second Brigade, Third Division, toward Morristown.

September 16.-The Second Division passed through Knoxville, en route to Morristown. The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, and

