
Wolford's brigade toward Greeneville. The One hundred and eighteenth Ohio left at Loudon.

September 17.-Second Division arrived at New Market. General Hascall, with one regiment moved to Greeneville. Colonel Foster left Greeneville to meet the enemy.

September 18.-The One hundred and twelfth Illinois moved to Cleveland. Foster drove Carter's rebel regiment from the ford above Kingsport, after a severe fight. Skirmish at Cleveland; our force driven out.

September 19.-Wolford moved to Knoxville. White from Morristown, toward Knoxville. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, drove the enemy, 700 strong, out of Bristol. Cut the railroad and bridge. Destroyed large amount of subsistence stores and returned to Blountsville. Hascall is in Jonesborough. Carter left Knoxville for Carter's Station.

September 20.-White reached Knoxville. Passed 5 miles on the Loudon road. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, drove the enemy across Beaver Creek. Fought them three hours, 2 1/2 miles from Zollicoffer. Withdrew to Blountsville. Gilbert toward Morristown. Wolford toward Athens.

September 21.-Cameron moved from Jonesborough to near Carter's Station. White to Loudon. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, to Johnson's. Skirmish at Carter's Station by Cameron, Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry and a part of the Second Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

September 22.-Gilbert moved to near Carter's Station. Foster engaged the enemy, 3,600 strong, and routed them. Captured 70 prisoners and 1 piece of artillery at Blountsville. After four hours' fight Carter arrived near Carter's Station.

September 23.-The enemy evacuated Carter's Station. Railroad bridge saved. The Third Division moved back to Jonesborough.

September 24.-Second Division marched to Sweet Water and back. Gilbert moved from Jonesborough to Henderson and to Knoxville.

Cameron to Henderson. The One hundred and third Ohio left at Jonesborough. The Eighth Tennessee left at Greeneville. The Twelfth Kentucky to Morristown. Foster moved from Carter's back to Jonesborough.

September 25.-Cameron continued the march toward Morristown.

The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, 26 miles toward Knoxville. Byrd, at Calhoun, attacked by large force of the enemy. Fought two hours, and retired to within 2 miles of Athens; joined by Colonel Wolford. The enemy shortly appeared, when we attacked him and drove him back. Fell back during the night to the conjunction of several roads at Philadelphia.

September 26.-Cameron moved by rail to Concord.

September 27.-The Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry moved to Knoxville. Colonels Wolford and Byrd fell back to Loudon.

September 28.-Colonel Foster's brigade arrived at Knoxville, having marched 228 miles since the 17th instant. The Twelfth Kentucky left for Loudon. Carter fell back to Henderson. Cavalry driven in at Loudon.

September 29.-Colonels Wolford and Byrd moved to Sweet Water.

September 30.-The Third Brigade, Fourth Division, fell back to Greeneville. Wolford and Byrd to Athens.

