
the soldiers I met of his and other commands I returned to headquarters, after a search of about four hours, unable to find General Hill. Upon my return I did not report to Colonel Jack, as I understood from his clerk (Mr. McReady) that I was not to disturb him upon my return.
JOHN. H. FISHER,

Orleans Light Horse.

Sworn to and subscribed before me September 29, 1863.

ANDREW EWING,

Presiding Judge of the Military Court of

Lieutenant-General Polk's Corps.

Statement of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Jack.

NEAR CHATTANOOGA,

September 29, 1863.

About 11 o'clock on the night of the 19th, General Polk reached his headquarters near Alexander's Bridge, and stated to me that he was to attack the enemy at daylight the next morning. He instructed me to issue orders at once to Lieutenant-General Hill and Major-General Cheatham to make the attack at that time, directing me to send General Hill's orders to him at Thedford's Ford, where, as he had heard, General Hill's headquarters were established that night. These orders were accordingly issued at 11.30 p. m. General Walker's corps was to be held in reserve. A copy of the orders was handed to him on the spot.

During the night the courier who bore General Cheatham's orders returned, bringing back the envelope and reporting that he had delivered the orders. The courier bearing orders to General Hill was directed to Thedford's Ford, and ordered to inquire for and find the general. He failed to deliver his orders. His written statement is here referred to as to the reasons for this failure.

Shortly after daylight (perhaps before sunrise) General Polk instructed me to issue orders directly to Generals Breckinridge and Cleburne to make the attack, notifying them that General Hill could not be found. These orders were prepared and placed in the hands of a staff officer, who was ordered to proceed in haste and deliver them. His statement will show what he did.

Immediately afterward another staff officer was dispatched with verbal orders to the same officers and to the same effect. The general then rode to the front accompanied by his staff.

THOMAS M. JACK,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps.

Deposition of L. Charvet.

SEPTEMBER 30.

I am a member of the Orleans Light Horse, Lieutenant General L. Polk's escort. On the night of Saturday, the 19th instant, after the battle, we were ordered by General Polk from the field to the camp at about 8 p. m. The headquarters of the general and our camp were

