
men were captured at Glasgow, and the remainder are scattered through the country. He suffered himself to be surprised. He reports that rebels were in Tompkinsville this morning; the information was brought in by citizens. I have instructed my command relative to the expected raid. It would be well be send all the cavalry you have to spare from other points to this place and Cave city. Colonel Spaulding had not arrived in Glasgow at 4 p.m.

E. G. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Munfordville, October 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed you will find report* of Captain J. R. Robinson, acting assistant inspector-general; also affidavits* of officers of Major Martin's battalion. The report, as you will observe, is in reference to the late disgraceful surrender of Glasgow. I am of the opinion that Major Martin did all he could under the circumstances, he being unable to perform duty owing to illness, but there are other officers of his command, mentioned in the inclosed reports on affidavit, that should be dealt with.

I am, very respectfully,

HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13.

Report of Major Samuel Martin, Thirty-seventh Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Glasgow, Ky., October 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I now proceed to give you the particulars of the recent raid made on Glasgow, Ky., by the rebel Colonel John M. Hughs.

On the evening of the 30th of last month, I was ordered by Brigadier General J. T. Boyle to send scouts into the border counties of Kentucky, on the Kentucky and Tennessee State line, to learn if the enemy was there, and what he was doing, &amp;c.

Previous to the receipt of this order from General Boyle, I had ordered a scout of 90 men to go to the border for the purpose which he desired, and on the morning of the 29th ultimo I started the 90 men for that purpose. Lieutenant J. W. Kerrick was ordered to Cumberland County, Ky., with 30 men, with orders to go to Marrowbone Store, then to Center Point and Tompkinsville, and from there to return to this place. Captain J. W. Roark, with 30 men, was ordered to Tompkinsville with instructions to meet Captain Stone at Gamaliel, in Monroe County, Ky., which is near the State line. Captain G. P. Stone was ordered with 30 men to Jimtown, Monroe County, Ky.,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

