
about 30 of them started after us, but we kept out of their way and succeeded in collecting a few of my pickets who were yet at their posts. I stopped on the pike near town and heard the rebels marching back to town with a shout that told well my men were captured. I then retreated 5 miles on the pike and sent Lieutenant Chinoweth to Cave City to dispatch to General Boyle and return to where I was, which he did in a surprisingly short time.

We left our post about 11 a.m., and started back for Glasgow, having 20 men at this time. We reached Glasgow about 12 o'clock that day, and found the rebels all gone. Here I remained gathering up my men and the guns which had been scattered. I shipped a wagon load of guns to Cave City that evening and was re-enforced about 4 p.m. by Captain Beck, from Munfordville, with 25 men mounted, he having come by Cave City. After giving time to feed his men and rest, we started with 60 men in pursuit of the enemy. Moving out on the Columbia road 1 mile, we crossed to the Burkesville road. This is the road on which the enemy retreated. We struck this road about 2 miles from Glasgow. It was then dark and raining, but we pressed on hoping to overtake and surprise the enemy before day. They left the Burkesville road 7 miles from Glasgow and took the Tompkinsville road. We reached Tompkinsville one hour before day, dismounted the men, and hitched our horses in a dense thicket near town; then marched the men into an open field and when we came to count our men, we found to our great surprise and mortification only 30 men to answer to their names, the balance having fallen out of ranks and got lost on the road. But we were determined to make the attack if the enemy was there. WE formed our men in line to command the public square. There we waited until near daylight, when we learned that the rebels had not stopped in Tompkinsville, but had passed through there about dark the evening before.

Here we gave up the chase and remained in Tompkinsville until sun up, then started to return to Glasgow. About this time we were informed that two wagons had been left near Tompkinsville.

We returned and found them as stated with 2 mules, 70 guns, and various other articles, which were captured by the rebels of my command at Glasgow; the mules were tied near the wagons.

This gave indication that the rebels intended returning for them. We set to work and soon had the 2 wagons wheeled about and off for Glasgow. But while we were hitching our teams I had pickets placed on the road the rebels had traveled and 12 rebels came upon them; but the pickets drove them back by firing on them.

We supposed the rebels were not fa off, and had we had more men and fresh horses we would have followed after them, but our horses were rode down, Captain Beck having rode all the way from Munfordville via Cave City that day with his men, and my horses had been in constant use ever since daylight the morning before; so we turned our course for Glasgow, reaching there on the morning of the 8th instant with our recaptured prize.

I will now give the particulars of the fight: One the morning of the 6th instant, when the town was attacked, the provost guards were all asleep, except those on duty at the guard-house and the patrols about town. Captain George S. Nunn was in command of the camp at the fort and only a few of the men there were up. Some were on guard in the fort when the rebels got in sight of it. They charged right into camp and up to the fort. The men inside the fort dis-

