
[CHAP. XLII.

charged their guns promptly at the rebels, and 1 rebel fell mortally wounded. But the dash into camp was so sudden that the men were thrown into confusion; in fact, were panic-stricken, they being new recruits. The officers, so far as I can learn, did their duty as well as they could. Colonel Hughs asked who was in command of the camp, and Captain Nunn told him that he was. Hughs then ordered him to surrender the whole command to him. Captain Nunn told him that he would have to get the men like he (Hughs) got them; that was by fighting. The men were then running in every direction, many without their arms or clothes. One of my men was shot three times. He had no arms and was standing in the fort. Another one of my men was shot in the court-house yard. He was unarmed and was not trying to ge away. The rebels paroled 142 of my men and officers. They captured over 200 horses and horse equipments, carried off all the clothing I had on hand unissued, and loaded two of my wagons with goods. They destroyed a great many of my commissary stores and burned a large building at the fort, which was built for Government use. They carried off about 100 guns, mostly carbines. They had 13 wounded, 4 of whom have since died. My wounded were 3; one of them has since died; the other 2 are getting well. They also robbed the bank of about $9,000; most of the money had been deposited there by citizens for safety. They robbed one store of about $400 worth of goods and took horses and buggies from citizens to carry of their wounded in.

They crossed Cumberland River into Turkey Neck Bend, and hearing that I was pursuing them they passed on to Kittle Creek, where they stopped and paroled the men. As soon as they crossed Cumberland River they commenced scattering. My officers state that the rebel officers told them that they had over 200 men with them they attacked Glasgow, yet other reports say there were not exceeding 10 rebel soldiers in Glasgow.

I am general, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL MARTIN,

Major Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON,

Munfordville, Ky.

No. 14.

Report of col. Selby Harney, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry.

GLASGOW, September 12, 1863.

SIR: Colonel Love came up to the rebels Thursday [10th] at Brimstone Creek, where he killed 4, wounded 7, and captured 2. We lost 1 horse killed. The adjutant-general's morning report, captured, shows 480 men. The rebels retreated to the hills, felling timber, &amp;c., across the roads. Colonel Love withdrew, and is now at Rose's Cross-Roads. I shall direct him to remain there if he can find forage for his horses, as I have every reason to believe they will follow him up. Hamilton published a proclamation stating if pillaging and burning is not stopped he will take to it himself. Will report further as soon as Colonel Love's report is received.

S. HARNEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

