
Numbers 15.

Reports of Brigadier General Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

[GENERAL: ] Colonel Wolford says they have been checked for the present, but they are very daring, and coming on all road. Our pickets have been fired into since dark within 1 miles of town.

Colonel Byrd thinks that they are about 5,000. The best chance I have had to-day was at the river, when the river banks were lined for a mile and a half with the enemy and more back. The roads were full of them. They came with a rush, as if they were supported by numbers in the rear.

Yes, they had heavy artillery; they had three pieces in position before we got out of Calhoun.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

[General BURNSIDE.]

LOUDON, September 30, 1863.

Wolford is engaged with a body of the enemy in the vicinity of Sweet Water. I don't know the extent of the force.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

General BURNSIDE.

Numbers 16.

Reports of Colonel Robert K. Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Athens, Tenn., September 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by reliable information, I learn that the raid into Cleveland, Tenn., was made by 60 of the enemy. They wounded 3 men, citizens of the town, and stole 20 horses from the citizens. They reported that they had 400 men in the vicinity, and it is reliable that they have a force of 1,600 within 15 miles of the town.

There is a large flouring mill in the town, which will make 100 barrels of flour in fifteen hours. There is also a large copper rolling mill, which ought to be protected. The country in the vicinity is full of wheat, and considering the condition of the army, having to be subsisted on the country, it seems to me very necessary to protect the place. For this reason, I have sent 200 men there to guard the place, being compelled to detach so many of my command to guard the town of Cleveland and also the town of Benton, which is also very important, and having two companies of my command at Kingston.

