
puted by a heavy picket force of cavalry. After considerable skirmishing, the enemy was driven back and near to town, where we found the enemy posted in a chosen position with four pieces of artillery.

It was with difficulty that we could dislodge them after four hours' fighting. I at last effected it by a charge of the Sixty-fifth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, and Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, which was made just before dark. Our loss is not heavy, about 6 killed and 14 wounded, mostly of the Sixty-fifth Indiana Volunteers. We captured about 50 prisoners and 1 piece of artillery.

The shells of the enemy set fire to the town, and a great portion of it was consumed. Lieutenant Miller, of my staff, will communicate all further desired information of my position and the enemy's movements, and what is deemed necessary by me.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. FOSTER.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Army of the Ohio, in the Field.

Numbers 20.

Reports of Brigadier General James M. Shackelford, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.*
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Powell's River, September 6, 1863-7 p.m.

COLONEL: I reached this place this morning, 10 o'clock, with the column. Had heavy skirmishing with the enemy on this side of the river, driving him before us. I sent a reconnaissance from here up to the gap; just ascertained definitely the enemy is in his works. The lowest estimate place upon his numbers by deserters and citizens is 2,000 and two batteries of artillery. I will use my utmost to establish communication with Colonel De Courcy, I suppose, is on the other side of the mountain.

I am, colonel, truly yours, &amp;c.,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville, Tenn.

[P. S.]-You will please send forward the Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier FOURTH DIV. 23rd ARMY CORPS,In front of Cumberland Gap, September 7, 1863-2.30 p.m.

COLONEL: I invested the gap on the south side of the mountain at 8 o'clock this morning. I occupy all the outlets from the gap on this side of the mountain. I sent a flag of truce demanding of Brigadier-General Frazer an unconditional surrender of himself and forces. He replied, declining to surrender.

---------------

*For correspondence relating to the surrender of Cumberland Gap, see pp. 617-624.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

