
[CHAP. XLII.

JONESBOROUGH, October 21, 1863.

Below I send you copy of telegrams, from here to-day, in relation to the fight at Blue Springs:

GREENEVILLE, October 10.

General SAM. JONES,

Jonesborough:

We have had a very hard fight to-day, beginning at 10 a.m., and ceasing at dark. The line of skirmishers was 2 miles long, which so extended my lines that the enemy at 5 o'clock, with 2,000 infantry, broke my center and attacked the batteries. They were repulsed with great slaughter. I have no complete returns, but hope my loss will not exceed 100-several valuable officers.

The enemy charged along the entire line from right to left, and only succeeded in center by the use of grape and canister. We hold our position. The enemy rests on his. The force is greater than I telegraphed on 8th.

JNumbers S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

JONESBOROUGH, October 10.

J. S. WILLIAMS,

Greeneville:

I congratulate you on to-day's fight. Have you any doubt of your ability to hold your position? Was the fight at Greeneville, or beyond that point? Has Colonel Witcher joined you with his command?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,In front o Cumberland Gap, September 7, 1863.

Colonel DE COURCY,

Commanding U. S. Forces North of Gap:

COLONEL: I invested the gap on this side this morning and demanded of General Frazer, commanding at the gap, an unconditional surrender of himself and forces. He replied, declining to surrender. I want to know your position. If you have not forces on the Harlan road you will at once occupy it and prevent the enemy from escaping in that direction. You will communicate with me by courier as often as possible. The enemy is in a position from which he ought not to escape, and if proper vigilance is exercised he cannot escape. You will scout thoroughly the country on the north side of the mountain.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CRAWFORD'S, September 8, [1863]- 9 a.m.

General SHACKELFORD,

Commanding U. S. Forces South of the Gap:

SIR: I have received you dispatch of the 7th, and I shall fully inform your guide of my position and circumstances. I do not feel that it would be prudent to do so in written communication, which may fall into the enemy's hands.

