
[CHAP. XLII.

BULL'S GAP, October 5, 1863.

I have just returned from a reconnaissance as far as Blue Springs, where I found the rebels in force. We drove their skirmishers until we came on the main body in line of battle extending about three-quarters of a mile, a short distance beyond the town.

I can form no exact estimate of their strength, but from the bold front they made, and the length of their line, I believe their force was heavy.

Our loss is 4 wounded and 7 missing; the enemy left 15 dead on the field who were armed as infantry, but I believe them to have been mounted men, and they wore spurs.

The position held by the enemy was a very strong one.

We drove them as far as we could without bringing on an engagement. We are now encamped on our former position.

JAS. P. T. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Five miles from Blountsville, October 13, 1863-11 p.m.

The reconnaissance toward Blountsville has returned. They encountered the enemy's picket 1 1/2 miles from this place, and a short engagement ensued. They drove in their outpost, but lost 1 man killed.

From the heavy firing, and the lights in the distance, the commanding officers believes that there is a heavy force immediately beyond.

Very respectfully,

JAS. P. T. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. E. HOFFMAN.

Numbers 22.

Report of Captain Henry M. Neil, Twenty-second Ohio battery.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND OHIO BATTERY.

Cumberland Gap, September 13, 1863.

Pursuant to orders from Major-General Burnside, I herewith submit the following report of guns and ammunition captured at this place September 9, 1863. In consequence of the destruction by the rebels of the equipments, I am not able to get more than eight of the guns into position. I have already put them in position at the most important points, and have them equipped and manned to the best advantage with what materials I have at hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. M. NEIL,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-second Ohio Battery.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio.

