
Deposition of J. A. Perkins.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Missionary Ridge, September 30, 1863.

I am a member of the Orleans Light Horse Troop, acting as escort to General Polk. On the night of the 19th September, I was on duty as courier, and was stationed by General Polk at Alexander's Bridge, to direct Generals Hill, Walker, and others to General Polk's headquarters. These were the orders given and so specified. I was also directed to keep up a fire at that point, so as to attract the attention of any one in search of General Polk's quarters. This I did. While there General Walker came up. I guided him to General Polk, and by him (General Polk) was directed to return to the bridge in order to guide General Hill, and directed to remain there for an hour or so. I remained for about two hours, until about 2 o'clock, when I left, after renewing the fire. I left at the fire several infantrymen.

J. A. PERKINS.

Sworn to before me on this the 30th day of September, 1863.

ANDREW EWING,

Presiding Judge of the Military Court of

Lieutenant-General Polk's Corps.

[Statement of J. Minick Williams.]

CAMP NEAR CHATTANOOGA,

September 30, 1863.

On the morning of September 20, in camp near Alexander's Bridge, between daylight and sunrise, Lieutenant-General Polk ordered me to direct Lieutenant-Colonel Jack, assistant adjutant-general of his staff, to write duplicate orders to Generals Cheatham, Breckinridge, and Cleburne, division commanders (the original orders having been previously sent by Captain J. F. Wheless, of his staff), directing them to move immediately upon the enemy and attack him vigorously. I proceeded about a mile distant from the bridge and I met Captain Wheless returning, who informed me that he had delivered the orders to the above-mentioned division commanders, and that he had seen Lieutenant-General Hill, who informed him that rations were being issued to the commands of Generals Breckinridge and Cleburne, of his corps, and that they would not be able to commence the attack for more than an hour, as the men had to eat. Captain Wheless requested me to inform Major-General Cheatham of the fact, who occupied the position on the left of the command of Lieutenant-General Hill. I proceeded to inform Major-General C [heatham] of the fact, when I found his command in position to commence the attack as so [ordered]. I did not carry the duplicate orders to Generals Breckinridge and Cleburne, but returned to the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Polk to inform him of General Cheatham's readiness to move in concert with Lieutenant=General Hill when he was ready to commence the attack. I met Lieutenant-General Polk at the point occupied by him as his headquarters on Saturday, the 19th instant. General Polk directed me to lead him to the position of Major-General Cheatham, where he met Major-General Cheatham with his command in line. This was about 7 a. m.

J. MINICK WILLIAMS.

