
[CHAP. XLII.

The following day, Friday (October 9), we reached this place, and found to our surprise a force of our men here. We have kept the teams busy hauling forage, of which we have an abundance so far.

When here before, Major Carter said he would send us rations from Mount Sterling by the teams there. I presume such will be the arrangement now. Our rations are about exhausted.

Owing to our forage being broken and nearly ruined in transit here, I pressed a pair of bellows and such other tools as we required, to fit up an old shop which is in this place, from a rebel. I sent out a scout last night on foot; I shall send one to-morrow mounted.

There have been a number of Union men from Owingsville here to-day-those who were robbed a few days ago. If it would be compatible with duty, I would very much like to see an assessment, sufficient to cover these robberies, levied on known disloyalists and sympathizers of that vicinity, and would be happy to execute any order of that kind.

I send you inclosed a copy*, grammar, syntax, prosody, &amp;c., complete, of a letter received from Lieutenant Owens in answer to my letter shown you some time ago. You perceive the gentleman is somewhat frantic. If he does return I shall ask for an examining board on him. I do not know if Watts' resignation has been accepted or no, yet presume it has been. I have, therefore, sent up a recommendation for Buckner to fill that vacancy, and request you will forward it immediately without sending it to Colonel Biddle.

Our men are generally well; some few are having chills. They are very comfortably fixed, no present prospect of starving.

We are needing a supply of horse, medicines, and some human medicine. Our surgeons will forward their orders.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. W. PECK,

Captain, Comdg. Battalion Sixth Indiana Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel C. C. MATSON,

P. S.-Please send such mail matter as may be on hand for this battalion and some papers.

Numbers 24.

Report of Captain William W. Buckley, Battery D, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, FIRST R. I. LIGHT ARTY.,Camp at Blain's Cross-Roads, Tenn., December 18, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my battery since leaving Cincinnati:

August 15.-Battery was temporarily attached to Artillery Reserve, Twenty-third Army Corps, and forwarded by rail to Camp Nelson, Ky.

August 16.-Started for East Tennessee across Cumberland Mountains.

September 4.- Arrived at Loudon, Tenn., and camped. The march over the mountains was extremely hard on both men and animals.

Distance marched, 230 miles.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

