
September 15 to 21.-Marched to New Market and returned, 98 miles.

September 24.-Marched to Sweet Water and returned, 32 miles.

October 6.-Battery ordered back to First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

October 7 to 10.-Marched from Loudon to Blue Springs, 97 miles, joined Ninth Army Corps, and engaged enemy for a short time.

October 11.-Followed enemy to Rheatown, 20 miles.

October 13 to 17.-Returned to Knoxville, 85 miles. On the march to Blue Spring and back, the infantry proceeded by rail. The batteries were forced along at the rate of 30 miles a day in order to arrive as soon after the infantry as possible. I lost 12 horses from no other cause than their being totally exhausted for want of rest and food.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BUCKLEY,

Captain, Comdg. Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery.

Brigadier General E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General, State of Rhode Island.

Numbers 25.

Reports of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding

Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

ABINGDON, September 11, 1863.

I have received a dispatch from Colonel Carter, commanding near Lee Court-House, informing me that Cumberland Gap capitulated on the 9th. He got his information from officers who said they escaped after the pass capitulated. I hope they were deserters, and the report not true. If It is true, I will need re-enforcements more than ever. Can I get any?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Reply.]

RICHMOND, VA.,

September 12, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. It conveys intelligence so wholly unaccountable and unexpected that I have to request you will obtain the fullest information on the subject and report by telegraph.

S. COOPER.

ABINGDON, September 13, 1863.

(Received 14th.)

Your telegram of yesterday received. The most authentic information I have from Cumberland Gap is from a Captain Patrick H.

---------------

*For remainder of report, see Series I, Vol. XXXI, Part I, p. 346.

---------------

