
Before I could return to Tennessee, Lieutenant-General Longstreet came with his command east of Knoxville, and by authority, as he informed me, of the President assumed command of all the troops I had carried into East Tennessee, and I was relieved from any further control in that department. This necessarily threw additional labor on my staff officers, which they performed cheerfully and to my entire satisfaction.

The energies of my chief quartermaster (Major Edward McMahon) and chief commissary (Major H. W. King) were especially taxed, and they performed their duties with commendable intelligence and success.

During the time I was cut off from my department by the enemy my senior assistant adjutant-general (Major C. S. Stringfellow), whom I had left at the headquarters of the department, performed the responsible duties devolved upon him most intelligently and successfully.

General George B. Crittenden (colonel, C. S. Army) commanded the cavalry from September 10 to the 23rd with judgment, boldness, and success.

When Brigadier-General Williams fell back to Zollicoffer on the 12th, Brigadier General W. E. Jones, who was in southwest Virginia awaiting orders, volunteered to command the cavalry, and did it with his accustomed energy and intelligence.

During these operations a portion of the home guards of East Tennessee turned out and rendered efficient service.

Colonel George R. McClellan and Colonel McLin, commanding the home guards, were especially active and energetic and rendered very valuable service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 26.

Report of Brigadier General John W. Frazer, C. S. Army, commanding forces at Cumberland Gap.

FORT WARREN,

Boston Harbor, November 27, 1864.

The following statement of facts connected with the surrender of the forces under my command at Cumberland Gap to the Federal forces under General Burnside on September 9, 1863, is now made for the satisfaction of friends and as an act of self-defense and protection to my fair fame, which, if I live, shall be vindicated and wiped clean from the unjust aspersions cast upon it. I had the courage on the occasion referred to to risk all that an officer of honor holds dear by doing what, in my best judgment, guided by a conscientious view of duty to my command and to my country, was demanded at my hands, and I have, I hope, shown the not less difficult courage of fortitude in waiting and suffering the dismal delay of a full exculpation from all blame. Should no official opportunity of

