
will now surrender on condition that the officers and men of my command be released on parole.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JNumbers W. FRAZER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

The answer to this is lost. It stated that he (General B[urnside])

would willingly parole the command, but that according to the cartel this arrangement could only be made with generals commanding independent forces in the field, and closed by again demanding surrender, with assurances of kind treatment to the command.*

C. W. FRAZER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General FRAZER,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Cumberland Gap:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general, I have the honor to inform you that he will meet you directly to receive the surrender of your command. He also instructs me to assure you that every privilege shall be granted to yourself and command that the usages of war will permit.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNITED STATES MILITARY PRISON,

Johnson's Island, March 10, 1865.

Captain R. VAN LEER,

Engineer Corps, C. S. Army:

Lieutenant H. WILKINS,

Artillery, C. S. Army, Present:

CAPTAIN AND LIEUTENANT: Believing that we will soon leave this, and when arrived we may be widely separated, I would like you in answer to this to state, as far as you remember (the exact words, if possible), what position you understood Major Printup, commanding Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment, took on the question of surrendering Cumberland Gap on September 9, 1863, after the arrival of re-enforcements under General Burnside, U. S. Army. Major P[rintup] and I differ so widely now, that I desire this in view of certain contingencies which may arise.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. W. FRAZER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

---------------

*For Burnside to Frazer, September 9, see addenda, p. 623.

---------------

