
Captain C. W. FRAZER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I most willingly comply with your request, and submit the following:

On the morning of September 9, 1863, I was requested by General Frazer to deliver a written communication by flag of truce to Colonel De Courcy, U. S. Army. On my return I presented myself to General Frazer, who was conversing with Major Printup. I asked the general what was the news. General Frazer handed me a communication from General Burnside demanding an immediate surrender. I replied that I supposed all was gone. General Frazer remarked there was nothing left but to consent to the last proposition of General Burnside. To the best of my belief I then turned around and asked Major Printup, who stood near, what he thought of the surrender. Major Printup replied that he thought there was nothing else left for General Frazer to do; that he had been in favor of making our escape, but did not think it could be accomplished now.

The above being in substance the conversation I had with Major Printup on the subject of the surrender,

I subscribe myself, your most obedient servant,

RUSH VAN LEER,

Captain, Engineer Corps.

Captain C. W. FRAZER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Provisional Army, C. S.:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your request that I would state what position I understood Major D. S. Printup, commanding Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment, to hold regarding the surrender of Cumberland Gap on September 9, 1863, I beg leave to state that on the day of the surrender of the place, before 11 a. m., I was ordered by General J. W. Frazer to arrange a system of signals upon the two mountains. While performing this duty I was at the tent of Major D. S. Printup and talked with him concerning the position of affairs. Though I am unable to recall the words of the conversation, yet it was such as left clearly upon my mind the impression that he believed a surrender of the place advisable and necessary, and I was much surprised when some days after the surrender I heard the above-mentioned gentleman denouncing the surrender of Cumberland Gap and claiming that he had strenuously opposed it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HAMILTON WILKINS,

Second Lieutenant, C. S. Artillery, Actg. Asst. Engr.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General FRAZER,

Comdg. Confederate Forces, Cumberland Gap:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this morning. In accordance with the course adopted by me in North Carolina and on all occasions when I had the power, I would be glad to accept your proposition and parole your command,

