
Kain's battery, and several others. A few moments before my departure from headquarters firing was heard on the Harlan road, where men of the Sixty-second North Carolina Regiment were on picket, and the officer in command reported to General Frazer that the enemy had attacked him, and that he was slowly falling back. This being the road I was to travel, I must confess I was surprised and mortified to see the manner in which our troops must have given up their position, as there were guns, canteens, and haversacks strewn all along the roads and woods, all of which I felt it my duty to report to General Frazer.

Soon [after] my arrival at headquarters all felt the enemy would bring on the fight, as the time given us to consider the enemy's demand for a surrender was short. Well knowing the enemy's force greatly exceeded ours, but with the odds against us, we were willing to giver the enemy the best we had. The enemy had the country for miles around to derive whatever information they needed, as the majority of the citizens were all known to be friendly toward the United States Government. It was believed by General F[razer] and many of his officers that the enemy had been informed of our force, position, and every other information which would tend to assist them.

At last the time arrived when we were notified by the enemy that they would bring on the engagement. But alas! another white flag was seen, which proved to be a demand from General Burnside, with large re-enforcements which could be seen from the top of the mountain. The document sent by General Burnside turned out to be another demand for a surrender; but coming at this time from a general who commanded the whole Federal army which was sent against the Department of East Tennessee, and with this army now under his command, and learning beyond doubt that General Buckner had retreated before this force which now confronted us, burning the Loudon Bridge across Tennessee River, and showing plainly that we need not expect assistance of any description from General Buckner, and that the ammunition which had been sent for, and was so much needed, could not possibly be sent us (or if sent was captured by the enemy), we were now left alone, with no one to look to for aid. The hour now seemed really ominous. The countenances of many which had presented a cheerful appearance now seemed to change, and all now looked sad.

General Burnside's dispatch was answered. Its contents I am ignorant of. At the time I supposed it was answered with an idea to make preliminaries for a surrender of the gap. A short time elapsed, when General Burnside sent another document. Soon after its reception it was announced that an unconditional surrender had been agreed upon. I must state that I know General Frazer did all that was in his power to get better terms, but could do nothing and was forced to accept the enemy's own terms.

In regard to our position and the ability of General Frazer to contend against this large force, which completely surrounded us, I submit the following: I must confess that with the facts which I will now attempt to enumerate I cannot but think General Frazer did all which could have been accomplished. Our defenses consisted of lines of rifle-pits and five batteries, consisting of two rifled guns, caliber, 3.67; one 12-pounder smooth-bore gun; five 6-pounder

smooth-bore guns; two 12-pounder howitzers, and two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, with a limited amount of ammunition on hand

