
statements contained in that communication. That was as to the relation of your line to that of General Cheatham. There is one other point to which you called my attention, and on which it may be proper to remark: It is that in which I stated that on meeting your staff officer in the road on the night of the 19th I communicated to him my orders. You replied, "If you communicated them to him, they were not communicated by him to me." On this point I have to say my recollection of the conversation with him was that I had orders to attack at daylight; that I wished you to post General Breckinridge as a supporting force to General Cleburne, and that I wished to see you at my headquarters beyond Alexander's Bridge, where I would have couriers posted to direct you. He said, "In regard to the posting of the troops, you had expressed a wish to place Breckinridge on Cleburne's right." I replied, "Then tell General Hill he may post his troops as he pleases." In reply to my question where your headquarters would be, he said they would be at Thedford's Ford.

Referring you to my communication of yesterday's date, I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,Camp near Chattanooga, September 30, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: Your note of the 29th, asking some questions, is received and the following answers returned:

Question 1. "Where were your quarters on the night of the 19th, and how far from mine?"

Answer. My quarters were near the ground occupied by yourself during the day of the 19th, and about 1 mile from where I understood your quarters to be on that night.

Question 2. "Did you received order for the attack from me, and at what hour of night or morning?"

Answer. I received your orders for the attack about 1 [o'clock] on the morning of the 20th.

Question 3. "When and at what time were you ready for the attack?"

Answer. My lines were reformed on the night of the 19th, after the night attack, with four brigades in the front line, and Jackson as a reserve. I was ready at daylight. Just before daylight Captain Wheless, of your staff, passed my quarters, and remarked that the courier had been unable to find General Hill, and that he was then bearing orders to General Cleburne to make the attack at daylight.

Question 4. "At what time in the morning did you first see me on the field."

Answer. To the best of my recollection I saw you at Turner's battery about sunrise, you having, as I understood, just returned from the right of your lines.

Yours, very respectfully,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

