
that which he pronounced good. But I would not rely on ammunition picked out in that way after the boxes having been sunned every fair day as they had.

Second. The inspector condemned 20,000 rounds.

Third. Issued 129,000 rounds to the troops.

Fourth. Left in magazine 71,000 rounds.

Fifth. Artillery ammunition damaged considerably, found by inspections, though the two batteries were full of good ammunition. I further certify on honor that General Frazer ordered me to make a requisition for 50,000 rounds of small-arms ammunition on Major S. H. Reynolds, chief ordnance officer at Knoxville, and at the same time send him a letter telling him the importance of its being forwarded as soon as possible. He was so long about it I think I have heard the general say he had sent a requisition to Lynchburg, Va., for it. Major Reynolds informed by telegraph that the ammunition was on the road to the gap for me, but it never reached the gap.

These are all the facts I know about the surrender of the gap.

P. D. HUNTER,

First Lieutenant, C. S. Art., Post Ord. Officer at Cumberland Gap.

Witness:

THOMAS O'CONNER,

Lieutenant, Kain's Artillery.

STUART HOSPITAL, March 24, 1865.

GENERAL: In accordance with your desire, as expressed upon my return from captivity in the month of December last, I have the honor to submit this report upon the surrender of Cumberland Gap.

The delay attending it has been occasioned by sickness. Some defects may have arisen, inasmuch as I am compelled to rely entirely upon my memory, but I trust it may prove satisfactory.

Cumberland Gap was surrendered on September 9, 1863, at about 5 p. m. All the troops, artillery, small-arms, ammunition, commissary and quartermaster's stores were given up to the enemy, and I may say almost without resistance. About 300 men succeeded in effecting their escape after the surrender, and the arms in their possession were the only stores saved from the large supply we had at the place.

The causes which led to the surrender I cannot state, as the commanding officer must have had reasons which were never made known by him, but which, I hope, will be upon his return from prison. I shall therefore confine my remarks to such facts as I am personally familiar with.

The first intimation we received of the approach of the Yankees was brought in by our chief engineer officer, who had been detailed to accompany a lady to Lexington, Ky., but having met with the enemy near Loudon he was not permitted to proceed farther, and returned, bringing the information that the gap. He also said their commander was General Burnside. Matters progressed quietly for about two weeks, by which time we had concluded they must have gone back, and did not intend to pay us the visit spoken of by the engineer officer. About this time, however, orders were received from headquarters Department of East Tennessee for us evacuate, and in pursuance of said orders I was instructed to prepare all ord-

