
At 12 m. on September 9, information was received that the fight would commence, and one of our batteries fired two shots, for which act the officer in command was threatened with arrest should he fire again. I think our artillery, cavalry, and infantry were all willing and anxious to go into battle. I do know that we had provisions in abundance; over 200 beef cattle and a pile of wheat, which I think contained between 200 and 300 bushels, were surrendered.

I cannot say what loss was sustained by the commissary, but subsequent to the surrender I saw the cattle and wheat referred to. Fifty or 60 wagons and teams were lost. As to other quartermaster's stores I know nothing, but hope that the commissary and quartermaster will make reports, so the actual losses may be correctly ascertained. I can state more correctly the losses sustained by the ordnance department, and shall name articles, kind and quantity, as nearly as possible from memory, as well as the condition of the respective stores at the time of surrender, viz:

Mules 2

Two-horse wagon and harness 1

Mountain howitzers 2

Blank-books 10 or 12

Muskets (some damaged) 300

Rounds Enfield cartridges, caliber.577 56,000

Rounds Enfield cartridges, caliber.58 8,000

Rounds Belgian cartridges, caliber.71 27,000

Rounds assorted 12 and 6 pounder ammunition 250

Sets 4-horse wheel harness 2

Set blacksmith's tools 1

Sets carpenter's tools 3

Quires paper 20

All the ammunition was damaged in consequence of the leaky condition of the magazine.

The battery known as Kain's artillery lost three 6-pounders, rifled, bronze, and one 12-pounder smooth-bore, bronze, together with the carriages, caissons, and 800 rounds of ammunition.

The battery known as the Leyden Artillery [Barnes' Georgia Battery] lost two 6-pounders, iron, and two 12-pounder howitzers, iron, with the carriages and caissons, and 800 rounds of ammunition.

The following-named articles were also lost:

Battery wagon, fully equipped 1

Battery forge, fully equipped 1

24-pounders, rifled, unfit for service 2

30-pounder Parrots, unfit for service 4

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. HUNTER,

First Lieutenant, Artillery, P. A., C. S., Ordnance Officer.

General J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

BUREAU OF ORDNANCE,

Richmond, Va., March 29, 1965.

This report has been somewhat abridged, but contains all the essential information required. The original is on file in this bureau.

J. GORGAS,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnance, C. S. Army.

