
Numbers 30.

Report of Captain J. H. Wright, Fifty-fifth Georgia Infantry.

ZOLLICOFFER, TENN., September 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor, in accordance with your wish, to communicate such facts as came under my observation, and information received from General Frazer and Major Printup themselves:

On Saturday, September 5, the enemy appeared on the south side of the mountain, commanded by Brigadier-General Shackelford. General Frazer promptly disposed of his troops, consisting of the following regiments: Fifty-fifth Georgia, commanded by Major Printup; Sixty-fourth North Carolina, commanded by Colonel Slemp; Captain Barnes' (Georgia) battery and Captain Kain's (Tennessee) battery, commanded by Lieutenant O'Conner, and Colonel Carter's (First Tennessee) cavalry. Colonel Carter was ordered up the Virginia Valley to harass the enemy and keep General Frazer advised of their movements. The Fifty-fifth Georgia and two batteries (the Summit and Numbers 2) occupied the right mountain. The Sixty-fourth Virginia and Sixty-fourth North Carolina on the left mountain, and occupying the gap proper. The Sixty-second North Carolina in the rifle-pits, commanding both the Harlan and Kentucky roads.

Having moved all our commissary stores, munitions, &amp;c., to the top of the mountain, we awaited the enemy's advance, when, to our great surprise, about 12 m. on Sunday (6th) we received a flag of truce from General Shackelford demanding an immediate and unconditional surrender, which was promptly refused.

About 3 p. m. the enemy commenced shelling us from a battery planted 3 miles south, on the Tazewell road.

At night General Frazer posted 60 North Carolina pickets around the mill. A small party of the enemy's cavalry advanced and fired into them. The guard fled and the mill was burned.

On the morning of the 7th, General Shackelford renewed his demand for a surrender, General F[razer] again promptly refusing.

In the p. m. of the same day General De Courcy made a similar demand from the north side of the mountain. General F[razer] still promptly refusing, some shelling and picket skirmishing occurring during the intervals.

On Tuesday (8th), Major-General Burnside, under flag, made a similar demand, stating that he had just arrived with heavy re-enforcements. General Frazer then called a council of war, consisting of Colonel Slemp, Sixty-fourth Virginia; Lieutenant-Colonel Garrett, Sixty-fourth North Carolina; Major Printup, Fifty-fifth Georgia; Major McDowell, Sixty-second North Carolina; Captain Barnes, of the Georgia battery, and Lieutenant O'Conner, of Captain Kain's battery. The council adjourned 9 p. m. without a decision, Colonel Slemp, Lieutenant-Colonel Garrett and Major McDowell favoring, and Major Printup, Captain Barnes, and Lieutenant O'Conner opposing [a surrender], as I learned from Major P[rintup]

at the time.

On the morning of the 9th, General Frazer commenced capitulating for terms, which were refused, and at 4 p. m. an unconditional surrender was made.

We surrendered 2,026 prisoners, 12 pieces of artillery, about 2,000

