
stand small-arms, 15,000 pounds flour 2,000 bushels wheat 10,000 to 18,000 pounds bacon, 150 head beef cattle, 200 head horses and mules, 50 wagons, camp equipage, &amp;c.

General Frazer gave as his reasons for the surrender-

First. That his ammunition wa short, 30,000 rounds of small ammunition having been rendered worthless by the leakage of the magazine. Additional supplies were promised him, but were never sent to Morristown.

Second. After the burning of the mill, the precipitate flight of the guard, with other circumstances, he was convinced that he had but one entire regiment, and fractional parts of the others, that could be relied upon.

Third. The North Carolina regiments held his water supplies, and he was convinced that they would abandon them on first fire.

Fourth. That he was surrounded by at least 12,000 of the enemy's troops, with no hope of relief, they having 20-pounder Parrott guns that could be planted upon the mountain peaks surrounding us, bearing upon every part of his command, while his guns would not reach them.

Fifth. That the Virginia Valley must be full of the enemy's forces, else Colonel Carter would have been heard from.

Permit me, general, in conclusion, to say that I have the utmost confidence in General Frazer's courage and capacity, believing that he can furnish reasons for his course.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. H. WRIGHT,

Captain, and Acting Quartermaster 55th Ga. Regt.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Comdg. Dept. Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

Numbers 31.

Report of Major B. G. McDowell, Sixty-second North Carolina Infantry.

ZOLLICOFFER, EAST TENN., September 16, 1863.

MAJOR: Having made my escape from the enemy at Cumberland Gap after being surrendered as a prisoner of war by Brigadier-General Frazer, commanding Confederate forces, I deem it my duty to state to the major-general commanding some of the facts connected with the surrender of the garrison:

On Saturday, the 5th instant, the enemy made their appearance on the north side of the mountain in small force; supposed to be about 40 strong. After a short skirmish with our pickets they retired in the direction of Cumberland Ford.

On Monday (the 7th), General Shackelford made his appearance in our rear, on the south side the mountain, on the Tazewell road, 3 miles from the gap, with three regiments. He (Shackelford) immediately demanded an unconditional surrender of the garrison, giving until 3 p. m. for a reply. This demand was refused.

On Tuesday morning (the 8th), Shackelford repeated the demand for the surrender of gap, which was again refused.

On Tuesday evening Colonel De Courcy made his appearance on the north side the mountain in our front. The number of his forces could not be ascertained, though it was said to be sixteen regiments. He at once demanded an unconditional surrender of the garrison.

