
gradually fell back to Jonesborough. Agreeably to your instructions, I moved General Jackson's infantry along the line of the railroad and the cavalry toward Blountsville.

On the 13th instant, the enemy again made his appearance and attacked our cavalry near Blountsville, using artillery chiefly. The cavalry, under Brigadier General William E. Jones, maintained their position until evening, when they fell back toward Zollicoffer and were met by Brigadier-General Wharton's brigade of infantry, which had arrived that morning, and which I had ordered to the support of the cavalry. Brigadier General William E. Jones informed me that the enemy's force in his front was large, and that a heavy force with a wagon train had turned his right by the Reedy Creek road and were moving upon Bristol. I dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher with his (Thirty-fourth Virginia) battalion by the Beaver Creek road to get into the enemy's front and detain him by skirmishing until our main force could march from Zollicoffer to Bristol, which he did in an admirable manner. I at once put the whole force in motion, sending the wagons and cattle by the Paperville road and marching the troops straight to Bristol. The enemy being on the main Bristol and Abingdon turnpike, and also on the Reedy Creek road, I was compelled to fall back to a point beyond which these two roads united, near which place I found a good position to make a stand, and here I posted my artillery and troops in line to receive the enemy.

The next morning he advanced with several regiments of cavalry within 6 miles of Abingdon, but for some reason as yet unexplained he suddenly commenced a retrograde movement, which took place about the time of your arrival.

Where so many have behaved well it is impossible to do justice to all, but I cannot close this communication without testifying my entire satisfaction with the conduct of Lieutenants Schoolfield, Loyd, and Graham, of the artillery. I am greatly indebted to my staff officers-Captains Stanton, Meyer, Guerrant, and Jenkins, and Frank Miller-for gallant and efficient services rendered not only upon the battle-field, but throughout the campaign.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Blountsville, Tenn., November 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following supplemental report, to wit, that subsequent information of the most positive and reliable character, as well as the official report of General Burnside, satisfies me that I greatly underestimated the enemy's strength at Blue Springs. General Burnside was in that engagement himself with nearly his entire army, which did not fall far short of 15,000 men. The two regiments and battalion of Yankees which I mention in my original report as having attacked and forced our center, but were repulsed with heavy loss in their assault upon our batteries, General Burnside mentions as an entire division of infantry. This

