
mistake might easily have been made, from the undulating and wooded character of the ground and the short duration of their unsuccessful effort to take our guns. I herewith inclose you a copy of General Burnside's report.*

Very respectfully,

JNumbers S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 35.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Milton A. Haynes, C. S. Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTY. FOURTH DIST., DEPT. OF EAST TENN.,Jonesborough, September 12, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to the orders of the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to inclose to you the reports+ of Lieutenants Blackwell and Graham, of Burroughs' battery, in regard to the engagement with the Federal force commanded by Colonel Hayes, of the One hundredth Ohio Regiment, on the 8th instant. These officers have detailed the incidents of the 8th so well that I have but little to add.

On the 6th, as you know, our whole force was at Bristol, on which day we marched to Jonesborough, arriving there on the morning of the 7th. The enemy had already been in Jonesborough, taken away many citizens prisoners and carried them off, and having possession of the trains south of Jonesborough, they told their Union friends (as reported to us) that they would be back on the 8th. Many citizens had been despoiled by the enemy, and my forces were anxious to avenge their wrongs.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 8th, General Jackson sent me an order requiring me to send immediately forward one piece of artillery. I sent a 6-pounder with 60 rounds and went myself to see them off, but at the general's headquarters I was met by one of his officials, who told me I was ordered to remain in charge. I returned to my quarters, and early in the morning I heard the sound of artillery and then of small-arms. An order soon came requiring two companies of infantry, which were sent.

About 8 o'clock in the morning a messenger came from General Jackson, saying: "Send me all your artillery and all the infantry except one company." My artillery was already harnessed and every man at his post, and at the word they were on the march, and Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's battalion, North Carolina Volunteers, 300 strong, followed. Arriving at Telford's Station, where we had the battle of the morning, we saw our wounded and heard that the enemy were in retreat, and that General Jackson was in pursuit.

Not knowing in what direction friends or foes had gone, we pursued in a gallop, and at about 9 o'clock we heard the discharge of artillery at Limestone Bridge. Pursuing our course as rapidly as possible, we soon came to the scene of action and placed our pieces in battery. At that moment Colonel Giltner, of the Kentucky cavalry, with his men, dismounted, was engaged with the enemy on the oppo-

---------------

*See p. 547.

+Not found.

---------------

