
heights, and soon afterward the enemy in front attacked the cavalry under General Crittenden, and for three hours a sharp skirmish was kept up between our forces and the enemy. During this time the enemy pushed forward a battery of 3-inch rifled guns (Parrott) and opened upon our batteries, but, by direction of myself and Colonel King, our batteries never returned their fire.

During this time I rode forward to the scene of the engagement and requested General Crittenden to allow me to bring my guns into the action, but he told me that at that moment they would be of no use.

Soon after a train arrived from Zollicoffer, bearing General John S. Williams and his brigade, of which was the Forty-fifth Virginia, commanded by Colonel Browne. I immediately went with General Williams to examine the position of our forces, and, by his orders, during that night I constructed a foot-bridge on trestles across the Wautaga River, a half a mile above the railroad bridge, in order to effect a communication with our forces who were stationed on the opposite side of the river. In the construction of this bridge I was aided by Colonel Johnson, of Arkansas, and the Honorable Joseph B. Heiskell, member of Congress from Tennessee, both of whom were volunteers for the occasion, and at 9 o'clock that night the bridge was completed.

At 3 o'clock in the morning of the 20th, the enemy, having advanced a battery of rifled pieces, opened a spirited fire upon the depot, where there then were three trains loaded with quartermaster's and commissary stores to be sent to Zollicoffer, but, by order of General Williams, neither our batteries nor our infantry returned the fire of the enemy.

In the morning our cavalry, dismounted, under General Crittenden, advanced upon the enemy, and for some two or three hours skirmished with them. During this time two regiments of the enemy having passed, with banners flying and drums beating under the shelter of a hill deployed in front of McClung's battery, which was on the south side of the river, at about 500 yards' distance, evidently with the intention of storming it, and Captain McClung (although commanded not to fire without my orders) opened upon them with spherical case, and after about 40 rounds no enemy was to be seen except the dead.

In the afternoon the enemy suddenly displayed a battery of artillery in a point of woods near our position, and then General Williams said,"Turn your guns loose," and, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel King, Lowry's battery of Napoleen guns and Burroughs' battery of rifled guns opened upon the enemy's battery, and in about twenty minutes the enemy was no longer to be seen.

After dark General Williams ordered me to take three companies of infantry across the river, deploy them as skirmishers, and bring on an action at the setting of the moon. Lieutenant-Colonel King, of the artillery, was to take charge of Colonel Browne's regiment, which was to support me by a movement on the right. In obedience to this order, I deployed three companies as skirmishers, at 8 paces, covering the entire front of the enemy's pickets and within 200 yards of them, with orders to open upon the enemy when the moon set; and it was already in the trees, when an order came to me by Assistant Adjutant-General Reese requiring me to withdraw my forces and McClung's battery and burn the bridge, which order was given to me in the name of Major General Sam. Jones, communicated from

