
Zollicoffer by telegraph. This order was obeyed, except I had to abandon the carriages of McClung's battery, bringing off the metal only, and the three companies posted on the hill to the left of McClung's battery effected their escape by crossing on the trestle bridge, which had been built the night before by order of General Williams.

And that night, at 4 o'clock, I starter with all my guns to Zollicoffer, where I reported to Major General Samuel Jones for duty, at 9 o'clock in the morning.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON A. HAYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, P. A., C. S., Commanding Artillery.

Major STANTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-Sent informally, because I cannot now communicate with my commanding officer.

MILTON A. HAYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Numbers 36.

Report of Colonel John M. Hughs, Twenty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.

DALTON, GA., April 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of my operations in Middle Tennessee:

On the 16th August, 1863, I received orders from General Bragg, then commanding the Army of Tennessee, to proceed to Middle Tennessee with 20 men from my regiment (Twenty-fifth Tennessee) and with orders for Captain Amonett, with his cavalry company-then in Middle Tennessee-to report to me for the purpose of collecting absentees,&amp;c. I was also furnished by my brigade commander with a letter of instructions, and with authority from Lieutenant-Colonel Blake, chief of conscription in East Tennessee, to enforce conscription.

Accordingly, on the 18th August, I started on the expedition. The brigade was then stationed at Loudon, Tenn., about 85 miles distant from the localities in which I was to operate, and my men having to march on foot, nothing was done in the way of our appropriate duty until the 25th August, when, all being mounted, and Amonett's company having reported, we set to work. At this time all was quite, and in few days some 18 or 20 stragglers were gathered up, when rumor informed me that the enemy were passing through both Overton and White Counties, and on sending out scouts I found the report to be true. They were passing in considerable force, both via Sparta and Livingston, and had completely cut off my communication with the army both by Crossville and Kingston and by Jamestown, Tenn. I sought a remote place in the county to encamp my command, and several days were occupied in ascertaining whether we could get back to the army. I became satisfied that it was too dangerous an undertaking, and was compelled to release what men we had under guard.

It now being out of my power to collect and sent men to the army, the least we could employ ourselves at was operating against the enemy, whose presence had greatly emboldened the Union tories,

