
Here I halted and gave directions to Captain Mackey how he should maneuver his company, dividing both companies into four platoons, each under command of a commissioned officer. Every man being in readiness, I ordered the charge, which resulted in the capture of Major Dick McCann and 14 others, together with 27 horses, their arms and equipments. The notorious guerrilla chief was captured by Private Martin W. Culp, of my company, and first recognized as the same by Lieutenant William Davis, who immediately introduced the gentleman to me. I of course had him well cared for, with the others of his command who fell into my hands. I fed my horses and rested at Weems' Springs until noon, when I started for Franklin, Tenn., where I arrived with my command soon after dark on the 19th instant. Here I turned Major Dick McCann and prisoners over to the provost-marshal, and rested my men and horses until the afternoon of the 22nd instant, when I departed with my company for Nashville, arriving there about 8 p. m. without the loss of a single man or horse.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed on Captain Mackey and the officers and men of his company, also to First Lieutenant William Davis and men of my company, for their gallant behavior throughout the entire expedition, having traveled 105 miles in less than twenty-four hours.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES CLIFFORD,

Captain Co. F, First Missouri Cav.,

Major General G. Granger's Escort, Comdg. Expedition.

Captain WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, August 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters.

Dick McCann and his associates are confined in Nashville penitentiary.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 1-10, 1863.-Expeditions from Paducah, Ky., and Union City, Tenn., to Conyersville, Tenn., and Skirmish September 5.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Gustav Herpich, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry.

PADUCAH, KY., September 18, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of expedition under Maj W. M. Mabry, One hundred and eleventh Illi-

