
I arrived at Murray, Ky., on the 4th instant and reported accordingly.

On the 5th instant, Major Mabry, of One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, commanding the forces, ordered me with 20 men to proceed to Conyersville, Tenn., to intercept a party of guerrillas, while he sent Lieutenant Robberson, of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Mounted Infantry, by another route to the same place for the same purpose. At about 1.30 p. m. of the same day I got sight of the advance guard of the guerrillas on the road where the Twenty-fourth

Missouri Mounted Infantry had to come in. I ordered my men to charge on them, which they did in a most gallant style, but coming in close range, they fired a volley at us, which, although, did not stop my men to advance guard of the guerrillas on the road where the Twenty-fourth Missouri Mounted Infantry had to come in. I ordered my men to charge on them, which they did in a most gallant style, but coming in close range, they fired a volley at us, which, although, did not stop my men to advance, but at the same time the Twenty-fourth Missouri Mounted Infantry, in the rear of the enemy, fired a volley into them, which made them throw down their arms, jump off their horses, and run up a steep hill. I ordered a part of my men to the right and left to surround the hill; also one part to charge after them. The infantry I ordered to dismount and search the brush, which was very thick. The cavalry succeeded in heading them, killing 6, wounding 2 (1 severely), taking 1 prisoner, the infantry manly supporting them. After about one hour's engagement, finding out that I had slain, wounded, and captured almost the entire force of the guerrillas, I withdrew my men and ordered Lieutenant Robberson to Proceed back to Murray, Ky., the same way he came. I also went back to Murray, Ky., on the straightest road, notifying the citizens of Conyersville, Tenn., to bury the dead.

Among the killed was Captain John E. McGuire and Lieutenant Foster (both having the oath of allegiance to the United States in their pockets, as well as a list of the members of their companies).

Coming back to Murray, Ky., I reported the facts to Major Mabry, commanding forces, and handed over to him all the captured documents and papers, as well as horses.

Major Mabry, intending to move on toward Paris, Tenn., kept me with him until September 7, when he marched on with the whole force, sending a part of my command in advance, and another to the right and left on different roads to Conyersville. Arrived at Conyersville, he found out that a force of United States troops was at and around Paris, Tenn. He ordered me back with my command to Union City, Tenn., through the Obion Swamps. I arrived here, without any further interruption, September 10, 1863.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

GUSTAV HERPICH,

First Lieutenant Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Comdg. Expedition.

Colonel JAMES K. MILLS,

Commanding First Brigade, Sixth Division,

Sixteenth Army Corps, Union City, Tenn.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1863.-Skirmish at Holly Springs, Miss.

Report of Major Thomas H. Boswell, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

[SEPTEMBER 7, 1863.]

COLONEL: We had a tight little fight in Holly Springs this evening. There were about 125 rebels here, and they fought for a while like wild-cats; but when we charged on them they, as usual, ran.

