
The best information I can get is that there is a large force between here and Hernando, on Coldwater. I will stay several miles out toward La Grange to-night. Mitchell has about 100 men. I want to capture him. We have several prisoners.

You need not come with less than, 1,000 well mounted and armed men. A little artillery would not hurt.

T. H. BOSWELL,

Major.

Colonel HURST, [La Grange, Tenn.]

SEPTEMBER 7, 1863.-Skirmish near Jacinto (or Glendale), Miss.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel W. Ferguson, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Corinth, Miss., September 7, 1863.

[GENERAL: ] The following just received from Colonel Morrill, of Glendale:

My cavalry were attacked this morning about 6 miles beyond Jacinto; have fought their way through back 1 mile this side of Jacinto.

I have sent out the rest of the cavalry, and have asked Colonel Burke to re-enforce them.

Colonel Morrill's cavalry out is only four companies.

I have ordered out two regiments of cavalry from here to go to their assistance.

CARR,Brigadier-General.

Major-General HURLBUT.

Numbers 2.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel W. Ferguson, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Tupelo, September 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose certain papers* in relation to the organization of the cavalry, to which I invite your attention.

The enemy day before yesterday advanced in small force from vicinity of Jacinto, and were driven back by Major Ham's mounted troops to within a short distance of Glendale, where they were re-enforced, and I yesterday received application from Major Ham for assistance. I at once ordered Colonel Inge on that duty, his regiment being at the time at Fulton, to which point they had been marched the night previous in consequence of a rumored advance of the enemy on that point. I fear the enemy will be back before Inge can overtake them. I will move north and attack the enemy the moment I receive the arms for which I have been waiting.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

