
Owens' battery reported to me yesterday at this point. I hope you have been able to send Major Bridges to me before this. I need his services very much.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry.

SEPTEMBER 11-16, 1863.-Expedition from Corinth, Miss., to Henderson, Tenn., with Skirmishes at Clark's Creek Church (13th) and near Henderson (14th).

Report of Major George H. Estabrook, Seventh Illinois (mounted) Infantry.

CORINTH, MISS., September 16, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report:

Agreeably to orders from headquarters Left Wing, I started with the Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry and 100 men of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, under Major Lusk, in all 400 men, at 4 p. m. September 11, camping that night 6 miles south of Adamsville, avoiding Purdy on the route.

Started early next morning, and marched to within 4 miles of Jack's Creek, avoiding all main roads, and camping on a road leading from the Lexington to Saltillo road; learned on the route that Newsom, Wilson, and others were to concentrate their forces at or near Jack's Creek on Saturday and Sunday, 12th and 13th instant, and to gather up their conscripts preparatory to crossing the river.

This evening, as I was preparing to encamp, my advance encountered an outpost or scouting party of the enemy and gave them chase, capturing one of Newsom's command. I sent 100 men, under command of Captain Johnson, to Jack's Creek to reconnoiter; met the enemy's pickets 1 mile east of town, drove them in, and dashed into town, the enemy having taken position near Beaver's Mills, 3 miles farther north and reported in force, and it being too dark for farther successful reconnoitering, the expedition returned to camp about 12 midnight.

Next morning 13th, received dispatches from Captain Harrison, then at Adamsville, on his way to Corinth with prisoners, &amp;c. My orders being to clean out what guerrillas I might find, as well as to form a junction with Harrison, I felt at liberty to move on in pursuit of Newsom, and so marched forward, encountering a small squad of the enemy, who were evidently on the lookout, about 1 mile north of Jack's Creek, captured 1 man, and pushed steadily forward to Beaver's Mills, after fully exploring the timber where the enemy had that morning been encamped. Halted command at Beaver's Mills, and sent a reconnoitering party of cavalry toward Clark's Creek Church, where it was reported the enemy were to meet in an advantageous position.

This church is 3 miles from the mills. The party sent reported the enemy in force at the church with strong pickets. Pushed forward, driving in the pickets, the enemy breaking up into small squads, and scattering in different directions through the country.

