
Followed the main force in a southwest direction to Bray's Mills, on Clark's Creek, our advance having frequent skirmishes and capturing several of the enemy; encamped that night at the ford near Bray's house on road to Henderson.

Learning from refugees who came to camp that night that the enemy were probably encamped in swamp just north of Henderson, protected by cane-brake, I pushed forward next morning to Henderson, and sent 100 mounted infantry and 50 cavalry to beat up their camp, holding the remainder of the force in reserve.

The enemy had decamped, probably taking the road toward Jackson, where they had already sent 60 conscripts.

Our rations being exhausted, and not deeming it advisable to pursue the enemy farther, I started next morning for Corinth.

About 5 miles out from Henderson, on the Purdy road, my rear guard was attacked by 100 of Wilson's command. In driving off this force 1 man of the Tenth Missouri was killed; 2 horses also killed; not known what damage was inflicted on the enemy.

Had learned the day before that Wilson was encamped at or near Medon, and during the skirmish Lieutenant Harrison, of the scouts, who had been sent to Montezuma for news, captured a citizen named Henry Hanns, about one-half mile from the enemy's attack and running toward Montezuma, evidently being a spy. Lieutenant Harrison called on him to halt, which he refused, when he was fired upon and wounded, but he still refused to halt until knocked from his horse. He is now in stockade with other prisoners. From this place my rear was continually harassed until within 6 miles of Purdy.

Encamped 3 miles north of Purdy and returned to Corinth the morning of the 16th.

I captured 21 prisoners of Newsom's and Wilson's command, also 21 horses and mules.

I also brought in 6 citizens charged with harboring and feeding guerrillas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. ESTABROOK,

Major Seventh Illinois Infantry, Comdg. Expedition.

Lieutenant J. W. BARNES,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Left Wing 16th Army Corps.

SEPTEMBER 11-16, 1863.-Expedition from La Grange to Toone's Station, Tenn., with Skirmish (16th) at Montezuma.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William K. M. Breckenridge, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,La Grange, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

Lieutenant J. K. CATLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of a scout to Toone's Station by this brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Breckenridge, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

