
CAMP 6TH TENN. CAV., Grand Junction, Tenn., September 19, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance to special orders, No.-, ordering all the available forces of the brigade to advance to Toone's Station, where 800 of the enemy were reported to be locating, at 3 p. m. on the 13th September, 1863, Major W. J. Smith, with a detachment of 200 men from the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, was ordered to proceed by the most direct route to Bolivar, Tenn., to take possession of the ferry across the Hatchie River, and hold it until he was joined by the remainder of the brigade.

At 6 p. m. I left camp at La Grange in command of the brigade en route for Toone's Station. I reached the Hatchie River at sunrise on the 14th, and had the entire command crossed over by 9 a. m. I was then in 4 miles of the reported position of the enemy. I so disposed of the troops under my command as to surround their position, which was done about 11.30 a. m., but the enemy was not to be found. The citizens reported to me that Newsom, with about 500 men under his command, had abandoned his position at that place on the evening previous, and went off in the direction of Jack's Creek, Tenn., by way of Clover Creek and Medon Station.

Finding the enemy too far in the advance for immediate pursuit, I decided to proceed on after them as far as Clover Creek, and camp for the night. I sent two companies, under command of Captain Hodges, out on the trail of the enemy with instructions to go as far as Medon Station, and to ascertain, if possible, the direction taken or location of the enemy. The most reliable information I could obtain from that place was that Newsom's command had been divided, about half proceeding in the direction of Jackson, Tenn., and the other half in the direction of Jack's Creek, Tenn.

And on the 15th, I moved with the command about 8 miles on the Jackson road, to where it was intersected with the Denmark and Mifflin road. I then decided that farther pursuit was vain, as we had left camp with but one day's rations.

Turning my course in the southeast direction, with the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry thrown out on the left, with instructions to reach Pocahontas at 6 p. m. on the 16th. The Seventh Tennessee Cavalry was thrown to the right with the same instructions, covering a space of about 6 miles on each side of the road. The brigade was composed of the Third, Ninth, and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, and the Sixth and Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, and I, with the Third, Ninth, and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, proceeded to Medon Station, and from thereon to Montezuma, and when in about 5 miles of Montezuma the advance guard met up with a squad of the enemy and killed 8 of them and took 14 prisoners, and the remainder of them made their escape through the woods and brush. I then proceeded on to Montezuma with the prisoners and camped for the night, and the next morning (the 17th), about 6 o'clock, I proceeded to Pocahontas with the command. I got there about 4.30 p. m., and camped for the night. The Sixth and Seventh Tennessee Cavalry rejoined the command at about 6.30 p. m. The next morning (the 18th), about 8 o'clock, I left Pocahontas for camp at La Grange, Tenn. I did not come up with any more of the enemy, but there are several bands of them over the country, plundering and taking everything that is left in the country for the Union families to live upon. I arrived at La Grange about 4 a. m., thus closing the expedition.

W. K. M. BRECKENRIDGE.

[Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.]

