
SEPTEMBER 19-25, 1863.-Expedition from Fort Pillow to Jackson, Tenn

Report of Colonel Edward H. Wolfe, Fifty-second Indiana Infantry,

commanding Fort Pillow.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF FORT PILLOW,SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to report that, on the 19th instant, I ordered Captain Frank Moore, with five companies Second Illinois Cavalry and two companies Fifty-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers (mounted infantry), to proceed on scout in direction of Jackson, Tenn., with orders to thoroughly scout the country.

This expedition returned Friday evening last, having accomplished that object.

Captain Moore reports having met no force of the enemy, it being impossible to prevent the numerous bands of guerrilla that infest the country from receiving information of his approach, although his movements were made as rapidly and quietly as possible.

Captain Moore brings in 6 prisoners, 3 of whom will be sent up to-day under guard. Two will be released on oath and bond, as there is not sufficient charges or evidence against them to justify forwarding as prisoners. One will be held here in confinement until some additional evidence can be procured.

On the 20th instant, I also ordered Captain Negley, Company K, Fifty-second Indiana Volunteers, with 50 men, to proceed some 30 miles up the river into Arkansas for the purpose of arresting Private Alonzo R. Armstrong, Company K, Fifty-second Indiana Volunteers, who was confined here as a prisoner on charge of desertion, awaiting his trial, and who made his escape on the night of the 19th instant.

Captain Negley was also ordered at the same time to look after any guerrillas that might be in that vicinity, and, if necessary for the accomplishment of these purposes, to mount his force, taking horses from citizens of known and avowed disloyalty.

This expedition also returned on Friday last, having failed to find deserter Armstrong, but bringing with them 5 prisoners, including Captain Ferring, of the rebel army; also 30 horses.

The majority of the horses taken belonged to Captain Ferring's men. Prisoners will be forwarded to-day per first steamer under suitable guard.

In consequence of Captain Moore having received marching orders and his time occupied in preparations to move, I have made out the required rolls in triplicate as required by General Orders. Captain Moore, with four companies of cavalry, left this morning for Union City.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain JOHN HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Sixth Division, 16th Army Corps.

