
SEPTEMBER 20-30, 1863.-Expedition from Paducah., Ky., to McLemoresville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDER POST,Paducah, Ky., September 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition under my command from the 20th instant to the present date:

I left this post on Sunday, the 20th; joined expedition at Mayfield, Ky., at 12 m. The information gained from the Union men in that vicinity was that Faulkner, Bell, and Greer were at Paris, Tenn., with their forces, estimated at 800, and that they were raiding between that place and Murray. I started Major Walker, Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, with his command (116), with orders to proceed to Murray without delay, surround the town, and arrest any guerrillas or thieves he might find, and to ascertain the movements and intentions of the rebels, and then to join the main force at Boydsville on the eve of the 21st instant; also to leave the impression on the citizens of Murray that he was falling back on Mayfield.

Captain Knispel, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, with his command, having reported to me at 3 p. m., I immediately moved forward toward Boydsville, and camped 7 miles south of Mayfield; 21st, at 7 a. m., took up line of march. Captain Howe, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, with his command, reported and joined us 2 miles south of camp. Arrived at Boydsville at 4 p. m.; camped 2 miles east of the town. Major Waller arrived from Murray at 10 o'clock; reported that the rebels were in force at Paris, but could find none at Murray. A small squad had been there, but had fallen back to Paris. I also had a statement from Mr. Kelzoe, who left that place at 10 a. m., corroborating the information brought by Major Waller; 22nd, captain catlin, with detachment One hundred and first Illinois Mounted Infantry, reported to me and joined my command, making all the forces that were sent out. Took up line of march at 4 o'clock a. m. After a forced march of 20 miles, we arrived at Paris at 2 p. m., made a charge upon the town with the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, but the rebels had succeeded in getting away, having left Paris at 2 p. m. on the 21st instant in the direction of Camden; also learned that their armed force was only 300, and they had between 200 and 300 conscripts, but all were mounted. Hoping to catch them before they got across the Tennessee River, I immediately dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Black in command of 300 cavalry in pursuit of them, with orders to proceed to Camden, and thence to Tennessee River, and that if the rebels had got across the river, to proceed to Huntingdon with his command, and I would communicate with him at that point.

Colonel Black left Paris at 3 a. m. the 23rd instant. I then sent out scouting parties in all directions from Paris to gather reliable information and pick up any stragglers they might find. My scouts returned at night; one squad brought in a deserter from Newsom's command, who reported that Newsom was advancing on Huntingdon to effect a junction with Colonel Faulkner. Also got information that Bell and Greer with the conscripts had crossed the Tennessee and that Faulkner had gone in the direction of Huntingdon. I immediately ordered the whole command to be in readiness to march,

