
and we left Paris at 5 a. m. the 24th, made a forced march of 23 miles, and camped 2 miles this side of Huntingdon. Sent a courier to Colonel Black and at midnight received a dispatch from him that Faulkner was encamped with his command at McLemoresville, 9 miles from Huntingdon. I immediately started with all the mounted force, leaving orders with the infantry to proceed at daylight, and joined Colonel Black at Huntingdon and moved on McLemore's, arriving there at 6 a. m. Made a dash into the town and rebel camp, but learned that Faulkner had left at 10 o'clock the previous night; we were eight hours behind. Horses and men being tired, we encamped and awaited the arrival of the infantry forces. Sent out scouting parties on all the principal thoroughfares leading from the town, and learned that the rebels had taken the Jackson road and were making for the Spring Creek Bottoms. The infantry arrived at Huntingdon at 1 p. m.; command rested till 5 a. m. 26th, and took up the march for Dresden; camped within 5 miles of that place; 27th, 4 p. m., Captain Howe's detachment, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and Captain Catlin's detachment, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and Captain Catlin's detachment, One hundred and first Illinois Mounted Infantry, were ordered to proceed to Union City and report to commanding officer, and also to turn over stock taken by them to the post quartermaster. Expedition took up line of march at daybreak for Fulton Station, arriving there at sunset; 28th, Captain Knispel's detachment, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, were ordered to proceed to Columbus, Ky., and report. The infantry forces took the train and arrived at this post about dark. Major Waller, with his command, in charge of baggage train and captured property, came through the country and arrived here all safe at 10 this forenoon. Expedition consisted of the following commands:

Detachment One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Black commanding, 17 commissioned, 310 enlisted; detachment Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, Major Waller commanding, 7 commissioned, 116 enlisted; detachment, one 6-pounder gun, Lieutenant Cunningham commanding, 1 commissioned, 15 enlisted; detachment Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Captain Howe commanding, 5 commissioned, 175 enlisted; detachment Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Captain Knispel commanding, 3 commissioned, 78 enlisted; detachment One hundred and first Illinois Mounted Infantry, Captain Catlin commanding, 4 commissioned, 123 enlisted.

The officers and men have been prompt and energetic in all the movements required of them, having averaged over 20 miles per day. There was but little sickness, hardly worth mentioning; all stood the march well. Three prisoners were taken, who will be forwarded to Columbus with the charges against them.

The following property was captured and pressed into the service during the scout: 23 mules, 23 horses, 17 old saddles, 8 single sets harness, 9 old bridles, 4 two-horse wagons, 5 old rifle guns, 2 old shotguns, and 1 Colt revolver, all of which has been turned over to the post quartermaster.

Captain Catlin pressed into his service before reporting to me the following property: 41 mules, 56 horses, and 4 wagons and harness, all of which I ordered him to turn over to quartermaster at Union City.

Respectfully, yours,

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel 111th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Comdg. Sixth Div., 16th Army Corps, Columbus, Ky.

42 R R-VOI XXX, PT II

