
SEPTEMBER 22-30, 1863.-Transfer of the First, Second, and Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, from Vicksburg, Miss.,to Chattanooga, Tenn.

Itinerary of the First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, commanded by Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, for September and October, 1863.*

September 22.-The division left camp at Black River Bridge and marched thence to Vicksburg, Miss., and proceeded on transport by river to Memphis, Tenn.; moved thence by railroad to Corinth, Miss.

September 30.-Encamped on Clear Creek, 1 mile east of Corinth, Miss.

October 10.-The division left Iuka, crossing the Alabama State line the next day; marched to Cherokee Station, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, having almost daily skirmishes with the rebel cavalry.

October 26.-Engaged the rebel cavalry at Cane Creek.

October 27.-Engaged the concentrated rebel forces at Little Bear Creek.

October 28.-Occupied Tuscumbia, returning the next day to the old camp at Cherokee Station.

October 30.-Arrived at Chickasaw Landing, on the Tennessee River. During these operations the Third U. S. Cavalry, Captain Howland commanding, and the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Heath commanding, were temporarily attached to the division.

FIRST BRIGADE.

October 1.-A part of this brigade was encamped near Corinth, Miss., and a part was at Memphis, Tenn. Having collected at Corinth in marched to Iuka.

October 12.-Arrived at Iuka.

October 17.- Left Iuka and marched to Cherokee Station, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

October 26.-It advanced with the division to Tuscumbia, skirmishing with the enemy all the way, and losing 1 killed and 8 wounded.

Returning from Tuscumbia it marched to Chickasaw, on the Tennessee River, arriving on the 31st.

ARTILLERY BATTALION.

October 1.-Left Memphis by railroad; arrived at Corinth, Miss.; left there and marched to Iuka, Cherokee Station, and Tuscumbia, Ala; from Cherokee Station to Tuscumbia and return; fought a strong rebel force well supplied with artillery; beat them each time on five different days. No loss to the artillery.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1863.-Skirmish near Winchester, Tenn.

Report of Colonel J. Z. George, Fifth Mississippi Cavalry.

BOONSHILL, TENN., September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have been engaged under Colonel Holman, who has been operating in Middle Tennessee under your orders. He has been captured, as perhaps you have learned. He engaged the enemy near

---------------

*From monthly returns.

---------------

