
Winchester, Tenn., on the 26th instant, killing and capturing a considerable number; but the enemy having sent a considerable force to attack us in our rear, which resulted in the capture of Colonel Hollman, 2 lieutenants, and some 12 or 14 privates, the command is here without any person with proper authority to take command. I shall endeavor to hold it together until I can hear from you or some other proper authority. The command is increasing rapidly both from volunteers and soldiers left behind on the retreat of our army. I believe we will soon have a command of 1,500 or 2,00 good, effective men, mounted, armed with such arms as can be found through the country . We are deficient in ammunition.

Your, most respectfully,

J. Z. GEORGE.

General WHEELER.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1863.-Skirmish at Hunt's Mill, near Larkinsville, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Reserve Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., September 27, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Colonel Haynes, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, has returned from his scout to Larkinsville, and reports that the Alabamians at the saw-mill did some fighting before abandoning the mill, wounding some of the rebels, but there was not that resistance shown there should have been. Had such been the case the enemy no doubt would have been driven off. The force which attacked Captain Latham's company comprised some of the Fourth Alabama (rebel) Cavalry.

Captain Latham is in the mountains with about one-half of his company. He says he was surrounded on the morning of the 25th, and cut his way out, losing about half of his men. I shall in a few days be able to give a full account of the affair, and I hope to make a more favorable report, although I have heard of but little that is creditable to the troops engaged.

Colonel Campbell, commanding cavalry division, arrived here this morning with one brigade of his command. All quiet as far as known.

Very respectfully,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier General, Comdg. Second Division, Reserve Corps.

Major Fullerton,

Asst. Adjt. General, District Headquarters.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1863.-Skirmish at Locke's Mill, near Moscow, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Frank A. Kendrick, Second West Tennessee Infantry, African Descent.
HDQRS. SECOND REGT. WEST TENN. INFTY. OF A. D.,Moscow, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the annexed report of a scouting party which was sent out by me on the night of the 27th ultimo.

