
One sergeant and 10 men of the detachment of Sixth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers, stationed here, left the lines at about 7 p. m., with instructions to patrol the roads toward Somerwille to the distance of 6 or 7 miles, and discovered nothing until they arrived at Locke's Mill, about 4 miles out, where they met 2 boys, aged about twelve and fifteen, respectively, who were acting as guides or advance of a party of 7 guerrillas, who were about one-quarter mile behind. The sergeant immediately formed his men across the road a little under the crest of the hill and awaited their approach. The position of our men was such that they (guerrillas) advanced within about 60 yards, when the sergeant called halt and immediately gave the command to fire, and 7 of the number discharged their pieces at the approaching party, who immediately wheeled about and fled toward Somerville, our men not pursuing, but advanced to where they were when our men fired, and found one man mortally wounded, the ball taking effect in the right side under the lower ribs and passed through his body, coming out at the left of the spine.

At daylight on Monday morning Lieutenant Smith (acting adjutant), with 20 cavalry, went out there, and found that a citizen living near had taken the wounded man to his house, where he died during the night, and from papers and his memorandum, which Lieutenant Smith brought in, he was Second Lieutenant John T. McNamee, Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment (rebel), and had been to Somerville visiting some friends, and was returning with 6 recruits on their way south. McNamee's family reside at La Grange, and from his papers and memorandum has traveled through the country quite recently. He was paroled at Nashville, Tenn., in January last.

From what I can learn of the position of our men, and with the knowledge of the number who were coming, they should have captured the entire party, but they did not bring the 2 boys in with them, but left the wounded man lying in the road and returned directly to camp.

The papers and memoranda* are herewith forwarded to you.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK A. kENDRICK,

Colonel Second West Tenn. Infantry, A. D., Comdg.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade, Second Division.

SEPTEMBER 27-OCTOBER 1, 1863.-Expedition from Messinger's Ford, Big Black River, to Yazoo, City, Miss., with Skirmishes at Brownsville (September 28), and Moore's Ford, near Benton (September 29).

Report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Big Black River, Miss., October 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from Major General W. T. Sherman, with detachments from the Fourth, Fifth, and Eleventh Illinois, Fourth Iowa, and Tenth Missouri Cavalry Regiments, in all 900 men, with two mountain howitzers, I moved over Big Black

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

