
SEPTEMBER 27-OCTOBER 1, 1863.-Expedition from Corinth, Miss., into West Tennessee, with Skirmish at Swallow Bluffs, Tenn. (September 30).

Report of Colonel Richard Rowett, Seventh Illinois (mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Corinth, Miss., October 2, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Left Wing Sixteenth Army Corps, I moved at 6 a. m., September 27, with Seventh men. When within 7 miles of Purdy, on Purdy road, I found a detachment of Harrison's scouts, and after deciding upon my route for that day, instructed the officer in charge of scouts to go through to Colonel Harrison, report my whereabouts, and send me messengers at Fort Hooker that night, giving me all the information he could gather, that I might decide upon my course the next day. These messengers failed to report. I consequently moved to Henderson, sending a portion of the command by way of Montezuma and meeting at Mifflin, encamping at Mifflin that night (28th).

Next morning, divided my command, sending a portion to Jack's Creek, and proceeded with the rest by way of Beaver's Mills and across to the Lexington road. Here, learning that a rebel force had moved toward the river, I pushed forward on the Saltillo road and sent for the remainder of the command; meeting me at Center Point and moving forward, encamped within 5 miles of Swallow Bluffs.

On the morning of the 30th, I took two squadrons of the Seventh Kansas and three of the Seventh Illinois and moved to Swallow Bluffs, sending the remainder of the command on the road to Corinth.

When near the river I found a picket post that had just been relieved, and, moving cautiously toward the river, found a portion of Faulkner's command crossing the river. I engaged the squad left on this side, and, sending a company of infantry down the river, succeeded in capturing Major Malone and 20 men. A number of horses were tied on the opposite bank, and, finding it impracticable to cross for them, I directed them to be shot, and succeeded in killing 20; others were wounded and broke away. We killed and wounded 3 men on the opposite bank.

My own loss was 1 killed and 2 severely wounded, all of the Seventh Kansas.

The total number of prisoners captured was 29, including 1 major and 1 adjutant.

Finding without doubt that Newsom had safely crossed the river two days before, and still hearing nothing from Harrison, having also been out four days, I returned to Corinth, arriving in camp 11 o'clock October 1, five days out.

Besides the prisoners, I captured and brought in 10 horses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. ROWETT,

Colonel Seventh Illinois Infantry, Comdg. Expedition.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Left Wing, 16th Army Corps.

