
Numbers 16.-Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (unattached).

Numbers 17.-Colonel John Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps.

Numbers 18.-Brigadier General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 19.-Colonel Samuel W. Price, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 20.-Lieutenant Frank D. Baldwin, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 21.-Major Michael L. Patterson, Fourth Tennessee Infantry.

Numbers 22.-Lieutenant Colonel George W. Grummond, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 23.-Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 24.-Major General Daniel Butterfield, U. S. Army, commanding Twelfth Army Corps and detachments.

Numbers 25.-Captain Robert H. Hall, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 26.-Temple Clark, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 27.-Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 28.-Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 29.-Colonel George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 30.-Brigadier General Philip D. Riddey, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., November 24, 1863.

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit the reports of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, late chief of cavalry of this department, Brigadier General George Crook, Colonel E. M. McCook, and their subordinates, in their chase of the rebel General Joseph Wheeler during his raid into Middle Tennessee and upon our communications early in October last.

General Crook had been stationed at Washington, Tenn., with a force of 2,000 effective men with which to guard the river for a distance of 50 miles up and down from near that place.

On the 30th September, he reported by courier to Major-General Rosecrans that the enemy was trying to cross at Cotton Port Ferry, and the next day from Smith's Cross-Roads that he had crossed a force, subsequently ascertained to number from 5,000 to 6,000 men. He was ordered by General Rosecrans to gather together all the cavalry and mounted infantry that he could and start in pursuit. The pursuit was pushed most vigorously, and the rear guard of the enemy overtaken about 2 miles from McMinnville, and here, as at every other point where overtaken, they were charged with the saber, before which they could not stand. At Farmington our forces under General Crook had a severe engagement with the enemy, capturing four guns and compelling him to retreat, although his number far exceeded ours.

The pursuit was kept up with vigor until he finally crossed the Tennessee River, leaving his rear guard and two more pieces of artillery in General Crook's hands. For the particulars of the operations of his command I refer you to his report.

