
The route taken by Wheeler in this raid was from Cotton Port across Walden's Ridge and the Cumberland Mountains to McMinnville, thence by way of Murfreesborough, Shelbyville, Farmington, and Pulaski to a ford of the Tennessee about 3 miles above the mouth of Elk River, which he crossed on the 9th of October.

Brigadier-General Mitchell joined in the pursuit on the 4th of October, moving from Anderson's Gap on that day with the First Division of Cavalry up the Sequatchie Valley through Dunlap, and continued on after leaving McMinnville until he overtook Brigadier-General Crook at Murfreesborough, where he assumed command, the whole force being concentrated 7 miles from Shelbyville.

Colonel E. M. McCook started in pursuit on the 1st of October from Bridgeport, proceeded as far as he was ordered, viz, to Anderson's Cross-Roads, where he had an engagement with the enemy, which reflects great credit upon himself and his men.

I refer you to the reports of the last-named officers for particulars.

Colonel A. O. Miller, Seventy-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers, commanding the mounted infantry, also started in pursuit September 30 from Blythe's Ferry, and joined General Mitchell in time to assist him in driving the rebel Roddey with his command out of North Alabama.

This pursuit is unsurpassed for its energy and the bravery and endurance of the officers and men engaged in it, and prevented the execution of an extensive plan of destruction to our communications and plunder, rapine, and murder throughout Middle Tennessee and Northern Alabama, in which Roddey and Lee were to co-operate with Wheeler. It cost the enemy six pieces of artillery and about 2,000 men, including the killed, captured, and deserted.

Inclosed I also send some papers captured from the rebels near Trenton by a scouting party from General Hooker's command, among which is an official report of his raid by the rebel Wheeler himself, in which he forgets to mention the loss of four of his guns at Farmington. His report is probably equally truthful in other respects.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Courtland, Ala., October 12, 1863.

Colonel GEORGIA WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I wrote you yesterday, stating that General Lee had arrived at Florence with 2,500 men, with instructions to cross the Tennessee River and attack General Rosecrans' line of communications. He deemed it too hazardous to attempt the movement with the force at his disposal, and decided to wait until you could be heard from. General Roddey, I was informed, would cross the river on the night of the 27th ultimo, and would meet me at Jasper. When my command was within 10 miles of that place I learned that he had not crossed the Tennessee River. I afterward learned that he was moving from Bellefonte toward Murfreesborough, but on moving in

