
ADDENDA.

Congratulatory order of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S.

Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 279. Chattanooga, Tenn., October 19, 1863.

XIV. The brilliant pursuit of the enemy's cavalry under Wheeler by the cavalry command of this army, especially Crook's division and Stokes' Chicago Board of Trade Battery, which were foremost in the fight, deserves honorable mention.

The general commanding thanks the cavalry, and particularly General Crook, with the officers and soldiers of his division, and of Stokes' battery, for their valuable services in the pursuit of the enemy, which resulted in driving him in confusion across the Tennessee River. He compliments them for inaugurating the new practice of coming to close quarters without delay.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. M. CIST,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Shelbyville, October 7, 1863-9 a. m.

SIR: I left Murfreesborough yesterday morning as soon as I had drawn rations for my command. I find the enemy had divided their force about 5 miles from here, sending a party to attack Wartrace, another off to the right on the Middleton road toward Unionville and Columbia, and another coming into this place and sacking the town.

The party sent to Wartrace, I learn from citizens, was repulsed. Their soldiers say they whipped the Yankees, but were ordered away, i. e., had not time to reap the fruits of their victory. When I moved up this morning from where I camped last night, which was 7 miles from here on the Murfresborough pike, I left McCook's division to wait for orders. Since, I have found out their direction.

I have ordered Colonel McCook to strike across the country direct for Unionville. The remainder of the command is moving out on the Farmington road, and will soon strike their rear guard, and I shall find out the exact direction they have taken and their intentions, when I will again telegraph you. Whether they intend striking the Tennessee River at Muscle Shoals or above, I cannot, as yet, positively state, but shall know before night if they intend crossing at Muscle Shoals, which is possible. General Dodge should be telegraphed at once and head them off, to give me time to gain upon them. Their force is larger than mine, but if I can get up to them

