
I have no doubt that I can whip them and capture them with all their dry goods, greenbacks, &amp;c. Every man is loaded down to the "guards" with plunder; hundreds of them have on our uniform. My horses are very much jaded, but the men are all right, and can stand it as long as there is a rebel ahead of them. To make the thing sure, I will also telegraph to General Dodge at Corinth, but you must do the same. I think they did no damage to the railroad, excepting at the bridge near Murfreesborough and tearing up rails and burning ties in some places. I have ordered the mechanics and engineers to go immediately to work to repair the bridge near Murfreesborough, and it will be done by to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Rogersville, October 10, 1863.

SIR: I have arrived here with my command. The enemy succeeded in crossing the Tennessee a short distance above Lamb's Ferry. Crook fought them at Farmington the 7th, and has captured 5 pieces of artillery and about 700 prisoners. I think their losses, including killed, deserters, and stragglers, will amount to 2,000 men. My horses are terribly jaded. I shall return toward Stevenson, via Huntsville, but must move slowly, for my horses are so near used up. The enemy crossed the river at a ford unknown before, and cut their way down to the banks, in order to make a crossing. Your order in regard to Confederate soldiers had been carried out, and 38 men have disappeared.

Colonel Minty was arrested by General Crook and sent to the rear, for failing to move with his command at the proper time and not being up in time for the battle at Farmington.*

We have marched in six days 247 miles. Two days, the second out, and yesterday, the First Division marched 50 miles. During the last day's march, Wheeler's retreat was a rout, and his command were running all day for the river, every man for himself, and hats, canteens, coats, guns, and broken-down horses were strewn along the whole route.

We have captured and burned $52,000 worth of cotton belonging to the Confederate States Army.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General. Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Department of the Cumberland.

---------------

*In February, 1864, Colonel Minty was tried by general court-martial on charges of "disobedience of orders" and "conduct subversive of good order and military discipline," and honorably acquitted. See General Orders, Numbers 36, Department of the Cumberland, February 28, 1864.

---------------

