
of Cavalry, orders to strike off to the right, direct for Unionville, by the nearest practicable route, and started General Crook with his division and the mounted infantry on the Farmington road, that being the one the enemy had taken after sacking Shelbyville; the main body taking the Unionville road. As soon as his command had moved out, I returned, via the Shelbyville pike, and joined McCook's division near Unionville. I had ordered McCook to keep down the north side of Duck River, which he did, having, however, turned to the left reaching Unionville, and after following the route the right-hand column of the enemy had taken, again turning to the right and moving directly down the river, thereby forcing one division of the enemy (which had, I think, originally intended to go to Columbia) back to the south side of the river.

At dark I crossed the division to the south side of the river for the purpose of procuring forage for the command, and bivouacked 6 miles from Farmington and communicated with Crook at Farmington.

He had, during the day, been severely engaged with the enemy at Farmington, and with marked success; for the details of which I refer you to his report.

I neglected to mention that in the morning, while returning from Shelbyville to join the First Division, I found Colonel Minty's brigade still encamp, he claiming that he had had no orders to move out. I immediately ordered him to move at once and join his command, knowing that General Crook had intended and supposed he had marched, and that he was in his place with his command.

October 8.-I recrossed Duck River at daylight and moved down the north bank again to Caney Springs, where I turned to the left and took the Lewisburg road, crossing on my route again to the south side of the river. Arrived at Lewisburg, I found the enemy had all united and were retreating on the road toward Conyersville and Pulaski, and that General Crook was following them with his command as fast as possible. I marched till 9 p. m., and bivouacked 10 miles from Pulaski, non the plantations of Messrs. Laird and Woods.

October 9.-Moved again at daylight and passed on through Pulaski, learning here that the enemy had taken the Lamb's Ferry road, and were marching night and day to get across the Tennessee River.

I followed on till noon, and then throwing out all weak and lame horses, I moved the column rapidly forward, hoping to overtake the enemy ere they crossed the river, but on arriving at Rogersville, 8 miles from the river, I found General Crook just returning from the river, and learned from him that the enemy had succeeded in getting across the river, not, however, without, during the day, losing a rear guard of about 70 men, which General Crook had captured from them.

I then bivouacked, and the next morning took a regiment and, accompanied by General Crook, visited the ford where they had crossed, which I learned from citizens to be a good one, and one at which they could cross at, moving even 10 and 12 men abreast. I found at Rogersville about $52,000 worth of cotton owned by the Confederate Government, which I directed General Crook to destroy.

I moved during the p. m. out 6 miles on the Huntsville road, having concluded to return with the command toward Stevenson, via Huntsville.

