
Tennessee River cannot the definitely stated. We pursued them so closely and vigorously that they had but little time to destroy our communications, and the results of their raid, I think, may be summed up so that when General Wheeler strikes his balance sheet the debits and credits will be on the wrong side of the sheet to give him a very large net profit. We captured six pieces of artillery, and, including killed, wounded, prisoners, and deserters, I think they recrossed the Tennessee River with between 2,000 and 3,000 less men than they started out with.

My command is, of course, very badly used up. Hard marches, scarcity of shoes (although each man carried two at starting), and miserable, worthless saddles that never should have been bought by the Government, or put on a horse's back after they were bought, have ruined many of the horses.

It is positively necessary that a large number of horses be had before the command can be again in working condition.

My thanks are due to division and brigade commanders for the untiring energy and zeal they evinced during the entire pursuit. The troops of their commands did all it is possible for troops to do to second the endeavors of their commanders, and when I thank them, as I do, for the fatigues and gallant fighting which they did, I do it in all earnestness and sincerity, realizing and appreciating their labors and sufferings. A simple mention of their marches, of their fighting at Anderson's Cross-Roads, at McMinnville and Farmington, is as proud a record as any body of troops need crave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.

List of killed wounded, and missing of the cavalry command, including Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry, in the late pursuit of Wheeler and Roddey.

Command.	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers

Headquarter	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 1

s cavalry

First	 -	 -	 -	 5	 -	 4	 -	 9

Division.

Colonel E.

M. McCook

Second	 1	 13	 6	 97	 -	 -	 7	 110

Division,

Brigadier-

General

Crook

Total	 1	 13	 6	 102	 -	 5	 7	 120

43 R R-VOI XXX, PT II

