
with both regiments, and executed with such vigor that the enemy were dislodged from their position and driven 2 miles across a small creek, where they secured a strong position and erected barricades of rails. The First Wisconsin were then moved off to the left, so as to enfilade the enemy's line. The Second Indiana at the same time were dismounted and charged upon the right at double-quick. This movement was entirely successful, and the enemy were driven back with considerable loss. The First Wisconsin being mounted charged upon their left, driving them in confusion, taking 40 or 50 prisoners, besides killing and wounding a number with the saber. The Second Indiana having remounted, both regiments were now sent in pursuit. Several positions taken by the enemy were wrested from them by saber charges, until they were driven across the Sequatchie; when, it having become quite dark, and the men and horses being exhausted from marching since daylight, and five hours of constant and determined fighting, in which the enemy were driven a distance of 8 miles, the command was bivouacked for the night.

At 2 a. m. of the 3rd, the Fourth Indiana was sent to reconnoiter the front. They crossed the Sequatchie and proceeded to the top of the mountain, 4 miles beyond Dunlap, attacking the enemy's rear, capturing 6 prisoners and re-capturing 200 mules. The result of the whole engagement was the capture of 12 commissioned officers, among whom were Major Duff Green Reed, assistant adjutant-general on General Wheeler's staff; Major Morgan, inspector of Martin's staff, and Captain May, commanding his escort, and 93 enlisted men, comprising men and officers of twelve different regiments. The enemy lost 7 commissioned officers killed, among the, Major-, Captain Jones, and Lieutenant May, and Captain Smith, besides a number of enlisted men, whose bodies I ordered the citizens to bury. One of their officers, captured four days afterward, acknowledged a loss of 250 killed and wounded. We also recaptured a number of prisoners that the enemy had taken and about 800 mules, besides rescuing a part of the train that had not yet been burned. The enemy shot 200 or 300 mules upon finding they could not escape with them.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct and gallantry of Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry. To his intrepidity in leading, and skill in maneuvering his regiment, is attributable in a large degree the successful repulse of the enemy. Major Presdee, commanding Second Indiana Cavalry, is also entitled to great credit for the brilliant manner in which he led his regiment during the entire engagement. To the officers and men of these regiments I tender my thanks for their gallant and soldierly bearing. The Fourth Indiana, and Lieutenant Newell, commanding battery, though not actually engaged during the day, executed their orders with precision and to my entire satisfaction. Having no orders to proceed farther than Anderson's Croos-Roads, and having at my immediate command only three regiments, I determined to await orders from the general commanding, lest farther movement on my part might cause disarrangement in his plans. Colonel Campbell, with the First Brigade, did not overtake me until the afternoon of the 3rd, twenty-four hours later than he was expected to arrive. The delay was unfortunate, and a matter of extreme regret to me, as had the additional force of this command been at my disposal when I encountered the enemy, results of much more importance and benefit might have been secured.

