
For a recital of the ability, energy, and valor displayed by the various members of my staff, I would refer you to any of the usual reports made by military commanders of engagements in which their commands have taken a part.

I am, respectfully, yours,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 5.

Report of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Fourth Michigan Cavalry,

commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAV. DIV.,Winchester, Tenn., November 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade during the late chase after the rebel Wheeler during his raid through Tennessee, as follows, viz:

October 2.-I received orders from Colonel McCook, commanding First Division Cavalry, at half past 9 o'clock, at Stevenson, Ala.,

dated Bridgeport, Ala., October 1, 1863, to move immediately by forced march through Bridgeport to Anderson's Cross-Roads, in Sequatchie Valley, and join him at that point. I marched with First East Tennessee Cavalry and Ninth Pensylvania Cavalry at 1 p. m., and, making two short halts to feed, joined Colonel McCook 4 miles north of Anderson's Cross-Roads at 10 a. m. October 3, having marched 46 miles, and, in obedience to orders, marched 3 miles and halted near Dunlap, in Sequatchie Valley. At this place two battalions of the Second Michigan Cavalry joined the brigade from Rankin's Ferry.

October 4.-Marched at 10 a. m., following the Second Brigade through Dunlap, up the Cumberland Mountains through Kane Gap, thence on the direct road toward McMinnville, making a halt three hours on the mountain to feed.

October 5.-Arrived at McMinnville at 10 a. m., having marched 40 miles during the last twenty-four hours. At 1 p. m. marched toward Murfreesborough, halting to feed at Woodbury at dark, and again before daylight 7 miles from Murfreesborough.

October 6.-Arrived at Murfreesborough at 8 a. m., halted five hours to feed, and obtained four days' rations; thence marched toward Shelbyville, 16 miles, and camped.

October 7.-Marched at 8 a. m. to Caney Spring; thence toward Lewisburg, 18 miles, and camped near Duck River.

October 8.-Marched through Lewisburg, Cornersville, and camped 12 miles from Pulaski, making march of 30 miles.

October.-Marched at daylight to Pulaski, thence 7 miles on the Florence road, thence to Rogersville, Ala., in all 45 miles.

October 10.-Marched 8 miles toward Athens.

October 11.-Marched 11 miles to Athens, thence toward Huntsville to Limestone Creek.

October 12.-Marched, 7 a. m., through Huntsville and 13 miles on New Market road. At dark my advance met Roddey's brigade drawn

