
up in line, and were fired into. I immediately dismounted two battalions of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry and ordered them to the front, and two companies of the First East Tennessee Cavalry, mounted, to support each flank of their line, and eight companies of the East Tennessee Cavalry in line immediately in their rear of dismounted men. I then ordered the dismounted men of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry to advance in line into the woods a few rods in front. Upon arriving in the edge of the woods, the enemy fired a withering volley at short pistol-range, our men taking cover, and only 1 man was seriously wounded. The two battalions dismounted and immediately discharged all their pieces at the enemy, killing 3 and wounding 11, whereupon the enemy retreated. The darkness was so intense and the rain commencing to fall heavily, made it totally impossible to proceed farther, and the command bivouacked for the night.

At daylight next morning, proceeded 2 miles toward New Market and halted to feed two hours. Thence followed Roddey's command on the New Market and Athens road, 13 miles, when it was decided to abandon the chase, and return toward Winchester, arriving October 15, very much fatigued, and horses jaded and worn out, having marched 350 miles during the fourteen days.

October 25.-In obedience to orders, I sent the First East Tennessee Cavalry to the vicinity of the late raid on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, between Estill Springs and Tullahoma, where the regiment burned two houses, and proceeded on a scout to Lynchburg, returning to camp at Winchester October 27, 1863.

October 31.-I sent a detachment, in accordance with orders from General Elliott, under command of Lieutenant Bowman, First East Tennessee Cavalry, to the vicinity of Bellefonte, Ala., and he returned with 6 prisoners.

List of casualties.-Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, October 12, 1 man seriously wounded near New Market, Ala.

Prisoners captured.-Fourteen prisoners captured during the month.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6.

Report of Major Leonidas S. Scranton, Second Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Winchester, Tenn., November 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment for October:

October 1.-Picketing at Rankin's Ferry and Eyler's Ford.

October 2.-At 1 p. m., a courier came to camp with word that the teamsters were rushing past toward Jasper, reporting that the enemy had attacked and were burning the train at Mitchell's, some 8 miles distant, and had followed the teamsters to within 5 miles

