
of our camp. Mounting our horses, we hurried out to the road, and found the teamsters hurrying back in a very demoralized state, reporting the enemy in all sorts of numbers and ever so near. We hurried forward, being soon joined by a part of the Second East Tennessee Cavalry, under command of Colonel Ray, whom we had notified at Jasper. We continued our march to within 4 miles of Walnut Grove, where we heard that Colonel McCook, with two regiments of cavalry and two regiments of infantry, was ahead of us, and learned from the inhabitants that there had not been but 12 or 15 rebels down there. The horses having become somewhat haded, and coming to the conclusion that the whole thing was rather a scare, we halted here, sending one company forward to learn what they could of matters, and try and communicate with Colonel McCook, if he was not too far ahead. This company returned just at twilight, reporting that they had been up to where the infantry were, and that Colonel McCook had driven off the enemy and was chasing them over the mountain. We then returned to our post at Rankin's Ferry.

[October] 3.-Received a dispatch from General Mitchell, dated the 2nd, and a copy of one dated the 1st, ordering us to join the brigade, which had been or was in pursuit of Wheeler.

[October] 4.-Joined the brigade at Walnut Grove before daylight; were with the brigade the remainder of the month.

No casualties.

L. S. SCRANTON,

Major, Commanding Second Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. HOYT, Jr.,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 7.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Roswell M. Russell, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Winchester, Tenn., November 2, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your directions to make a report of the marches, &amp;c., of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry in the pursuit of General Wheeler, of the rebel army, I herewith submit the following:

October 2, 1863.-Left camp near Pump Spring, Ala., at 2,30 p. m., and by a forced march reached Walnut Grove, Sequatchie Valley, near Anderson's Cross-Roads, 61 miles distant at 1 p. m. of the 3rd instant.

October 4.-Left Walnut Grove at 9.30 a. m., and, passing through Dunlap, halted to feed on the Cumberland Mountains at 9.30 p. m. Resuming the march at 11.30 p. m., reached McMinnville at 8 a. m. October 5.-At 10 a. m., left McMinnville and halted to feed near Wooodbury at 5 p. m. Resuming the march at 7 p. m., halted at 1 a. m., October 6, within 6 miles of Murfreesborough. Shortly after daylight the march was resumed, entering Murfreesborough (where rations were obtained) at 8 a. m. Left Murfreesborough at 2 p. m., going into camp at 8 p. m. 6 miles from Shelbyville.

October 7.-Left camp at 9.30 a. m., and, passing through Union-

