
good order, and that he was secure behind ample fortifications? No, sir; General Bragg did not know what had happened, and allowed the whole of the fruits of this great victory to pass from him by the most criminal negligence, or, rather, incapacity, for there are positions in which weakness is wickedness. If there be a man in the public service who should be held to a more rigid accountability for failures, and upon the largest scale, than another, that man is General Bragg, and I shall be happy to go before a court of inquiry on charges preferred against me by General Bragg, that I may have the opportunity not only of vindicating my own conduct, but of establishing the truth and justice of what I have written of his lack of capacity as a commanding general.

I have addressed a note to the Secretary of War, calling his attention respectfully to my case, and asking at the earliest moment a court of inquiry.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

ATLANTA, GA.,

October 6, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Having been suspended from my command by the general commanding the Army of Tennessee for alleged disobedience of orders, I have respectfully to ask a court of inquiry at the earliest moment practicable.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General Provisional Army, C. S.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,October 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 21, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

Charges have been preferred by General Bragg against Lieutenant-General Polk, which are now before the Secretary of War. It is not the practice to grant a court of inquiry where charges are preferred for trial by court-martial.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OCTOBER 22, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the President.

I concur in the opinion of the Adjutant-General, and do not advise a court of inquiry.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Returned, the case having been disposed of.

J. D[AVIS].

