
ville, crossed Duck River shortly after dark, and went into camp at 7.30 p. m. on Lewisburg and Chapel Hill road.

At 8 a. m. of the 8th instant left camp, and, recrossing Duck River, took the Columbia road for some hours, when the direction of march was then changed, and, striking the Lewisburg road, passed through that place, and near which halted to feed. Resuming the march at 5 p. m., passed through Cornesville, and encamped for the night at 10.30 p. m. 8 miles from Pulaski.

At daylight of the 9th left camp, and, passing through Pulaski, took the road leading to Lamb's Ferry, and at 9 p. m. halted near Rogersville. Here the pursuit ended, the enemy having crossed the Tennessee River at 3 p. m. of the 9th.

October 10.-Left Rogersville at 2 p. m., on return march via Athens, Huntsville, New Market, and Salem. After passing through Huntsville, it was ascertained that General Roddey, of the rebel army, with a command of 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery, having failed to make a junction with Wheeler, was then rapidly marching for the fords of the Tennessee River. My advance came up with Roddey's rear guard just at dark near New Market, on the 12th October. I was ordered to dismount my regiment and deploy them as flankers on either side of the road.

On reaching the edge of a piece of wood through which the road passed and while assisting the officers in command of the flanks (Major Jones and Captain Appel) in connecting their lines and giving instructions to those immediately in the road, the enemy opened fire, at close pistol-range, along my whole front, severely wounding 1 man of Company K. Several volleys were promptly returned, which silenced the enemy. In a few minutes after, the intense darkness and a heavy rain suspended further operations, and I was ordered into camp. During the night the enemy left.

On the morning short to the left, took the road called the Limestone road, pursuing which, with all possible speed, we struck the Meridianville road at 11 a. m., and found that the enemy had six hours start of us, while our horses were thoroughly exhausted. Farther pursuit in the state of the weather and roads being useless, it was abandoned, and, in obedience to orders, marched to the vicinity of Salem, and from thence the following day (October 14) into camp near Winchester.

Very respectfully,

R. M. RUSSELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Comdg. First Brig., First Div. Cav., Winchester, Tenn.

Numbers 8.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Winchester, Tenn., November 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Tennessee Cavalry for the months of September and October:*

October 2.-Made a forced march from Caperton's Ferry, Ala., to

---------------

*For portion (here omitted) relating to operations in September, see Part I. p. 905.

---------------

