
Anderson's Cross-Roads, in Sequatchie Valley, a distance of 50 miles; 4th crossed Cumberland Mountain in pursuit of Wheeler, and continued on a forced march until we arrived at Rogersville, Ala.,a distance of 217 miles. Proceeded from Rogersville through Athens and Huntsville on the 10th and 11th, and on the night of the 12th the advance of our brigade meeting with that of Roddey's rebel brigade, and being so intensely dark as to render it impossible to give battle, remained in line until the morning of the 13th, when we started in pursuit of the enemy, but were forced to relinquish it on account of the worn-out condition of both men and horses, and proceeded to the vicinity of our present encampment.

Sunday, October 25.-In obedience to an order from Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, I proceeded to the vicinity of the late raid upon the railroad between Estill Springs and Tullahoma, and encamped at Shastaine's Mills, where I burned three houses, the property of Shastaine.

On the 26th, proceeded to Lynchburg; 27th, returned to camp.

On the 30th, sent a detachment to the vicinity of Bellefonte, Ala., in command of Lieutenant Bowman, Company K, who returned with 6 prisoners, making a grand total of 750 miles traveled during the two months.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. BROWNLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. HOYT, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 9.

Report of Major David A. Briggs, Second Indiana Cavalry, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY,Winchester, Tenn., November 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late campaign:*

On the 1st of October, 1863, moved my command from Bridgeport in pursuit of Wheeler, coming up with the enemy at Anderson's Gap. Companies A, C, and M of my regiment were ordered to the front as skirmishers, Companies I, K, and L to the right and rear. In this manner we fought them until the approach of night; 3rd, found us in pursuit of the enemy.

Nothing of any note occurred until the 13th October, when we came up with the rear guard of Roddey's command, routing and driving them before us to within a few miles of Athens, where the pursuit was abandoned and the command ordered to Winchester, where we arrived on the 15th October, 1863.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient,

DAVID A. BRIGGS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel D. M. RAY,

Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*For portion (here omitted) relating to operations in September, see Part I, p. 908.

---------------

