
Numbers 10.

Report of Major George H. Purdy, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

MAJOR:*

October 1.-Marched from Bridgeport to Jasper and went in camp;

2nd, rebel cavalry burned wagon train in the valley and skirmishing in front, distance 10 miles; 4th, attacked Wheeler's cavalry on Walden's Ridge, drove them 6 miles, recaptured 100 mules, took some prisoners, was ordered back at 2 a. m., pursued the rebels on the McMinnville road, and next day at 9 o'clock entered the town. The rebels had captured the place, but had not time to parole the prisoners; captured large amount of commissary stores.

Left McMinnville at 12 m. and marched to Woodbury; rested two hours, started, reached Murfreesborough at 10 a. m. on the 6th instant; drew rations and left Murfreesborough at 2 p. m.; marched 15 miles and went in camp. Lost 1 man in Company H, accidentally shooting himself; had skirmish with the rebels; 8th, started at 1 o'clock and found no enemy to-day, camped near Cornesville; 9th, marched to Rogersville, found the rebels had crossed the river at Lamb's Ferry; 10th, left camp at 3 p. m., marched 4 miles, and camped on Athens road; 11th, marched at daylight, went through Athens, and camped, distance, 17 miles; 12th, marched through Huntsville to New Market, met the advance of Roddey's men; 13th, rebels retreated on the Athens road, followed them 20 miles, ordered back, and camped 30 miles from Winchester; 14th, camped near Salem, distance, 15 miles; 16th and 17th, in camp, and remained near Winchester until 29th; on that [day] marched to Ridgeville; 30th, marched 7 miles, camped at Lynchburg; 31st, marched 13 miles, camped at Fayetteville, Company K on picket.

November 1.-Still in Fayetteville; picket post attacked, and Captain Mason, Company K, killed; Sergeant Agnew wounded and left at Fayetteville; Private James L. W. Morris wounded and brought to camp; Private John V. Singleton was captured; 2nd, marched to Winchester, distance 35 miles.

G. H. PURDY,

Major, Commanding Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 11.

Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Winchester, Tenn., November 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of campaign of First Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry from September 1 to October 31, 1863:+

PURSUIT OF WHEELER AND RODDEY.

October 1.-Effective force of regiment marched with brigade to Jasper, Tenn. leaving ineffectives in camp.

October 2.-Regiment moving in advance of brigade received infor-

---------------

*For portion (here omitted) relating to operations in September, see Part I, p. 909.

+For portion (here omitted) relating to operations in September, see Part I, p. 912.

---------------

