
Remained at that point until October 4, when the division moved forward in pursuit of the enemy, via Dunlap, over the Cumberland Mountains to McMinnville, arriving there on the 5th; thence, via Murfreesborough, to within 6 miles of Murfreesborough, and camped; thence, via Unionville, Smithville, Lewisburg, Cornersville, and Pulaski, to Rogersville, arriving there on the 9th. On the 10th, via Athens and Huntsville, to Maysville, Ala., where the advance of the division had a slight skirmish with the advance of Roddey's command on the eve of the 13th.

on the 14th, pursued Roddey in direction of Lamb's Ferry until 2 p. m.; countermarched; camped near Kelley's Mills.

On the 16th, marched to Salem, and on 17th went into camp near Winchester. The men had drawn but six days' rations in seventeen days.

Total loss during campaign: Wounded, 4; prisoners, 1; missing, 3.

Total, 8.

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 12.

Report of Brigadier General George Crook. U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Maysville, Ala., November 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 23rd of September I was ordered by the commanding general of the department to proceeded to Washington, Tenn., with my command, numbering about 2,000 effective men, for the purpose of guarding the fords along the Tennessee River for a distance of some 50 miles. The roads leading to the different fords and ferries were in many cases 5 miles apart. Between these points there were practicable fords almost every half mile. It was impossible to patrol along the bank of the river between these roads, and to go from one to the other required us in many instances to make a detour of 10 and even 15 miles.

It was at one of these intermediate points that the enemy, dismounting his men, crossed and established himself on the north bank of the river, with a force far superior to mine, commanded by Major-General Wheeler. I immediately informed General Rosecrans of the fact, who ordered me to gather all the cavalry and mounted men and pursue the enemy, who had crossed the river for the purpose of making a raid in the rear of our lines.

Learning the enemy was crossing Walden's Ridge opposite Smith's Cross-Roads, I collected together the First and Second Brigades of my division, commanded respectively by Colonels Minty and Lont, and Captain Stokes' Board of Trade battery, and ascended the mountain some 5 miles south of Smith's Cross-Roads, directing Colonel Miller, commanding brigade of mounted infantry, to join me on top of the mountain that night; but he did not join me until near morning, when I resumed the march, entering the Sequatchie Valley at

