
made a most gallant charge, breaking through their lines, killing 10, wounding 9, capturing some 70 prisoners, and scattering the remainder to the mountains.

From this on I met with only a few stragglers on the road. When within 8 miles of the river, although my horses were very tired, I galloped most of the way to the river, and there found that the enemy had crossed at a ford but little known of, and just above Elk River, where 12 could cross abreast. I went into camp at Rogersville, General Mitchell, with the First Division, coming up that night; and from that point I was ordered with the remainder of the cavalry to Stevenson, via Huntsville.

On arriving at Huntsville, General Mitchell, learning that the rebel general Roddey was passing in the direction of Winchester, ordered to Winchester, and thence to this place. I have since learned that General Lee, with 5,000 men, reached Courtland the same day that Wheeler crossed the river. Roddey, with about 1,800 men, had crossed to the north bank of the river at Gunterville, both he and Lee being ordered to join Wheeler, but the latter was driven out of the State and across the river before a junction could be effected. I have since learned that at Farmington the enemy left on the field 86 of their dead and 137 wounded, while many of their wounded were taken up by citizens through the country, of which I have no account.

The loss of the enemy from the time they crossed the river near Washington until they recrossed near Elk River, judging from the difference in the length of time their column [consumed] in coming in and going out, and other satisfactory evidence, I am fully satisfied is not less than 2,000 men. One entire regiment, the fourth Alabama, deserter and scattered through the mountains.

My loss during the entire trip was 14 killed and 97 wounded. I regret to report the death of the gallant Colonel Monroe, of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, who fell while bravely leading on his regiment at the battle of Farmington.

It is hard to distinguish individual cases of bravery and gallantry, when all, both officers and men, did so nobly. Notwithstanding the fatigue and severe hardships under which the men suffered-having but three days' rations in twenty days, many of them nearly naked, and several times exposed to a cold, drenching rain-yet they never complained, but were always cheerful and ever ready to perform all duties required of them.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 13.

Reports of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, commanding First and Third Brigades.

DUCK RIVER, [TENN.,]

October 7 [6], 1863-8.30 p. m.

[GENERAL: ] After a march of 35 miles to-day, succeeded in coming up with the enemy at Wartrace. Fight lasted about one hour,

