
ATLANTA, GA.,

October 7, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to enter my protest against the arbitrary and unlawful order (Numbers 249) of General Bragg, by which I have been suspended from my command and ordered to this post. The Army Regulations especially enact that no officer of less grade than the Secretary of War or President shall exercise such power, and provide that when an officer has been guilty of a breach of orders he shall be arrested and charges preferred against him. No order for my arrest has been received by me, nor, so far as I know, been issued.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

CAMP RAPPAHANNOCK,

October 26, 1863.

General LEONIDAS POLK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your letter of the 27th ultimo, the day I was about to make a move upon General Meade to prevent his further re-enforcing General Rosecrans. I have been unable to reply until now. I have rejoiced exceedingly at your great victory, and heartily wished that the advantages gained could be pursued and confirmed. I am indebted, I know, entirely to you kind feelings for the proposition made to me. I wish I could be of any service in the west, but I do not feel that I could do much anywhere. In addition to other infirmities, I have been for more than a month a great sufferer from rheumatism in my back, so that I can hardly get about. I hope the President has been able to rectify all difficulties in your army, and Rosecrans will at last be obliged to abandon his position. I trust you are again with your command, and that a merciful God will continue His blessings to us and shield us from any danger. That He may have you and your brave army under His care is my earnest prayer.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

OCTOBER 28, 1863.

[Lieutenant-General POLK:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send Riley down to get some papers pertaining to the military court, &amp;c., affording an opportunity of writing you.

General Buckner has been repeatedly requested to furnish you his notes of operations on the left wing in the recent battle, which he repeatedly promises to do, but never does. We are nursing the matter, and the notes shall be sent you the moment they are received.

I have requested Generals Cheatham, Walker, Breckinridge, and Cleburne for their reports. They all readily agreed to forward them, though they think some little while may elapse before they

