
soon as relieved from his command moved on toward Farmington, joining the main cavalry command under General Crook near that point about 10 p. m., Colonel Galbraith's command having been left at Shelbyville by order of General Mitchell.

October 8.-By direction of the general commanding, I followed in rear of the column with my command, camping at night near Pulaski, where, by Special Field Orders, Numbers 1, from division headquarters, the First and Third Brigades were consolidated and placed under my command.

October 9.-Brigade leading column, Fifth Iowa Cavalry in advance, came up with enemy's skirmishers about 10 a. m., and soon found the enemy in some force (supposed to be Kilpatrick's brigade), with temporary barricade erected on west side of Sugar Creek. By a well-executed saber charge of the Fifth Iowa Cavalry, 85 prisoners were captured, 13 of the enemy killed, a number wounded, and the remnant of his force dispersed in all directions.

On our side 1 man wounded. Camped near Rogersville, Ala., after having pursued the enemy to and beyond Elk River and finding that his force had succeed in crossing the Tennessee at a ford. Of the operations of my command from the 10th instant to the and rapidity of our marches my horses are much jaded, and will require some considerable time and rest before they will again be fit for active operations.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Cavalry Division, Brownsborough, Ala.

Numbers 14.

Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,Camp near Maysville, Ala., October 20, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the pursuit of the rebel cavalry under General Wheeler, from the time this force crossed the Tennessee River near Washington, Tenn., until they recrossed it near Rogersville, Ala.

At the time the enemy crossed the river on the morning of September 30, the larger portion of my brigade was separated into detachments which were stationed along the river at the various fords. The enemy crossed a portion of them above where one battalion of the First Ohio Cavalry, under Major Scott, was stationed, and a portion of them at this place, first having fired on Major Scott's battalion with canister and thrown him into some disorder. He, however, succeed in escaping from a large force of the enemy, by whom he was almost entirely surrounded, and who had sent in a flag of truce demanding his surrender, with the loss of some 15 men cap-

