
tured and 1 commanding officer, Captain Conn, severely wounded in the hand.

The Fourth Ohio Cavalry, which was stationed higher up on the river, was cut off from the rest of the brigade by this movement of the enemy. Major Rodgers, of this regiment, however, succeeded in joining me on the 3rd of October with five companies of this regiment, and one company being with me all the time, made six companies of this regiment that have been with the brigade since. I have since learned that Lieutenant-Colonel Robie, with four companies, went to Chattanooga. Lieutenant Scott, my ordnance officer, and Lieutenant Lieb, both of the First Ohio Cavalry, who were sent at different times with a squad of men with orders for Colonel Robie, were both captured by the enemy; the former, however, succeeded in making his escape and rejoining his command.

Moving with the main command with my brigade over the mountains we arrived at McMinnville October 4. A short distance beyond this place I was ordered to move one of my regiments to the front to drive the rear guard of the enemy which was annoying the head of our column.

The Second Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Nicholas, being in advance, I moved ahead with it, and on reaching the rear guard of the enemy charged it, putting it to flight, and chasing it to the rear of their main column, some 4 miles, capturing 1 captain and, I think, 1 lieutenant and some 8 or 9 men. Our horses were so jaded that none but the best ones could keep up, making it impossible to charge in solid column. My own horse being shot at this point, I halted until the main column closed up, and shortly after which a sharp engagement ensued with a brigade of rebel cavalry. Lieutenant Hosmer, of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, who led his men in fine style, was severely wounded, being shot in three places; 2 men of the same company were also wounded at the same time.

On Wednesday, October 7, the enemy were again overtaken a short distance west of Shelbyville, when I was ordered to charge them,

which I did with the Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Fourth Ohio Wolunteer Cavalry, and Second Kentucky Cavalry, the Third Ohio in advance, the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry having been previously detached. We drove them some 3 or 4 miles, capturing many prisoners, about 140, and leaving killed and wounded, horses, arms,&amp;c., on the roadside in profusion, besides driving some 200 or 300 of them into the woods, thus cutting them off from their command. Lieutenant-Colonel Seidel's horse and my own having been shot in the charge, and myself wounded (how badly I knew not until I found a surgeon), the column was here halted until Colonel Miller's brigade closed up. I had nothing further to do until near night, when one regiment of my brigade was ordered forward, and I sent the Second Kentucky Cavalry, but on arriving within charging distance, the road was found to be blockaded and the fences in the way on the side. This regiment was then ordered back, and, it being now night, the engagement was closed.

The losses of my brigade were, compared to the injury inflicted on the enemy, very slight, having 10 wounded in the fight; 1 has since died and 1 more probably will.

I would respectfully commend to the favorable notice of the brigadier-general commanding division the following names officers and soldiers, whose good conduct fell under my immediate observation: Lieutenant-Colonel Seidel, who behaved, as he always does, most gal-

