
lantly; Captain T. D. McClelland, my inspector, and Lieutenant C. J. Norton, Second Kentucky Cavalry, and aide on my staff; Sergeant Martin, my standard bearer, had his flag pierced with bullets and the staff shot in twain while carrying it proudly at the head of the brigade. Bugler Henry Deering, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Private Henry Fisher, who has since died of his wounds, behaved admirably.

Casualties as far as known during the trip from Washington, Tenn., To Rogersville, Ala., foot up as follows: Killed, 1; wounded, 14. Missing: First Ohio (about), 14; Third Ohio, 9; Fourth Ohio, 8; Second Kentucky, 5; total, 36.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant PATTON,

A. D. C., and A. A. A. G., Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 15.

Report of Colonel Abram O. Miller, Seventy-second Indiana (mounted)

Infantry, commanding Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 4TH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Brownsborough, Ala., October 21, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the pursuit of the rebel forces under command of Major-General Wheeler in his recent raid through Tennessee and Northern Alabama.

In compliance with orders received September 29, ultimo, I reported my command, the Seventy-second Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Kirkpatrick commanding; the Seventeenth Indiana, Major William T. Jones commanding; the Ninety-eighth Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel Edward Kitchell commanding; the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, Colonel James Monroe commanding; a battery of four mountain howitzers, Sergeant Edwards commanding, and a detachment of pioneers, Captain Kilborn commanding, in the vicinity of Blythe's Ferry, on the Tennessee River, September 30.

Here I received orders to leave my train and led-horses, 3 pieces of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, and 3 howitzers, and proceed with the remainder of the command to cross Walden's Ridge into the Sequatchie Valley, which I did, reaching the valley, crossing it, and encamping on the Cumberland Range on the night of the 2nd of October.

On the 3rd, I crossed the Cumberland Mountains in rear of Colonel Minty's cavalry brigade, who skirmished with the enemy through the day. Late in the afternoon I was ordered to pass my command down the mountain to the front, and dislodge the enemy, who were in possession of the main road leading from McMinnville to Chattanooga, and which they were stubbornly holding, skirmishing briskly

