
with Colonel Minty's cavalry. On reaching the foot of the mountains the command was dismounted, and the Ninety-eighth Illinois and Seventeenth Indiana were formed in line of battle and ordered to advance, the Seventy-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois being held in reserve. Soon a brisk engagement ensued, which resulted in our getting possession of the road. Night being now upon us, the Seventy-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois were ordered up, when I advanced and took possession of a gap, through which the road passed leading to McMinnville. Being now in possession of the road, the gap, and a good stream of water, orders were received from General Crook for the command to lie on arms, in line of battle, until morning.

On the approach of day the enemy withdrew, leaving 6 dead on the field, and a number of stand of arms. My loss was several wounded. The Seventeenth Indiana here captured a stand of national colors belonging to the Fourth Alabama Cavalry.

My brigade now having the advance, I skirmished with the enemy on the road to McMinnville, driving his rear through the town, which he had sacked, burning the Government stores he could not carry away. A short distance from the town, on the Murfreesborough road, he made a stand, but was soon dislodged, when the Second Kentucky Cavalry made a brilliant charge, killing some, and bringing off a number of prisoners.

Seven miles from McMinnville he again made a stand and offered battle. I at once dismounted my command, ordered the artillery into position, and advanced on him, across open fields, to his position in the woods. Captain Lilly now opened on him with his artillery, at one time killing 1 man and 4 horses at one shot. Here, again, I dislodged him, and drove him 2 miles, when, night coming on, I went into camp, by order of General Crook. During the engagement the enemy came to me with a flag of truce, which I did not receive, but ordered the bearer back, and my men not to fire on him while between my lines and those of the enemy. The Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana lost several wounded; the former, 1 killed.

On the 5th, I proceeded to Murfreesborough and drew three days' rations for my command.

On the night of the 6th, I encamped 7 miles from Shelbyville.

On the 7th, my brigade having the advance, I moved through Shelbyville and passed out on the Farmington pike. After advancing some distance, I learned that a division of the enemy were encamped at or near the Widow Sims', to my right, some distance from the main road. In compliance with orders from General Crook, I at once left the main road and proceeded in the direction the enemy were said to be, and soon came upon his pickets, which I drove in, and charged the division, in line of battle, with the Seventeenth Indiana and four companies of the Ninety-eighth Illinois on horseback, going in with the pickets. The enemy opened on me, killing and wounding some of my men, and killing 225 horses. I now dismounted the men, formed line of battle under heavy fire, and charged the enemy, across open fields, who for a while offered a determined resistance, but soon fled, betaking themselves to their horses, when they were thrown into the utmost confusion, and completely routed, closely followed by the Seventeenth Indiana, who, while they were mounting and pressing through a narrow lane, closely massed, poured into them a most deadly and destructive fire. The Seventy-second Indiana now

