
arriving on that part of the field, participated in the work of death and slaughter. The enemy left the field thoroughly demoralized, and everywhere was strewn stolen goods, abandoned arms, and Government clothing. The Ninety-eighth Illinois, operating in another part of the field, captured an entire company.

The enemy having left the field in my possession, I ordered the Ninety-eighth Illinois to mount their horses, and, with the Seventeenth Indiana on one side of the road and the Seventy-second Indiana on the other, I advanced in line of battle in the direction of Farmington, until coming to a point where the road on which I was moving intersects the Farmington pike, I found the enemy in line of battle, with artillery in position, who opened fire on me as soon as I came in range. At this moment Captain Stokes was ordered into position, and replied with good effect to the enemy's guns; meanwhile my two regiments steadily advancing, the enemy soon fell back, and offered no further resistance until I came to Farmington. Here the enemy made a bolder and more determined stand than ever. His position was well chosen, being covered on the front and both flanks by a dense growth of cedar, which, together with the natural inequalities of the rocky surface of the country just at that place, strengthened by a temporary breastwork of rails and logs, gave him a secure position where he could await my advance. In this position, with all natural advantages in his favor, he had three divisions dismounted and drawn up in four successive lines of battle, with a battery in position commanding the only road by which I could advance. I was now ordered by General Crook to move forward, which I did, sending the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois in on the left of the road and the Ninety-eighth Illinois on the right. They had not advanced far, however, when the heavy volleys of the enemy and the deadly fire of his artillery disclosed the hitherto unknown fact that the enemy greatly outnumbered me, and that support must be given the two regiments engaged, as the enemy's lines extended far beyond both my right and left. I accordingly ordered the Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana to advance, the former on the left and the latter on the right of the road, to support the Ninety-eighth and One hundred and twenty-third Illinois. Soon they were in position, and the whole line advancing the engagement became general. Here the gallant officer and soldier, Colonel Monroe, of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, fell mortally wounded, and many were sent wounded and bleeding to the rear, the enemy raking my lines with grape and canister at a range not exceeding 300 yards, the shell exploding in all directions in the thick cedars above our heads and at our feet.

While thus closely engaged the enemy, with terrible energy and loud huzzah, charged my lines, but without effect. At this time Captain Stokes opened fire, which partially drew the attention of the enemy's artillery, and seeing the critical condition of affairs, and believing victory could only be obtained by a successful charge, I at once ordered it, which was promptly executed, the whole line impetuously advancing with a shout, driving back the successive lines of the enemy, and resulting in his complete rout, the capture of three pieces of artillery, and the occupancy of the town, when orders were received from General Crook to halt and await further orders. The cavalry, having been ordered up, were sent in pursuit

