
of the retreating enemy, and after remaining some time in position orders were received to go into camp.

The severity of this day's operations on the enemy will be better understood when we remember that 86 of his number lay dead on the field and 270 were taken prisoners. Of the number of his wounded I cannot speak, not being advised. My loss in killed and wounded was nearly a hundred.

The part taken by my command in the two days' farther pursuit of the enemy was unimportant. I can only say that I joined in the general pursuit, and occasionally picked up prisoners here and there in our passage over the country.

To the members of my staff-Captain Rice, assistant adjutant-general; captain Newell, topographical engineer; Captain Hunt, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. J. Ward, acting inspector; Lieutenant Harding, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Mayer, acting ordnance officer, and the gallant officers and men of my command, who, marching over 400 miles through a country where subsistence was not furnished by the wayside, as was the case in the pursuit of the notorious Morgan; subsisting twenty-two days on five days' rations and such supplies as could be gathered in our rapid march; fighting the enemy by day and by night, whenever and wherever he could be found, and bearing all without a murmur or complaint-my heartfelt thanks and the country's gratitude are due. In closing this report I refer with grief to the loss sustained by the brigade in the death of Colonel James Monroe, of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, the brave soldier, the true man, and the gallant officer. At the head of his regiment, in the thickest of the fight, when the deathstorm raged the fiercest, he fell where the soldier covets to die, in defense of his country's honor and nation's life. His death devolved the command of the regiment on Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs, who is deserving of all praise for his courage, promptness, and efficiency in the new position he occupies.

Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Kirkpatrick, commanding the Seventy-second Indiana, is deserving of special mention for his gallant conduct, his energy, and his promptness in the execution of all orders.

Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchell, commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois, challenges admiration for his gallant conduct and soldierly bearing on all occasions.

Major Jones, commanding the Seventeenth Indiana, the oldest regiment in the volunteer service, won laurels whenever and wherever sent.

Captain Lilly, commanding Eighteenth Indiana Battery, for his energy in keeping up with the command at all times, and for the handsome manner in which he paid his respects to the enemy whenever called on, deserves special mention here.

The following are the names, rank, and regiment of the commissioned officers of my command killed and wounded:

James Monroe, colonel One hundred and twenty-third Illinois.

William E. Adams, captain Company I, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois.

Charles W. Houghton, second lieutenant Company H, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois.

William Bell, second lieutenant Company K, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois.

J. J. Weiler, captain Company E, Seventeenth Indiana.

