
The Second Indiana and First Wisconsin were the only regiments up at the time, and they charged them boldly with the saber.

The obstructions to the Poe road have been removed, and I think half the wagons should be sent around by this route to save time. From Robinson's northward, on both sides of the river, there is abundant forage; none south of it in this valley. The rebel cavalry had not time to feed their horses while in it.

Colonel McCook recaptured, in all, 300 mules. The rebels got very drunk on the liquor they captured; some of them must be clothed entirely in our uniform now. I saw lids of boxes on the mountain marked "uniform, trousers," &amp;c.

I shall remain at Robinson's for the present, and as we have no wagons left to haul forage, would it not be best for the regiment to be stationed here until the deficiency can be supplied? Please answer. My men have no subsistence, but are living on the country. We had but one day's rations in Chattanooga when ordered out, and could not take three, as directed.

I have a lieutenant and 20 men in the Tennessee Valley at and near Poe's Tavern.

I am, general, yours, &c.,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 17.

Report of Colonel John Coburn, Thirty-third Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps.

Tullahoma, October 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following occurrences connected with the Third Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps, during the late raid of General Wheeler upon the line of railroad guarded in part by this brigade.

The line at Murfreesborough was untouched. At Stone's River Bridge, on the 5th of October, the rebels having surrounded the stockade, it was surrendered and the bridge was destroyed.

The stockade at Christiana was also, the same day, surrounded by a large force and was surrendered; both places fell before 2 p. m. on the 5th. The force against them was overwhelming; supposed to amount to 15,000 mounted men, under General Wheeler, with some twenty pieces of artillery.

During the forenoon of the 5th of October an order came from General Gordon Granger to evacuate Fosterville and Christiana and take the force to Murfreesborough. The train started for this purpose from Wartrace took on the company at Fosterville and proceeded part of the way to Christiana, when it was ascertained that the place was surrendered. The train immediately returned to Wartrace with the company of the Eighty-fifth Indiana stationed at Fosterville.

In the afternoon of the 5th of October, another order was received from General Granger to evacuate Wartrace and bring the force to

