
are ready. I shall continue to press the matter on their attention, and send you the reports at the earliest possible moment.

I have again set on foot inquiries respecting the order which you suppose to have been issued by General Bragg on the night of Saturday, September 19, organizing the army into two wings, &amp;c. Inclosed you will find a note* from Colonel Sorrel, General Longstreet's adjutant-general, in reply to one from me on that subject. You will see that at Longstreet's headquarters they have no such order on file and know nothing of it. This coincides with Brent's statement. Do you think it could have been written and issued under the circumstances? Brent says not, Sorrel says not, and it is not in my office. Could there be any motive for concealment? Let me hear any further wishes you have in the premises. I send you by Riley another list of your commissioned staff, learning from Colonel Yeatman that the first roster has been misplaced. Cheatham's division has not yet returned.

It has been commonly expected here that the President would again visit us. It seems to me his presence and counsel are greatly needed in this army. There seems to prevail a feeling of dissatisfaction and restlessness I have never before observed. Surely something is due to officers and men such as these. At any rate, something is due to the cause. The gentlemen of your staff are well, and your name is often heard around their camp fire.

Most respectfully, general, your friend and obedient servant,

THOMAS M. JACK.

ATLANTA, GA.,

October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: After an examination into the causes and circumstances attending your being relieved from command with the army commanded by General Bragg, I have arrived at the conclusion that there is nothing attending them to justify a court-martial or a court of inquiry, and I therefore dismiss the application. Your assignment to a new field of duty, alike important and difficult, is the best evidence of my appreciation of your past service and expectations of your future career.

I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

Extracts from notes of Lieutenant W. B. Richmond, aide-de-camp to Lieutenant-General Polk.

SUNDAY, September 6, 1863.

The enemy made quite a demonstration in Lookout Valley. We drove them back from the point and they went in the direction of Trenton. Orders issued to march-Hill in advance of Polk on La Fayette road, and Walker in advance of Buckner on parallel road

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

