
through Wartrace and in the direction of Shelbyville. One man was mortally wounded. The pursuit was continued till dark. The forces returned and encamped for the night at the bridge.

The rebel force, I am informed by citizens and prisoners, was General Martin's division, with three pieces of artillery, which advanced from the northeast on the Fairfield road, and Roddey's brigade, which came from the northwest, the whole numbering some 2,000 men.

From information obtained and from the fact that Martin's and Roddey's forces met at Wartrace, I believe they intended to strike for Duck River Bridge, otherwise they would have destroyed the railroad north of Wartrace, where larger bridges than that at Garrison's Creek were left unharmed, but finding large re-enforcements arriving, the old guard having been quite small, destroyed the bridge and went on to Shelbyville.

Soon after our return to the bridge from the pursuit of the enemy, it then being dark, several other regiments arrived from the south by the trains. Of the approach of these men I had received no information. Nor had I any reason to expect them, in view of the unusual delays of trains for some thirty-six hours past, no train having come from any point south of Tullahoma for about that time, and there was not a spare man north of it.

I at once returned to Duck River Bridge, reported to Major-General Butterfield, who was there, and was put in command of the forces there, and requested to remain till the danger of attack had passed. this I did, and returned to this post, my headquarters, where I found all quiet. I will add that the delay occasioned by the loss of the bridge was not a moment, since it was finished six hours before that on Stone's River.

Of the conduct of the officers and men of the Seventh and Sixty-sixth Ohio Regiments I can speak in terms of the highest commendation. They obeyed all commands to form and advance upon the enemy with promptness, activity, and order.

I have been the more explicit in my report of this small affair from the fact that some dissatisfaction was expressed at first at the evacuation of the railroad by Colonel Baird in the first instance, and on account of my return to Duck River Bridge.

I believe the exercise of a sound discretion required the prompt evacuation of the road when it was done, and that a like discretion governed the movements made by myself. And I submit, with unhesitating confidence, this statement of facts to the sober judgment of the candid and the brave.

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel, Comdg. Third Brig., First Div., Reserve Corps.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Reserve Corps.

Numbers 18.

Report of Brigadier General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Nashville, Tenn., October 14, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from your headquarters, I proceeded to the depot at this place at 2.30 a. m. on Monday, the 5th

