
sidered as assuming any command over him or them, but wanted the town, forts, and property guarded. Immediately after this last note of General Williams was replied to I telegraphed to you to be relieved. Your answer came to me next morning. I immediately turned over the command to General Geary, as General Williams was starting to the front.

Several stores were broken open and plundered after I went into the town. My police made all exertion to recover the goods an arrest the guilty parties, but failed to succeed. I impressed about 100 contrabands to complete the connecting works between the lunettes and redoubts. I also arrested two young ladies, named Badey, as spies and handed them over to General Geary. I then, under your order, returned to my command.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding.

Numbers 19.

Report of Colonel Samuel W. Price, Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST KENTUCKY INFANTRY, Camp at Anderson's, October 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my regiment (Twenty-first Kentucky), which was ordered by Major-General Rosecrans to march to Sequatchie Valley, for protecting and managing trains, left the morning of the 1st instant and camped 10 miles from Anderson the same night.

On the next morning, about 8 o'clock, when within 2 1/2 miles of the valley, word was received from Lieutenant Colonel J. P. C. Evans, of my regiment (who had gone in advance, accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, of Major-General McCook's staff, to select a camping ground, and a suitable place for parking wagons), that a large cavalry force of the enemy (supposed to be a division, under command of Wheeler) was advancing down the valley, and were in close proximity to Anderson, for the purpose of attacking the train.

My adjutant, by reason of my absence (I having been detained a short time in rear for the purpose of bringing up stragglers), moved the command at once at double-quick without waiting for me, or sending me the information received, to the brow of the mountain, where Lieutenant-Colonel Evans was in waiting. The regiment then resumed the double-quick to the relief of a company of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry, acting as train guard, which was then engaged with the enemy. When near the foot of the mountain and in sight of the enemy, the regiment was halted and formed in line of battle.

As the regiment descended farther down, and within a few yards of the bottom it met the train guard (about 50 men in number) in some confusion, they having been driven back by the enemy, and

