
In consequence of the exposure to the train on the march the day before, my guns were in very had condition, and many of them unserviceable, but notwithstanding, those which could be used were fired with telling effect.

I am unable to state the loss of the enemy, but from information derived from citizens and from my men who were captured and afterward made their escape, their loss must have been heavy; 30 are represented killed and a much larger number wounded. Among the number killed was a colonel and a captain-Captain Jack Jones, of Louisville, and First [Third] Kentucky (rebel) Regiment, [who] is burried at the church near Anderson's; his name and rank are in legible characters on head-board. Two majors severely wounded. We captured 5 prisoners, 3, being unable to keep up, were dropped on the retreat.

My loss was comparatively small. As far as I can ascertain only 3 killed, 3 wounded, and 38 enlisted men and non-commissioned officers missing, my sergeant-major among the number; 1 captain and 2 lieutenants missing. I have reason to believe that Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd was captured, as he was near the regiment during the engagement, and advised the retreat, but was not seen or heard of afterward.

I deem it unnecessary to mention the loss in wagons and stock, as the quartermasters in charge of the trains have doubtless reported the loss ere this.

I omitted to mention in its proper connection that I had only 200 guns in the action. Only seven companies represented, two being detached on special duty, and a large detail with supply trains. The enemy had two brigades, their force estimated at 5,000.

I know of no reason why the enemy did not pursue us, unless deterred by the boldness of my men, believing it to be the advance of a large force, and that our falling back was simply a feint to get them into trouble.

Both officers and men acted with great coolness and bravery, without exception, until overpowered by overwhelming numbers. I cannot cite any especial instance of gallantry when all acted with so much bravery and coolness.

I cannot close this report, however, without making especial mention of the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Evans and Captain William R. Milward (of Company A, and acting field officer on that occasion).

They deserve great credit for coolness and judgment in the handing of the men in the action, and the skillful manner by which the little band of tried patriots and soldiers were extricated from the web of the enemy, which was fast thickening around them.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. W. PRICE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Kentucky.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-Appended below are the names of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and privates killed, wounded, and missing of the Twenty-first Kentucky in the action of the 2nd instant.*

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 3 men wounded, and 3 officers and 37 men missing.

---------------

45 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

