
Numbers 20.

Report of Lieutenant Frank D. Baldwin, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. CO. D, NINETEENTH MICHIGAN REGIMENT, October 7, 1863.

SIR: I was ordered with my company to take post at a stockade on Stone's River to guard the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad bridge, 3 miles south of Murfreesborough, Tenn., on the 11th day of September, 1863.

Nothing occurred of interest between this date and the 4th of October, 1863. At 4 p. m. of the 4th instant, I received information that the enemy was making a raid in this section. I immediately strengthened my picket lines, expecting to be attacked that night or early in the morning of the 5th. I put the command into as good condition as it could be under the circumstances.

At half past 7 in the morning of the 5th, there was a body of mounted troops, numbering 150, came within 300 yards of the stockade, but having on the uniform of the United States troops, they were taken for United States forces and were not molested. They fell back behind a small grove, and from that time until 9 a. m. they were coming up and getting into position, completely surrounding me.

At just 9 a. m. a flag of truce was sent to me by the commanding officer of the rebel forces, conducted by his adjutant-general, who demanded an unconditional surrender of the post in the name of Major-General Wheeler. Not feeling inclined to give up without a fight, I returned a negative answer, stating that he would have to fight before he got me.

At ten minutes past 9 the first shot was fired from a battery by the enemy; it passed over us, cutting the flag-staff nearly off, and splitting the flag its full length. The battery was planted about 500 yards from us, but so concealed by underbrush, &amp;c., that we could not see it. There were six more pieces of artillery placed in position so as to command the post entirely. They kept up a cannonading for an hour and a half at intervals from the first battery planted, throwing nearly forty charges, consisting of grape and canister, solid shot and shell. Their shots were generally too high and passed over us, the shell bursting in the air over our heads. There were ten charges passed through the stockade, knocking the logs to pieces, causing more injury from splinters than from shot.

Now, deeming it imprudent to try to hold my position any longer with such odds against me, and seeing that no assistance was to be sent to my relief, I did, with regret, at forty minutes past 10 a. m., surrender the post, unconditionally, to Major-General Wheeler, delivering my sword to him in person. The forces that attacked me consisted of two divisions of cavalry and twelve pieces of artillery, under command of Major-General Wheeler. There were 3 brigadiers and 1 major-general with the forces. I had at the time of the attack and 1 major-general with the forces. I had at the time of the attack 2 sergeants, 6 corporals, and 42 privates; total enlisted, 50. The loss of the enemy was 2 killed and 8 wounded. My loss was 2 sergeants wounded (1 dangerously and the other but slightly), and but 4 privates wounded, 1 struck by a shell on the hip, wounding him severely; quite a number of the men were knocked down by splinters. The men laid down their arms and were marched out and stripped of

