
their overcoats, woolen and gum blankets. We were then marched to the Shelbyville pike, where we lay until 2 p. m. We were then started toward Shelbyville, and marched to within one-half mile of Guy's Gap, where we were searched, and moneys and trinkets were taken from the men.

The company was released at sundown, unconditionally. We received a pass from General Wheeler's adjutant-general to return to our camp. I returned to the stockade the same night, where we lay until the next morning, when I started with the company for Murfreesborough, Tenn., at which place I arrived at 9 a. m., ready for duty as soon as arms can be procured.

FRANK D. BALDWIN,

First Lieutenant Nineteenth Michigan Regiment, Comdg. Co. D.

H. C. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Michigan Regiment.

Numbers 21.

Report of Major Michael L. Patterson,* Fourth Tennessee Infantry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., October 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report relative to the surrender of the post of McMinnville, Tenn.:

In compliance with an order issued by Major General G. Granger, I moved my command from Nashville, Tenn., on the 9th day of September, and arrived at McMinnville on Tuesday, the 15th September; reported to Major A. B. Brackett, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, then in command of the post.

On Saturday, the 26th September, Major Brackett left the post under orders, as I understand, placing myself in command of the post.

Immediately upon assuming command of the post I made a thorough examination of the town and means of defense in case of an attack.

I found several long rifle-pits on the east and southwest sides of the town, at about the distance of half a mile from the center or courthouse. They undoubtedly had been prepared for a large force, brigade or division. I only having about 400 effective men-infantry-I could not see that they would be of any use to me, or that I could use them in any way to my advantage whatever, with so small a force, as I had seven different roads to picket, the quartermaster's and commissary stores to guard, as well as a provost guard, which, in all, took 130 men daily on duty, also a railroad bridge with a guard of 1 commissioned officer, 1 sergeant, and 15 men.

Immediately upon assuming command of the post, I sent a telegram to Governor Johnson, asking him to send me the Third Tennessee Cavalry. He replied that he could not spare them from Nashville.

On the 28th instant, I telegraphed to the commander of the post at Murfreesborough to send me 200 cavalry. He replied he had no cavalry to send.

On the 30th September or October 1, I telegraphed Brigadier General R.

---------------

*For Johnson to Rosecrans, October 12, 1863, relating to the parole of the Fourth Tennessee Infantry, see Part IV, p. 308.

---------------

