
to east. Just at night orders were countermanded to move the army.

The feeling is one of great doubt as to the movements of the enemy.

All want to fight him, but the question is, can we make him fight us?

MONDAY, September 7, 1863.

Clear and warm. Enemy shelling the town from batteries opposite and came down with eight regiments of infantry to within a short distance of Lookout Point. Preston Smith at the point drove them off handsomely, killing quite a number. At night Mercer [W. N. Mercer Otey] got out of lights and quite a trouble was the result. At 3 p. m. the order to move at dark was renewed. Pegram, in command of the cavalry, left to defend Chattanooga; a poor show. Rucker in command of the force immediately in front of the town and at the Point. Hill left by dusk, and at 9 p. m. young Breckinridge reported the last of his command gone. The dust terrible-almost impossible to see; the drivers could not see to drive.

TUESDAY, September 8, 1863.

Clear and warm. Smith was not relieved at the point of Lookout till 8 a. m. Hindman took the advance, Cheatham following. We got off at 6 a. m. with General Bragg. Waterson was to have come with us, but did not. McKinstry made mistake in keeping a regiment (Thirty-ninth Alabama) on provost duty and not relieving it till we got 5 miles from town. Failed also in giving Mr. Browning (the guide) the mule that was left for him. Mr. Browning walked. The army marching in the very best of spirits under the conviction that we are to have a fight. The dust terrible and very warm. Reached Scott's, on Chattanooga Creek, about 5 p. m. Hindman encamps on the farther side and Cheatham on this side of the creek. Wagons and the army late getting into camp.

WEDNESDAY, September 9, 1863.

Clear and warm; frightfully dusty. Rucker sent in reports nearly all night. Order received at dark last night to resume the march toward La Fayette at 6 a. m. to-day was at 5.30 a. m. suspended. Rucker represented the enemy as having skirmished with Colonel Mauldin's force at point of Lookout till night of last night. About 1 a. m. Brigadier-General Martin's letter, explanatory of the condition of things in his front, was received at these headquarters. Martin sent it to Brent, Brent to Hill for information, and Hill to Brigadier General L. E. Polk for his information. By mistake the courier brought it to General L. Polk. At an early hour to-day heard the enemy's guns in Chattanooga. By 12 m. learned that Rucker had given up the town. Mauldin had but 75 men at the Point; lost 3 killed and had 10 wounded. Said that two brigades were brought against him; that Rucker gave him no help, and he could not hold the Point. Rucker had a race with the enemy-they on one side of the creek, in town, and he on the other-to get away from the Yanks. Rucker, of course, beat them. Toward night had information that the enemy were crossing Lookout Mountain and coming down into McLemore's Cove. Question as to the route they will take, whether down Chattanooga Creek or Chickamauga Creek. The mouth of the cove covered by Mauldin's men, who were ordered to advance up the cove till they came in contact with the enemy. Large trains said to be coming down the mountain. The enemy having got on the top by Johnson's Crook, then came southwardly on the top of the mountain, and

