
ADDENDA.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE, Comdg. at Gallatin, Tenn.:

SIR: We have the honor of making the following statement, according to your request, to wit:

On the morning of the 2nd instant, I received authority from Brigadier General R. S. Granger, commanding at Nashville, by telegraph, to impress horses and mount a sufficient number of men for scouts. I impressed between 40 and 50 horses, and mounted a like number of men. I sent out two scouts of 20 men each, one on the Pikeville road, with orders to go 6 or 7 miles; one on the Sparta road, with orders to go about the same distance. Both reported to me, at 11 p. m., all right.

Next morning, the 3rd, at about 8 o'clock, sent out 24 men, under Lieutenant Farnsworth, on the Pikeville road, which was cut off, and failed to give me any information.

About 10.30 o'clock I ordered out a second scout on the same road, under Lieutenant Allen. He had passed the pickets between one-fourth and one-half a mile, and returned and reported the enemy in force. I immediately drew up all of my command, and made the best disposition of them possible to receive the enemy.

After hard skirmishing of about one to one and a quarter hours, in which the enemy were repulsed in three charges made by them, they sent in a flag of truce, demanding the immediate and unconditional surrender of the post, verbally, which I refused, and sent the flag back, demanding a written communication in reference to the surrender of the post from the commanding officer of the force in my front.

In about half an hour the flag again returned, borne by Colonel Hodge, commanding Kentucky brigade, with an order, in writing (herewith attached), demanding the immediate and unconditional surrender of the post, with the entire garrison, which, after a conference with my officers, who deemed it useless to contend with so large a force in my crippled condition, I complied with, asking protection for my officers and men, which request was granted.

I had 7 men killed and 31 wounded and missing. The enemy admit a loss of 23 killed and about twice that number wounded.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, OF MAJOR-GENERAL FORREST'S FORCES OF CAVALRY AND ARTILLERY, October 3, 1863.

Major M. L. PATTERSON, Commanding, McMinnville:

MAJOR: I have the honor of stating to you that we are here in force, with four divisions of cavalry and artillery, and demand the immediate and unconditional surrender of the post of McMinnville, with the entire garrison.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

McMINNVILLE, TENN., October 4, 1863.

I hereby unconditionally surrender all the garrison at this post to Major-General Wheeler, C. S. Army.

It is agreed between us that the entire force shall be paraded and marched out of the garrison by their own officers, they being protected in their private property as they have about their persons, side-arms to be excepted.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Major, Commanding Fourth Tennessee Infantry and Commanding Post.

Approved:

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

Agreeable to the terms of surrender, the arms [were] stacked and

