
Major FULLERTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I required the officers who came in here with the paroled prisoners to make me a statement of the whole matter, which I send to you.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 264. Chattanooga, Tenn., November 7, 1863.

The record of a Court of Inquiry, convened to investigate the conduct of Major Patterson, Fourth East Tennessee Volunteers, and the circumstances attending the surrender on the 3rd of October of the post and garrison of McMinnville, of which he was the commanding officer, heaving been carefully examined by the general commanding, he is satisfied that Major Patterson acted to the best of his judgment, and is therefore exonerated from all charges in connection therewith. He will report at once for duty with his regiment.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Grummond, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry.

FRANKLIN, [October] 12, 1863.

I started for Columbia with 100 mounted men. Arrived there yesterday morning. I dashed through the town, captured 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 7 privates. The latest I heard about Wheeler was that he was moving toward the Tennessee River. The only rebels about Columbia are Cooper's men. He is encamped with about 300 men on Rutherford's Creek. General Mitchell was in Pulaski while Wheeler was within 2 miles of that place.

G. W. GRUMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain W. NEVIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy furnished October 12, 4.05 p. m., to Major General Gordon Granger by Brigadier General R. S. Granger.)

Numbers 23.

Report of Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 13, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of Major-General Butterfield, who was placed in command of the Twelfth Corps, in the absence of its chief, to open our communications with the rear. Accompanying the report, I forward all of the other communications I have received which will throw any light upon the recent raid, its effects, and the means made use of to avert them. I have but a word to say in addition: The extent of the line and the character of the country through which it passes render it impossi-

