
menced a pursuit at daylight this morning; had not overtaken them at 8 a. m., but was gaining on them. He sent in this evening 230 prisoners and 3 pieces of artillery, 1 piece taken that is dismounted. I have also taken to-day 22 prisoners. I will start them to Murfreesborough at daylight. I have recovered about $30,000 or $40,000 worth of the goods taken from the merchants here by the rebels. I will scour the country by to-morrow in the rear of our forces, and pick up the scattered rebels-the woods are full of them.

The enemy have gone in the direction of Pulaski. It is rumored very currently that Forrest will unite with Wheeler in that vicinity. I, from the best information that I can get, would be surprised. I believe that he is down there in that section. General Mitchell has probably taken Wheeler's wagon train before this, as he was closely pursuing it last night in the direction of Columbia.

There are a good many wounded who have not been sent in. There are about 200 rebels wounded. Killed and wounded on the rebel side estimated at about 300. Ours about 60; 19 are killed.

I am, sir, with regard, your obedient servant,

ROBT. GALBRAITH,

Commanding Cavalry.

Numbers 25.

Reports of Captain Robert H. Hall,* Tenth U. S. Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Stevenson, Ala., October 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as the result of the investigation of the particulars attending the surrender of the garrison of the stockade at Stone's River Bridge.

This stockade is situated on the edge of the river bank, which at this point is an almost perpendicular ledge of rocks. On the opposite bank is a plain commanded near the bridge on the west side of the railroad embankment by the fire from the stockade.

On the morning of the 5th instant, the garrison was composed of 1 lieutenant and 50 men of the Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers. There appears to have been but 1 picket, and this was thrown out but a short distance.

About 9 a. m. of that day a party of 4 or 5 of the enemy, mounted, approached the work and demanded its surrender, which the lieutenant refused and prepared to resist any attack. This party from the enemy then retired and the garrison opened fire, to which the enemy answered from a distance of about 600 yards, first with rifles and afterward with one piece of artillery, producing, however, no effect. The enemy then placed one or two more pieces in position and opened them on the work. An examination of the stockade shows that it was twice struck with apparently 6-pounder balls. Three men of the garrison were wounded by this artillery fire, one mortally, when the remainder withdrew and took refuge under the ledge of rocks before alluded to.

The artillery fire still continued on the work, the defenders remaining inactive.

---------------

*See also report of First Lieutenant Frank D. Baldwin, Nineteenth Michigan Infantry, p. 706.

---------------

