
whom they were told of the defeat. Colonel Given then convened a council of war, following whose decision he determined to throw his force of 500 men into the defenses. He disposed them as follows: 300 men, composing a battalion of the One hundred and second Ohio, were placed in the earth-work; 150 convalescents in the stockade next the town, and the remaining 50 men, a company of the Thirty-third Indiana Volunteers, were posted in the stockade next the tunnel. Colonel Given assured his different commanders that these several defenses were to be held to the last extremity.

These dispositions were completed about 9 p. m., and remained unchanged, except that a small force was thrown out about midnight on each flank until daylight.

Colonel Given informed me at 11 a. m. that he understood the enemy was then encamped in the cove, about 1 mile east of the tunnel.

The rebel force is believed to have been composed of Roddey's command. No definite information could be obtained in relation to its strength. Lieutenant Cairns estimated it at from 2,000 to 3,000, while one of the convalescents gave as his opinion that they did not exceed 800 in number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. HALL,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 26.

Reports of Temple Clark, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

AT BURNED BRIDGE, GARRISON'S FORK, Wednesday, October 7, 1863-5 a. m.

The troops disembarked at 8.30 last night, crossed the creek, and occupied the position of the stockade [now burned], formed two lines, right resting on creek, left on railroad; picketed heavily in front, rear, and on flank, with strong reserves on all the roads. Too late and dark to go to Wartrace last night, not knowing sufficient of the approaches.

Just moving now on Wartrace; skirmishers well in front. Leave two companies at bridge until other troops arrive.

TEMPLE CLARK,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

WARTRACE, [October 7, 1863]-9.30 a. m.

Arrived here 5.30 a. m.; all quiet. Citizens report enemy as all moving toward Shelbyville, probably over 2,000, some reports say with seven guns; I think with four guns and three caissons, guns light; very little damage to railroad from the bridge to Wartrace; materials on ground for repair.

An infantry regiment should move at once toward Murfreesborough ont he railroad to survey and report the exact damage to road and to repair telegraph line. Telegraphic communication should be opened at once with Murfreesborough and Nashville, and the amount of damage to road immediately reported. A force should also be left at Christiana, say 50 men, in the place of those captured there.

46 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

