
motive, and train of cars, and a bridge over Hickory Creek, such of the stores as could be transported having been distributed to the command.

On the following day we marched to Murfreesborough. After making a demonstration upon the place, we moved over, and, after a short fight, captured a strong stockade guarding the railroad bridge over Stone's River, with its garrison of 52 men. The day was occupied in cutting down the bridge and thoroughly burning the timber. We also burned the railroad ties and track for 3 miles below the bridge.

The following day we destroyed a train and a quantity of stores at Christiana and Fosterville, and destroyed all the railroad bridges and trestles between Murfreesborough and Wartrace, including all the large bridges at and near the latter place, capturing the guards, &amp;c. We also captured and destroyed a large amount of stores of all kinds at Shelbyville, the enemy running from his strong fortifications upon our approach. That night I ordered Davidson's division to encamp on Duck River near Warner's Bridge, Martin's division 2 miles farther down, and Wharton's 2 miles below Martin's.

During the evening, I learned that the enemy, who had been closely pursuing, had encamped near Frazier's farm. I immediately informed General Davidson of the position of the enemy, and directed him to keep the enemy observed and to join me should the enemy move toward him. This order was shortly after repeated with this modification, that he should move immediately to my position (Crowell's Mill). Unfortunately, he failed to comply with this order, and on the following morning was attacked by a superior force of the enemy. I received two consecutive dispatches [following] from General Davidson which indicated that he was moving down Duck River, but on questioning his couriers I ascertained that he was moving toward Farmington. I immediately started at a trot toward Farmington with Martin's division, ordering General Wharton and the wagons to follow me. I reached Farmington just in time to place five regiments of Martin's command in position when the enemy appeared. I had ordered General Davidson to form in column by fours on the pike and to charge the enemy when they were repulsed by Martin's division, General Davidson having officially reported to me that only three regiments of the enemy had been seen during the day. The engagement commenced warmly, but the enemy was soon repulsed. General Davidson had failed to form as stated, and instead had moved for some distance. The enemy soon after came up in strong force with a division of infantry and a division of cavalry. We fought them with great warmth for twenty minutes, when we charged the line and drove it back for some distance. General Wharton's column and our train having now passed, and the object for which we fought being accomplished, we withdrew without being followed by the enemy.

The enemy, in his own account of the fight, acknowledged a loss of 29 killed, including 1 colonel, and 159 wounded.

My entire loss was less than one-fourth of the above figures.

A reconnaissance was made toward Columbia, which caused the enemy to evacuate that place and destroy all their stores, including thirty days' rations for the garrison. We then proceeded to the Tennessee River at Muscle Shoals, the only fordable place on the river, where we crossed without difficulty, the enemy reaching the

