
river just after I had crossed. Two pieces of artillery of Wiggins' battery having broken down several times, were finally abandoned on account of our utter inability to bring them farther. The officers deserve great credit for carrying them so far in their disabled condition. One of the limbers of White's battery blew up, which caused it also to be abandoned. Two of the pieces were howitzers, and the other was an iron gun which had been condemned at every inspection for the last year.

During the trip we captured in action 1,600 prisoners, and killed and wounded as many of their cavalry as would cover our entire loss.

A full report of the casualties in my command during the battle and during the trip through Middle Tennessee will be found in the annexed tabular statement.*

A considerable amount of the property captured on the trip was brought across the river.+

* * * * * * *

To General Davidson and Colonel Hodge, who commanded the troops which joined me on the expedition across the Tennessee River, I tender my thanks for their good conduct and that of their troops during their advance upon McMinnville, and to Generals Martin and Colonel Avery for their gallant assistance in the capture and destruction of the wagon train, and to General Martin and his command particularly for their good conduct at Farmington and their laborious work in destroying the bridges on the railroad.

General Wharton and his command behaved throughout with their accustomed gallantry.

I tender my thanks to the following members of my staff for their gallantry and good conduct, viz: Colonel King, Majors Burford, Jenkins, Humes, and Hill; Captains Turner, Powell, Wade, Flash, and Kennedy, and Lieutenants Pointer, Wailes, Nichol, and Hatch.

To Major Humes particularly am I indebted for his great gallantry during the fight at Farmington, where we has wounded, and to Lieutenant Pointer, my aide, for his gallantry during a cavalry charge, when he dashed upon the enemy's color bearer, shot him, and then turned and brought the colors back to the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS DAVIDSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Allen's House, October 3, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am moving down the side of the river. The enemy are following me up. As soon as I can get a position I will make a stand. I think they are in strong force.

Respectfully,

H. B. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

+For portion here omitted, see p. 522.

---------------

