
cavalry force lingering there. And next day, the 12th, I came on to Corinth to push on the organization and supplies necessary for the movement on which I am engaged.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Tennessee.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

OCTOBER 6, 1863.

Chalmers has attacked McGrillis' cavalry with artillery at Lockhart's Mill, on Coldwater.

The Seventh Illinois Cavalry has been ordered to re-enforce McGrillis. The movement, if a real attack, will be on La Grange and Moscow. If this is a feint they will, if in sufficient force, strike for Pocahontas.

I would be glad if you could move a brigade to White's Station this afternoon, if they have their own transportation. From that point they can readily re-enforce Collierville and La Fayette, if necessary. If they move to White's Station, they should move on early in the morning to Collierville.

Yours, in haste,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

[Indorsement.]

General Giles A. Smith can move out one of his brigades to White's, and act as circumstances may require.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., October 11, 1863-3.30 p. m. (Received 9 p. m., 13th.)

The railroad was cut twice early this morning-beyond Collierville, and between Germantown and Collierville. Sherman, with battalion of Thirteenth Regulars, reached Collierville at 11 a. m. The place was attacked by the rebels with artillery. Telegraph communication ceased at 12 m. Corse's brigade in hurrying out to Collierville. I have one regiment of infantry there, but no artillery. Line still works to Germantown, 9 miles from Collierville. The operator reports that he hears no firing-3 p. m. A regiment and battery have started by railroad from Germantown to Collierville.

