
Three regiments and another battery are moving by land. My cavalry was south and east of La Grange yesterday.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MEMPHIS, TENN., October 12, 1863-2.30 p.m. (Received 1.45 p. m., 14th.)

The enemy was repulsed from Collierville yesterday. Our loss is reported 18 killed, 60 wounded, 20 missing. They have gone south.

The railroad will be repaired to-day. I have a brigade of infantry at Holly Springs, and cavalry to the right and left of that point, and hope to cut them off. No other points on the railroad were struck. I have issued orders to open the telegraph and railroad from Columbus to Corinth, but have no hope of keeping them up with my force. At least six regiments more will be required for that service. If ordered, they should report to General A. J. Smith, at Columbus. Joe Johnston is reported organizing a force at Meridian-probably from the Vicksburg prisoners.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, October 12, 1863.

GENERAL: On Friday last the enemy's cavalry under Lee moved in three columns. Two which crossed the Coldwater, one at Lumpkin's Mill, one at Quinn and Jackson's, were met and repulsed; they fell back and joined the main body. My cavalry, under Hatch, McGrillis, and Phillips, tried them on all sides but were repulsed, and on Saturday night left them at Salem, falling back to La Grange for ammunition and concentration.

On yesterday (Sunday) a part of the enemy's force, estimated at 4,000, attacked Collierville at 10 a. m., capturing pickets. Major-General Sherman arrived on a train with the Thirteenth Regulars and a sharp fight ensued, in which we lost, as I learn, 18 killed and about 60 wounded, the enemy having artillery and our troops none.

At 3 p. m. I forwarded a train with a battery and regiment of Corse's brigade, but the enemy had disappeared.

Enemy's loss not known as yet. Hatch's cavalry and one brigade on infantry are now at Holly Springs, and I think will cut off the retreat of the enemy.

The road has been broken in four places, but is now in repair.

It will be impossible I think for me to hold it intact, but I shall push all supplies, &amp;c., to Corinth.

General Halleck directs me to open the road and telegraph from Columbus. I can open it, but cannot keep it.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

