
gallant and meritorious conduct of the officers and men of the Sixty-sixth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers at the battle of Collierville, Tenn. He now takes great pleasure in making honorable mention of the officers and men of this regiment, who, on the 11th of October, 1863, were attacked by 3,000 of the enemy's cavalry at Collierville, Tenn., with eight pieces of artillery, under Generals Chalmers and Richardson, and after several hours' obstinate fighting, without any fortified protection worth mentioning, succeeded with the assistance of General Sherman and escort, consisting of 240 men of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, in gallantly repulsing the enemy, and causing them to make a hasty retreat to the Tallahatchie River, and this achieved by a total force of only 480 men.

The general commanding cannot forbear to notice, also, the gallant conduct of Captain Campbell, commanding detachment of the Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers at La Fayette, who, when informed by our cavalry that Collierville had been taken, and that the enemy were marching upon his post, refused to leave his position and prepared to defend it at all hazards. Colonel D. C. Anthony, commanding the Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, has worked hard and faithfully to bring his command up to the proper standard of discipline and soldierly qualifications, and the result of the battle of Collierville has more than repaid him for his exertions, and here-after the Sixty-sixth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers will rank in valor and meritorious conduct on the field of action with the oldest and most veteran regiments of this division.

Brigade commanders will see that this order is read at the head of every regiment in their respective commands.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general, commanding:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Cox's Cross-Roads, via La Grange, October 14, 1863. (Received headquarters Memphis, 15th.)

SIR: I struck the enemy near Ingram's Mill, south of Byhalia, about 3 p. m. on the 12th instant, fought them two hours, drove them from their position, and followed till 9 o'clock that evening.

On the 13th, I moved out at daybreak, and struck the enemy's pickets in the first mile, and skirmished continually from that time till within 2 miles of Wyatt, when I came in sight of their artillery, about three-quarters of a mile ahead. I ordered Colonel Phillips' brigade forward at a gallop, and charged down to the town of Wyatt. The artillery barely escaped. The enemy held the town with their whole force, sent their horses across the river, and fought stubbornly, holding every log-house and gully.

After hard fighting, from 3.30 to 9.30 p. m., I succeeded in driving the enemy into the river. They could not destroy the bridge. I sent a battalion across the river this morning about 5 miles, but found no force of the enemy. I then recrossed the river, destroyed

