
the bridge, and formed a junction with General Sweeny at this place. I should have pursued farther, but I have only 23 rounds of ammunition per man, and only 40 rounds of artillery ammunition.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General HURLBUT.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Memphis, Tenn., October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division since the 4th instant:

For several days previous to that time I had been apprised that the enemy was making preparations to attack the Memphis and Charleston Railroad at some point not then known to me.

On the 2nd instant, in anticipation of this, I ordered a battalion of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry to Olive Branch, a battalion of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry to Quinn and Jackson's Mill, on the Coldwater, and a battalion of the same regiment to Mount Pleasant. I also ordered Colonel McCrillis to send one battalion to Early Grove and one battalion to Lamar.

On the 4th instant, I received more definite information of his intentions, that he designed to cross the Coldwater and make the attack on some point between Memphis and La Grange, either La Fayette, Collierville, or Moscow. I immediately ordered Colonel McCrillis to move at once with his entire command to Lockhart's Mill, south of Mount Pleasant, on the Coldwater. I also directed the force at Quinn and Jackson's Mill to be re-enforced by the remainder of the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, withdrawing the force from Olive Branch.

On the night of the 5th instant, the enemy, estimated at 1,600, attacked Colonel McGrillis at Lockhart's Mill, and was repulsed. The enemy then moved off in the direction of Hudsonville, attempting a flank movement. McGrillis immediately dispatched the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry in that direction, and on the 6th instant moved with his command toward La Grange. The enemy then fell back toward Salem.

On the night of the 6th instant, in compliance with orders from Major-General Hurlbut, I went to La Grange and commenced massing the cavalry at that place.

On the morning of the 7th instant, I directed Colonel McGrillis to move on to Salem, and if he found the enemy there no attack him vigorously.

The next morning I moved down to Lamar with the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, and there met the Seventh Illinois and Seventh Kansas Cavalry, which had been ordered to that point.

That night I learned that McGrillis, having been joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips' (Ninth Illinois) infantry, had been fighting at Salem.

On the morning of the 9th, we pushed rapidly for Salem, expecting to find McGrillis and Phillips in that vicinity. While on the march I received a communication from Brigadier-General Sweeny, stating that he had sent two regiments of infantry and a section of artillery to Davis' Mills, 10 miles from Salem, which would support me if necessary.

