
back. Instructing Colonel Phillips, whenever he was ready, to charge the enemy's left, drew the attention of the enemy on our left by a rapid fire with howitzers. Colonel Phillips then charged with the Seventh Illinois and Seventh Kansas Cavalry, supported by the Sixth Illinois Cavalry. The enemy broke in confusion, mounting their horses, and were rallied about 2 miles from their first position. Pursued steadily until 9 p. m. toward Hernando, fighting with his rear. Moved out in the morning before daylight, Colonel Phillips in advance, and struck the enemy's rear guard 1 mile from camp, driving him toward Wall Hill. Learned his guns passed in the night and were about for hours ahead, going toward Wyatt; pushed on rapidly, fighting the enemy, charging the last 8 miles, when the enemy were found in force at Wyatt, a deep ditch surrounding the town, a bridge immediately in the rear, his artillery massed near the road leading to the bridge. Colonel Phillips immediately deployed his brigade to the front, and, swinging his left on the center, pushed back the enemy's right, closing in on the river so as to enfilade the road leading to the bridge. He then threw forward his right, and sent the Seventh Kansas Cavalry forward as skirmishers to take possession of some log-houses occupied by the enemy, when the enemy attacked that regiment in force, driving in back on the reserves. Colonel Moyers then moved up the Third Michigan and Sixth Tennessee Cavalry on the right of Colonel Phillips' brigade, extending my line by the right flank, throwing the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, with eight guns, into the gap in the center caused by this movement, opening with the guns on the houses occupied by the enemy and shelling the bridge. The enemy made a slight demonstration on my right and charged in force on the left, the howitzers playing on them with canister. The charge was received by the Ninth Illinois Infantry, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, and a battalion of the Third Michigan Cavalry, splendidly covered by a belt of timber and ditches. The enemy were repulsed with great loss. The enemy, finding the right had taken a piece of timber on their left, sent the Second Missouri (Confederate) Cavalry to dislodge our men.

This regiment, though fighting tenaciously, was repulsed. The enemy made two more charges on our left, the past a desperate one, and were, as before, driven back with loss, leaving in their last charge 15 dead on the field. Night had then closed in dark and rainy; our artillery continued to play on the bridge. I ordered the right to close on the enemy, the enemy's volleys doing us no damage in the dark, our men firing at the flash. About 9 o'clock the Ninth Illinois, Seventh Kansas, Third Michigan, and Sixth Tennessee charged the town, led by Colonel Phillips, driving the enemy in confusion into the river and over the bridge en masse, the Ninth Illinois Infantry pouring volleys into them. We crossed the bridge with the enemy.

In the morning pushed forward, finding no enemy; believed they had fled to Oxford.

Having but 23 rounds of ammunition left to the man, and being 45 miles from my supplies, I deemed it prudent to give up the pursuit.

We captured 50 prisoners, with 5 commissioned officers, including their captain of artillery and captain and adjutant-general of General [Colonel] Richardson, 200 stand of arms, and 2 ammunition wagons.

The town of Wyatt was burned by the men, being mostly log-

