
houses, used by the enemy for defense. Our loss will scarcely exceed 60 in killed and wounded.

The entire command behaved finely. Of Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips and Lieutenant-Colonel Moyers, I cannot say too much. They did all I could wish, and the regiments under them behaved nobly. Lieutenants Pike, Belden, McClure, and Callon nearly all had horses shot under them and did their duty bravely and cheerfully. The Seventh Kansas, Sixth and Seventh Illinois, Third Michigan, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry were conspicuous. The Seventh Kansas Cavalry dashed at the enemy splendidly, and Colonel Phillips' (Ninth Illinois) infantry conducted themselves with their usual gallantry.

Not having received the reports of the brigade commanders, I am unable to make a full report of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel 2nd Iowa Cav., Comdg. Cav. Div., 16th Army Corps.

[Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.]

Numbers 6.

Reports of Colonel La Fayette McGrillis, Third Illinois Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

LOCKHART'S MILL, October 6, 1863-6 a. m. (Received Memphis, 6th.

Chalmers had attacked me with artillery. His forces are kept mostly under cover. I cannot tell how many. I have had 2 men wounded so far. I have moved to the high ground on the north side of Coldwater.

McGRILLIS,

Colonel.

Colonel HATCH.

MOUNT PLEASANT, [October] 6, 1863-3 p. m.

I had a sharp little skirmish at Lockhart's Mill this morning. The enemy were repulsed. Left a picket in front of me and moved off on each flank. I apprehended their crossing at Alexander's Mill and attacking me in rear. The ground was very disadvantageous. My artillery would have been worse than useless had they done so, and I moved back to this place. I ordered Colonel Hurst to Lamar. He got on the wrong road and struck the rear of a rebel column 2,500 strong with two pieces of artillery, the same that attacked me this morning, moving toward La Grange or Grand Junction. Colonel Hurst's courier has just reached me, I shall immediately move east after the enemy.

L. F. McGRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade Cavalry.

General SWEENY and

Colonel HATCH.

