
with deep columns of cavalry on the flanks. He charged my rear

ineffectually, three times in the first mile marched, when night

came on, and he dropped the pursuit.

During the action my artillery fired upward of 300 rounds. The

enemy fired about 50 rounds from two pieces. Lieutenant-Colonel

Phillips, Ninth Illinois Infantry, displayed great gallantry and

skill in conducting that part of the engagement in my front and

center. He re-enforced me at just the right time. Captain Kirkbride, who led the Third Illinois Cavalry, deserves more than ordinary credit for the vigor with which he bore back and held the

enemy's right.

Major Thomas H. Boswell and Lieutenant R. D. Deford, Sixth Tennessee

Cavalry, were seriously wounded. Also a lieutenant of the Ninth

Illinois Infantry whose name I have not had. I have had no report

of casualties in the last-named regiment. Not including them, my

losses are 2 mortally wounded, 8 seriously wounded, and 1 missing.

I have since ascertained the enemy's loss to have included 11 dead on the field and 44 so badly wounded that they were left in houses near by. I returned to the line of the railroad on the morning of the 9th instant.

Respectfully submitted.

L. F. McGRILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Lieutenant W. P. CALLON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 7.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, Ninth Illinois (mounted) Infantry.

SAULSBURY, October 8, 1863.

SIR: I moved on Salem last night at dusk, but did not attack. This morning I sent a sufficient detachment to reconnoiter and discover their force. The enemy had on line during the skirmish about 700 men, besides their reserves and a body of cavalry on their left, my right flank. Finding their numbers far superior to my own, and my left and rear being exposed to an advance from New Albany or Hickory Flat, I commenced falling back. I shall endeavor to get between Salem and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and will find out what force they have. My advance pickets heard artillery move last night. I am of the opinion that this is a force left to check me while the main body has moved toward the railroad. If this is not the case, and the force I saw intends striking the railroad, I will prevent them. I have information of large force in Salem last night, and know that 1,000 were there this morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS.

Lieutenant W. F. JOBE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

