
Numbers 8.

Report of Captain Elijah T. Phillips, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, October 12, 1863-12.15 a. m.

General CARR, and

General SWEENY:

SIR: The following just received:

COLLIERVILLE, October 11. (By telegraph from La Fayette.)

The attack on this place to-day was repulsed. General Sherman is here safe.

[ELIJAH T.] PHILLIPS,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

AUGUST MERSY.

Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant Richard K. Randolph, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

SAULSBURY, October 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I arrived here a few moments ago. Yesterday Colonel Phillips entered Salem about noon; found McGrillis and Hurst there. A fierce attack was made on the place from the south and west by the rebels, thought to be commanded by Chalmers or Lee. Force estimated at 4,000. Two regiments of infantry fought us in line; a large force of cavalry at La Grange on our right. A sharp fight continued throughout the afternoon, we retiring to an elevation occupied by the artillery, forced back by superior numbers. Ninth Illinois Infantry, as skirmishers, covered the retreat, fighting splendidly and falling back to their mules in good order. The enemy had one piece (rifled) engaged; two others belong to command. I make this report not knowing that Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, to whom I acted as adjutant, has yet reported. Our loss estimated at 15 to 20 killed and wounded; enemy's must be much greater, as we used canister at short range. Lieutenant Ulen, Ninth Illinois, shot through knee. Captain Hawes, with one battalion, Ninth Illinois, will arrive here soon. Colonel Phillips expected Colonels Hurst and McGrillis within 4 miles of this place, and moved toward La Grange.

Respectfully,

R. K. RANDOLPH,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.

Colonel AUGUST MERSY,

Commanding.

Numbers 10.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Trafton, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Collierville, Tenn., October 19, 1863.

SIR: By your order, I reported with my command to Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, of Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, for duty on the 10th instant. Was ordered by him to join his command at the junction of Smith's Mill and Salem roads, which I did. Marched in the rear of his brigade that day, bivouacked near Lockhart's Mill at night.

