
Next morning marched in advance of Sixth Illinois Cavalry to near Quinn's Mill, where we captured 6 prisoners. We halted at that place until joined by the remainder of Colonel Phillips' brigade and by Colonel Hatch's brigade. Then moved in advance toward Byhalia, skirmishing with the enemy's rear all the way. There we came upon the main force of the enemy posted in a strong position on the top of a hill. I immediately dismounted three companies and sent them to support the advance, when they charged upon the enemy but were repulsed. By this time the action had become general, our regiment having the center, the Seventh Kansas on our right, and the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry on our left. We fought for some time, our regiment being charged once by the enemy, but repulsed them. Finally, the Sixth Illinois Cavalry was sent to our right flank, which the rebels were pressing hard. As soon as the Sixth Illinois were in position, our regiment, with the Sixth Illinois, charged the rebels, who gave way, took to their horses, and fled precipitately. We lost in this engagement 1 lieutenant and 1 man killed, and 1 lieutenant and 5 men wounded. We followed our regiment in advance, as before. Their rear guard took every advantage of woods, hills, and turns to ambush us, but we pressed them hard until dark, when we were again ordered to bivouac until morning.

Next day our regiment took the rear, according to orders of Colonel Phillips, followed to Wyatt Crossing, at which fight one battalion of our regiment was ordered to watch the right flank, one battalion the left flank, and the third was held in reserve. At this fight we lost none killed or wounded. We camped with the brigade near the crossing that night.

Next day our regiment marched in rear of brigade to Cox's farm, where we stopped for the night. The day following we marched in advance to Byhalia, where we stopped again for the night. That day we captured several prisoners, and assisted in driving in cattle, sheep, &amp;c.

Next day we came to Collierville, driving with us the cattle and sheep brought in the day before, which I sent with one company to Memphis. We lost in the fight at Byhalia 1 lieutenant and 1 man killed, and 1 lieutenant and 5 men wounded. In the other fights and skirmishes we lost none. The exact number of prisoners I cannot state, but it was some 12 or 16 taken by our regiment.

Hoping, colonel, that our regiment merited your approbation, and will ever continue to do so, I remain, with much respect and esteem, your most obedient servant,

GEO. W. TRAFTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Comdg. Regiment.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,

Comdg. Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 11.

Reports of Major Ira R. Gifford, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY, La Grange, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry int he late scout to the Coldwater River:

At 11 p. m., October 4, the regiment was ordered to march to

