
Lockhart's Mill, on the Coldwater River, where it arrived at 4 p. m. of the next day. At 9 p. m. of that day we received information that the enemy, 2,500 strong, were advancing on Lockhart's Mill. The regiment was ordered to saddle up, the howitzers to be placed in position, and await the approach of the enemy.

At 4 a. m. the next day (6th) we were ordered to move the train across the river, and at daylight the regiment was ordered to move across. Before the regiment had crossed, the enemy opened fire on the pickets with cannon. We then moved across the ferry, and placed the howitzers in position to guard the ferry. I then ordered one battalion of the regiment, under Captain Blackburn, to dismount and deploy as skirmishers along the bank of the river. The enemy then charged in force on the picket and rear guard, and drove them on to the command. The battery of howitzers, under Lieutenant Butler, then opened fire on the enemy, and they fell back in confusion. The enemy then charged, to gain possession of the ford. They were again repulsed and fell back in such confusion that they had to again form, and they were heard counting off. The enemy then advanced as skirmishers and were driven back by our skirmishers, and occasional shells from the howitzers (one section of the howitzers, with one battalion, under Captain Cameron, having been ordered back to the hill about a mile in the rear, where the remainder of the brigade was formed). The enemy then moved off with the apparent intention of flanking us, leaving a part of their force in our front, with whom we skirmished for about a half an hour, when they left the field. We then moved back to the balance of the command on the hill.

We were then ordered to Mount Pleasant, where we remained in line of battle for about three hours. The enemy making no appearance, we were then ordered to proceed on the road to Lamar. After having proceed about 4 miles, we were then ordered to La Grange, where we arrived on the 7th instant at 1 a. m.

I would further add that Corpl. Jerry C. Killmore, of Company B, was severely wounded in the wrist.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA R. GIFFORD,

Major, Comdg. Ninth Regiment of Illinois Cavalry.

R. W. PIKE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Cav. Div., 16th Army Corps.

HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY, La Grange, Tenn., October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, in the battle at Salem, Miss.:

On Friday, October 8, we met the enemy about 3 miles this side of Salem at 10 a. m. The enemy was driven back to the hill in front of the town, where we met about 500. As the Ninth Illinois Cavalry with its battery was ordered to the front, we then opened on the enemy with the howitzers, driving the enemy before us into the town; we then moved into the town, the enemy falling back. I was then ordered back to the hill, and there formed line of battle and was then ordered to feed.

