
While we were feeding, the enemy attacked in force. One section of the howitzers and a battalion, under Captain Booth, was ordered to the front to support the Ninth Illinois Infantry, one company having been previously deployed as skirmishers in front. The section of howitzers under Lieutenant Butler fired incessantly upon the advancing columns of the enemy until the ammunition was exhausted, when they were ordered back to the hill.

The regiment was then dismounted and ordered to the front to meet the enemy advancing in line. They held the enemy for about an hour, when the ammunition for the howitzers was exhausted, they having fired incessantly during this time. We then received orders to fall back, which was executed in good order. Private Joseph Wehargan, of Company F, was mortally wounded; Private Henry C. Ireland, of Company B, was severely wounded. Many of the men had their clothing riddled with balls; 6 horses were killed and 15 wounded; 124 rounds of ammunition were fired from the battery.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA R. GIFFORD,

Major, Commanding Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

R. W. PIKE,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier Cav. Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 12.

Reports of Colonel De Witt C. Anthony, Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry.

COLLIERVILLE, October 11, 1863.

We were attacked at 10 a. m. by General Chalmers, and repulsed the enemy. General Sherman requests me to say his engine is disabled, and requests and engine to be sent him at once. A number killed, wounded, and missing; in all other respects all right.

D. C. ANTHONY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General HURLBUT.

HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Collierville, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

SIR: On Sunday morning, the 11th instant, at 10 o'clock, my force of 240 men at this post was attacked by General Chalmers with eleven regiments, numbering, by the enemy's statement, 3,000 mounted infantry and cavalry, with eight pieces of artillery, five 1 1/2-inch Williams rifled guns, two 6-pounder smooth-bores, and one 10-pounder steel rifled gun. The enemy made a rapid charge upon my picket lines, and was held in check some time until my dispositions were made, but at a sacrifice of some wounded and a loss of 30, taken prisoners, including First Lieutenant W. Scott Whitman, in charge of one division of the picket guard. As soon as my lines were formed, the enemy ceased firing and showed himself in strong force and sent in a flag of truce, demanding the surrender of the place, which demand I declined to comply with.

