
now occupied were held until the affair closed at 3.30 p. m. by the hasty retreat of the enemy.

I take pleasure in saying that the officers and men of my command behaved during the engagement in the most admirable manner and stubbornly resisted the enemy for over five hours, although pressed by superior numbers at every point of attack.

I am greatly indebted to Major-General Sherman for his valuable advice during the engagement, to the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry for the part they bore, to Captains Fitch and Dayton (of General Sherman's staff) for their action and aid, and especially to Lieutenant James, of whose unusual gallantry I bear willing testimony. It would be injustice to a brave officer to omit mention of the conduct of Captain Campbell, commanding the detachment of two companies of the Sixty-sixth Indiana, at La Fayette.

About noon of the day of attack upon this garrison, a company of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, on temporary duty at this place, made a hasty retreat to La Fayette, but 5 miles distant, and reported that the garrison at Collierville had surrendered, that the enemy was moving upon him in heavy force, and advising the immediate evacuation of the place, &amp;c. Notwithstanding the fact that all the surrounding circumstances justified the truth of the report, Captain Campbell refused to leave his position and prepared to defend it at all hazards.

The loss of the Thirteenth Regulars was: 10 killed, 27 wounded, and 13 missing.

Loss of the Sixty-sixth Indiana: 4 killed, 15 wounded, and 41 missing.

The entire number engaged upon the Federal side was 480.

The number of the enemy engaged, by their own report, was 3,060, with two batteries, one of three guns, a 10-pounder rifled and two 6-pounder smooth-bores, the other of five rifled guns; we buried 30 of the enemy on the field, and heard of others carried away with their wounded. The enemy's loss will fall but little, if any, short of 150. Appended is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. ANTHONY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant D. T. BOWLER,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., 16th A. C.

Numbers 13.

Report of Captain Charles C. Smith, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, 13TH U. S. INFANTRY, Camp at Corinth, Miss., October 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the First Battalion, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, left Memphis, Tenn., on the cars, at 9 a. m. Sunday, October 11, 1863. On the arrival of the train at Collierville, a station about 24 miles out, at 11 a. m., I was informed that an attack was about to be made on the forces stationed at that post.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

