
13 wagons and teams, 1 ambulance, and a number of horses and mules, and a small quantity of ammunition and other captured property. In order to prevent the demoralization of his men, Colonel McGuirk was compelled to burn the greater part of the property found in the captured camp, consisting in part of about 200 tents, 30 wagons, and a considerable quantity of quartermaster's and other stores.

Our loss was 3 killed and 48 wounded. That of the enemy could not be accurately ascertained, but it is reported by citizens who visited the place soon after the engagement as having been 117 killed, of whom 39 were negroes, and 170 wounded.

The locomotive and train were damaged, and a house, said to contain commissary stores, was destroyed by our artillery. The horses of Generals Sherman and Smith and their staff officers were on the train, and many of them were killed.

On the following morning (12th), having heard nothing of any movement of the enemy, my own brigade was moved to Pigeon Roost Creek, and Colonel Richardson, was about to follow some hours later, when information was received that the enemy were advancing in force. Colonel Richardson took position on a hill near Ingram's house, immediately south of Byhalia Creek, his artillery being in the road in the center, and the line extending on either hand, the skirmishers in front of the center having possession of some log buildings. Here he was attacked by the enemy, who continued their efforts to drive him back for more than three hours without success, until finding they were extending their lines to the left with the intention of flanking him, and that another column was moving to attack him on the right and cut off his retreat, he fell back to Ingram's Mill, where our whole force encamped for the night.

Our force in this affair did not exceed 800 men, with two 6-pounders. That of the enemy consisted of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Seventh Kansas and Third Michigan Cavalry, and eight pieces of artillery.

Our loss was 1 man severely and 1 slightly wounded and 2 horses killed. Theirs was severe-9 killed and 13 wounded, and, in addition, the citizens of Byhalia report that during the fight several ambulances loaded with dead and wounded passed through that place to the rear.

On the 13th, our ammunition being almost exhausted, our forces fell back to Wyatt, where we arrived about 2 p. m., the enemy following and skirmishing with our rear guard during the day. As our troops arrived they were crossed to the south side of the river, where their horses were left and the men brought back to the north side and drawn up with either flank resting on the river, the center being strengthened by the houses of the village. They had not reached their allotted positions when the attack was commenced by the enemy, who, having been re-enforced by the Sixth Tennessee and Third Illinois Cavalry and four pieces artillery, now numbered 2,500 men, with twelve pieces artillery. Our force, even after being re-enforced by the part of Colonel George's regiment then at Wyatt, had been reduced by straggling and other causes to not more than 1,600 men. Our ammunition was almost exhausted. Of the artillery, only three pieces, one 6 and two 2 pounders, could be brought into action, and they had but a few rounds left. The men were greatly wearied, and a heavy rain, which continued throughout the

