
Lieutenant Turner carried out 89 prisoners captured by the Third Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, and Captain Duncan, for First Mississippi Partisans, delivered 15 prisoners. Add 1 delivered to Lieutenant Turner by Colonel Hovis' regiment and you have 105 prisoners captured by my command. There were at least 50 wagons in the camps. I sent out 18 and 1 ambulance. The Yankee wagon-master reports 150 mules and about 100 head of horses. All this property was carried out except the overplus of wagons, which was burned. There was about 200 tents in the encampment, which were crowded with all that could make soldiers comfortable. To destroy this was necessary for the protection of my command, and if officers and men who tarried in the camps had done their whole duty, much might have been saved to the command in general that is enjoyed only by straggling plunderers.

After leaving the camps I received an order to charge the town in the rear. While putting the order into execution I received an order countermanding it. Seeing all the troops of Colonel Richardson retiring, I withdrew to Colonel Richardson, who ordered me to the rear.

In this action the Third Mississippi State Cavalry had 1 killed and 6 wounded. Major Kilgore, of that regiment, was severely wounded while nobly discharging his duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale and his officers did well and deserve mention. Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis' hoarseness after his arrival at the Yankee camp prevented him from being as active as could be desired. I have received no report from this officer. I do not believe his regiment lost any men in this engagement. Should his report arrive I will forward it. The battery under Lieutenant Holt was taken charge of by the commanding general. I know that gallant officer can give a good account of his operations.

To the staff officers of both these regiments I am indebted for assistance.

We captured a quantity of small-arms, 5 stand of colors, and carried out a large amount of property; destroyed a camp, the value of which can be imagined, but not estimated.

The number of men engaged under my command would not exceed 300. We fought the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, a detachment of the Thirteenth Regulars, and Sixty-sixth Indiana troops.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers McGUIRK,

Colonel Third Miss. State Cav., Comdg. Miss. Brigade.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD MISSISSIPPI STATE CAVALRY, Wyatt, Miss., October 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on October 12, in obedience to orders, I reported my command (Third Mississippi Cavalry, First Mississippi Partisans, and Buckner Battery, under Lieutenant Holt) to Colonel R. V. Richardson, at Ingram's house, north of Pigeon Roost Creek, and was ordered to move and encamp my command at Milam's Mills. Shortly after my command went into camp, a heavy fire was opened on my left and in the direction of Byhalia. I moved

