
my command forward in that direction, and received orders to join Colonel Richardson. When I arrived at Still's house, I found that Colonel Richardson was retiring and had moved past my then position. I sent a staff officer to confer with him, and remained until the enemy came up, when I retired to Terrell's Bridge, and there awaited further orders.

At 9 p. m. I received orders to join Colonel Richardson at Ingram's Mills, and immediately moved in that direction. I arrived at 1 a. m., and started for Wyatt, via Chulahoma, at 3 a. m. Arriving at Chulahoma, I moved to W. H. Coxe's, east, and covered the left flank of the command. After crossing the Tallahatchie River, I dismounted my command and recrossed my men. I placed Colonel Hovis' regiment on the right of the road covering the approach to the town. The position was excellent, and I supposed it could be held, as the flanks were protected by bluffs on its right and the river in the rear. I went to place the balance of my command in position. I placed the Buckner Battery (two pieces only being fit for service) in the center, and Third Mississippi Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale, on the left of the road. Colonel Inge's regiment, skirmishing with the enemy's advance, fell back and rested on my center, thus increasing the space between the Third Regiment and First, of my command. Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale deployed his line, covering the entire front and left of the line, his right resting about 250 yards from the road, and his left extending to the woods on the left.

While gaining this position, the enemy succeeded in occupying a log-house, which was a commanding position. This regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale, gallantly charged the enemy here, driving them from the house and hill, and caused them to retire their artillery several hundred yards. The enemy succeeded in planting his artillery and opened a furious fire upon this regiment of shell, grape, and canister, and undertook to charge this position, but Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale checked the charge so handsomely that it was not again repeated. Captain Hodgman, of the Seventh Kansas Jayhawkers, was wounded and captured by Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale. At this point, on account of the damaged condition of the Buckner Battery, it was withdrawn, after doing good service and withstanding a terrific fire from the enemy.

The First Mississippi Partisans acted nobly, and endured a galling fire, punishing the enemy severely. They held their position as long as practicable, and only left it when force away by increased numbers of the enemy.

About dark I withdrew Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale from his position, and ordered him to have his right rest on the left of Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis' regiment. This he did promptly, but Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis' regiment having been moved by order of the colonel commanding, Colonel Barksdale's regiment was ordered to the left of Colonel Inge, who held the position I left Colonel Hovis in when I went to order Colonel Barksdale to the right. Shortly after the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale, Colonel Inge's regiment, mistaking an order, fell back, when Colonel Richardson ordered me to have the Third Mississippi brought up. It came with a charge and a yell, and continued so to advance until the darkness closed the strife, leaving our forces masters of the field.

The near guard was composed of volunteers from the Third Mississippi Cavalry, and was driven across the river about 9 o'clock

