
without loss. Thus ended the part by my command at Wyatt, Miss.

Lieutenant-Colonel Barksdale remained with his command, and set it an example which was gallantly followed by its officers and men.

Captain Logan, acting major, attracted my attention, and deserves mention for his gallantry and coolness.

Adjutant Walker and Sergeant-Major Richmond also attracted my attention. They all did well and their whole duty.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis was zealous, and was ever encouraging his men, and he and they did nobly their duty, and those two regiments demonstrated what could be done by Mississippians fighting for their homes.

Lieutenant Holt, with his little battery, did well. If his guns were as large as his courage, he could do much more in defense of his country. For the promptness with which this command obeyed every order given, I thank them through you.

I have not received a report from Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis. His loss in this fight was heavy. When the report arrives I will forward it.

The list of casualties in the Third Mississippi Cavalry, accompanies this report.

To the assistant quartermaster (Captain H. E. Williamson), commissary (Lieutenant P. M. Morgan), and the surgeon (Dr. P. B. Dandridge) I am much indebted for the prompt manner in which they discharged their several duties as officers of my staff.

Total number casualties in Third Regiment, 41. List appended.*

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers McGUIRK,

Colonel Third Mississippi State Cav., Comdg. Brigade.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James A. Barksdale, Third Mississippi State Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR BURLINGHAM, October 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Third Mississippi State Cavalry in the battle of Collierville, Sunday, October 11:

When our column-composed of the Third Mississippi State Cavalry and First Partisans, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis, who was in the advance, and constituting the brigade commanded by Colonel John McGuirk-had reached the outskirts of the village, taking in the enemy's pickets as we dashed along, a short halt was ordered, when the First Partisans moved through an open field to a skirt of woods on the right and to the east of town. I was ordered to move forward on the Collierville and Holly Springs road to within about

---------------

*Nominal list shows 1 man killed and 22 wounded at Salem; 1 man killed and 7 wounded at Collierville; and 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 3 missing at Wyatt.

---------------

