
ENTERPRISE, MIS., December 1, 1863.

Major-General HINDMAN, Madison, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have been quite unwell since I arrived, which must be my apology to yourself and other correspondents whose communications have not been answered. I have received and read your reports of the affairs of McLemore's Cove and the battle of Chickamauga, and have read both with pleasure. The first I regard as entirely satisfactory, especially as showing your action was inspired throughout by instructions received from army headquarters, in compliance with which you were evidently seeking to conform your movements. I think it would be so regarded by any impartial court.

The second-your report of the part borne by your command in the Chickamauga fight-is very clear and presents a brilliant record. It was highly gratifying to me to know that not only were its old to its already ample crown. The result of that day's work cannot but be to you among your most pleasing memories, and strengthens your claim to be restored at an early day to your command.

I hope ere you shall have received this note you will have received that I addressed to Selma, where I heard you had gone. In that I informed you I had communicated the substance of your conversation with me at McFarland's to the gentlemen of my staff, as well as your expressed [wish] to make to them an appropriate apology. As no suitable opportunity presented itself, after my mentioning your wishes, for such a meeting as you proposed, the gentlemen accepted your message through me as satisfactory and adequate, and took the necessary steps to have the charges in General Bragg's hands withdrawn. They presume that this has been accomplished, and that the matter has been satisfactorily disposed of.

Hoping you may speedily find yourself at work and agreeably,

very shortly, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

[L. POLK,]

Lieutenant-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 239.

Report of Major General Benjamin F. Cheatham, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,Camp Preston Smith, before Chattanooga, October 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the action of my command at the battle of Chickamauga and in the subsequent affair, resulting in the occupation of Missionary Ridge. The division was composed of Jackson's brigade, Brigadier General John K. Jackson; Maney's brigade, Brigadier General George Maney; Smith's brigade, Brigadier General Preston Smith; Wright's brigade, Brigadier General M. J. Wright; Strahl's brigade, Brigadier General O. F. Strahl; Stanford's battery of four guns, Captain T. J. Stanford; Carnes' battery of four guns, Captain W. W. Carnes; Scogin's battery of four guns, Captain J. Scogin; Scott's battery of four guns, First Lieutenant John H. Marsh commanding, and Smith's battery of four guns, First Lieutenant William B. Turner commanding.

In obedience to orders from Lieutenant-General Polk, I crossed Chickamauga Creek at Hunt's Ford on September 19 at 7 a. m., and moved my command by the flank in a northern direction, formed my line of battle, and awaited orders. At 11 a. m. I received orders

