
The conduct of both men and officers in this engagement would have done credit to veteran troops. Never in my life-not even in the glorious old Army of Virginia-have I seen soldiers deport themselves with more gallantry in the face of the enemy, or evince a cooler or more sanguine determination to drive proudly and defiantly before them an impious foe.

The conduct of Major B. M. Kilgore, who fell pierced by a Minie ball through the arm while gallantry leading the charge on the left, needs no comment.

Captains Logan, Barksdale, Griffin, Gwartney, and Lieutenants Towns and Thornton, commanding companies, deserve favorable mention for the prompt and skillful manner in which they handled their men in the execution of orders.

Sergeant Grizelle, the color bearer, on this as on former fields, won a name for gallantry, and was pierced through the thigh by a ball while proudly carrying the colors in his right hand to the front and trailing a captured stand of the enemy's in his left on the ground. Our colors for a moment went down, but were no sooner discovered by Lieutenant White, of Company D, than they were proudly waving to the front again, reasserting the victory as ours.

Lieutenants Turner, of Company H, Thornton and Tyer, of Company K, rendered valuable service in collecting prisoners.

The conduct of Adjutant Walker, Sergeant-Major Richmond, and Orderly C. C. Harris, in justice to them it is said, on this as on former occasions, for promptness, efficiency, and gallantry I have never seen excelled.

In this engagement, three companies being detached, exclusive of horse-holders, I took into action about 175 men. Of the enemy's strength I can only give an approximate guess-say not less than 300. Of this number we captured and delivered 89. Our loss was 1 killed and 6 wounded. The enemy lost in killed 8. The number of wounded I was unable to ascertain.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. BARKSDALE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Third Regt. Mississippi State Cav.

Colonel J. McGUIRK,

Commanding Mississippi Brigade.

CAMP NEAR BURLINGHAM, October 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct of the Third Mississippi State Cavalry in the battle of Wyatt on Wednesday, October 13:

Our command reached and crossed the river about 2 p. m., the enemy following slowly in the rear. Colonel John McGuirk, commanding brigade, ordered me to move my command 1 mile south of the river, which was promptly done. Immediately thereafter I was ordered to dismount and return at a double-quick to Wyatt. The enemy's vanguard had already come up and brisk skirmishing was going on in the front. I was ordered in position to the left of the center, with the caution to guard well my left against the enemy's flankers, who were already making demonstrations in that direction.

For this purpose I had to extend my lines from right to left to the

