
distance of at least 300 yards, the left wing, because of irregularity of the ground and the position of the enemy, describing, from its right center to its extreme left, a semicircle. The Seventh Kansas was in my front-evidently the enemy we had to meet-and had already advanced to a position behind some log-houses in the open field, the remainder of their line, which extended through a spur of woods to the left and in front of my left wing, still lying under the crest of the hill just beyond.

Here they opened a heavy fire on my right. My men were in position and eager for the fray. The charge was given and executed in splendid order. They poured volley after volley into our advancing ranks and tried hard to maintain their position, but the steady charge of these outraged and gallant men they could no longer withstand, and in a moment more their position was ours. Their entire line broke in disorder, leaving in our hands 1 wounded-Captain Hodgman, of Seventh Kansas notoriety. They had two batteries bearing on our regiment-one on our right, throwing solid shot and shell, the other on the left, throwing grape and canister. This charge forced the right battery to limber up to a new position in the rear. It soon, however, got our range again at the houses and opened a terrible fire upon us, when I moved a few paces by the left flank, leaving the houses to my right, which were being severely pounded by their batteries. In the charge the left had advanced with the right wing, without, however, being as heavily engaged, and was now resting behind the crest of the hill within 200 yards of their left battery, which was then pouring a heavy storm of grape across our line, but without effect. I was moving slowly forward upon it when I received an order to withdraw the left to its original position. Being threatened, however, it limbered up and went off, giving us no more trouble.

About this time there was a lull, and a dark and heavy night was drawing near. I remained in position; only exchanged an occasional shot.

About dusk I was ordered to move by the right flank and unite my right with Colonel Hovis' left, but he having been withdrawn I found that the gallant Third was alone in the front and center without support. Colonel Richardson, commanding the forces, was there in person, and Colonel John McGuirk, commanding brigade. The enemy had reformed his broken ranks and was moving forward again upon us. We at once advanced at a charge to meet him, unable to distinguish anything save by the flash of their crashing lines of musketry and the booming of their cannon. We, unaided, twice repulsed them after dark and forced them to move their artillery for safety back to the rear.

About 8 o'clock, I suppose, I was ordered in person by Colonel Richardson to make a detail for three picket posts to cover the front, while the command was withdrawn to the south side of the river-all of which was done in good order.

Our loss in this engagement was 1 killed, 6 wounded, and 2 missing. Of the enemy's loss I know but little, but have reason to believe that it greatly exceeded ours.

I cannot close this report without commending to your highest consideration the gallantry, endurance, and determination of the men and officers of this regiment. Under the most discouraging circumstances of fatigue, exertion, and hunger of a ten days' march, fighting several battles with irregularity of rations and little or no rest,

