
they have evinced a spirit and devotion in our cause which is rarely, if ever, surpassed.

To Captain Logan, acting major, I am especially indebted for his gallantry and promptness.

Captain Barksdale, Lieutenant Hurt, commanding Company G, and Sergeant-Major Richmond deported themselves with conspicuous courage and gallantry. In fact, all the officers and men whose conduct came under my observation acted well.

To Lieutenant P. M. Morgan and W. F. Baker, acting assistant commissary, as well as our quartermaster (Captain H. E. Williamson) and his assistants, I am much indebted for the energetic manner in which they used themselves in getting up rations for the men and horses in a country where it was next to impossible to procure subsistence.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. BARKSDALE,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. Third Regt. Mississippi State Cav.

Colonel J. McGUIRK,

Commanding Mississippi Brigade.

Numbers 19.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel L. B. Hovis, First Mississippi Partisan Rangers.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MISSISSIPPI PARTISANS, Oliver's Bridge, October 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the actions in which my regiment was engaged since the 5th instant:

On the morning of October 8, I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to place strong pickets on all the roads leading north and east from Salem, and so dispose of the rest of my force as to hold the place as long as possible. After picketing the various roads, I dismounted the remainder (Companies I and H) and placed them on top of the hill at John H. Meachum's house. Before my men were placed in position, firing commenced at the picket post on the upper Ripley road. The picket, commanded by Captain Stansell, fell back in good order and joined me at the house. The enemy threw forward a heavy force across the field to drive me from my position, which I held for one hour and twenty minutes, when, finding the enemy was flanking me on the right and left, I mounted my men and fell back to Terry's field and dismounted again and threw out skirmishers into the woods, but was again compelled to fall back to avoid being flanked. I fell back to the hill at Mrs. Young's, and awaited the approach of the enemy, expecting to be pursued. Here I remained until evening, when I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to return to Salem and cross at the Old Ford, which I did, and turned to the left, after passing the tan-yard, and recrossed the creek and soon found myself immediately in front of the enemy's battery. Here I dismounted and sent my horses back from under the shells and formed line to the right and moved up the hill, throwing one company in front as skirmishers. I was pleased at the manner in which my men moved up, knowing

