
that the battery was in front. I had not been under fire but a few minutes when I received orders from the brigadier-general to fall back. I immediately fell back to the creek, where I met an orderly with orders to hold my position. I returned again to my original position but the enemy had commenced falling back. I joined in the pursuit until recalled.

Both men and officers of my command, with some few exceptions, are entitled to the highest praise.

At Collierville, on the 11th, I was ordered by Colonel McGuirk, commanding, to move with my regiment across the Mount Pleasant road through the fields, to cross the Memphis and Charleston Railroad 1 mile east of Collierville, to take position on a hill northeast of town. I proceeded, according to orders, over very rough ground until the head of the column crossed the railroad. I galloped to the front to the top of a knoll and discovered a mounted picket of about 20 men, who opened fire on me. I ordered a charge, when the enemy retired, closely pursued by the foremost squadron of my command.

My intention was to charge their camp and take them while in confusion, but when within 75 yards of camp the enemy opened a scattering fire. My men stopped to fire and ruined everything. I immediately ordered the regiment to dismount and charge on foot, which was done, I am proud to say, in gallant style. The enemy made a short resistance and fled, closely pursued by the men of both regiments, capturing a good many prisoners, but I am not able to say how many were captured by my regiment, as the prisoners captured by both regiments were sent off together. I was ordered by the colonel commanding to burn the camp and property that could not be got away (a large amount), which was executed.

On the 13th, I was ordered by Colonel Richardson, commanding, to dismount my command and recross the river and move through Wyatt to the support of Colonel Inge. I placed my regiment where ordered, but in a bad position, at the head of a hollow, where I remained until Colonel Inge had effected a retreat and the enemy pressed me very hard, and I was compelled to order my men to fall back across the hill, where they would not be so much exposed, and have a better view of the enemy. Before falling back my right was almost hand to hand with the enemy, and very much exposed to fire from our own men formed in my rear. Half my guns refused to fire, having become wet by the rain.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

L. B. LOVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20.

Report of Captain H. L. Duncan, First Mississippi Partisan Rangers.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MISSISSIPPI PARTISANS.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of October 11, 1863, when our brigade had advanced near Collierville, Tenn., I was ordered forward with my company as an advance

