
but failed to receive any. I then formed my regiment in line, but found the enemy had range on my line and I was compelled to change position.

At this juncture, I received an order from Lieutenant Banks to support a gun which he placed in position in front of my line. About this point I have since been informed by one of the general staff I was ordered to charge. I hope I may be allowed to say that to my knowledge no such order was ever given me. I have inquired of my staff present on that field and all deny receiving or hearing of any such order.

While awaiting orders I went forward to reconnoiter and found the ground very unfavorable to mounted operations. Seeing the whole command engaged, I resolved to dismount and go in on my own responsibility. When about to advance on foot, I received an order to move straight forward to meet an advance on our extreme right. I moved forward without coming in contact with the enemy until checked by an impassable marsh, when I received an order, "Mount and move to support of Colonel McGuirk, on the extreme left." Before going, far, I received another order to hasten to support of Lieutenant-Colonels McCulloch and Chalmers, on the center.

When I reached them, I found our whole line had receded, and from exhaustion and want of ammunition, had lost much of the ground previously occupied by them. Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch came up and reported his command ready for further action, when I ordered him to move forward on my right in order to screen my regiment from a flank fire while I attacked him [the enemy] in his main position.

After advancing about 200 yards, I ordered a charge, which resulted in the dislodgment of the enemy. Finding he had fled in considerable confusion, I ordered the charge continued, which was done for a distance of about 2 miles. Darkness closing in meantime, and finding it impossible to overtake the enemy, I had my command recalled, mounted, and was ordered into camp 2 miles south, at Hamer's farm.

The 9th was occupied in scouting and reconnoitering and changing position.

On the morning of the 10th, I moved into Holly Springs to obtain rations and ammunition, both of which the command was sadly in need. After recruiting my supplies, I was ordered to move out 10 miles west, on Pigeon Roost road, and encamp for the night.

On the morning of 11th, I moved out in Colonel McGuirk's rear at 4 o'clock, and about 9 a. m. reached Collierville, where I was ordered to move with my command (Seventh Tennessee and the Second Missouri, Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch) to the west of the town and take position on the railroad and give timely notice of the arrival of Federal re-enforcements from Germantown. After reaching that position, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch to occupy the railroad and send one company 2 miles in direction of Germantown, with instructions to look out for re-enforcements. At the same time, Captain John T. Lawler, commanding Seventh Tennessee, [was ordered] to dismount and place his command on southwest side of the main fort. About this time I received information that a train had appeared, supposed to contain troops. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch to make a reconnaissance and ascertain at once the truth in the case.

The reconnaissance was soon made, and I was informed that the

