
attack on my position during the evening, I was withdrawn under cover of darkness and ordered into camp near the ferry.

At 12 o'clock at night I was ordered to mount and fall in the rear of the Twelfth Tennessee and move in direction of Oxford. After proceeding 4 miles, I was ordered by General Chalmers to return with my command to the intrenchments near the ferry, where I remained until late in the p. m. of the 14th, when I was ordered into camp near College Hill, with instructions to proceed on the following day to my present camp.

I beg leave to mention in terms of highest praise the conduct of some of the men of the Seventh Tennessee. I regret that I cannot furnish the names of some of the most conspicuous, but it is sufficient to say that they bore themselves with all the gallantry of true veterans and brave soldiers.

Too much praise could not be given Captains Lawler and Duckworth, who fell severely wounded in the first charge while rallying and leading forward the regiment at the most critical portion of the engagement. Also First Lieutenant H. J. Livingston, Company D, upon whom command of the regiment fell, for the able manner in which he managed the regiment, and for the conspicuous gallantry with which he led it in the subsequent charge. Also First Lieutenant J. P. Statler, commanding Company E, and Second Lieutenant P. A. Fisher, Company I, for conspicuous bravery, being always foremost in the charge and first to reach the point of danger.

My thanks are due Lieutenant W. S. Pope, adjutant, and Captain W. A. Hall, acting commissary, of my staff, for valuable services rendered during the several engagements, and my highest praise for their distinguished gallantry on all occasions. Also Captain K. Garrett for the able manner in which he discharged his duties on all occasions.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. L. DUCKWORTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Seventh Tennessee Cavalry.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert A. McCulloch, Second Missouri Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND MISSOURI CAVALRY, McFarland's Bridge, October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command since October 4:

Agreeably to orders, we left camp at Goodman's Ferry on the morning of the 5th instant, and proceeded to Walker's Mills, 8 miles east of Holly Springs, where we bivouacked, awaiting orders.

On the evening of the 6th instant, we reported to the brigadier-general commanding on Hudsonville and Salem road.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 8th instant, in compliance with orders from general headquarters, our regiment formed a line of battle in support of the artillery, in such position as to command the

