
different roads leading from the north and northwest, where we remained, sending out scouting parties to the front and left until the enemy was reported approaching in force in the vicinity of Salem.

At 3 p. m. the command was dismounted half a mile west of town, and marched into the place under a heavy fire from the skirmishing parties of the enemy. My command moved forward, deploying as skirmishers, at the double-quick, and in ten minutes had driven the enemy's outposts and his advance line of skirmishers to their main body. Availing themselves of the shelter of trees and houses, we poured into the enemy a constant fire until the artillery, which had been placed in the main street of the town, became disabled and retired from the town.

The regiment fell back in good order to the distance of about 150 yards and formed anew; then, at the word of command, they rushed forward, passing through the town and to the left, driving the enemy from every position until he reached the hills. Gallantly supported by the battalion of Lieutenant-Colonel Chalmers and the Seventh Tennessee, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Duckworth, we moved upon the enemy's center and forced him to retire in confusion, the command following in his rear till the darkness of night rendered farther pursuit impracticable.

Killed: Privates Andrew P. Hoover, William Lainhart, Company C. Wounded: Privates David B. Bell, severely, Aleck Jourdan, severely, Company C; Skelton Smith, slightly, Company E; Charles Comer, slightly, Company G; Richard Armstrong, slightly, Henry [C.] Clouse, slightly, Company B.

On the morning of the 9th instant, the enemy was reported on the La Grange road. My regiment was moved to the front to support the Seventh Tennessee. The enemy retiring, no action took place.

On the 10th, Major Couzens, with Companies G and E, commanded, respectively, by Captains Harper and Smith, marched to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and destroyed the telegraph line and a part of the railroad between Collierville and La Fayette Station.

On the morning of the 11th, the regiment moved with the rest of the cavalry to Collierville. My command was ordered to form upon the left, fronting the railroad, sending out pickets and scouting parties upon the left flank.

At 11 a. m. an order was received from Lieutenant-Colonel Duckworth, commanding detachment of which my regiment was part, to move forward and attack the right wing of the enemy. On account of the many and different details made from the regiment it had, when dismounted and formed in line, but 65 effective men; yet, according to orders, they moved forward at the double-quick to the position assigned them, and engaged the Thirteenth Regulars, U. S. Infantry, 580 strong, drawn up in three parallel lines of skirmishers. Pressing forward, they drove the enemy from the timber to a nursery on an elevated position, where the action was severely contested, the enemy being supported by the Sixty-sixth Indiana Volunteers. The order to charge was given, and with a yell they rushed forward under a heavy fire from the enemy and a raking fire from the fortifications, drove them from their position across the railroad to the depot, assisting in the capture of the train of cars, and then fell back in good order, bringing off our dead and wounded, notwithstanding the ambulances belonging to the regiment had been pressed by other officers for the use of their own commands.

