
We captured a number of small-arms, which we were compelled to leave on account of the want of transportation; also a number of prisoners, which were brought off in safety.

On the evening of the 12th, near Ingram's Mill, the enemy being reported advancing in force, Companies C and G, commanded, respectively, by Captains Savery and Harper, were detailed as outpost pickets and rear guards, and the command fell back to Wyatt Ferry, the rear guard skirmishing with the enemy and contesting every available position until the evening of the 13th instant, when they were relieved by Companies B and H, commanded by Captain Thompson and Lieutenant Lychliter.

At 3.30 o'clock on the evening of the 13th instant, the engagement at Wyatt Ferry commenced, my command being formed on the left of our center. The Second Missouri, in concert with other regiments, assisted in driving the enemy from his position and holding him in check until ordered to retire to our camp.

On the morning of the 14th instant, my command was dismounted and placed in the trenches until ordered to fall back to Abbeville, the enemy having retired.

Killed and wounded at Collierville: Killed, John Abbot, Company B; Thomas [C.] Jean, Company D; [P.] Gordon Cravey, Company F. Wounded: Tandy Ball, severely, Company C; Nichols, severely, Company B; William Palmer, severely, Company G.

A. L. Hammond, Company E, was captured by the enemy at Wyatt Ferry.

Lieutenant Jennings, with a detachment of 20 men, followed in the rear of the enemy, attacking his pickets and annoying him in every practicable manner. In his skirmishes with the enemy, Privates Samuel [B.] Fine, Company A, was wounded in the foot; James Morgan, Company C, in the leg.

Respectfully submitted.

R. A. McCULLOCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Missouri Cavalry.

Captain GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23.

Report of Lieutenant David A. Richards, McLendon's (Mississippi) battery.
HEADQUARTERS McLENDON'S BATTERY, Water Valley, October 16, 1863.

SIR: Wednesday, October 5, left Moss' Mill; arrived at Holly Springs and went into camp.

On the morning of the 6th, engaged the enemy at Coldwater; thence to Salem and engaged the enemy. After firing 7 rounds broke the trail of the gun and retired to the rear without any other casualties.

On the 10th, proceeded to Collierville, and there engaged the enemy for some time and drew off without any loss and proceeded to Wyatt. Being without ammunition, retired to rear. No casualties. Captured nothing.

D. A. RICHARDS,Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

[Captain GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

