
Numbers 24.

Reports of Colonel R. V. Richardson, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS, Holly Springs, Miss., October 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report operations of my brigade from date of assignment to your command to the 9th instant, when I joined you at Salem:

Having gone to Rocky Ford on the 4th instant, by previous agreement to meet you on the morning of the 5th instant, I received a dispatch from Colonel Neely, left in command of the post at New Albany, stating that the enemy were within 8 miles of New Albany, advancing on that place. I immediately started back, and reached the brigade in battle formation at Campbellton, 2 1/2 miles from New Albany, on the road to Pontotoc, at 1 p. m. Colonel Neely had retired from New Albany to this place to secure the intersection of the Ellistown and Pontotoc road, his scouts having reported that the enemy was advancing in two columns of 800 strong each upon the Ellistown and the Lee's Mill road. He reported his dispositions to me with his information. Very soon Colonel Inge with his regiment (the Twelfth Mississippi) engaged the enemy in the suburbs of New Albany, but retired to a wooded creek bottom, where he held his position gallantly. Colonel Green, of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, supported him on the left; Colonel Stewart with a part of his regiment was formed on the right, and two pieces of the Buckner Battery supported Colonel Inge in the center. The other section was posted on his right to command a hill to repel a flank movement threatened in that direction. The Reneau Battery, supported by two of Colonel Green's companies with Colonel Negley's regiment, were held in reserve at Campbellton. The enemy shelled Colonel Inge without being able to move him until 4 o'clock, when I ordered Captain Palmer to move one piece of the Reneau Battery to the front and to open upon the enemy. He did so in gallant style. He soon silenced the enemy's guns. Now Colonels Inge and Green advanced on foot on New Albany and drove the enemy from it. The whole line advanced. Captain Palmer carried his two guns-the Reneau Battery-rapidly forward, took possession of a commanding hill, and shelled the retreating columns of the enemy. Colonels Inge and Green on foot pursued the enemy through New Albany and across the Tallahatchee. I ordered their horses up to them, and sent Colonels Stewart and Neely in the pursuit of the fleeing forces of the enemy, who was retreating rapidly on the Ripley road. They, with Captain Palmer, pursued him 4 miles, until it grew too dark to continue the chase.

The casualties of the enemy were admitted to be 8 killed and 27 wounded. Our loss was 1 man in Colonel Inge's regiment slightly wounded.

On the morning of the 7th instant, I left New Albany for this place. I reached here the morning of the 8th and learned that you were near Salem, and immediately proceeded in that direction. On they way I met your assistant adjutant-general, Captain Goodman, with your order to join you at Scales' Depot. I reached the depot about 3 p. m., and at the request of Colonel Inge sent him with a

