
squad of 20 men to scout to Lamar. He met the Sixth Illinois Regiment, fired upon them two volleys, and returned to my camp at Strickland's place.
At 12 o'clock that night, I received your order to join you that night at Salem. I started from camp at that time for that purpose, and joined you by day on the morning of the 9th instant.

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Mississippi.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding North Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS, Wyatt, October 13, 1863.

GENERAL: Your note is received. We fought the enemy this evening here and here and have reduced our ammunition to a bare sufficiency to cover a retreat. There is no ammunition of any consequence at Oxford. I have just held a council of officers, and it has advised that we fall back toward Okolona, where we have ammunition and infantry, besides cavalry. If you were present I think you would concur. I will therefore start to-night for Oxford.

R. V. RICHARDSON,Colonel, Commanding Northeast Mississippi.

General CHALMERS,

Abbeville, Miss.

HEADQUARTERS, Water Valley, Miss., October 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the military operations of my brigade, and the division when under my command, from the 9th to the 13th instant, inclusive:

Encamped at the Guy farm on the night of the 9th instant. At 3 a. m. I received a note from Colonel McGuirk saying he had been ordered to report to me. A few moments after I received an order from you directing me to move on Collierville at 4 a. m. as rapidly as possible, and capture it with a dash, if practicable; otherwise as circumstances would justify. I immediately summoned Colonels McGuirk, Neely, Green, Inge, and Stewart, and told them the work in hand, with a view to prepare each for the part designed for him to perform. Each suggested instances where failure had been made in attempting to take fortified places by cavalry dashes. Believing that no commander could reasonably calculate on the success of a movement against which his subordinates were opposed, I determined to adopt a different mode of attack.

Accordingly, having before me a topographical sketch of Collierville, its environs and approaches, I ordered that Colonel McGuirk should move to the right and east of Collierville, attacking a cavalry camp in the rear and north, and, disposing of that, to dismount and attack the works on the east, north, and rear. I also determined to send Colonel Neely, with his regiment and those of Colonels Green and Stewart, to the left and west, to unite with Colonel McGuirk in rear, dismount, and attack the works on the west and rear or north.

