
short parley with Captain Goodman, declined. I immediately ordered Captain B. Palmer, acting chief of artillery, to open all his guns, which he did.

Colonels Green and Stewart, under your orders, I believe, dismounted and attacked the enemy, now outside of his works but under cover of the railroad cuts and embankments, and after three hours' hard fighting, drove him from his position into the fort. The depot was loop-holed and used as a citadel. A fort covering an area of nearly 15 acres, as I learned, was immediately north of the depot, and stockades were in the fort. It was a strong work, having an embankment 7 or 8 feet high, the whole surrounded by a ditch. While Colonels Inge, Green, and Stewart were steadily advancing on the works of the east side (having driven the enemy into the fort), Colonel Neely had engaged the enemy lodged in a strong position under cove of the railroad cuts and embankments west of the depot and fort. Afterward, re-enforced and supported by Colonels Duckworth and McCulloch, he had driven the enemy from his position into the depot and fort, and they were steadily advancing upon these last strongholds on the west side thereof.

The battle commenced at about 10 a. m. on the 11th instant, and about 12 o'clock Captain Goodman notified me that you, general, had been struck by a spent ball, and although not seriously hurt, yet temporarily disabled, desiring me to assume command. I did so as far as I could over a field so extended, but the work was progressing bravely and there was but little for a commander to do but to witness the gallant bearing of both officers and men, and listen to the reports of our flanking scouts of re-enforcements for the enemy, advancing both from points east and west of Collierville. I now rode over to your position to consult with you, and was glad to find you in your saddle giving directions as formerly.

It had now approached the hour of 3 p. m., and our gallant men were gradually approaching the stronghold on the east and west. We both regretted that Colonel McGuirk had not attacked the rear, as had been expected, and upon consultation we concluded that it would be impossible to take the fort before we should be attacked in rear by the advancing forces of the enemy, then rear at hand, designed to relieve the beleaguered place. You directed me to return to the right flank and withdraw at discretion the regiments and guns operating on the east of the works. I did so slowly and in good order, bringing off all our wounded and the undestroyed captured property.

The losses of my brigade are (exclusive of those in Colonel McGuirk's brigade attached for that battle to my command) none killed, 2 mortally and 14 severely and slightly wounded. No loss in prisoners.

My command, including McGuirk's and my brigades, captured about 100 prisoners, and all the property brought off the field of any value. In this battle, when it is remembered that cavalry fought United States regular infantry in fortifications, and killed about 60, wounded about 150, and captured about 110 prisoners in a battle of five hours' duration, steadily progressing, too much praise cannot be given to the men and officers, and it would be unjust to discriminate where all acted heroically. It gives me pleasure to commend all, and to say if heretofore criticism has been uncharitable to the cavalry in North Mississippi, it should now be changed. For greater particu-

