
lin, in charge of one of the Reneau guns, to advance his piece 100 yards and fire rapidly several canisters into the enemy's position and retire. I then ordered Colonel Stewart to retire his regiment, mount his horses, and form line across the road to protect the other regiments retiring. Also the other Reneau gun, under Captain Palmer, to move in the advance on the road to Ingram's Mill and take a position commanding the road.

After the regiments were withdrawn, mounted, and formed in column of route, I called in the skirmishers, who mounted their horses and joined their regiments, and the whole command whole off slowly in good order, Colonel Stewart protecting the rear. The enemy slowly pursued us, skirmishing with Colonel Stewart, who effectually kept him in check by alternating in position three squads of 10 men each at eligible points to fire upon their advance.

Our loss was 1 man severely, another slightly wounded, and 1 of my horses killed and another wounded.

We retreated on the road to Ingram's Mill and met Colonel Duckworth at a distance of 3 miles from the battle-field coming to our aid. With 900 men of my own brigade alone I fought 1,500 of the enemy for three hours.

I do not know what damage we did to the enemy. One of his captains, captured at Wyatt, admitted a loss of 1 lieutenant killed and 5 or 6 wounded.

We encamped on the night of the 12th instant at Ingram's Mill. Colonel McGuirk reported to me that night. I ordered a forward movement at 4 o'clock next morning, and Colonel Duckworth to hold the bridge at the mill until 9 o'clock next day. The colonel failed to get the position in time, and when he went to take it found it in the possession of the enemy. He, however, covered our retreat during the 13th from Ingram's Mill to Wyatt, frequently skirmishing with the enemy.

About 2 miles north of Chulahoma, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch to take position behind a ridge parallel with the road, concealed by the ridge, and to fire upon the column of the enemy as he pursued Colonel Duckworth. Colonel McCulloch took the position and held it until Colonel Duckworth came up, when, learning that a heavy column of the enemy was moving to our left on another road, and fearing he would be cut off, retired from his position without executing in full the orders given him.

We reached Wyatt at about 3 p. m. on the 13th instant and crossed over all trains and regiments except Colonel Inge's regiment and one of the Reneau guns, placed in position to hold the enemy in check while the remainder were crossing. I determined to make a bold and resolute stand at Wyatt, believing that such a one would save the country south of the Tallahatchie from the pollutions of the enemy's tread. I dismounted the division and carried it back across the river, formed line of battle on the first and second ridges north of the river on which Wyatt stands. I had not completed my dispositions on the field before the enemy had opened upon and driven Colonel Inge and the Reneau gun from their positions. The respective regiments promptly executed my orders and took their places in the line, so formed as to make the arc of a circle whose radius and center would be the ford and the bridge, effectually protecting them from the approaches of the enemy in any direction.

Colonel Green occupied a position on the right of the center of the line, thrown forward from the line and under the brow of a hill,

50 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

