
I am now ordered to guard and protect Ruggles' old district from Rocky Ford to Tupelo. My forces to do this are my West Tennessee brigade, now numbering 500, three companies under Major Davenport, and two companies under Major Street. Colonel Lowry, Major Ham, and Major Harris have been assigned me, but they are State troops and refuse to obey my orders, but promise co-operation. They are under the command of General Gholson, and are now on the front line of my district.

There are now several new battalions and regiments forming in my district. Lieutenant-Colonel Duff has a battalion nearly ready for the field. They need about 500 guns, and saddles, accouterments, and equipments. Colonel Harrison is forming a regiment at Columbus, and a Major Harris is forming a battalion. Colonel Greer has a regiment now encamped near Egypt of West Tennesseeans, brought out since I came out. It was originally designed for my command, but as he has not yet reported to me, I presume he does not design to do so unless ordered by you. He talks of returning to Tennessee. To permit him to do so while I and my men are detained here will create great dissatisfaction, and will be unjust to me, my men, and officers.

If I am to protect this district and the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, you must give me more men, arms, equipments, and ammunition. I ask you to order each and all of these new battalions and regiments to report to me, and also order General Gholson or his troops to report to me. From these sources a force of 2,000 men can be raised, which, if properly armed and equipped, may do good service to the country.

I have not a single vessel to cook one morsel of bread. My cooking has to be done as we can beg the citizens to do it. This practice is exceedingly deleterious. It leads to straggling and demoralization. For God and the country's sake, make your fair-promising but never-complying quartermaster send me skillets, ovens, pots, or anything that will bake bread of fry meat. I want clothing, shoes, and blankets for my naked, freezing men. Can you help me? Will you do it? Generals Lee and Johnston promised all these things, but nothing has been done. I say, again, send me skillets, 225 in number. I cannot fight any more until I get something to cook in.

Very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Northeast Mississippi.

Colonel B. S. EWELL.

Numbers 25.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James U. Green, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT CAVALRY, Water Valley, Miss., October 17, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the position and action of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment at the beginning and during the battle of Collierville, Tenn., October 11, Companies A, C, E, F, and K, numbering about 116 men, under command of Major Burrow, being absent on detached service:

The Twelfth Regiment was second in the order of march; kept that position during the charge through to the picket post. When

