
great effect and displayed a degree of efficiency in the service of his guns highly commendable to himself, his officers, and men, and accomplished a result the importance of which it is difficult to estimate. Three pieces of Scogin's battery was at the same time engaged and rendered excellent service.

Jackson's brigade during this engagement took from the enemy three pieces of his artillery and sent them to the rear. Scogin's battery, of this brigade, in retiring under orders, had the horses of one piece and one caisson disabled, and left them in the hands of the enemy. The piece and caisson were, however, subsequently recaptured.

Wright's brigade, occupying the extreme left of my line, after a sharp conflict of two hours' duration, was found to be exposed to a severe fire on the left flank and forced to retire. Carnes' battery, doing duty with this brigade, after losing one-half of its men and horses, was abandoned on the field, but the enemy was unable to remove the guns, and they were recaptured uninjured in the advance of the next day.

At 6 p. m. the division of Major-General Cleburne arrived on the field, and with my command was ordered by Lieutenant-General Polk to attack the enemy at once. My entire command advanced under a heavy fire of musketry for about 600 yards, the enemy yielding and giving way to our approach. At this point orders were given to make no farther advance, and the firing abruptly ceased, when my lines were reformed and the division bivouacked in line of battle.

In this night attack Jackson's and Smith's brigades only, of my command, encountered the enemy. Three hundred of the enemy were captured by Smith's brigade and sent to the rear, and the colors of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment were captured by Colonel (now brigadier-general) A. J. Vaughan, jr. It was in this night attack that Brigadier General Preston Smith, of Tennessee, received his mortal wound, from which he died in fifty minutes. At the head of his noble brigade, of which he had been the commander as colonel and brigadier-general for two years and a half, he fell in the performance of what he himself with his expiring breath simply said was his duty. Active, energetic, and brave, with a rare fitness to command, full of honorable ambition in perfect harmony with the most elevated patriotism, the whole country will mourn his fall and do honor to his memory. Two of his staff-Captain J. S. Donelson, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Thomas H. King, acting aide-de-camp, both officers of excellent merit-were killed within a few minutes of General Smith.

During the night of September 19, I was notified by Lieutenant-General Polk that the attack would be renewed at daylight. My command was already formed and in expectation of orders to advance at the appointed hour, but for reasons then unknown to me no advance was made until 9 a. m. When in the act of advancing my lines, I discovered that my front was partially covered by Major-General Stewart's division, and communicating this fact in person to the general commanding the army, was by him directed not to advance, but to hold my command as a reserve. No part of my command except Jackson's brigade was engaged in the active operations of September 20 until the hour of 6 p. m.

About 11 a. m. of September 20, Brigadier-General Jackson received orders from the general commanding the army to go to the

