
within sight of the depot, we formed a line of battle on the right of the road leading from Collierville to Carter's Bridge. We remained in that position until the flag of truce, which was sent in demanding the surrender of the fort, returned. We were then ordered to take possession of a vacant house between the Collierville and Carter Bridge road and the railroad, being about 300 yards from the nearest point of the fortification. We held the building until re-enforced by Colonel Inge, Twelfth Mississippi Cavalry Regiment. We were then ordered forward and formed, fronting the enemy on the railroad a continuous fire being kept up. We drove the enemy from the railroad to their fortifications. There it was we inflicted the severest injury upon the enemy. We were engaged about five hours, and never did officers and men acquit themselves with more credit.

Our loss in action was trifling-only 1 man (Private Yancy, Company B) slightly wounded. We had no men captured.

We captured 30 of the enemy, 2 horses, 2 Enfield rifles, 1 Springfield rifle, 3 cartridge and cap boxes, containing about 100 rounds of cartridges.

Our sharpshooters took possession of headquarters of the commander of the post and held the same until ordered from the battle-ground.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. U. GREEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Tennessee Cav. Regt.

Colonel R. V. RICHARDSON.
HDQRS. TWELFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT CAVALRY, Water Valley, Miss., October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to hand you Major R. Burrow's report of his operations on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad on October 11:

He arrived at the railroad about daylight on the morning of October 11, with a detachment of men from the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment, numbering about 100 men. Found the road strongly guarded by about 50 cavalry about half way between Germantown and White's Station. He also found one company of infantry at White's Station. He drove the patrol away, burned one trestle, tore up the railroad, and destroyed some 500 yards of telegraph wire; captured 1 Yankee, 1 horse and gun, 1 negro in Yankee uniform at the picket post. He lost nothing. Officers and men acted bravely, and acquitted themselves with honor.

Very respectfully,J. U. GREEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Tennessee Cav. Regt.

Captain A. W. LOWING.

HDQRS. TWELFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT CAVALRY, Water Valley, October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the position and action of the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment during the engagement at Byhalia Creek, October 12:

Upon the approach of the enemy we dismounted and prepared for

