
action on foot, leaving the horses of the regiment under the hill somewhat protected from the fire of the enemy. The sharpshooters of the regiment were posted in three vacant houses, but soon gave up the one nearest the enemy. The regiment was posted on the right behind a fence, which position we held until ordered to fall back. The sharpshooters when falling back had 1 man severely wounded.

The casualties of my regiment in this engagement were slight. Private William Jones, Company B, was severely wounded in the back.

Losses: Killed, none; wounded, Private William Jones, in the back or side; missing, none.

We captured none of the enemy or property of his. Lost two Enfield rifles, one of which was lost by William Jones when wounded.

Officers and men of my command behaved gallantly.

Very respectfully,

J. U. GREEN,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. Twelfth Tennessee Cav. Regt.

Colonel RICHARDSON.
HDQRS. TWELFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT CAVALRY, Water Valley, October 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report in detail the part enacted by the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment at the battle at Wyatt, October 13:

After being pursued the entire route by the enemy from Ingram's Mill to Wyatt, we crossed the Tallahatchie River, dismounted, recrossed on foot, and proceeded to what was once the town of Wyatt. We endeavored to get a position which would be tenable and at the same time protect the men from the fire of the enemy. The attack was brought on by the enemy, who was pressing the rear guard of the brigade. We had taken position but a short time when a heavy rain commenced falling, and the rapid shelling of the enemy came very near producing a panic among the men, but by the gallant conduct of the officers they soon moved forward, took position, and assumed a stout front. The firing was heavy on both sides, the enemy making several attempts to charge our lines, but was unsuccessful. There was but little change made during the engagement as to our position.

The officers and men behaved bravely.

Our casualties are as follows: Killed, 2; wounded slightly, 4; wounded severely,-; mortally,-.

We captured 1 Federal officer, four Enfield rifles, one shot-gun, and one navy repeater.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,J. U. GREEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Tennessee Cav. Regt.

Captain LOVING.

