
The enemy in the meantime had with re-enforcements taken possession again of the train and depot buildings. The artillery being scarce of ammunition, fired but slowly and inefficiently. I held this position, however, until the whole line was ordered to retreat, and then withdrew slowly and in perfect order.

In this action, I regret to say, we lost First Sergeant Woodall, a brave man and gallant soldier, mortally wounded, and Private William Blair, Company C, severely wounded in the arm.

The enemy pursuing in large force, reached the vicinity of Byhalia on the 12th. We marched from Myers' Mill to Ingram's house, and took up a position to the left of the road upon which the battery had position, and in the center of the position of the brigade. A squadron under command of Lieutenant-Colonel White was detached and sent to the extreme left to hold that position, which he did firmly and gallantly. I advanced my skirmishers through the woods and engaged the enemy's skirmishers, then advanced my line about 100 yards, and held the position firmly until ordered to retreat.

At Wyatt, on the following day, my regiment was posted on the side of the hill along the corn-field to the left of the pontoon bridge, and ordered to prevent the enemy's advance in that direction. We held the position during the engagement, but, the enemy not appearing in our front, were not engaged.

I regret to mention that First Lieutenant Callahan, doing picket duty at Byhalia, was cut off and probably captured. I regret even the temporary loss of so gallant an officer from his command.

On the morning after the Wyatt fight, while on the retreat at daylight, we were met by Brigadier-General Chalmers and ordered to countermarch and return to the river. The regiment remained in this position all day guarding a ford 3 miles above. Lieutenant-Colonel White, with Captain Cox's company (A), was sent to the bridge to watch the enemy's movements.

I should say that our ammunition was well nigh exhausted at the Byhalia fight.

To Lieutenant-Colonel White I am much indebted for valuable assistance and a hearty co-operation throughout the entire expedition. To Adjutant Hammond I am also much indebted for assistance and a cheerful attention to his duties under all circumstances, and also to my non-commissioned staff. To all the officers and men I am under lasting obligations for a cheerful obedience to orders, and cannot speak too highly of their bravery and fortitude.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. J. NEELY,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry.

Captain A. W. LOVING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, West Tennessee Brigade.

Numbers 27.

Report of Colonel James Z. George, Fifth Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR WATER VALLEY, October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On Tuesday evening (the 13th instant), about 3 o'clock, I was ordered by Colonel Richardson to march my command to the town of Wyatt to meet the enemy, who were then nearly arrived at

