
that place. In a few moments I was on the ground with 60 men, they being all for whom I had ammunition except those absent on detached service. My command was at first, by order of Colonel Richardson, placed in line on the east side of the main street of the town with the view of preventing a flank movement of the enemy under the edge of the hill and in the bottom.

After a short reconnaissance of the ground, I discovered that it was impossible from the nature of the ground for the enemy to flank us in that direction. I moved my command west of the [main] street, and placed them in position in front of the enemy. The distance between the two forces was so great that very little execution was done by the firing of either party. Soon after this I was ordered by Colonel Richardson to move my command to a ford which was about three-fourths of a mile above the main crossing of the Tallahatchie River. This I did, and drove away the enemy's pickets stationed at the ford, and in pursuance of my orders I held the ford until the fighting was over and our forces had been withdrawn from the field.

During the night it was determined to fall farther back, owing to the scarcity of ammunition and the wearied condition of the men and horses. The command falling back, had proceeded about 4 miles when General Chalmers ordered us to return and prevent the advance of the enemy. I accordingly returned with such of my men as had ammunition, and remained in position in the breastworks near Wyatt until next evening about 4 o'clock, when it was discovered that the enemy had fallen back. The affair at Wyatt was a small one, our action being defensive, the enemy not pressing much.

Respectfully submitted.

J. Z. GEORGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28.

Report of Lieutenant H. C. Holt, Buckner (Mississippi) Battery.

HEADQUARTERS BUCKNER BATTERY, Water Valley, Miss., October 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters West Tennessee Brigade, I have the honor to submit for the consideration of the colonel commanding the following report of the part taken by the Buckner Battery in the engagements at Collierville and Wyatt:

On the morning of the 11th instant, by direction of General Chalmers, I placed my battery in position on the hill fronting the station-house at Collierville, opening fire upon it with two pieces, at the same time directing the fire of the other two at a body of the enemy to the right and near the locomotive and train of cars. After firing a number of rounds, the regiments in front of me were moved up, when I immediately advanced my pieces by hand about 150 yards and again opened fire, which was directed at the enemy where most conspicuous, with the exception that two pieces continued to play upon the depot house. At this time the enemy were sufficiently close to use canister, which was fired effectively, as they were seen to move rapidly from their position after the third round.

While in this position, I was directed by Colonel Richardson to

