
take one section to the hill on the left and to the rear, leaving Lieutenant Armstrong in charge of the other section. After firing 4 rounds from this hill, I was again directed to move my section into the skirt of woods on the left and near the railroad and report to Colonel Neely.

Considerable trouble was here experienced in selecting a position from which to fire, as the enemy in force were secreted behind a house and in a thick cluster of cedar trees, from which position they were firing rapidly. The open woods being the only place from which the enemy were distinctly visible, the field directly on my right being thickly covered with high weeds, I placed my pieces in battery within easy range and commenced firing upon the house. At the same time the regiment of Colonel Neely began to advance. But a few rounds were fired before the enemy left the house and cedar thicket, falling in behind the train of cars. I then began to fire advancing, when a regiment on my left charged the train, completely routing the enemy from it and driving him into the stockade. I then advanced to within 200 yards of the stockade and commenced firing upon it. I remained in this position until the regiment on my left gave way from the train, when I moved my section a short distance to the rear. However, advanced again when the regiment did, although I had but about 8 rounds for each piece.

A short time after this I was ordered to move into the Byhalia road.

A short time after I had taken my first position, Private J. L. McClain, detailed from Colonel Inge's regiment, received a slight wound, which rendered him unserviceable for the remainder of the day.

I devolves upon me (besides, it affords me a pleasure) to speak in behalf of Lieutenant Armstrong for the assistance rendered me while with him; also for the coolness and judgment, as I have learned, he displayed in maneuvering his section afterward.

Private McDougald, as well as Corporals Williams, White, and Hoffmeister, deserves credit for the able manner in which they used their guns.

At Wyatt, on the 13th instant, after reporting to Colonel Inge, as directed, I placed my pieces in battery on the hill near the houses on the right, and but a short distance from where Lieutenant Adams had placed his 6-pounder. After firing 11 rounds from the two pieces, I moved them back into the road, as my men were entirely exposed and I had no advantage of position. Shortly after the enemy opened with his howitzers I moved my pieces back on the hill near the river until I could receive instructions from the colonel commanding. I was then directed by him to move them across the river with the piece of Lieutenant Adams. I remained with them near the crossing until ordered to move them to the rear.

It gratifies me to state that of the few men with me every one discharged his duty promptly and efficiently in the two engagements. It is left with the colonel commanding to determine whether I discharged mine; if not, I am in hopes that another opportunity will be presented at an early period.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HOLT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain A. W. LOVING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

