
OCTOBER 10, 1863.-Skirmish at Ingraham's Plantation, near Port Gibson, Miss.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Major Harry E. Eastman, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, October 12, 1863-10 a. m.

GENERAL: I am all ready to start on the expedition to Canton, and only waiting the arrival of the brigade from Natchez. Rumors come in through contrabands and other sources that the enemy is concentrating a very respectable force for the purpose of making an attack on this place. I do not place much faith in the reports as yet, but will probably find out something definite in a few days. I have directed Brigadier-General Hawkins to send two regiments from his command to this place as soon as boats can be furnished.

The cavalry expedition across the Big Black, at Hankinson's Ferry, had quite a spirited skirmish with about 200 of Wirt Adams' cavalry, chased them about 10 miles, breaking and scattering them in every direction. Our forces consisted of Major Osband's battalion, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, and two battalions of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, the whole under the command of Major Eastman. I have not yet received Major Eastman's report, but he states they counted 15 dead rebels in the road, and know that a good many were wounded, and they brought in 4 prisoners. Our loss was 1 killed and 2 wounded. They came up with the rebels at Mr. Ingraham's place, near Willow Springs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.

Numbers 2.

Report of Major Harry E. Eastman, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND WISCONSIN CAVALRY, Red Bone Church, [Miss.,] October 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I had a lively chase on yesterday, and a lively and a lovely fight.

On Friday evening, at sunset, I received a dispatch from Captain Sherman, of my regiment, whom I had sent with 50 men to the assistance of Captain Wallace, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, and his forage train of 21 wagons to Big Black River, notifying me of the

