
support of Lieutenant-General Hill. (For an account of the action of this brigade while detached from my command your attention is directed to the report of Brigadier-General Jackson.) At 2 p. m. I received orders to proceed with my command to the extreme right of our line, where I remained until 6 p. m., when a general advance of the whole line was ordered. Jackson's brigade, on the left of General Walker, was now actively engaged, and his ammunition being nearly exhausted, General Maney, with his brigade, was ordered to relieve him. Wright's brigade was ordered to form on Maney's right, and to advance with the entire line, now in motion. These brigades encountered but slight resistance. The enemy, now fiercely assailed at all points, yielded the field to us and fled in disorder.

At 2 p. m. on the 21st, I moved my command in the direction of Chickamauga Station, and bivouacked for the night near the Old Mission House on Chickamauga Creek.

Early on the morning of the following day I was directed by Lieutenant-General Polk to move in the direction of Chattanooga, and arrived at the foot of Missionary Ridge at 10 a. m. I soon ascertained that the enemy occupied the crest of the ridge in force. After making the necessary reconnaissance, Maney's brigade on the right and Smith's on the left (the latter now commanded by Colonel A. J. Vaughan, jr.) were deployed and ordered to carry the position held by the enemy, which was done after a spirited engagement of a few minutes. The position was found to be one of much natural strength, increased by breastworks made of stone and fallen timber, but the enemy, now demoralized by a succession of disasters, made but a feeble resistance, and field in great haste.

In concluding this report, I beg to mention an act of daring and heroism on the part of Colonel S. S. Stanton, of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers. During the engagement of the 19th, his regiment, exposed to a close and heavy fire, wavered for a moment and seemed to be in the act of falling back, when the intrepid colonel seized the colors of his regiment, and rushing to the front called his men to follow hi. Inspired by this heroic example, the regiment reformed on the colors and at once recovered the ground they had lost. While the colors were in the hands of Colonel Stanton it was pierced thirty times by the enemy's balls.

The officers of my staff-Majors James D. Porter, jr., and John Ingram, assistant adjutants-general; Major Melancthon Smith, chief of artillery; Major Joseph Vaulx, jr., and Captain Thomas F. Henry, assistant inspectors-general; Dr. F. Rice, chief surgeon; Lieutenants F. H. McNairy and J. Webb Smith, aides-de-camp; Major S. H. Brooks and A. L. Robertson, volunteer aides-de-camp; Major John A. Cheatham, chief of ordnance; Major G. V. Young, chief quartermaster; Major B. J. Butler, chief commissary-all deserve honorable mention for the proper performance of the duties assigned them.

My escort, Company G, Second Georgia Cavalry, Captain T. M. Merritt, were, under my orders, employed in collecting the small-arms abandoned by the enemy, and deserve honorable mention for the industrious performance of their duty.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

