
I lost 1 man killed, Corporal La Franiere, of Company B, and 1 wounded in the wrist, Private Cummings, of the same company, and 3 horses wounded.

The enemy's force was composed of detachments from Colonel Starke's and Wirt Adams' regiments, fully 300 strong, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood commanding.

The officers of my command were: Captain A. M. Sherman, commanding battalion, Second Wisconsin; Captain Wallace, commanding battalion, Fourth Illinois; Captain N. Parker, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Captain M. W. Wood, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Captain C. W. Beach, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Lieutenant Riley, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Lieutenant La Flesh, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Lieutenant Woodard, Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Lieutenants Chapin, Smith, Main, and Crego, Fourth Illinois.

I am under equal obligations to each and all of these officers for the promptness, propriety, and intrepidity of their conduct.

The men of both commands, with exceedingly few exceptions, behaved most admirably.

I returned to camp at sunset last evening, bringing my dead and wounded with me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRY E. EASTMAN,

Major, Commanding Second Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps.

OCTOBER 10-11, 1863.-Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., to Hernando, Miss., with Skirmish (11th) near Hernando.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William P. Hepburn, Second Iowa Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY, Memphis, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders dated headquarters District of Memphis, October 10, 1863, I proceeded at dark on that day to march to Hernando, Miss., with four companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry. I arrived at a point 1 mile distant from that place at 2 o'clock in the morning of the 11th, where we remained until daylight. Captain Moore, with his company, then marched rapidly through the town, with directions to picket the roads and establish a chain of guards on the south side of the town and prevent the egress of all persons. Captain Eystra's company was divided, 20 men sent to the east and 20 men to the west side of town. Twenty men of Captain Horton's company guarded the north side of town.

In this manner all of the approaches were picketed and a continuous line of sentinels established around the town. Company F and 20 men of Company A were then moved into town and divided into squads of 5 men. Every house was carefully searched and all the men brought to the public square, where the guide furnished me designated Dyer, Kizzie, and Bryant as 3 of the 4 parties whom I was instructed to arrest. They were arrested and brought to the city, and delivered to a guard at district headquarters. The fourth part I was instructed to arrest, Dr. Atkins, was not in the town;

