
he lives 4 miles south of it, and I was informed by several citizens that the day before he started for Coldwater Crossing, and was not at home. I also arrested, brought to Memphis, and turned over to a guard at district headquarters 6 other persons, who appeared to be suspicious characters. Upon the return the command was followed by a party, perhaps 30, of the enemy, who attacked our rear guard at a point 4 miles north of Hernando. The 10 men of F Company composing the rear guard quickly dispersed them.

Returned to camp at 4 p. m. without further molestation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. HEPBURN,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Comdg. Regiment.

Major JAMES O. PIERCE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Memphis, Tenn.

OCTOBER 10-14, 1863.-Expedition from Gallatin to Carthage, Tenn., with Skirmish (10th) near Hartsville.

Report of Colonel Henry K. McConnell, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Fort Thomas, October 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, I started to Carthage on the 10th instant with three companies of infantry, three companies of mounted infantry, one company of colored troops, and one piece of the Thirteenth Indiana Battery.

At 11 a. m., and within 3 miles of Hartsville, we met the enemy in small force, who, after slight resistance, gave way. I ordered pursuit of them with part of a mounted company, which resulted in loss to the enemy 1 killed and 2 prisoners, 2 horses, and 2 revolvers. The axle of Captain Nicklin's piece having been broken by moving into position, I sent him back to Gallatin, sending with him the prisoners we had taken. Our loss in the action was 1 man killed and 1 horse and set of accouterments. I then sent the wagon train, convoyed by the footmen and one company of mounted infantry, directly to Carthage, under command of Captain J. W. Moody, Seventy-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and, hearing that Major Hamilton was in the neighborhood, I took the remaining two mounted companies and went in the direction of Scottsville, where it was said he encamped. Finding that the rumor was false, I returned to Hartsville, and finding that our train had gone safely through, started for Carthage by the way of Rome.

Between Neely's Ford and Rome we found a number of persons who had not taken the oath of allegiance, and most of whom were bitter secessionists, and whose sons were engaged in irregular warfare and theft. From them we took all the serviceable stock that we could find, and made prisoners of the men wherever practicable. We found a mill owned by Solomon Dice, which we burned, it being employed to grind for rebels who had refused to take the oath of allegiance, and the owner having declared he would not take the oath of allegiance.

At Rome we met scattering squads of guerrillas, with whom we had indiscriminate skirmishing, resulting to the enemy in the loss

51 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

