
On the morning of the 14th, Logan's division left Vicksburg and marched to the Big Black at Messinger's Ferry; Tuttle's division and the cavalry, under Colonel Winslow, concentrating the same day at the same point, ready to cross early in the morning.

At 5.30 a. m. the command was put in motion, taking the direct road toward Canton.

After proceeding 7 miles to Queen's Hill Church, Colonel Winslow, with four regiments of cavalry, was directed to take the Clinton road, making a detour to the south, and join me that evening at or beyond Brownsville.

He proceeded some 8 miles in the direction of Clinton, satisfied himself there was no enemy at that place or south of it toward Raymond, and then came north to Brownsville, reaching the town a couple of hours in advance of the infantry, and driving out about 50 rebel cavalry.

As soon as the infantry came up the cavalry was ordered to advance, and met the enemy at the forks of the road about a mile east of the town, where a brisk little skirmish ensued, without any material loss on either side, and the enemy fell back, taking the right-hand road, which led to the camp of Cosby's brigade, and were pursued until dark, the cavalry camping on the ground a short distance in rear of their advance.

In the morning the march was continued, the cavalry taking the right-hand road and the infantry the direct road. The former had proceeded but a short distance when the enemy were discovered well posted, with four pieces of artillery and a portion of the cavalry armed with short Enfield rifles.

Colonel Winslow soon sent word that he could not dislodge them with his cavalry.

General Maltby's brigade of infantry and a section of artillery were sent to his assistance, and three regiments of Leggett's brigade were moved across to the right on a plantation road, which led directly to the right and rear of the enemy's position.

These dispositions were scarcely made when the enemy left, and crossing Bogue Chitto Creek took up another position more defensible than the first, their artillery having a fine range and command from the hills on the eastern side.

I here learned that the force in front consisted of Cosby's brigade of cavalry, under the command of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, and a portion of Brigadier-General Logan's cavalry, and that their trains had been sent eastward the day before, leaving no chance to surround and capture a portion of them without making something of a circuit.

Colonel Winslow was directed to take all but one regiment of cavalry and move rapidly forward on the Canton road until he came to the intersection of the Clinton and Vernon roads, when he would move down toward Clinton, thus getting in rear of the enemy's position, by which means I hoped to capture some of them, at least.

Unfortunately, on reaching Bogue Chitto Creek, 7 miles distant, he found Whitfield's brigade, well posted, with two pieces of artillery, which checked his farther advance until Force's brigade of infantry came up.

The brigade was immediately sent across the bridge and deployed ready to advance against the enemy's position, on the brow of the hill, when night came on and stopped farther progress.

As soon as it was light enough to see, in the morning, Leggett's

