
sides their cavalry, and, under the circumstances, considering the defenseless state of Vicksburg, I deemed it best to return, which I did, via Clinton and Big Black Bridge.

On returning, I found General Hawkins, at Goodrich's Landing, had reported that 4,000 had assembled in the vicinity of Delhi, and were coming across Bayou Macon to attack him, and had called for re-enforcement of 2,000 infantry and a battery of artillery.

The Marine Brigade was sent up to his support, and the commander of the gunboat at Lake Providence notified and requested to render him assistance, if required.

This was four days ago. Since then I have heard nothing from him in regard to the movements of the enemy, and am decidedly of the opinion that the enemy's force was greatly exaggerated, and that it consisted of a regiment of cavalry, which has infested that country ever since we came down the river.

A boat came down last night; everything was all right then.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, October 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just received, per Lieutenant Dunn, aide-de-camp, copies of General Orders, Nos. 1 and 2, headquarters Division of the Mississippi. Shortly after General Grant's departure, I made a little expedition by way of a reconnaissance and to create a diversion in favor of our forces on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. I had with me Logan's division, Tuttle's division, and about 1,400 cavalry, under Winslow; in all, about 8,000 men. We proceeded in the direction of Canton, crossing the Big Black at Messinger's. Shortly after crossing, we met the enemy's pickets and scouts, who fell back without making any resistance until we reached a point where the roads forked, about three-quarters of a mile east of Brownsville, where a portion of Cosby's brigade made a stand, but were driven out by our cavalry and pursued some 3 miles, when, night coming on, the pursuit was discontinued, and the command bivouacked in the vicinity of Brownsville.

At early dawn the march was continued, four regiments of cavalry taking the right-hand road and one regiment of cavalry and the infantry and artillery keeping the direct road to Canton. The main portion of the cavalry had proceeded about 3 miles when they came up to the enemy, Cosby's and a part of Logan's brigades, advantageously posted, with four pieces of artillery, and quite a brisk cannonading ensued. Colonel Winslow sent word that he could not dislodge them. I immediately sent Maltby's brigade of infantry and a battery of artillery to Winslow's assistance, and three regiments of infantry across a plantation road which came in on the flank and rear of the enemy's position.

As soon as this move was discovered, the enemy retreated precipitately across a branch of the Bogue Chitto Creek, tore up the bridge after them, and took up another good position, stopping the farther

