
position, and forced their retreat toward Canton. Next morning began return march via Clinton, making 17 miles, and encamping at Bolton Station.

October 19, after a march of 14 miles, recrossed the Black River at railroad bridge, and, halting there over night, moved following day to our present encampment.

[SECOND BRIGADE.]

October 1, the brigade was stationed at Black River Bridge, Miss.

October 14, marched from the railroad bridge to Messinger's Ferry.

October 15, crossed Black River and marched to Brownsville, Miss.

October 16 and 17, marched to Clinton and Baker's Creek, Miss.

October 18, reached Black River Bridge, Miss., at which point the brigade is at present encamped.

[ARTILLERY.]

It being understood that the enemy were gathering in the vicinity of Brownsville, Canton, and Clinton, Miss., the Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, with the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, the whole commanded by Major-General McPherson, began its march from near Big Black River on the morning of the 15th instant, crossing the Black at Messinger's Ford, and encamping at Brownsville, Miss., without having encountered the enemy. Resumed march on the following morning.

October 16, met the enemy's pickets some 5 miles beyond Brownsville; skirmished steadily, advancing until nightfall.

October 17, at daylight advanced in line of battle against the enemy, advantageously posted on commanding heights about a mile and a half beyond Bogue Chitto Creek; rather brisk skirmishing and cannonading (in which the Sixth Indiana Battery, alone of the artillery force of this division, participated, expending some 50 rounds) marked our advance until midday, when the enemy, driven from every point, retreated in the direction of Canton. Encamped for the night on the field of the day's operations.

October 18, in the morning the division began its return march via Clinton, encamping at Bolton Station.

October 19, marched to, crossed, and encamped at Big Black River, and on the following day, October 20, formed present encampment, with headquarters at Hebron's plantation, 8 miles northeast of Vicksburg, Miss.

Numbers 3.

Itinerary of the Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, commanded by Major General John A. Logan, U. S. Army, for the month of October, 1863.*

[FIRST BRIGADE, Brigadier General MORTIMER D. LEGGETT, U. S. ARMY, COMMANDING.]

October 1 to 14, lay in camp at Vicksburg, doing picket and provost duty, and working on fortifications.

October 14, marched to Big Black River, 14 miles.

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

