
October 15, marched to Brownsville, 17 miles, finding our cavalry engaged in skirmishing slightly with the enemy's cavalry.

October 16, marched to Bogue Chitto Creek, where the enemy's cavalry were drawn up in line of battle.

October 17, formed in line of battle, and skirmished with the enemy all day, driving them 6 miles on the Canton road. Burned Robinson's Mills, near Livingston.

October 18, returned through Clinton to Baker's Creek.

October 19, marched to Big Black River.

October 20, marched to camp, at Vicksburg.

October 21 to 31, working on fortifications and doing picket duty.

[SECOND BRIGADE, Brigadier General MANNING F. FORCE, U. S. ARMY, COMMANDING.]

This brigade lay quietly in camp until October 14, when we moved out on the Jackson road, forming part of an expedition, under command of Major-General McPherson. Found no enemy until the 15th instant, at Brownsville.

October 16 and 17, took part in the skirmishes at Bogue Chitto Creek.

October 18, started back.

October 20, got back to our old camp. Since then we have furnished daily large working parties for the fortifications, in addition to the usual picket details, &amp;c.

Numbers 4.

Report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Forces, Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Big Black River, Miss., October 21, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry under my command during the late reconnaissance toward Canton:

The command moved over bridge at Messinger's at 6 a. m. 15th instant, and passed Queen's Hill Church, where Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace, with Fourth and Eleventh Illinois Regiments, were left, with orders to report to Major-General McPherson. The main force passed Bolton, and thence to the left into Brownsville, where the advance had a brisk skirmish with 50 rebel cavalry, driving them through and out of town at once.

Halting for orders, the command of Colonel Wallace rejoined the column, and horses were fed. Pursuant to instructions from Major-General McPherson, upon arrival of infantry I moved out toward Livingston and Clinton at 4 p. m., finding the enemy's advance I mile from town, which was promptly attacked by Captain Peniwell, Fifth Illinois Cavalry, and chased about 1 mile, he being supported by Fifth Regiment Illinois Cavalry coming forward at a gallop. At forks of the road, 2 miles from Brownsville, the advance was met by a heavy column of the enemy and driven back upon head of the column in confusion, while I formed the advance regiment to repel the enemy, at the same time ordering into position the other regiments.

