
ADDENDA.

Abstract from report of guns engaged, ammunition expended, &amp;c., in Smith's battalion of artillery, Cheatham's division, at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20.*

Guns engaged.

Batteries.	 12-	 6-	 3-	 12-	 rounds	 Officer

 pounder	 pounder 	 inch	 pounde	 of	 s.

 Napoleo	 bronze.	 rifle	 r	 ammuni

 ns.	 	 s.	 howitz	 tion

 	 	 	 ers.	 expend

 	 	 	 	 ed.

Carnes' a	 -	 2	 -	 2	 -	 1

Stanford's	 -	 -	 4	 -	 103	 -

Turner's b	 4	 -	 -	 -	 220	 1

Total	 4	 2	 4	 2	 323	 2

Casualties.

Killed. Wounded.

Batteries.	 Men.	 Officers	 Men.	 Horses	 Horses

 	 .	 	 Killed.	 wounded

 	 	 	 	 .

Carnes'a 	 6	 -	 16	 38	 10

Stanford's	 -	 -	 4	 -	 4

Turner's b	 1	 1	 4	 2	 2

Total	 7	 1	 24	 40	 16

a Carnes' battery was taken by the enemy and retaken. The amount of ammunition expended could not be ascertained, as the remainder was turned over to other batteries. After recapture two guns could not be used for want of horses. During the greater part of the engagement the enemy was at very close quarters, the distance varying from 100 to 40 yards.

b The action of Turner's battery was at short range and the projectiles did great execution.

No. 240.

Report of Major John A. Cheatham, Chief Ordnance Officer.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ORDNANCE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,

POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

October 20, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, Confederate States, received through your office, I have the honor to submit the following report of my movements, observations, and performance of duty during the late battles on Chickamauga Creek:

Some days previous to the opening of the engagement, in obedience to orders from Major-General Cheatham, commanding, I had placed the ordnance wagons of the different brigades in one train and taken charge of same in person.

On Saturday morning, September 19, I was ordered to move my train to Alexander's Bridge and remain on the east side of the creek. During the morning I was ordered to Byram's Ford, some 4 miles lower down. Thence ordered across the creek to supply ammunition to regiments then waiting for it. So soon as the ordnance sergeants had supplied all demands for ammunition, I set them to bringing arms and accouterments from the field, and being mounted they were enabled to secure many excellent guns.

I reserved two wagons from each brigade train for any immediate demand that might be made, and sent the others in charge of an ordnance officer back to the creek as a precaution against any reverse that might attend our forces on the morrow's fight.

On Sunday morning, as soon as I found that our forces were driving the enemy, I ordered the three empty wagons which belonged to

---------------

*Original dated November 16, 1863, and signed by Major Melancthon Smith, commanding battalion.

---------------

6 R R-VOI XXX, PT II

