
I think the enemy must have lost during the expedition at least 100 men killed, wounded, and prisoners, of whom we captured 1 lieutenant and 15 men. At Robinson's Mills, I regret to say, the center of my column was somewhat confused by the conduct of curious personages, who fled to the rear when the situation became uncomfortable because of enemy's shells. They gave self-originated orders while going to the rear.

On 16th, the Tenth Missouri Cavalry was under fire of enemy's cannon for six hours. With general remark that the officers of the force did their duty (while I would particularly notice Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace, Majors Farnan, Benteen, Townsend, and Spearman as being valuable and gallant officers),

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, and Chief of Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, 17th Army Corps, Dept. of Tenn.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Canton, Miss., October 19, 1863-a. m.

COLONEL: I send you some of the later dispatches of General Jackson,* showing what his opinion of the position and number of the enemy was prior to and on the retreat. Adams' brigade got here on the 17th and Buford's during the day and night. Last night we moved a large force upon the road leading to Livingston, and upon which Jackson was in advance disputing the passage of the enemy. That night, from all we can learn, the infantry of the enemy commenced their backward movement, leaving their cavalry to cover their retreat. We may look for frequent advances of the enemy in this direction. They have many reasons for it-to keep your forces from Tennessee and Mobile, and to destroy this railroad, and thus prevent us from getting supplies along it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS, Canton, Miss., October 20, 1863-1 a. m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose you the last dispatch from General Jackson, relative to the movements of the enemy. It will be seen that our conjectures were right as to the enemy's (infantry) movements. Mrs. Carraway's is said to be 6 miles from Livingston, 24 miles distant, and the cross-roads 8 miles from Livingston, 26 miles distant, and that it must have been the enemy's cavalry contending with our forces near Livingston on the morning of the 18th.

---------------

*See October 16-18, 1863, pp. 813, 814.

---------------

