
From a gentleman (Dr. Fitzhugh), who followed the enemy and who lives 5 miles from Vicksburg, I learn this morning that the enemy was not as large as represented. He thinks one of the objects of their movement was to ascertain whether we had much strength between Pearl River and Big Black; that they were under the impression of an intended attack upon Vicksburg and were constantly in their intrenchments around the city; that they do not allow persons to pass upon the main road by the way of Big Black Bridge, and keep it guarded with white troops, the other roads with negro soldiers; that they have in the city fifteen regiments of white troops, and says that they are small regiments, but was told that they were expecting Smith's division to return from Arkansas, where it had gone; that it was true that the most of their troops had gone to re-enforce Rosecrans. Another reason for coming out was to get grain; that in the fields near the cross-roads there was great abundance.

Owing to the want of an operator at Jackson, my dispatches (which were sent whenever anything occurred) did not go to you. As soon as I discovered it, upon returning from the field in front of Canton, I sent them direct to Brandon, and also telegraphed them from here when the line opened. I also sent orders at once to Brandon to stop the commands there, and ordered a portion of Featherston's brigade back to Brandon, which had left for this place. Immediately after the withdrawal of the enemy, I gave orders at once for the transportation train to continue on its former duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

LIVINGSTON, October 19, [1863]-1.50 p. m.

General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The enemy's infantry moved from Mrs. Carraway's pond early yesterday morning; joined the main force which was encamped at the cross-roads formed by Vernon and Clinton and Livingston and Brownsville roads. The force left at 9 a. m. and made a forced march to Baker's Creek, where they encamped last night. Cavalry [encamped] 3 miles [this side]. I pursued them through Clinton last night. Logan is on their left flank. Adams on their right to-day. Small party pursuing in rear. Inclosed please find note from Logan.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

TWO MILES WEST OF CLINTON, October 19, 1863-7 o'clock.

General JACKSON:

GENERAL: Enemy took the Bolton road; encamped their infantry at Baker's Creek and cavalry 3 miles this side. They are certainly

