
vance and my skirmishers. I have a picket out on the Beattie Bluff road. I have sent scouts to their rear and right and left flanks, and will keep you informed of any change in their movements. A courier just in reports enemy advancing in force. I will not need the infantry force at the Jackson road, nor the ammunition.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

[General LORING,

Commanding, &amp;c.]

NEAR CLINTON, [October] 18, [1863]-8 p. m.

GENERAL: I have delayed writing in order to find out the exact movement of enemy. The rear of their column passed through Clinton an hour since. The whole force is on its return to Big Black, via Bolton Depot. I have sent Adams with his brigade, via Brownsville, to strike them in flank. Will start Logan to-night to follow them up closely with a small party and endeavor to ambush them with the rest of his force. I can do but little by following them immediately in rear. The pursuit has been vigorous. Some loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners to the enemy. Forced their cavalry upon infantry, when they formed line and opened their batteries.

I am sadly disappointed at their not going on. You could have demolished them. Their intention was evidently to go to Canton, but they heard of the concentration of our infantry and left in a hurry this morning. They have burned all the mills and some gins. Usual amount of damage to residences, poultry, &c. I shall move Whitfield's brigade near Vernon to-morrow and will be at Livingston to-morrow night, establishing my headquarters there.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

General LORING,

Canton.

Numbers 7.

Report of Brigadier General John W. Whitfield, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WHITFIELD'S BRIGADE, October 16, [1863]-5 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry, infantry, and artillery are ad vancing on the road from Brownsville to Livingston. I am fighting them at the cross-roads, near Mrs. Garply's place (the same position where General Johnston's line of battle was formed), about 9 miles from Livingston. My scouts are in their rear, and report their force to consist of 1,000 cavalry, and heavy column of infantry. One report says 10,000.

Very respectfully, &c.,J. W. WHITFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

General BUFORD,

Commanding.

