
Numbers 8.

Report of Colonel John L. Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, October 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade during the four days we engaged the enemy in front and rear:

On the 15th, having received information from Colonel Wirt Adams, commanding brigade of General Cosby, that the enemy was advancing upon him in force, I at once put my command in motion to unite with and assist him.

I arrived at his camp near Mr. Catlett's, on the upper Brownsville road, at daybreak on the morning of the 16th. Took position on the left of his command and placed my artillery (a section of Captain C.

Roberts' battery) for action; dismounted Colonel John Griffith's regiment of mounted Arkansas infantry, and placed it in advance of my line in a skirt of woods, supported on the left by a squadron of cavalry, and threw out skirmishers in advance of Colonel Griffith. Up to 10 a. m. the enemy did not seem disposed to advance, but was skirmishing with us.

At 10 a. m. I ordered Colonel Griffith to advance and feel for the enemy, and, if possible, make him develop his strength and plans. I rode out to the front, and had just commenced advancing when I received an order from Colonel Adams to fall back and move my command across the creek and take a position so as to protect the right and rear, which I did, taking a position a little advance of Mr. Catlett's house, where I remained until the enemy had driven our skirmishers across the creek and out of the woods within 400 yards of my artillery. I them, fearing the enemy might charge my battery, withdrew it and my line to Mr. Catlett's house and opened fire upon him, sending Major Stockdale in advance, who skirmished with the enemy for one hour disputing his advance.

At 2 o'clock I received an order from Brigadier-General Jackson to withdraw my whole command and move at once in direction of Scott's Ferry, on Big Black, and cross over and pursue a Federal cavalry force that was reported advancing toward Grenada. When I had moved 5 or 6 miles north to the cross-roads near the Henderson place, I found Brigadier-General Whitfield engaging another force of the enemy, who were pressing him. General Whitfield requested me to stop and assist him, which I did, dismounting Colonel Griffith and Major Akin's Ninth Tennessee Battalion and placing them on the left of General Whitfield's line.

At 6.30 p. m. the enemy made an advance, but was repulsed. I then withdrew my command and fed my horses and formed in line in rear of General Whitfield, according to order from General Jackson.

At daylight next morning, when I had my line about formed, I received orders to fall back and take a position at Livingston, which I did, taking a strong position on a range of hills 1 mile west of Livingston, where I remained until next morning, the enemy having advanced to within 1 1/2 miles of my position. I was supported on the right by part of General Whitfield's brigade. During the morning we were skirmishing continually until 10 o'clock, when the enemy's cavalry made a general advance. I opened fire upon them with my artillery, consisting of Roberts' and Georgia [Swindoll's Mississippi]

