
battery commanded by Lieutenant Young, and the enemy was soon repulsed.

I then, according to orders, threw forward Major Stockdale's battalion to feel for the enemy, General Whitfield having at the same time ordered forward one of his regiments for the same purpose, when it was discovered that the enemy was retreating. I was ordered to pursue with all haste, having in advance the Third Texas, Whitfield's brigade, and Stockdale's battalion. The advance soon overtook the rear guard of the enemy, and were skirmishing with them every few hundred yards, my main force following closely behind, supported by the balance of General Whitfield's brigade. I continued the pursuit until I had arrived near Clinton, when, not knowing the direction the enemy would take, and General Jackson coming up about this time ordered the command to file to the left and move over to the Clinton and Livingston road, so as to be in a position to intercept the enemy's advance toward Jackson should he move in that direction. It was ascertained during the night that he had taken the road to Vicksburg, and I was ordered to Clinton in pursuit alone.

I moved from my camp at 3 a. m. I arrived in Clinton at daylight and ordered Colonel Dumonteil with his command to pursue the enemy, while, I moved the main body of my command on the flank of the enemy in intercept a part of his force at Bolton's Depot, if possible. Colonel Dumonteil soon came up with the enemy's rear guard and commenced skirmishing with him. I moved rapidly to a point within 1 mile of Bolton's Depot and ascertained that the enemy's main force of infantry was then passing through, and of course I could not strike, but waited, hoping to cut off his cavalry or wagon train, but as soon as his infantry had passed the trains moved directly behind, and his cavalry close up to the train. I then sent a courier to Colonel Adams, who was between me and Edwards' Depot, and informed him that I would follow the enemy's rear and check him as much as possible, and suggested to him to strike at Edwards' and cut off his cavalry or wagon train, as the infantry was moving rapidly.

I continued the pursuit, having re-enforced Colonel Dumonteil by Major Akin's battalion, and directed him to follow the enemy closely and check him at every favorable point. When my advance had arrived at Edwards' Depot and was skirmishing with the enemy, and I was moving up my main force, I met Colonel Adams' command coming in on my right at Champion's Hill, at which place I left him and moved on. I continued the pursuit until the enemy's rear had crossed Big Black. I then withdrew and moved my command to camp.

The casualties in my brigade during all the skirmishing were 6 wounded, all slightly.

To the officers and men under my command I feel under many obligations for the prompt manner in which they obeyed my orders and for the gallant manner in which they met the enemy, although confronting at all times a largely superior force; also for the patient manner in which they bore the hardships an fatigues of these four days.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN L. LOGAN,

Commanding Brigade.

Captain MOORMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

52 R R-VOL XXX, PT II

