
La Grange after surrender. Other rebels were wearing our uniforms; others had provided themselves with stockings, &amp;c., from the ladies baggage. Most of them had a full supply of whisky. Indeed, I saw nothing, either in the conduct or appearance of the choice collection my soldiers had gathered in, that could have induced me, through motives of courtesy or feelings of admiration, to see my own men suffer while rebels were enjoying stolen luxuries. I regard the language in which Major Reed's communication is couched as so extremely offensive that I regret I am compelled to notice it officially at all. I am satisfied if his character and conduct had been known at headquarters no such notice would have been deemed necessary.

I have the honor to inclose statements of Colonel La Grange and Captain Hancock, corroborating what I have said.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT WISCONSIN CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 6, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCook,Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: To your inquiry of this evening, I have the honor to submit the following report:

In the charge of my regiment at Anderson's Gap on the 2nd October, I had raised my saber to strike a Confederate officer when he called out, "I surrender," and passed behind me, discharging his pistol at me as he did so. The distance he had allowed me to pass enabled him to avoid any punishment, save a slight cut across the face, which I am told, however, will frequently remind him of his unmanly act. Subsequent inquiry proved the officer (who was captured) to be Major Reed, of General Wheeler's staff.

I sincerely regret the occasion for making such a charge against any person claiming to be a soldier, more especially from the fact that Confederate officers with whom the chances of war have heretofore made me acquainted, have always left with me a high appreciation of their courage and their sense of military honor.

I remain, colonel, most respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding First Wisconsin Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Winchester, Tenn., November 6, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding Second Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: In compliance to your request I have the honor to report the following regarding the robbery of Major Duff Green Reed and his brother Confederates.

The evening of their capture they were shown every attention that prisoners of war could possibly expect, being provided with rations and comfortable shelter during the night, and their wounds properly dressed. The following morning 6 of our soldiers, including 1 com-

