
cient grease. Third, whether the English system of having balls sufficiently small to be used with thick paper around them be not better than our plan of using the ball without paper.

Again, if an intelligent and practical officer were sent to the battlefield with orders to cut or bore into the trees upon different parts of the field that were struck by balls from the small-arms of each army, and such examination sufficiently extended and systematically recorded, it would establish the comparative penetrating force of the ammunition of the two different armies; show the difference between the round and the elongated balls, and might show the defect of some particular cartridge, its balls being recognized, or by learning what particular regiment fired the shot and the cartridges used.

When a regiment that may be engaged with the enemy exhausts its ammunition, moments become hours in importance while awaiting a fresh supply. To find the ordnance wagons is often very difficult in the midst of the usual confusion. I think a conspicuous flag shown by each brigade train would tend greatly to lessen this difficulty. Such a mark could be recognized from a great distance, and would thus guide the messenger direct to the object of his search.

Herewith I send you the reports of the brigade ordnance officers, which, together with my own, are respectfully submitted.

JNumbers A. CHEATHAM,

Chief of Ord. Cheatham's Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

Colonel OLADOWSKI,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Tennessee

(Through Major Rutledge, Chief of Ord., Polk's Corps).

Numbers 241.

Report of Brigadier General John K. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. JACKSON'S BRIGADE, CHEATHAM'S DIVISION,POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Before Chattanooga, October 3, 1863.

MAJOR: On September 19, 1863, at about 7 o'clock in the morning, the brigade which I have the honor to command, being the advance of Major-General Cheatham's division, crossed Chickamauga Creek at Hunt's or Dalton's Ford, about a mile below Lee and Gordon's Mills.

The brigade was immediately deployed in line of battle on the west side of the creek and awaited the crossing by the remainder of the division. At about 9 a. m. moved by the flank in a northwestern direction and formed line in the rear of Major-General Buckner's right as his reserve. Remained in this position about an hour, when an order was received to move still farther to the right to the support of Major-General Walker. Passing rapidly about half a mile northward by the right flank, the brigade reached the road leading from Alexander's Bridge, and proceeded thence westward about half a mile. Here the line of Major-General Walker's troops was reached. My brigade was immediately placed in line of battle and ordered to advance. The order was promptly and cheerfully obeyed, and the advance continued about 150 yards, when the enemy opened fire upon my left and center. The brigade returned the fire, which soon became general. A charge being ordered, the troops responded with great intrepidity, driving the enemy before them from a half to three-quarters of a mile, capturing 3 pieces of artillery, which were

