
immediately sent to the rear; also a large number of knapsacks, from which the enemy had been driven. At this point the enemy, being heavily re-enforced and having the advantage of breastworks, checked the advance of the brigade and stubbornly held their ground Seeing troops on the left retiring, I sent to inquire the meaning of it, and was informed that it was part of Brigadier General Preston Smith's brigade, which had been pressed back by superior numbers, thus leaving my left flank entirely exposed. Soon afterward my left fell back under the false impression that a retreat had been ordered, but were immediately rallied and reformed, and promptly retook their original position.

Learning that the enemy were endeavoring to turn my right, which was not protected by any infantry force, and the left being exposed and nearly out of ammunition, I sent a staff officer to request Brigadier-General Maney, whose brigade was in reserve, to come to my relief. The contest had now lasted for about two hours and had been unusually severe. My battery, commanded by Captain John Scogin, had moved up with the line and done good service. Brigadier-General Maney's brigade moved forward gallantly, and upon being relieved by him I ordered my brigade to retire, which was done slowly and in good order. While moving to the rear the horses of one piece and one caisson were disabled, and consequently that piece and caisson fell into the hands of the enemy, but were subsequently recovered. Line of battle was formed again in the position occupied before the advance and on the right of Turner's battery. My battery was so posted as to have a cross-fire in front of Turner's battery. The enemy's advance upon us was checked at this point.

A little before dark Major-General Cleburne, having formed a line on my right, making an obtuse angle with mine, commenced a forward movement, and about the same time an order was received from Major-General Cheatham to move up my brigade also, which was promptly done. The fire of small-arms immediately became very severe. The left of my brigade, thinking in the darkening twilight that Major-General Cleburne's line was in their front, became a little confused by the suddenness and severity of the fire, but were soon brought up and the whole line advanced about 600 yards. Here the firing abruptly ceased, and it being now quite dark, and the impression still prevailing that our friends were in front, Major W. D. C. Lloyd, my volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant S. S. Harris, acting inspector-general of my brigade, rode forward to ascertain the facts, when Major Lloyd rode into the enemy's lines and was captured. My brigade had moved in Major-General Cleburne's line, with Brigadier-General Deshler's brigade on its left. About 9 o'clock at night, in order to allow Brigadier-General Deshler to close upon his own division, I ordered my brigade to retire to its original position, where it remained until morning.

On Sunday morning, the 20th instant, in pursuance of orders from Major-General Cheatham, I moved by the left flank about half a mile and took position as a reserve in the rear of Brigadier-General Maney's brigade. Remaining there until about 11 a. m., I moved, by order, back to my original position. Here an order was received from General Bragg, through Major Falconer, assistant adjutant-general, to move at once with my brigade to the right and front and report to Lieutenant-General Hill. I moved promptly by the right flank and sent Captain Moreno, my assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Harris to find Lieutenant-General Hill. They returned,

