
reporting their search unsuccessful. At this point Lieutenant-General Polk ordered me to take a position on the right of Brigadier-General Polk and to move forward at once. Deeming it proper, in pursuance of the order of the commanding general, to report to Lieutenant-General Hill for orders, I moved still farther by the right flank and to the right of Brigadier-General Polk's brigade and sent again to Lieutenant-General Hill, who directed that my brigade should take position on Brigadier-General Liddell's loft, and fill up a gap between that brigade and Major-General Cleburne's right.

A staff officer of Lieutenant-General Hill having indicated the position my brigade was to take, it was moved forward some 150 yards, when the commanding officer of my sharpshooters reported skirmishers of the enemy in heavy force on my left and opposite the gap on Major-General Cleburne's right, which my brigade was insufficient to fill. I directed two additional companies to be deployed as skirmishers, with orders to the five companies, consisting of my battalion of sharpshooters, reported that he could not dislodge the enemy; that they were in strong force and supported by a line of battle and a battery. I immediately reported these facts to Lieutenant-General Hill, and that if I advanced (the gap not being filled up) my left flank would be exposed to an enfilading fire. He sent me an order, nevertheless, to form on Brigadier-General Liddell's left and move forward with his line. This order was promptly executed.

The brigade, with the battery in the center, moved forward in splendid style about 100 yards, when the enemy opened a galling fire from the front and left flank, enfilading the entire line with canister and small-arms. The engagement now became terrific and the position of my brigade extremely critical. The troops, however, stood nobly to the work before them, and steadily advancing surmounted the hill on which the enemy's breastworks were, the battery moving with the line and rendering effective service. The enemy were driven from their breastworks, and Brigadier-General Maney's brigade coming up at this opportune moment, charged them and the contest was over. At daylight on Monday morning the enemy was found to have sought safety in flight under the cover of darkness.

I annex a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of my command, which was composed, from right to left, as follows: Second Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters, Eighth Mississippi Regiment, Fifth Mississippi Regiment, Scogin's battery, Second Battalion First Georgia (Confederate) Regiment, and the Fifth Georgia Regiment. The total effective was 1,286; the aggregate effective 1,405; loss, 490, from which it will be perceived that the percentage of casualties was 34.87, and that the greatest loss was in the Fifth Georgia Regiment, amounting to nearly 55 per cent.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN INGRAM,

A. A. G. Cheatham's Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

[P. S.]-The report of my provost-marshal shows the capture of 74 prisoners* (not including wounded men), representing twenty-two regiments and from five States.

---------------

*Five officers and 69 men.

---------------

