
Second day (Sunday, 20th) formed line of battle about 4 p. m. Subsequently two companies of my battalion were detached and placed under command of Major Whiteley as skirmishers. Soon were ordered forward. Passed over an open glade through a thick undergrowth, up a long slope to the crest of the hill, when the enemy opened a heavy fire of musketry and artillery from another hill in front of us and about 150 yards from where we were, and on top of which was their first line of works. I commanded my men to lie down and protect themselves as best they could. They did so, at the same time pouring into the enemy's ranks a destructive fire. I think the fire from the enemy at this point was the heaviest I ever heard; am only surprised that a man escaped being killed or wounded, and I am of opinion this position could not have been held but for the powerful efforts of the battery on our right (Scogin's). This state of things lasted for about an hour, as well as I can judge, when our line advanced down the slope of the hill we were on, across a hollow, and up the hill on which was their first line to within a few feet of this line.

The enemy had in the meantime retreated across a glade about 75 or 100 yards to their second line, which was protected by a strong barricade work hurriedly thrown up. We fought them here for about 25 or 30 minutes, when our ammunition began to fail again, but, fortunately, at this juncture re-enforcements arrived, who dashed forward together with such of our men as had ammunition, charging them from their works, driving them pell-mell forward over hill and dale until night put an end to the pursuit. We formed line, stacked our arms, and slept on the ever-memorable battle-field of the Chickamauga.

My loss in this day's engagement was 1 killed, 4 severely wounded,

and 12 slightly wounded.

As in the engagement of the previous day, both officers and men did their duty well and nobly, and where all did their part so well I cannot particularize as to names, but think it would be a neglect of duty on my part if I were to fail to mention the name of R. D. Camp, color-bearer, a member of Company D, who bore his part most nobly, always in front, seemed to seek where danger was greatest. I feel proud to say that so long as our colors are intrusted to such hands they will never by allowed to trail in the dust. The flag and staff bears the testimony, the flag having been perforated with balls and the staff shot through and broken.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. GORDON,

Major, Comdg. 2nd Batt., 1st (Confederate) Regt. Ga. Vols.

[Captain S. A. MORENO,]

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Brigade.

Numbers 244.

Report of Colonel Charles P. Daniel, Fifth Georgia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,In the Field, near Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of my regiment in the late battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20:

We were posted on the left of the brigade and went into action

