
about 1 p. m. Saturday, 19th. A few moments before this I was informed by you that we had a line of battle in front. We had not gone far before I discovered that you were mistaken, and that the enemy were immediately in front of us and had commenced firing.

This confused my command considerably; but in a short time we continued the advance, driving the enemy before us for at least threequarters of a mile. We had by this time expended all our ammunition. The man whom I had detailed to connect with the ordnance train had just before this been shot down. So soon as this was ascertained I dispatched another; but before he arrived re-enforcements had come up and we were ordered to retire-which we did in as good order as the thickness of the undergrowth would admit-to where the brigade was forming, which was between 4 and 5 p. m. At this point we received a new supply of ammunition, and at 7 p. m. were again ordered to advance and moved forward under heavy fire from the enemy. We drove them back for a quarter of a mile, when we were ordered to halt, the enemy having ceased firing. We remained there until about 12.30 o'clock that night, when we were ordered to move back to the rear by facing about.

We remained there until 7 a. m. Sunday, and were ordered some distance to the left. Remained there until about 11 a. m. Were then ordered to the right. At 4 p. m. advanced under a heavy enfilading fire of shot, shell, and grape on our left, besides small-arms in front. At this point lost several men killed and many wounded, but continued to advance toward the natural stronghold and artificial fortifications of the enemy, which caused them to vacate the same.

Throughout the whole day my command, both officers and men, did as good fighting and behaved as gallantly as ever men did in the field.

This, sir, is as correct an account as I am able to give, being engaged the whole time in encouraging my men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. DANIEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Brigade.

Numbers 245.

Report of Major Richard H. Whiteley, Second Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters.
HDQRS. SECOND GA. BATT. SHARPSHOOTERS,In Field, near Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report:

The battalion which I have the honor to command, under a misconception of orders, advanced on the morning of the 18th to within 500 yards of Gordon's Mills, on the Chattanooga road, having previous to the advance deployed Captain M. G. Hester's company (C) as skirmishers, which drove in the enemy's outpost and pickets in gallant style. Upon the appearance of our reserve the enemy opened upon them with six pieces of artillery, wounding 2 men (Sergeant

