
Hunt and Private Thomas, of Company B). At this juncture, we received orders to rejoin the brigade.

My command again engaged the enemy on the morning of the 19th at about 11 a. m., being in line of battle on the right of the brigade. We remained under fire about three hours, during which time the officers and men of the command illustrated in an eminent degree those soldierly qualities for which Georgians have become so justly celebrated. In the midst of much demoralization, evidenced by the disorderly retreat of troops in our front, we advanced with the brigade and drove the enemy steadily before us for over 1 mile, capturing jointly with the Eighth Mississippi Regiment (on our left) 3 pieces of artillery and 6 horses, abandoned by the enemy. The brigade having halted at this point, we remained under fire until relieved by Maney's brigade.

We lost on this day 1 man killed, 1 lieutenant and 1 private severely wounded, and 8 or 10 others slightly. After being relieved by Maney's brigade we fell [back] and replenished our ammunition, and at sunset were again ordered to advance, the enemy giving way before us. In this movement we suffered no loss, and bivouacked on the field of battle for the night.

About 2 p. m. of the 20th, we were deployed as skirmishers in front of the intrenched center of the enemy, covered by their skirmishers, advantageously posted in a skirt of woods immediately in our front, with an open space of prairie of about 100 yards in width, covering in length our entire brigade. Upon the reception of orders to dislodge the enemy, preparatory to the advance of the brigade, it was accomplished in most gallant style, the entire command passing the open space at a run and, with a shout, striking such consternation to the foe that they fled, delivering but one fire, leaving their knapsacks, blankets, &amp;c., upon the ground they occupied. They were successfully pursued and driven into the intrenched line of their comrades, and that line hotly engaged by the command with serious loss to ourselves and with telling effect on the enemy, our object being to hold the enemy in check until the brigade could advance to engage them, we suffering a loss of 2 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 14 others severely and slightly wounded. The command numbered 101 enlisted men on the morning of the 19th, showing a loss in the two days' engagement of nearly one-third.

In conclusion, I have the honor to report the following-named non-commissioned officers and privates as conspicuous for good conduct in the two days' engagement, viz: Sergts. H. W. Cockerell and A. Moore, Corpl. J. C. Willis (deceased), and Privates J. S. Hamilton (deceased), and W. C. Griffin, of Company A; Sergts. L. Taylor, J. O. Torbert, S. Mauldin, and William T. Collier, Corpl. S. H. Smith, and Privates W. G. Smith, W. O. Smith, F. D. Gilbert, and Benjamin Kilcrease, and Rogers, of Company B; Sergt. William Mulherin (color-sergeant), and Privates R. B. Duvall, A. W. Shaw, and J. B. Haynie, of Company C.

The conduct of the entire command during the engagement on the 19th and 20th was highly commendable to both officers and men, and I am proud to say that I witnessed no instance of bad conduct or want of appreciation of duty during the battle.

While I feel constrained to indorse the gallant and officer-like conduct of all the commissioned officers of the battalion, I yet feel it to be my duty to mention the names of Lieutenants C. H. Cobb, James T. Ogletree, and George P. Butler as conspicuous on both days by

