
exhortations and example in the discharge of duty. Surg. W. B. Harrison was also very prompt and attentive in the discharge of his duties, keeping near the command and often exposed to the fire of the enemy.

To my adjutant (Lieutenant Charles P. Roberts) I am indebted for his cool and fearless conduct in the transmission of orders, exposed as to a constant fire from the enemy's line.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. WHITELEY,

Major, Comdg. 2nd Ga. Batt. (S. S.), Jackson's Brig.,

Cheatham's Div., Polk's Corps, Army of Tenn.

Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 246.

Report of Major John B. Herring, Fifth Mississippi Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,Mission Ridge, October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor very respectfully to submit the following report of the action of this regiment in the battle of Chickamauga on 19th and 20th ultimo:

Having formed line of battle at the place assigned us, a little in advance of the road, we advanced to attack the enemy about 12 m. There were no skirmishers in front of the line, and I supposed from this fact that we constituted a second line. We advanced not more than 100 yards when we were attacked by the enemy directly in front, who were also advancing. We returned the fire vigorously, and after a few minutes the enemy's line gave way and we drove them back about 1 mile. During this whole charge we were exposed to a continuous retreating fire. The enemy at last made a stand, from which we failed to move them, owing to the want of ammunition on the part of some and the bad condition of guns on the part of others. The regiment, however, maintained its position gallantly, though exposed to a galling fire from the enemy, until Lieutenant-Colonel Sykes, observing that the line had retired on the left, gave the command to fall back. We fell back about 100 yards, faced about, and renewed the fight. In a short time we fell back about 100 yards farther simultaneously with the Eighth Mississippi, which up to this time had not moved from its most advanced position, and having formed a new line we held the enemy in check, though hard pressed. Here fell Lieutenant-Colonel Sykes, a gallant officer, faithfully discharging his duties. I assumed command of the regiment and ordered an equal distribution of what ammunition remained on hand. Here I received a message from Colonel Wilkinson that if I should be forced to fall back to notify him of the fact. I replied that my action would be influenced by his. We held this position and stopped the advance of the enemy I suppose half an hour. The Eighth Mississippi then falling back, I ordered a retreat as previously agreed upon. We had gone but a short distance before we fell in with General Jackson, who ordered a halt, and directed us to move back by the left flank and form line of battle near the road a little in rear of the position from which we moved to bring on the

