
attack. The enemy advanced and attacked us in this position, but was soon repulsed.

A little before dark I advanced my command in the second line. Near a small house, about 400 yards distant from the road, I came upon the front line on the west margin of the open inclosure around the house, lying down and firing. I closed on it and caused my men to deliver a few rounds with their pieces elevated. The front line finally fell back and caused the second line to break. I rallied my men in the woods east of the inclosure and advanced till I found myself alone. I then ordered them back to lie down in a hollow while I went to the front to define my relative position to the rest of the brigade. I saw the Eighth Mississippi on my right advancing from the position where I had placed my regiment, and gave the command forward, and soon came upon the prolongation of its line, the rest of the brigade closing upon my left. I formed with the brigade on the front line 150 yards west of the house, there being at this time no troops directly to our front in the first line. I fell back to the road about midnight by order of General Jackson.

My loss during the day was 4 killed and 46 wounded (among the latter the adjutant mortally) and one missing. The regiment entered the fight with 225 muskets.

On Sunday (20th), the line of battle was advanced about 4 p. m. I was ordered to conform to the movement of the right, but coming first within range of the enemy's fire I commenced firing. I kept up a continuous fire for near one hour, exposed all the time to a front and cross-fire from the enemy. I advanced simultaneously with the whole brigade and occupied a new position, mine about 100 yards in advance of my first position, and almost the identical position from which the enemy first opened on my command at the opening of the fight. I held this position until my ammunition was completely exhausted, when I was relieved about dark by the arrival of re-enforcements.

I carried into the fight at this place 144 muskets. I lost 25 men wounded. I captured 30 prisoners, and sent to the rear 200 Springfield and Enfield rifles which the enemy had abandoned on the field.

I will take this occasion to testify to the gallantry and good conduct of the officers and men under my command in the face of the enemy. I never saw men fight better and behave more gallantly, particularly on Sunday, 20th ultimo.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JNumbers B. HERRING,

Major, Commanding.

Captain S. A. MORENO, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 247.

Report of Colonel John C. Wilkinson, Eighth Mississippi Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,Near Chattanooga, October 4, 1863.

SIR: In obedient to orders of this date, I submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battles of September 19 and 20:

The regiment went into the fight on Saturday, between 11 and 12 o'clock, and drove the enemy before them for near a mile, capturing

