
and bringing off the field 3 pieces of artillery and 5 horses, which had been captured earlier in the day by Major-General Walker's command, but recaptured by the enemy. I held the position here until I informed General Jackson, through my adjutant, that the enemy was flanking us on the right, when I was ordered to fall back and form on a road some distance in the rear, which I did. I was then ordered to form on a line with Scogin's battery, in which position the regiment remained until late in the evening, when we were again ordered forward with General Cleburne's division and drove the enemy about half a mile, where we remained until about 11 o'clock at night, when, being relieved by other troops, we returned to our position near the battery, and bivouacked for the night.

On Sunday, the regiment went into action about 4 p. m. Found the enemy posted behind his fortifications, but held my position under a galling cross-fire from the enemy until my ammunition became exhausted. Re-enforcements coming up, the enemy was driven from his position.

In this last charge on the enemy Lieutenant Colonel A. McNeill was killed while gallantly leading the right wing of the regiment. Captain J. W. White, of Company G, was also killed in the fight Sunday evening. During the two days' battle the regiment lost 10 killed and 84 wounded.

In no instance did the regiment retire or fall back without orders. It would be unjust to make distinction and mention particular officers or men where all did their duty nobly.

Respectfully,

JOHN C. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Mississippi Regiment.

[Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 248.

Report of Captain John Scogin, Georgia Battery.
HEADQUARTERS SCOGIN'S BATTERY,October 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular issued from headquarters brigade, calling for report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of Chickamauga, I beg leave to submit the following report:

Went into the engagement on Saturday, September 19, taking position on the left of the Eighth* Mississippi Regiment. Advanced with the brigade, driving the enemy some distance, when I was forced to fall back. The left of the brigade giving way subjected my battery to cross-fire, killing several of my horses, and forced me to abandon 1 piece and caisson. I took position again late in the evening on the right of the brigade. Had a sharp engagement, which lasted about one and a half hours. Bivouacked for the night.

Went into the engagement again Sunday evening (20th). Took position on left of Eighth Mississippi, and held our position till the fight closed.

---------------

*Captain Scogin means the Fifth Mississippi.-S. A. MORENO.

---------------

