
Lost in the engagements of both days-1 private killed, 1 commissioned officer and 10 privates wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCOGIN,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 249.

Report of Brigadier General George Maney, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MANEY'S BRIGADE,In the Field, near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of 19th and 20th ultimo, near Chickamauga Creek:

My brigade was composed of the Fourth Tennessee Regiment, Colonel James A. McMurry commanding; the Sixth and Ninth Tennessee Regiments (consolidated), Colonel George C. Porter commanding; the First and Twenty-seventh Tennessee Regiments (consolidated), Colonel H. R. Feild commanding; Maney's battalion sharpshooters, Major Frank Maney commanding, and field battery of four 12-pounder Napoleon guns, under the command of First Lieutenant William B. Turner.

My command crossed Chickamauga Creek at Hunt's Ford on the morning of September 19, and, after proceeding in a northern direction about 2 miles by the flank, was formed in line of battle. I here met General Liddell's command, which was being reformed after having been, as I understood, severely engaged with superior numbers. Passing forward of this command toward the engagement then pending, and which seemed to have been taken up by brigades in advance of me, I was, after some inconsiderable halts, ordered to enter action by relieving Jackson's brigade, my information at the time being that Strahl's brigade would be in line on my left. The position pointed out to me as the one at which I was to relieve Jackson's command was a ridge well wooded, where the right half of my command rested, but from the center to my left the timber on the side of approach had been newly felled and presented some difficulty to easy passage in line. In extension to my left there was an open corn-field, a narrow strip of woodland intervening. My line commenced engaging instantly on reaching the top of the ridge described, and in a few moments afterward I was informed by a messenger from General Forrest that there was nothing on the right but his cavalry, and that he was unable to sustain himself against the strong force of the enemy which was pressing him. Strahl's brigade was not a this moment in line with me on the left, it having, as I afterward learned, become earlier engaged and fallen back to reform. My own line numbered less than 1,000 guns. My battery was just in rear of my center, but the ground was not favorable to its advantageous engagement.

About 300 yards in my rear there was a hill top in open woods-a

