
canister belched in quick succession from four as good guns, and, in my judgment, as gallantly and efficiently manned and served, as any our service can boast. Three times his lines were broken and shattered before their deadly discharges, and finally he abandoned in disordered rout all efforts to capture them. The excellent conduct of Lieutenant Turner and his gallant officers and men on this occasion was but a repetition of their services on the fields of Perryville and Murfreesborough.

The active engagement of my command on Saturday was about three-quarters of an hour in duration and extremely severe. Besides being opposed on all parts by largely superior numbers, two of the enemy's batteries were actively served against it obliquely from the right and left and ranging principally from the center to the left of my line.

The loss in this engagement was heavy, including some of the most valuable officers of my command. Colonel McMurry, a gentleman of the noblest qualities and an officer of fine abilities and great gallantry, received a wound in the thickest of the fight, from which he has since died, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis and Major Bradshaw, of the same regiment, both officers of great merit, were in quick succession severely wounded in the gallant discharge of their duties.

In Turner's battery the loss of officers was 2 of the 4-First Lieutenant Smith severely wounded, and Second Lieutenant Ingraham killed. Both these officers displayed great gallantry.

While the behavior of my entire line was of a character so entirely satisfactory and commendable as to forbid the claim of superiority in conduct of any one part over another, the extreme left held by the Sixth and Ninth Regiments (consolidated) was most exposed and the chances of the day demanded of this veteran command a bloody sacrifice. It is but a just tribute to say the demand was met by them as becomes heroes in many battles. Their loss in killed and wounded was over half their number engaged, including among the latter Major Wilder and many other officers of excellent merit.

On Sunday (the 20th), my command remained in line of battle with the other brigades of the division where it had bivouacked the night before-some half mile to the left of the position of my previous day's engagement-until about 2 p. m., when I was ordered to move by the right flank about the distance of a mile, where I was halted for a considerable time, receiving in this position some shelling, but sustaining but small loss.

Late in the afternoon I was ordered into line with other brigades of the division for a general movement, as I understood, against the enemy's main position near the Chattanooga road. There was at this time sharp firing obliquely to my front and left, and about the time I was in line Brigadier-General Polk, of Cleburne's division, came up asking for assistance, and stating that his command had gained a portion of the enemy's breastworks, but was engaged in front without support on either flank, adding, that if I would advance it would relieve him. I did not feel at liberty to detach myself without instructions from my division commander; but at this moment discovering General Cheatham a short distance to my right, I proceeded to him immediately and gave him the information just received from General Polk, when I was ordered to go to his assistance. On my return General Polk was not present to adviser me of the precise position of his command, he having, I suppose, in the meantime rejoined it; but remembering his remark, that I would

