
relieve him by advancing, I moved directly forward. This movement brought me into action, I think, some 200 or 300 yards to his right. The order to advance was received by my entire line with an enthusiasm plainly telling that their valor was more stimulated than abated by their severe suffering of the previous day. My line was soon engaged, but the force in front yielded and were driven rapidly back. A fire was, however, opened on my left flank, but the giving way of the enemy in front and the continued rapid advance of my line caused this to cease, and the enemy delivering it quickly abandoned his position on my left under the impression, as prisoners stated to me, that our movement would gain his rear. As soon as the firing ceased I commenced reforming my line, which had become considerably disordered by its rapid movement through thick woods and undergrowth. Before this was done I was joined by Wright's brigade, which came forward after me.

It was now some time after sunset and almost entirely dark in the thick woods. Skirmishers and small parties thrown forward for the purpose of observation reported no enemy in front between me and the Chattanooga road. General Breckinridge's entire command came from toward my right, passing in rear of and almost at right angles with my line. Under these circumstances, and to avoid the danger of collision with our own troops in the darkness, I sent a staff officer to advise the division general of the result of my movement, with the information that I had halted for further orders. My staff officer returned, reporting that he did not find General Cheatham, but had delivered my report to Lieutenant-General Polk, who directed that I should remain where I was. I then bivouacked for the night in the enemy's breastworks, where, I understood, had been the main position of Thomas' corps.

My loss in this engagement was light compared with that of the previous day.

On Monday, at 2 p. m. (the enemy having abandoned the field and during the preceding night withdrawn to Chattanooga), our march commenced toward that point. We bivouacked for the night on Chickamauga Creek, about-miles from the battle-field.

Early Tuesday morning we resumed the march, gaining the road leading from Chickamauga Station to Chattanooga, about one mile and a half east of Missionary Ridge. Advancing by this road, it was ascertained the enemy occupied the ridge, and, after a short halt for the purpose of reconnoitering, my brigade, being in front, was ordered by Major-General Cheatham to drive them from and take possession of the ridge. My line was formed on the right of the road and properly sustained with skirmishers. With these dispositions my command was advanced to the attack, and after a spirited engagement of a few moments the enemy was driven and the ridge top was in our possession.

My loss in this affair was 18 in killed and wounded.

Through all the trials and dangers incident to their part in this memorable battle, the conduct of my command was such as might have been expected of intelligent and patriotic veterans. Their ranks had been thinned on many other fields, yet all were eager here to strike for the right, as though there was no death, no suffering before them, but only their cause to serve.

I feel it proper, in addition to those whose good conduct has been mentioned in connection with their wounds, to express my thanks to Colonels Porter and Feild, commanding regiments, and their asso-

7 R R-VOI XXX, PT II

