
ciate field officers (Lieutenant-Colonel Buford, Lieutenant-Colonel House, and Major Allen) for their zealous and efficient aid throughout the engagement; also to Major Maney, commanding battalion sharpshooters, and Captain Bostick, of [Fourth] Tennessee Regiment, who commanded the regiment with gallantry and ability after the fall of all its field officers.

Lieutenant Turner, commanding battery, deserves especial notice for the effective and decisive manner in which his battery was commanded and served. I also mention Lieutenant Henry, of the battery, for his gallant and efficient conduct.

My staff-Captain Porter, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant House, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Keeble, acting assistant inspector-general-have my thanks for their courage and great assistance throughout the engagement.

Private Williams Whitthorne, disabled for the time by a wound received in a former action from carrying his musket, tendered his services, and I must commend his intelligence and gallantry in conveying my orders to different parts of the field.

Lists of casualties in my command have been furnished.* Reports of battalion commanders, herewith filed, are referred to for particulars and for instances of gallantry in their commands.

Very respectfully,

GEO. MANEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES D. PORTER, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 250.

Report of Lieutenant Alexander Allison,jr., Acting Ordnance Officer.
HEADQUARTERS MANEY'S BRIGADE,October 25, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of myself and train during the engagements of September 19 and 20:

Having been united on the 18th with the other brigade trains, my movements were identical with those of the whole division train.

After encamping for the previous night at Pea Vine Church, on the morning of the 19th we moved to Alexander's Bridge, where we remained until ordered to Byram's Ford, about 2 p. m. We remained at Byram's Ford until ordered across the creek to supply the troops with ammunition. After supplying the brigade with ammunition the train was parked on the bank of Chickamauga, near Alexander's Bridge. Here we remained until the evening of the 20th, being employed in the meantime in collecting and sending to the rear all the guns and accouterments which we could find.

On the evening of the 20th, after dark, following the movements of the division, we moved over to the extreme right of our lines, and here remained until the evening of the 21st, when, again following the movements of the troops, we took up the line of march toward Bird's Mill, which place we reached on the morning of the 22nd .

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

