
From this point, after a short halt, we moved in the direction of Chattanooga, and upon our troops reaching Missionary Ridge the ordnance train was encamped near Chickamauga Creek, at which point we still remain.

The brigade went into action with 1,156 guns. They expended during the entire action 36,433 cartridges.

Respectfully submitted.

ALEXR. ALLISON, JR.,

Acting Ordnance Officer, Maney's Brigade.

Major JOHN A. CHEATHAM,

Chief of Ordnance, Cheatham's Division.

Numbers 251.

Report of Colonel Hume R. Feild, First Tennessee Infantry, commanding First and Twenty-seventh Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST AND TWENTY-SEVENTH TENN. REGTS.,October 3, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I submit the report of the part my command bore in the great battle of Chickamauga on September 19 and 20:

We arrived on the field on the 19th about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and were ordered forward to the relief of Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade, with instructions to occupy his position and hold it as long as possible. General J[ackson]'s brigade was driven from its position before we arrived to succor it, and we found where his lines were supposed to have been by seeing some of his wounded and from the nature of the ground. We halted on the crest of a hill with a gradual slope to the front of some 300 or 400 yards. of clear open woods. My regiment being on the right of the brigade, I detached the two right companies to check and advise me of any attempt to turn my right flank, this disposition being made under a heavy fire. In a few moments the two companies, under Captain Atkeison, were driven back upon the regiment by a charge of a brigade of the enemy on my right flank, which compelled my right wing to be thrown back at a right angle with my left. In this position we held the ground for two hours, I think, battling with as many of the enemy as could possibly be brought to bear upon us. We occupied the position after our ammunition was completely exhausted, and then did not retire until the left wing of the brigade had been driven from the field by a movement of the enemy upon its left flank, compelling me to retire with my command. We brought from the field with us, or assisted in bringing off, a gun of one of our batteries that had been abandoned by all but two of its men, who were vainly making every effort to limber it up. I think the gun belonged to General Forrest's command.

The conduct of a great majority of my officers and men was gallant and cool, the soldierly bearing of my color-guard being unsurpassed. My field and staff officers did their whole duty nobly.

On September 20, we lay in line of battle nearly all day out of reach of the shells. Late in the evening we moved some 2 miles to the right, when we were ordered to advanced and charge the works

