
half east of Webbville, encamping my two brigades on the left of the road in one line, with my right resting on the same. My position is a good one naturlly, and I shall immediately strngthen it by works as soon as I can lay out the lines. My headquarterws are at the house of Mr. Rouse.

I am, major, very resepctfuly, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 49. Rouse's plantation, N. C., March 24, 1865.

I. The division being now permanently encamped, the troops will be governed accordingly. Agood substantial line of works, with abatis in front, will be erected to- morrow along the entire of ront of the line, brigade commanders selecting the high ridge ground in their resepctive frnts and extending their works so as to cover their front when formed in single line. The pioneers will construct an embrasure battery for four guns on the ground as now occupied by the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, te embrasures opening two direct to the front, and the remaining two covering in the direction of the flanks. The regular camps will be established, the regulation limits being asssigned to each regiment, and care will be taken after the camps are once formaed to have them cleanly policed eahch day, and all refuse matter carried off and buried. Sinks will be dug in front of each regiment, and the men will be required to invarialbe make proper use of them, no offal being permitted int he vicinity of the cmps. The men will at once be set to work thouroghly cleaning their arms and accouterments, aiming to have them in the very bvest condition in the shortest possible time, as drills, inspecitons, &amp;c., will be ordered as soon as the encampment is well established. The attention of brigade and regimental commanders is also called to the fact that the troops are not wearing the hair as ordered by regualtions. Each enlisted amn will be required to have his hair cut as prescribed.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - There will be no ditch made inside the works, but one will extend along the entire front. The earth taken out will be used to strengthan the emabankment.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED. H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutat-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISON, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOOSHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to report that this division broke camp this morning at 7 a. m., marching to this point, arraiving at 12 m. and encamping about one mile east of town. My headquarters are at a small house about half way from town to the cmap of my division.

I am, resepctfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Major- General.

