
reports all that is left, horse, foot, and dragooons at 20,000, much demoralized. We hope to reduce this number one-half. I shall push on to Burkeville, and if a stand is made at Danville will in a very few days to there. If you can possibly do so push on from where you are and let use see if we cannot finish the jot with Lee's and Johnston's armies. Whether it will be better for you to strike for Greensborough or nearer to Danville you will be better able to judge when you receive this. Rebel armies now are the only strategic points to strike at.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: I now inclose you a copy of my orders* precribing the movement hence for a position on the Roanoke. The movement begins on the 10th, as I promised, and by the 12th we weill be fairly under way. Our railroads have worked double what I calculated, because the track is so level that a locomotive can haul twenty-five caris instead of ten or twelve, as in upper Georgia. We now have enough of bread and small stores for our wagons, and I am hurrying up Crutf's Provisional Division from Tennessee ; also the men who belong tot his army who had been sent to Savannah and Charleston. We can use the railroad to bring up the last; the others are marching. I get nothing from you-not a word since I left you-and am of course impatient to know what Lee proposes to do. I hear nothing satisfactory from Johnston. We find Wade Hampton's cavalry on the roads to Weldon and Raleigh, but evidently only watching us. They have made no efforts to strike our railroads anywhere. I shall expect to hear the effect of your move on Dinwiddie before I get off but shall not wait.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

General HALLECK:

DEAR GENERAL: I send by Sergeant Rose my report. + I could not wait for subordinate reports, but expect to get all in this week. We start on Monday or Tuesday for the Roanoke. Johnston is between me and Raleigh, near Smithfield. My supplies have come up finely. I hope you will read my report in connection with the map, and the orders sent to General Grant and Adjutant-General, all of which I presume reached you. I think the march was made skillfully and well. The bearer has some things for Mrs. Sherman, but I don'tg knw if she is in Chicago or South Bend. If John Sherman or Mr. Ewing are in Washington they will know. If you cannot put him in possession of the means of finding out, please telegraph to Mrs. Shrman so that the sergeant may go straight. We are all dead broke here; no paymaster, and none expected. The sergeant has a furlough to go to Iowa. If

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 48, p. 102.

---------------

+See Part I, p. 17.

