
adapt their thoughts and feeling to the new order of things, which will soon efface the dread ravages of war, and make Louisiana the safe guardian of the outlet of the mightiest river on earth.

With great respect, your friends and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

U. S. STEAMER SHAMROCK,

District of the Sounds of North Carolina, Meherrin River, near Murfreesborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: We arrived at this place day before yesterday evening (3rd), having encountered no resistance. There are about 100 cavalry in and about this town, but they do not show fight. This seems to be all the troops in this vicinity. Colonel Sumner was unable to pass through this place as he intended, the bridges being burnt over small creeks in his way, but he is pushing on toward Weldon. The last I heard of him was that he was in Jackson. (This was from negroes.) Another force of our troops is reported at Boykins' Depot, on the Seaboard Railroad, also moving toward Weldon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. MACOMB,

Commander, Commanding.

MOREHEAD, April 5, 1865.

Major DAYTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I leave here for Goldsborough at 11 a. m. to-day.

L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 48. In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Confidential to army commanders, corps commanders, and chiefs of staff departments:

The next grand objective is to place this army with its full equipment north of Roanoke River, facing west, with a base for supplies at Norfolk, and at Winton or Murfreesborough on the Chowan, and in full communication with the Army of the Potomac about Petersburg, and also to do the enemy as much hard as possible en route.

I. To accomplish this result the following general plan will be followed, or modified only by written orders from these headquarters should events require a change:

First. On Monday, the 10th of April, all preparations are presumed to be complete, and the outlying detachments will be called in, or given directions to meet the next march. All preparations will also be complete to place the railroad stock back of Kinston on the on road, and below the Northeast Branch on the other.

Second. On Tuesday, the 11th, the columns will draw out on their lines of march, say about seven miles, and close up.

Third. On Wednesday the march will begin in earnest, and will be kept up at the rate, say of, about twelve miles a day, or according to the amount of resistance. All the columns will dress to the left, which is the exposed flank, and commanders will study always to find roads by which they can if necessary perform a general left wheel, the wagons

