
to be escorted on to some place of security on the direct route of march. Foraging and other details may continue as heretofore, only more caution and prudence should be observed, and foragers should not go in advance of the advance guard, but look more to our right rear for corn, bacon, and meal.

II. The Left Wing, Major-General Slocum commanding, will aim straight for the railroad bridge near Smithfield, thence along up the NeuseRiver to therailroad bridge over Neuse River northeast of Raleigh-Powell's-thence to Warrenton, the general point of concentration. The Center, Major-General Schofield commanding, will move to Whitley's Mill ready to support the Left, until it is past Smithfield, when it will follow up substantially Little River to about Rolesville ready at all times to move to the support of the Left; after passing Tar River to move to Warrenton. The Right Wing, Major-General Howard commanding, preceded by the cavalry, will move rapidly on Pikeville and Nahunta, then swing across to Beulah and Folk's Bridge ready to make junction with the other armies in case the enemy offers battle this side of Neuse River about Smithfield, thence, in case of no serious opposition on the left, willwork up toward Earpsborough, Andrews' Bridge and Warrenton. The cavalry, General Kilpatrick commanding, leaving its incumbrances with the Right Wing, will push as though straight for Weldon, until the enemy is across Tar River and that bridge burned, then it will deflect toward Nashville and Warrenton, keeping up a general communication with general headquarters.

III. As soon as the army starts the chief quartermaster and commissary will prepare a resupply of stores at some point in Pamlico and Albemarle Sounds, ready to be conveyed to Kinston or Winton and Murfreesborough, according to developments. As soon as they have satisfactory information that the army is north of the Roanoke they will fortwith establish a depot at Winton, with a sub-depot at Murfreesborough. Major-General Schofield will hold, as heretofore, Wilmington, with the bridge across Northeast Branch as an outpost, New Berne-and Kinston as its outpost-and will be prepared to hold Winton and Murfreesborough as soon as the time arrives for that move. The navy has instructions from Admiral Porter to co-operate, and any commanding officer is authorized to call on the navy for assistance and co-operation, always in writing, setting forth the reasons, of which, of necessity, the naval commander is the judge.

IV. The general-in-chief will be with the Center habitually, but may in person shift to either flank where his presence may be needed, leaving a staff officer to receive reports. He requires absolutely a report of each army or grand detachment each night, whether anything material has occurred or not. Often the absence of an enemy is a very important fact in military prognostication.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

New Berne, April 5, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Moreahed City:

Please inform mewhat news there is from General Grant in the papers of April 1 and later, or from any other source. A rumor of a severe battle has reached us, but nothing definite.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

