HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morehead City, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

The following extract from the New York Herald of April 1 is the latest news from General Grant:

The Second and Fifth Corps moved from teir works on last Wednesday morning, their places before Petersburg being supplied by portions of the Army of the James, from thenorth side of James River. Sheridan's cavalry also participated in the same movement. The route of march was to the southwest for some distance, and then diverged to the northwest toward the South Side Railroad. The Second Cops met with no opposition. Slight resistance was made, however, to the Fifth Corps on reaching Gravelly Run, but the enemy was soon driven away and the stream crossed. A short distance beyond it the rebels were found in a strong position, and about an hour and a half, and resulted in driving the enemy from the field. Generals Grant Meade, and Waren were present during the engagement. Union loss 250; 100 rebel prisoners were taken. The rebels were believed to be in strong force in the vicinity of Gravely Run, and a heavy battle on the next day (Thursday) was expected. Heavy firing in the direction of the front was heard on that day at City Point, from 10. 30 a. m. till 1. 30 p. m., indicating that this anticipation had been realized, but the latest dispatches received give nothing definite regrding the matter. General Sheridan was last heard of at Dinwiddie Court-House, supposed to be aiming at the South Side Railroad. He had met with but little opposition.

Very respectfully,

NICHOLAS W. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

I. The general commanding having returned to duty, Brevet Brigadier-General Woods will reassume command of the First Brigade of this division.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods:

FRED H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Major W. C. Hawley, One hundred and tenth U. S. Colonel Infantry, is hereby announced as provost-marshal of this division, vice Carper, relieved by virtue of being ordered North on special duty, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announed as corps staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain G. A. Lyon, Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, acting chief quartermaster; Captain F. W. Clemons, commissary of subsistence, acting chief commis-

