HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Goldsborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

General HAWLEY,

Wilmington:

We will be all ready here on the 10th. The New Berne road has worked admirably, and brought us full supplies already. Your road can be used for sending up the troops destined for this army. See that General Doge understands this and uses the road up to Monday next to bring up men, as also such forage and stores as are still needed by Generals Terry and Schofield.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

P. S. -Headquarters incumbrances can remain. Forward only good men for battle.

W. T. S.

WILMINGTON, April 5, 1865-5. 45 p. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's Depot:

To furnish 500 men for duty between Magnolia and Northeast takes every man for duty that can be found in camp, and I cannot relieve my guard. I have only 100 men across Brunswick and 100 at Northeast. In case aof disturbance I could only call in my city guard, provost guard, and picket. I do not think it safe thus to strip the city. Convalescent and others cannot help, as we are hurrying all such to the front.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Campbell, Goldsborough.)

WILMINGTON, April 5, 1865-5. 50 p. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's:

Colonel Atwell will get across Northeast this evening with 500 men. Major Grant will take Herman's and perhaps Cypress Creek. Atwll can do all the rest by Friday night. I have not communicated with General Schofield, having nothing to say except what you thought it useless to say. I do not suppose I can get more troops, though this staggers ame and leaves me feeble here. Your dispatches not yet received.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WILMINGTON, April 5, 1865-7. 45 p. m.

Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Terry speaks of Order Numbers 20, which I have never seen. Under his suggestions I have started 500 men for Northeast, but it does not leave me a single man not on duty; nor have I even twenty-five on any one post in the city to put down a riot.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

