
must let Him work out the drama to its close. I have not been in Charleston since we parted, then captain and lieutenant, in the spring of 1846, but I can see it in imagination almost as clearly as you behold it with your eyes, and though I may be far away, you may think of me as standing by your side, ready to aid you with labor to achieve the end I know you strive to attain, not to pull down the sacred fabrick of our Government, but to improve it and to strengthen it, so that the good and the brave will seek the shelter of its flag, and the evil and treacherous shall flee to other lands.

Your lieutenant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 5, 1865.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHGLREN,

Commanding South Atlantci Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith an official copy of General Orders, Numbers 50, current series, from the War Department,* directing the old flag to be riased on Fort Sumter, on the 14th instant, with suitable ceremonies; also a copy of a letter from Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, U. S. Army. + Either myself or my chief of staff will be in Charleston in two or three days to perfect the preliminary arrangements and confer with you on the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIFTEEN MILES FROM GEOGETOWN,

April 5, 1865-4 p. m.

General HATCH,

Charleston:

I wish you would send some more subsistence stores and cartridges to Georgetown that I may have something to draw on in case I have to send the transports back for an additional supply, or if they have to move up another river to meet me. Please also send the inclosed dispatch to General Gillmore.

Yours, respectfully,

EDWARD R. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 5, 1865-1 p. m.

General ROBERT ANDERSON,

New York:

The Secretary of the Navy was authorized and requested to extend invitations to all officers, &amp;c., in his Department, but on your suggestion special invitations will be given the persons named, except Commander Gilliss, who died a few weeks ago.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 34.

+See March 28, p. 51.

---------------

