HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsboeough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this command broke camp near Flling Creek at 7 45 this a. m., and, following the Fourth Division, marched to and through Goldsborough, encamping at 4 p. m. about one mile east of the town. The position of the command is as follows: Five regiments of the First Brigade and tow of the Second are in line fronting east, the right of the former connecting with the Irst Division and the left of the latter restingh on the north Carolina Railroad and connecting with the Fourth Division. One regiment of the Second Brigade is in r3ear of the reminder as reserve. The artillery is about 100 yards in rear of the caenter and the trains the same distance in rear of the left of the First Brigade. These headquarters are on the suth side of the KIinston road and about 500 yards in rear of the infantry line.

I am, major, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servatm,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQARS. LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 30. In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

* * * * * *

III. Corps commanders will send all their available wagons to kinston, strarting at daylight to- morrow, m for the purpose of bringing forward supplies. One regiment fromeach corps will be sent to guard its train. The trip to Kinston should be made in one day and the return trip in tow days.

IV. All negroes conncted with the corps not wmployed by Goernment or by officers will be sent to Kinsotn with the train.

V. As soon as the wgons now on the way from Kinsotn to this point with supplies are un0aded they will be sent back under a proper guard.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERMS CAVALRY COMMAND,

In the Field, Mount Olive, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississipp:

GENERAL: I hava arrived at Mount olive. The country is full of forage. General Atkins, with his brigade, is at Clonton, gathering in supplies fromthe country to bring to this point. Ihae three mills in successful operation; intend to grind corn in the cob for my aniumals; caorn meal and four for my men. Atrin of cars was here day before yesteday; none of my people sw it. Please have an engine and such cars as can be found to carry away my wounded and suplus sotres, and to take down my commissary of subsistence and quartemaster to Wilmington for supplies. I understand that he Sevcenth Ohio and several other regiments of cacalry are with Major- General Schofield.

