
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 6, 1865.

For the coming campaign the supply train of the corps will be loaded four-fifths with subsistence stores and one-fifth with quartermaster's stores. The commissary train will be loadea as follows: Fifteen days' coffee, five days' sugar, twenty days' salt; the balance of the train to be loaded with hard bread, forty boxes to each wagon. In the quartermaster's train will be carried 5,000 extra paiers of shoes for the corps, the balance of the train to be loaded with forage. The trains will be loaded at once, and the officer in charge will be held responsible that they are well loaded, and only with authorized articles. Private baggage belonging to teamsters, &amp;c., will not be allowed. After the train is loaded it will be minutely inspected by both brigade and division commanders and all unaauthorized articles thrown out. On the ensuing march the men will start with subsistence stores as follows, to be carried in haversacks: One and a half days' salt meat (to last three days), three days' hard bread, ten days' sugar, ten days' salt. It is probable that the campaign will be thirty days in length, and the supplies must be husbanded tolast that time. The issues by the commissaries will be regulated accordingly. The same amount of ammunition will be carriedas on the previous campaign, both in wagons and on the persons of the men.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, April 6, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Mount Olive:

I have reports from New Berne, brought by General Carl Schurz, that General Grant took Petersburg last Monday; that General Weitzel then took Richmond, with 500 guns and 25,000 prisoners; that Generals Grant and Sheridan are pusuing Lee toward Danville. This will alter our plans. We must move on Raleigh. Be all ready. I think Johnston is still near Smithfield. We must hit him hard.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, April 6, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's:

General Grant has captured Richmond, with a large number of prisoners, and is forcing Lee toward Danville. This will change our plans somewhat. Let Hawley relieve your post at Northeast, and you can hold the others for the present. General Sherman will order Kilpatrick to clear out the rebel cavalry.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

8 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

