
FAISON'S STATION, April 6, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Your dispatch is received. Hawley must already have his party this side of Northeast, but I will tell him to delay and come no farther up than Burgaw. He puts on 600 men-25 at Northeast, 50 at Rockfish Creek, 200 or 250 at Magnolia, and the remainder in charge of 20 or 30 each. I should be very glad to have my men here one day in order to see if their equipments have been properly attended to. I suppose that you still wish me to be prepared to move from here on Monday. If so, I should like to get my men here on Saturday night. To do so the posts at and below Burgaw should move up to-morrow, and those south of Magnolia the next day.

A. H. TERRY,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., April 6, 1865.

Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Schofield's letter of March 28, with instructions concerning captured property, now for the first time known to me, most gratefully received to-day. B. M. Richardson has been to Elizabenth, and looked with his own eyes upon some of Hampton's cavalry. Citizens say the whole of it is there, some of it on the north side of the river with four pieces of artillery. They call it about 2,000. Two of Hampton's men in Federal uniform came into Wilmington last Monday as spies. He also reports that the Wateree bridge, beyond Kingsville, S. C., is rebuilt; that they between Florence and Kingsville rolling-stock enough for 30,000; that they have been very busy there, and they keep strict guard to hol all engine drivers and railroad hands.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,April 6, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Sherman for his information.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., April 6, 1865-11. 25 a. m.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's Station:

General Schofield telegraphed me last night that I could defer sending up troops till Friday or Saturday, and I stopped Atwell, supposing that you also had been notified. I had already sent for part of Fort Fisher garrison, and am sending for a part of Caswell. I will startAtwell early Saturday.

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

