
The enemy should not in any event be allowed to repair the roads about Columbia, but railroads are of less importance than locomotives and cars. It is not sufficient to burn cars, the driving wheels and trucks should all be broken and axles bent, boilers punctured, rods, cylinder heads broken and cast into deep water, and connecting rods bent and hid away. I don't know what force you have left, but I judge 2,500 prisoners, 500 guns. General A. P. Hill killed. Lee in full retreat on Danville, with Generals Grant and Sheridan in full pursuit. Joe Johnston is between me and Raleigh, and I will be after him as soon as I get my wagons loaded. Time is now the thing, and don't exaggerate the difficulty, but go right at it, and the difficulties will disappear.

Truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 6, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAGHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Charleston Harbor:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, informing me that the honorable Secretary of the Navy has transmitted to you the President's order directing the old flag to be riased on Fort Sumter on the 14th instant with suitable ceremonies. You also inform me that in conformity with the invitation to the naval forces to patricipate in the ceremonies of the occasion, communicated to you by the War Department though the honorable Secretary of the Navy, you will assemble near the fort such vessels of the squadron as can be spared from duty at other places; that you will land a party of seamen and marines with their officers, and be present your self with a number of officers of the squadron. You also propose to leave the details of the celeberation to our respective chiefs of staff. I had yesterday the honor to write you inclosing a copy of the President's order, and also of General Halleck's letter of instructions to me upon the subject, and stating that either myself or my chief of staff would be in Charleston in two or three days to perfect the preliminary arrangements and confer with you upon the matter. As you had already, before relieving my letter of invitation, determined the general outline for the participation of the naval forces in the ceremonies of the occasion, I have directed my chief of staff to proceed to Charleston and arrange with you the details for such participation. In accordance with the suggestions of the honorable Secretary of War, as contained in a letter dated March 28, ultimo, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose, I shall arrange to have the ceremonies open with prayer. Brevet Major-General Anderson will then raise the flag. The salutes directed by the President will next be fired, after which the Reve. Henry Ward Beecher will deliver the address indicatedin the order. The ceremonies will be appropriately interspersed with music, and will be closed by prayer and a benediction. I have the honor to invite you to designate a chaplain from your command to offer the closing prayer and benediction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

