HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., April 6, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: A command consisting of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, a section of artillery, under General Hartwell, marched this morning from Four-Mile House toward the Santee. All the cavalry having gone with General Potter I was unableto send any with General Hartwell. Esign Neil left on the Anna Maria about 4 a. m. on the 4th instant to report to General Potter. At 6 a. m. same day the Achilles with the tin-clad in town left for Georgewotn. The tin-clad was not in running order but took up a gang of workmen, and would be in running order in twenty-four hours. You wrote me to send Colonel Frazzar to go with General Potter; no such person has been here. All the preparations will be completed for the flag-raising on the 14th. The flag-staff had been prepared in anticipation of the orders, and was raised yesterday. The topmast will be up to-day. If possible the dock will be built. I send down to-day the and will not be out of hospital for a couple of days. The verbal instructions received through one of your aides to send an officer to Hilton Head to receive the cipher was forgotten until too late. The instructions relieving me from any control over General Potter's force and directing me to do everything in my power to aid him are received. General Hartwell has instructions to communicate with General Potter and assist him as far as possible. This place being, however, nearly stripped of troops, I have instructed him not to cross the Santee River unless necessary to save General Potter's command from destruction. I suppose the "authority to call on me for help" does not convey the right to take my troops except in an emergency, and to save his own command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, April 6, 1865.

(Received 9. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegram is just received. I hope must sincrely that nothing will prevent your joining us at Fort Monroe. Do go if possible.

ROBT. ANDERSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 7, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Headquarters, North Carolina:

General Blair's organization of a colored regiment approved by you is also approved by the Department. The regiment will remain and be employed by you as you deem proper. You will give provisional certificates of appointment to the officers, to whom regular commissions will be sent when the chief of the bureau returns from Hilton Head.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

