HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to send you the report of Major-General Kilpatrick, and of Lieutenant Colonel T. G. Baylor, chief of ordnance, which I wish you to file with my report of the recent compaign. * Events progress so rapidly that we have scarce time to report them fully, but I will endeavor to get in the full reports of my army commanders before we start for Raleigh. I have not yet received General Grant's orders, consequent on the capture of Richmond and defeat of Lee's army before Petersburg, but I am so confident that I know his wishes, that my orders are all out for my entire army to move at daylight on Monday next, the 10th, for Raleigh. Before the capture of Richmond, of which I only heard yesterday, I was preparing to feigh on Raleigh and move across the Roanoke above Gaston, but now I shall move straight on Raleigh, repairing the railroad to that place. From Raleigh I can reach the Danville and Charlotte road about Greensborough, but I expect definite orders before getting off. I want my mails to come to Old Point, Dismal Swamp Canal, New Berne, Goldsborough, &amp;c., and have ordered General Easton to complete arrangements to that end. It is now important that I should have more rapid communication with headquarters than heretofore. General Meigs is now here, and will start for Washington to-night.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, April 7, 1865.

General EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster, present:

GENERAL: The success of our armies about Richmond changes the whole plan of our campaign. We have now to watch the enemy who is adrift and may turn up suddenly at unexpected parts. Therefore don't commit yourself to any system other than to perfect the details of our present base of supplies, Goldsborugh, with its two railroads. The army is so much interested in mails and small parcels that we will need such a line as, connected with others already established, will connect our army with the mail and express system of the United States. Please send a quartermaster inspector through to Old Point by New Berne, Roanoke Island, the canal, Norfolk, &c., and on his return let him make or suggest any improvements that will increase the certainty and regularity of such a line. At present some confusion may eixst, caused by the change in the lines of depratment, but I think this army, which includes the Department of North Carolina, has so much more interest in the line than the few about Norfolk Carolina, has so much more interest in the line than the few about Norfolk that you could establish a new connection from the channel straight for Old Point. Coming this way, preference should be given tomails, couriers, and general officers traveling on duty; afterward it could carry such quartermaster or ordnance stores as might be ordered. But in no event do I want a line of Government vessels to be usurped or

---------------

*See Part I, pp. 857, 180, respectively.

---------------

