
monoplized by a set of peddlers and traders The bult of supplies should come, of course, as heretofore, to Morehead City, with schooners and light-draft vessels to New Berne and Wilmington.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, April 7, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The bearer of dispatches arrived and left for Charleston, S. C. General Meigs left this morning for Goldsborough to see you. He has papers of the 3rd confirming the capture of Richmond. I am in receipt of the Herald of the 4th. It confirms the taking of 12,000 prisoners, and estimates the loss of the enemy in killed and wounded at 25,000. Your wishes shall be complied with.

GEO. S. DODGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

My headquarters from Beaufort have just arrived. I will get off books and papers for the Department at Washington as soon as possible and go to Goldsborough to-morrow. Does the Richmond news modify your plans? I have received yor confidential orders.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

APRIL 7, 1865.

General HOWARD, New Berne:

Yes. We move Monday, early, straight on Raleigh. I am now making instructions, and Colonel Strong can make the preparatory orders I want to see your report before it goes to Washington.

SHERMAN.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Right Wing:

GENERAL: The capture of Richmond makes a change in our plans necessary. We will move, early on Monday, rapidly on Raleigh, holding our roads from Goldsborough back, and repairing forward to Raleigh. Slocum will move straight on Smithfield and Raleigh, Schofield, in support with the Tenth Corps and cavalry, keeping south and west of the Neuse by Bentonville and Turner's Bridge. I want you to start Monday, early, byt Pikeville, Whitely's Mill, and Pine Level, prepared to join to Slocum's right in case the enemy fights about Smithville [Smithfield]; otherwise, to swing up along the Neuse to cross over at some point, hereafterto be determined-it may be as high up as Hinton's Bridge. Send one division, light, with all the mounted men you can spare, up as high as Nahunta Station, thence to join your wing via you can Beaulah and Folk's Bridge.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

