
In that case, I resepctfully request that the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry be ordered to report to me as soon as possible. I wish to get my command in hand and make it efecive. I shll make requisitions as soon as possible for horse equipments directuponLieutenant-General Grant's ordnance officer, and send them forward for approval at your headqrters. Captain Hayes, of my staff, who brings you this dispatch, will be able to answer all questions and bring any instructiosn you may have for me.

Very resspecrfully, your obedient servat,

J. KIPATRICK,

Brevet Major- General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, 1865.

General KILPATRTICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Yours of this date to the geneal- in- chief is recived, and he si much gratified that your command is in such good condition as to forage. Secure all you can. General Terry's command willbe posted at Fison's and must have use of the rialroad to supply it. All arrangements possible are bing made to the end that all troops shall be well supplied. I inclose an order of this date whch will give you a complete undestanding of the matter. * At present hthere is agood supply of subsistnece, clothing, &amp;c., atKinsotn, and if you will send yur spare wagons their 3eith the proper staff officers, Colonel Garber, acting chief quartermaste, will give youloads and all supplies that an be furnished. Tere is also a quantity of mail for the army there. I am, with respect, &.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Asistanty Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, March 24, 1865.

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Quartermaster, Washington City:

Please orde all vessels loaded with trasportation for the Twenty- third Army Corps to WIlmington instead of Morehead City.

J. M. SHCOFIELD,

Major- General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORHT CAROLINA, FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 9. In the Field, Goldsborough, March 24, 1865.

* * * * * *

III. For the better protection of the railroad lines and economy of railroad transportationduring preparations for the next campigh, the army will be distributed as follows, viz: General Terry will encamp his corps abut Faison's, open and protect the WIlmington railroad, and draw his supplies from Wlmington. He will use his cavalry to patrol the road wowad Wilmington, GeneralKiopattick's cavalry having been

---------------

*See Special Field Orders, Numbers 36, p. 7.

---------------

