HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 7, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

New Berne:

The general says you should make arrangements to start Monday morning at daylight.

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Major Leet has just arrived and will leave here at 6 p. m. for your headquarters with dispatches from General Grant.

J. T. CONKLIN.

NEW BERNE, April 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL:

Order by telegraph to leave one brigade at Morehead City, and move to the front with the other received. Of the Second Brigade, two regiments are at this place and three at Morehead City. Of the Third Brigade, two regiments are at Kinston guarding quartermaster's stores and four at Morehead City. If approved, I will send the two regiments here to Morehead City by rail, leaving Second Brigade there, and move with Third Brigade, taking up the two regiments at Kinston on reaching there. I have no transportation or ambulances.

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, April 7, 1865.

Colonel MARKLAND,

New Berne:

I have thought over mail matters. Give publicity that all mail matter for Sherman's army should come to Old Point, via Baltimore. Have an agent there to see that all bags are sent to Roanoke Island and New Berne, there to be distributed. Should Imove up the Roanoke it will be easy enought to defelct the mails after I get off. The probabilities are now that we will continue in connection with the coast at some point of North Carolina all the campaign. Mails for Charleston and Savannah might also come this way, leaving Adams Express to carry the mail matter by ocean. The quicker you get a regular daily or tri-weekly mail through the less bulky will the maisl become and the work of reading letters and answering them be beter distributed. I will instruct General Easton to send an inspector hence to Old Point to inspect and improve the route hence to Old Point, with a view to make it regular and prompt. Mail matter and carriers to have preference of carriage, and all citizens or goods debarred the privilege. If you have any suggestions make them now.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

