
ner's Bridge. I want you to move on his left front and if possible reach the railroad between Smithfield and Raleigh. Disable it slightly-enough to prevent its use for a day or so-and than act against the flanks of the enemy should he retreat on Raleigh. I think the bulk of the enemy's cavalry is between us and Weldon. As soon as you cut the railroad you should keep up a communication with Terry's left, but you may act boldly and even rashly now, for this is the time to strike quick and strong. We must get possession of Raleigh before Lee and Johnston have time to confor and make new combinations forced on them by the loss of their capital and the defeat of their principal army about Petersburg. You can send your wagons to the nearest infantry column. I think you had better move by Troublefield's, Lee's, and Elevation, crossing Middle Creek as high up as the Gulley Station road.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Center:

GENERAL: The capture of Richmond makes unnecessary our move against the Roanoke. We will move, and that with rapidity, on Raleigh, reparing and holding the railroad to that point. General Sllcum will move Monday at daybreak, straight for Smithfieldand Raleigh. The Right Wing by Pikeville and Whitley's Mill, with a division swinging round by Nahunta and Beulah. I want you to support General Slocum with the Twenty-third Corps, keeping a pontoon bridge here at Goldsborough, and laying another at Cox's, and let the Tenth Corps move straight from Faison's to Bentonville and Turner's Bridge. The cavalry will also be on that flank, and will strike the enemy in flank and break the railroad partially about Gulley's, provided the enemy awaits our attack this side of the Neuse. You may depend on General Slocum's Dispose your troops detailed for the railroad guards to cover the roads from Goldsborough back, giving most care to that from Goldsborough to Morehead City. Winton and Murfreesborough are now no longer needed and you can recall them.

I am, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIFE ENGINEER,Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel TWINING,

Chief Engineer Dept. of North Carolina, Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: You will put down the canvas pontoon bridge over the nesue River at the same point that you had the wooden pontoon bridge. The bridge is to be left in that place until the army moves.

By command of Major General W. T. Sherman:

O. M. POE,

Captaina of Engineers, Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army, and Chief Engineer Military Division of the Mississippi.

