HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Moseley Hall:

To avoid any misunderstanding on the subject, the general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to retain command of the First and Second Division until the corps is united again.

Very respectfully,

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAISON'S STATION, April 7, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

I have just received Special Field Orders, Numbers 48, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, April 5, 1865. I suppose from your telegram of yesterday morning, directing me to hold the posts on the railroad for the present, that it has been modified by events. Please inform me if there is any definite time at which it is now expected that my corps will be in Goldsborough.

A. H. TERRY,

Major-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, April 7, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Faison's:

The modification of Order Numbers 48 has not yet been issued, but you will probably not have to come to Godsborough. All are, however, to be ready to march on the 10th. Please have your troops-concentrated at Faison's at that time.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, N. C., April 7, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will move early Monday morning, the 10th, for Bentonville and Turner's Bridge, making from twelve to fifteen miles per day so long as you meet no serious opposition. Cox will move in support of Slocum by the riverroad, north side. I will be with Cox for the firs day or two at least. I will aly the pontoons at Cox's Bridge and communicatew ith you via that point until we get a crossing above. Please report to me regularly every night. You will want with you five days' rations of bread, coffee, and sugar, and three of meat in wagons, besides the usual three days' in haversacks; also sixty rounds of ammunition in wagons. Other supplies will follow General Cox. I send you a copy of General Sherman's order that you may know the general plan. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Sherman to Schofield, p. 123.

---------------

