
FIVE MILES FROM KINGSTREE,

April 7, 1865-6 a. m.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I reached this point last night. The enemy yesterday destroyed the bridge over the Black River at this point, to prevent our advance to Kingstree. Another bridge is burning beyond, probably the railroad bridge. A few guerrillas have been in our front. I shall make for the place last mentioned in our conversation, where I have reason to think the object can be accomplished. I send the cavalry this morning to Murray's Ferry toorder the boats farther up and will communicate with them afterward. We have destroyed considerable cotton and rosin, and are beginning to get horses and mules. I am in too much haste to send a longer dispatch in cipher.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 7, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that General Hartwell, after he opens communication with General Potter on the Santee River, shall remain there until he hears the result of General Potter's operations at the front, so as to be in position to help General Potter if he is forced back to the river.

You will keep General Potter supplied with rations, seeing that he uses them very frugally and lives as far as possible on the country. You will, if possible, use the steamer Houghton for this purpose. General Hartwell must not wait until General Potter is annihilated; but if General Potter needs and call for the men of General Hartwell's command they must go across the Santee and help him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff, Department of the South.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 7, 1865.

Major BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

MAJOR: I have the honor to respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding this department to the sanitary condition of the city of Charleston.

During the rebellion very little attention has been given to the police of the city, and since the bombardment commenced there has been total neglect, especially in the lower part of the city. Buildings have been burned and partly destroyed, cellars have been uncovered and filth has acccumulated in the streets and yards to such an extent that without the most active efforts on the part of the authorities a severe epidemic can scarcely fail to occur during the ensuing summer.

The importance of effecting the removal of the filth of the city before hot weather can scarcely be overestimated, as the disturbing of decomposing matter during great heat is a most fruitful source of danger and disease. I would therefore respectfully suggest that the inhabit-

