
ants of the city, white and colored, shall be compelled, for their own safety, to contribute to the immediate policing of the city and the removal of the offal beyond the city limits.

I would also respectfully recommend that 1,000 barrels of lime be required for by the quartermaster of the department, to be used during the summer in the department for disinfectng purposes, and that in Charleston especially disinfectants be freely used. The filling in and disturbing of large bodies of earth are found to be productive of disease. The reports on the edpidemis of the city of Charleston in former years clerly show the deleterious consequences folloing the digging down of high places and the using the material thus obtained to fill in low places. I would respectfully suggest that the fortifications about the city be disturbed as little as possible during hot weather; that the contraband population as little as possible during hot weather; that the contraband population of the city who are not employed be removed to the islands, and there provided for, thus avoiding the danger from a too dense population, and that the clearing the streets of the city shall, if possible, be completed by the 1st of May.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER PINEO,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 10, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding Northern District, Department of the South, who will take immediate and efficient steps to have Charleston throughly policed. Lime must be freely but judiciously used. Existing fortifications must be disturbed as little as possible. The new works on the Neck must be pressed forward to completion, and if General Hatch has not sufficient soldiers, and cannot hire sufficient laborers for these works and for cleaning the streets, he will impress sufficient men to accomplish these objects. The defense and health of thecity must be alike secured. This paper will be returned with report of action indorsed hereon.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1865.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters.

Every effort is being made to thoroughly police the city. All the unemployed men of the city are impressed for the purpose, as well as all carts, wagons, and animals. Colonel Pineo, in conversation with myself, stated that the filling up of the excavations in the battery was an important sanitary measure, with which opinion Surgeon Clymer coincided. I would respectfully requrest that the order from the department commander forbidding it may be revoked. There are no disinfectants in the city. The work on the fortifications is suspended to a great extent for want of troops. Laborers cannot be obtained sufficient to clean the streets. Over 1,000 able-bodied men have been taken from here to put in the army, leaving women and children to the number of over 5,000 without means of support, their natural protectors not having sent them any of the money of support, their natural protectors not having sent them any of the money which it is presumed was given them as bounty money. Lime is very much needed. The troops of this district are worked as fully as any in the U. S. Army.

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding,

