
ordered by the general- in- chief to occupy the space between Geenral Terry's right and the Neuse. The FIrst and Second Division, Twenty- third Army Corps, will be stationed at short distance north of the Kinston railroad, covering the roads leading toward Moseley Hall and Kinston. Major General D. N. Cuch will command the two divisions, and will post them so as best to protect the rairoad. Colonel Savage will report to General Cuch with his regiment of cavalry for patrol and scuting duty. General Cuch's troops will draw their supplies by wagons from kinston. The Third DIvision, Twenty- third Army Corps, will remain in its present position. General Carter's division will form the immediate garrison of Goldsborough and will furnish all the gaurds and fatigue parties required abojut the etown and depots. The two divisions will be comanded by Major General J. D. Cox. The troops will be fully clothed and qupped and prepared in all resepcts for an active campaign as soon as possible. Staff officers will at ocne make requisitions for all supplies necessary for the complete equipment of the troops.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier-General Dodge, chief quartemaster, is charged with the execution of this orde of the geenral- in- chief relative to the base at Wilmington and the line from Wilmington to Goldsborough, so far as devolves upon the quartemaster's department. He will consult with Colonel W. W. Wright and co- operate with him in putting the railroad in working order inthe shortest possible time. General Dodge is authorized to take possession of all mahcinery, tools, and other property, public or private, at Wilmington and along the line of the road which can be used in the execution of his orders. The engineer battalion of the Twenty- third Army Corps will reconstruct, inth shortest possible time, the railroad bridges over the Norheast River and the creek near WEilmington. General Terry will cause ties to be cut and ddistributed along the track to replace such as are decayed.

VI. The commanders of all detachments of troops arriving at Wilmington, New Berne, or Morehead City will reportto the district commander at Wilmington or New Berne, who eill have such troops forwarded to their resepctive commands without delay. Troops coming to the front will be required to march. in no case will the railroad be used for their trasportation. Officers commanding troops serving temporarily in the DIstrict of Beaufort, in connection with the geenral depot of supplies, will make the customary returns to Brigadier-General Palmer, commanidn g the distrit. Such troops will be borne on the district returns as temporarily attached.

By command of Major- Geenral Schofield:

J. A . CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant- General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General HARLAND,

Kinston, N. C.:

Order the troops of General Terry's comma; and to leavethe cars at Kinston and march to Faison's.

By order of Major- General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

