
WAR DEPARTMENT, OFFICE OF MIL. DIRECTOR AND SUPT. OF RAILROADS, U. S.,

April 8, 1865.

C. L. McALPINE, or

J. J. MOORE,

U. S. Military Railroad, City Point, Va.:

If the vessels loaded with engines and cars sent from Alexandria have not been unloaded at City Point send them at once by steam to Morehead City or New Berne; also send from City Point or Richmond two engines and thirty cars, narrow gauge, in addition to that afloat, if it is possible for you to spare it. Say to General McCallum, if within your reach, that the whole programme at New Berne has been changed since he left that point, and General Sherman requires us to send them as soon as possible 6 enginees and 100 cars, narrow-gauge stock. The Norfolk roads will not be used. Answer promptly.

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Per. W. H. WHITON,

In Charge.

CIRCULAR.] ARTILLERY HDQRS., MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

Chiefs of artillery are hereby notified that the horses intended for the artillery remounts, which wee expected toarrive several days ago, have been delayed en route until it is now too late todistribute them. It is therefore recommended that chiefs of artillery make immediate application to their army or corps commanders for such additional horses as necessity demands, to be taken from escorts, orderlies, the ambulance corps, or wagon trains.

WILLIAM F BARRY,

Bvt. Major General and Chief of Artillery, Mil. Div. of the Miss.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

Captain W. H. MACOMB, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Squadron, Albemarle Sound:

DEAR MACOMB: You have, of course, heard of the defeat by General Grant of Lee's army at Petersburg, and consequent occupation of Richmond and Petersburg. I have letters from General Grant, of the 5th, from Wilson's Station, on the road toward Burkeville, stating that he is pushing the pursuit after the retreating army. This changes our whole plans, and I will move straight for Raleigh instead of making for the Roanoke. We will not, in consequent, have any use for Winton of Murfreesborough, and if General Schofield has sent any troops up to Winton he will recall them and use them to cover our railroads. I expect to march on Monday, the 10th, on Raleigh, and maybe Greensborough, and give you thisnotice that you may not be disappointed in the recall of troops from the Chowan. So far as my operations are concerned for the next month, all I ask is that the sounds and channels leading up to New Berne and Kinston be patrolled by the gunboats. Hoping to meet you again soon,

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

