
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 85. Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

I. The amount of ammunition to be carried on the coming, campaign will be 180 rounds per man of infantry, and 250 per gun of artillery. Of the infantry ammunition sixty rounds per man will be carried upon the person and the remainder in wagons; the 250 per gun will include that carried in the chests. Corps and division allotted for this purpose, estimating the weight at not more than 2,000 pounds to each wagon.

* * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 19. Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel Maxwell Woodhull, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Carpenter, chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel S. D. Nichols, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ross, chief of artillery; Major R. Niccolls, medical director; Major J. M. Woodworth, medical inspector; Major F. C. Gillette, provost-marshal; Major John S. Hoover, senior aide-de-camp; Major A. C. Perry, acting aide-de-amp; Captain C. J. Dickey, commissary of musters; Captain William B. Pratt, aide-de-camp; Captain L. B. Mitchell, aide-de-camp and acting ordnance officer; Captain F. F. Whitehead (assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers), additional aide-de-camp; Captain O. C. Powleson, commandant of ambulance corps; Lieutenant Francis M. Taylor, acting aide-de-camp. Permanent headquarters, at which all surplus desks and office furniture will be left, are hereby estabished at New Berne, N. C. Captain H. N. Wheeler, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned as in change. He is hereby authorized to act, in the absence of the commanding general, upon all questions requiring immediate attention.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 41. Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

I. Brigadier General G. S. Greene, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty, is assigned to the Fourteenth Army Corps, and will report to Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps, who will assign him to a brigade in General Baird's division.

* * *

IV. The following movements are ordered for Monday, April 10: The Twentieth Corps, with only such wagons as are absolutely necessary, willmove at daylight toward Smithfield, taking the left or river road. The Fourteenth Corps will move at daylight, taking a road to the right of the one taken by the Twentieth Corps. The two advance divisions will be unencumbered by wagons. Both corps will march

