
at least twelve miles, if possible, before campaing. The train of the Twentieth Corps will follow the train of the Fourteenth Corps, stating as soon as the latter is well drawn out on the road. The pontoon train will follow the Fourteenth Corps.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

This command will move on the river road toward Smithfield at daylight on the 10th instant, as follows: First Division, Second Division, Third Division. Each division will take its ambulances, tool wagons, and ten ammunition wagons. The remainder of the train, with the exception of four artillery ammunition wagons, which will accompany the artillery, will follow the trains of the Fourteenth Army Corps, in the following order: Corps supply train, artillery ammunition train, First Division, Second Division, Third Division trains. Each division will march two brigades in advance of the portion of their train accompanying them, using the other brigade to cover their train and the artillery accompanying them. General Ward will march one regiment as rear guard, and detail one regiment to accompany the trains following the Fourteenth Corps. Two batteries of artillery, with the ammunition wagons, will precede the trains of the First Division, one battery and train of the Second Division, and one the train of the Third Division. One medicine wagon of the First Division will accompany the column.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, April 8, 1865-12 m.

General KILPATRICK,

Mount Olive:

I now have official intelligence from General Grant of the defeat of Lee's army and occupation of Petersburg and Richmond. He is pursuing the fragements, represented at 20,000, toward Danville. We move on Monday rapidly on Johnston toward Raleigh. I sent your orders last night, and now repeat the substance. Move early on Monday by Troublefield's Store, Lee's, and Elevation to strike the railroad between Smithfield and Raleigh. General Terry will move via Bentonville and Turner's Bridge. The main army takes the main road, crossing the Neuse at Smithfield. Now is the time for your cavalry to work on the flanks and rear of Johnston. I think Wheeler is between this and Weldon. I think Butler's division has been sent back to South Carolina. I hear of them between Wilmington and Florence. Wade Hampton is about Smithfield, where I also suppose Johnston to be, though he may have moved back toward Raleigh. Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

