
MOUNT OLIVE, April 8, 1865.

General SHERMAN:

I will move is directed. I did not receive your orders of last evening. Am all ready, save the saddles expected from New Berne. Shall go without them if they do not arrive in time. Spencer is anxious about his leave. He can go as well as not. I have a good officer to take this place. Please indicated to me the points at which messages will be most likely to reach you from time to time. I shall operate boldly and do all the mischief possible.

KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 7 [8?], 1865.

General KILPATRICK:

Spencer can have his leave. You can communicate with me here till Monday. I will then keep with General Slocum's left corps near

Cox's Bridge, and be near Smithfield Tuesday; afterward on the main road to Raleigh, not far from the head of column. General Sheridan has done great service against the retreating infantry, cutting off and capturing whole brigades of infantry, artillery, and wagon trains. Of course I would like you to have new saddles, but time won't wait. I will have the telegraph and railroad keep up with me, and shall habit-bridge here and at Cox's. Terry's command will be your support until we are all across the Neuse at Smithfield, when General Slocum will be the left, and General Schofield, with General Terry, the center; General Howard the right. I intend to push to Greensborough as fas as I can so consistent with ordinary prudence.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Goldsborough, N. C., April 8, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, War Department, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Major General Thomas H. Ruger, commanding First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, may be assigned to duty with his brevet rank.

I am, Mr. Secretary, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW BERNE, April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The two regiments of Second Brigade will move to-morrow as soon as transportation can be obtained. Two regiments of Third Brigades proceed to Goldsborough by rail to-night; two more to-morrow, and the two at Kinston join them. I shall go up on first train on which I can get transportation.

H. W. BIRGE,

Brigadier-General.

