
coming in every day and annoying us greatly. May I ask thatyou will instruct the boat as follows: Permit no persons whatever to go out who has not a pass signed by, or by order of, Brigadier-General Halwy; permit no person to come in who has not a similar pass, or except deserters from the rebel army, and Federal soldiers. Soldiers of either army coming in, unless they have passes from General Hawley, should be sent to town under guard and delivered to the military guard or to Lieutenant-Colonel Randlett or General Abbott or myself. If any really starving women and children come along, let them in. I feel anxious to have all the outposts well guarded. About a week ago two of Hampton's cavalry came into Wilmington and went out again, dressed in Federal uniform.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that hehas ordered the balance of the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Chipman commanding, from Svannah to Charleston. They will probably reach you to-day on the Coit. The rest of this regiment is already with General Potter. If you can send Colonel Chipman's command out to General Hartwell with a reasonable prospect of its reaching him safely, you will do so. You will in such case instruct General Hartwell to communicate, if possible, with General Potter, and inquire whether General Potter desires Colonel Chipman's command to cross the Santee and join him. If General Potter does not desires this addition to his force, Colonel Chipman's command out to General Hartwell with a reasonable prospect of its reaching him safely, you will do so. You will in such case instruct General Hartwell to communicate, if possible, with General Potter, and inquire whether General Potter desires Colonel Chipamn's command to cross the Santee and join him. If General Potter replies affirmatively to this inquiry, General Hartwell will send Colonel Chipman's command forward to General Potter. If General Potter does not desire this addition to his force, Colonel Chipman will remain with General Hartwell. The major-general commanding thinks it desirable that General Potter's force be increased by this addition, and desires to impress upon you the necessity of a prompt and hearty co-operation by General Hartwell with General Potter, in case the latter is pressed and compelled to fall back toward the Santee.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff, Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 8, 1865.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY,

Commanding Post of Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: Before the publication of General Orders, Numbers 26, current series, from these headquartes, the major-general commanding, accord-

