
ing to the usages existing previous to such order, gave Mr. Alexis Bragg a permit to introduce goods into Hilton Head, which were to be taken thence and sold at Charleston. Upon this Mr. Bragg cleared a schooner from the North for Hilton Head. Under stress of weather she put into Charleston, and the papers relating to her cargeo were subsequently brought here. An indorsement was put upon them authorizing the cargo to be retained at Charleston upon payment to the military authorities of the 1 per cent. department tax imposed by General orders, Numbers 5, current series, from these headquarters, and of all custom-house charges which would have been paid to the Treasury Department had the goods arrived at this place and then cleared from here to Charleston. The major-general commanding learns that some difficulty has been met by Mr. Bragg in getting his goods landed at Charleston. The permit having been granted and the goods purchased and shipped, it is not just that loss and delay should be incurred, and you will see that they are landed and that Mr. Bragg receives the same permision to sell them at Charleston which other authorized tranders receive thereat. If there was any fraud on the part of the shipmaster taking his vessel into Charleston instead of bringing her here, you will assist the Treasury offices in detecting and punishing the same. But you will not allow innocent parties to suffer by any technical delays. You will consult with the Treasury officer at Charleston in regard to this and endeavor in enforcing this order to harmonize your action with his. It is desirable for the public good that whenever the Treasury and military authorities act upon the same subject they should act in unison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Savannah, April 8, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

SIR: My flag-of-truce boat returned yesterday. General Young, commanding at Augusta, wishes not to receive any more of those going out until a week from next Thursday, as he cannot remove the torpedoes from the river before that time and thinks it too dangerous to attempt to run there. Unless the general directs to the contrary I will send General Young word to-morrow that the next boat will leave here a week from next Thursday.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

OLD POINT COMFORT, April 9, 1865-6. 40 a. m.

(Received 7. 15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

We arrived here at 3. 15 a. m. and had a very pleasant trip down. The President left here for Washington at 5 this morning. I shall telegraph again when the Arago arrives and when we sail.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

