
MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,

Near Cox's Brigade, N. C., March 24, 1865.

The command will march at 6 a. m. to- morrow, General Ames' division leading. The trains, with the exception of the ambulance train, will move between the divisions. One regiment of General Paine's division will march behind the ambulance train. Two battalions of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry will form the advance gaurd; the remaining batttlion the rear guard. No trasportation other than that issued by the quartemaster's department will be allowed to precede any of the wagons of the train, all carts, buggies, and captured wagons following the regular army t rasportation.

By command of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,near Cox's Bridge, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. AMES,

Commanding Second DIvision, Twenty- fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed byt eh major- general commanding to inform you that he has gone to Goldsborough to see the department commande, and thatthe command of the troops devolves upon you durintg his absence. General paine has been notified that such is the case. General Terry expects to return this aftenoon.

I have the honor to be, general, very resepctfully, your obedient servant.

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WILMINGTON,Wilmington, N. C., March 24, 1865.

Mr. B. M. RICHARDSON,

Brunswick County:

SIR: I learn that there are many peo; oe of Brunswick, Bladen, Columbus, and adjoining coutnies, who desire to protect themselvws against guerrillas or stray Confederate forces. Some of these man have been in the Confederate service. By all menas let themdefend themselves and their homes. If these citizens desire to sustainthe old unon they have our sypathy and shall have our aid, so far as our active duties elsewhere will permit. They will do their counties and State and the Union good service if they will keep that region clear of Confederate forrces and informus of thir approach. They may organize as much as they choose for mutual protection. Should they at any time be hard pushed let them make thir way to ur lines and they shall be welcome. Yu know that if deserters from Confederte service come within our lines and take the oath they will be paid for the arms and equipments they bring, and then can have free passage and rations to any point within our lines, bu I cannot, under my orders, permit them after coming in to run outside of our lines again.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Briigadier- General, Commanding.

