
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 86. Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

* * *

II. The Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General John A. Logan commanding, will move at 5 a. m. to-morrow with three divisions by the road via Pikeville toward Whitley's Mill, reaching a point within three or four miles of that place. One strong division, unencumbered of trains, with all available mounted men of the corps, will move to nahunta and turn to the left toward Beulah, making as much distance as possible. Unless orders to the contrary are received this column will rejoin the corps the following day at or near Folk's Bridge.

III. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General F. P. Blair commanding, will move at 7 a. m. toward Whitley's Mill by the road to the left of the Pikeville route. The mounted infantry of the corps well advanced will as frequently as possible communicate with the Fifteenth Army Corps.

IV. These headquarters and the bridge train will move with the Seventeenth Army Corps. One strong regiment will be detailed as rear guard to each corps.

* * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

I. The flags hereinafter described will be used to designate corps, division, and brigade headquarters, and will accompany the several commanding officers on the march, and in action will deisgnate the position to the troops and to the commanding officers.

II. Headquarters of the corps: Flag, silk or bunting, give feet six inches fly, five feet, hoist; field quartered with division colors-red, white, blue, and yellow-with yellow fringe; in center of field, corps badge, and cartridge-box, regulation size, with the inscription over the box in gilt letters, "Forty rounds. "

III. First. Headquarters First Division: Silk or bunting, same size as corps flag; field red, fringe yellow; with corps badge, the cartridge-box, in center of field, with motto above the box. Second. Headquarters Second Division: Silk or bunting, same size as corps flag; field white, fringe yellow; with corps badge, the cartridge-box, in center of field, with motto above the box. Fourth. Headquarters Fourth Division: Silk or bunting, same size as corps flag; field yellow, fringe lighter shade same color; with corps badge, the cartridge-box, in center of field, with motto above.

IV. Brigade flags to be swallow-tailed, five feet from the peak to end of swallow tail, and three feet to the fork, four feet five inches on pike. The field of the flga will be of the division color, and besides fringe, it will have a border of one of the corps colors other than the particular division color in the order of the brigade, for instance: First. First Brigade, First Division, field red, border white, fringe yellow, cartridge-box equidistant between pike and fork of swallow tail, motto above box. Second. Second Brigade, First Division, field

