
division color, border blue, fringe yellow, corps badge as in First Brigade flag. Third. Third Brigade, First Division, same as First Brigade flag, border yellow.

V. The corps badge remains as announced in General Orders, Numbers 10, current series, from these headquarters, and will be worn by all the officers and men of this command. Division commanders will see that it is procured for the troops, and it is made the duty of the inspectors-general of the corps to report all cases of disobedience of this paragraph coming under their notice.

VI. All wagons and ambulances will be marked with their divisional badge, and corps headquarters supply train with headquarters badge. By command of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 51. Near Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

The troops of this division will be in readiness to march at 10 a. m. to-morrow, the 10th instant, via Pikeville, &amp;c., in the following order:

First. First Brigade Infantry, two regiments in advance, followed by the battery, and two regiments marching on the left of trains.

Second. Trains as follows: First, ambulances; second, trains of the advance brigade and pioneer corps; third, ordnance; fourth, supply train; fifth, trains of Second and Third Brigades in the order of their respective commands.

Third. Second Brigade Infantry, on the left of trains.

Fourth. Third Brigade Infantry, with two regiments, on the left of train, one in rear of same, and one in rear of First Division train as rear guard to the corps.

Orders in regard to straggling, pillaging, entering occupied houses, &c., must be enforced more strictly than during the campaign just closed.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general directs me to say that foraging during the campaign will be conducted according to the last instructions issued on the subject; that is, by regiments and brigades.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -It is allowable that such camp and garrison equipage as is now on hand can be carried on the coming campaign. In the order of march it should be stated that the rear guard of your corps shall move in rear of the whole column and train.

A. M. V.

