SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 91. Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

* * *

VI. This command will move forward to-morrow morning in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 86, army headquarters. The Third Division, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will have the advance and will move forward at 7 a. m. The First Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the Third Division. The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will follow the First Division. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move forward at 6. 30 a. m. The bridge train will follow the train of the Fourth Division. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith will detail one strong regiment as rear guard.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 81. Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

* * *

VI. This command will march at 6. 30 a. m. to-morrow promptly. The Second Brigade, Brigadier General R. K. Scott commanding, will have the advance, moving on the left of the road. The First Brigade, Brigadier General Charles Ewing commanding, will follow the Second Brigade. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery, Captain James Burdick commanding, will march in the road in advance. Four ammunition wagons will follow the battery. The ambulances of the leading brigade will follow these four ammunition wagons those of the rear brigades will follow the supply trains. Division headquarters train, including escort company, pioneer and ambulance corps, will follow the ambulances of the leading brigade, to be followed by the train of the brigades and regiments. The hospital train will follow that of the rear brigade. The ordnance train will follow the hospital train. The supply train will follow the ordnance train. The above will be the habitual order of march for the trains until otherwise ordered.

* * *

By order of Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Goldsborough, April 9, 1865.

In accordance with Special Field Orders, No-, headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, this command will move at 8. 30 a. m. to-morrow or as soon as the road is clear, in the following order: First, the First Brigade, Brigadier General B. F. Potts commanding, each regiments followed by its wagon and ambulances; second, battery and wagons; third, headquarters train First Brigade; fourth, headquarters train of Fourth Division and mounted battalion; fifth, Third Brigade, Brigadier General W. W. Belknap commanding, with wagons and mabulances as the First Brigade, sixth, headquarters trian of Third Brigade; seventh, train pioneer corps; eighth, train pioneer battalion; ninth, hospital train of Fourth Division; tenth, cattle eleventh, ordnance train; twelfth,

