
supply train. Brigadier General W. W. Belknap will detail one strong regiment for rear guard. Same order of march will be observed unless otherwise directed, except the brigades will alternate.

By order of Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith:

AD. WARE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Left Wing, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I send your report, with inclosures, to Washington to-day. I have read carefully yours, Davis', and Williams', and regret I have not time to critically examine all of the reports of your division and brigade commanders. I do not find a specific list of anmes recommended for brevet or promotion. You ought to make a fari selection, for it is impracticable that I should do this from the record, nor can General Halleck or the Secretary of War. I will cheerfully indorse any specific recommendations you may make, and they had better be made now, as we may not have another chance soon. In order that you may be satisfied I extract from my letter of to-day to General Halleck, and authorize you to communicate the same to the parties interested. * Some of your colonels deserve promotion, say Selfridge, and others. Please give me their names and credentials to-day if possible.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 12. Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

The following-named officer is announced on the staff of the major-general-commanding: Captain R. M. McDowell, One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers, chief topographical engineer.

By command of Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., April 9, 1865.

Major DECHERT,

Chief of Staff:

MAJOR: The difficulty of getting artillery horses is very great in this army, certainly in my corps. Now passing my headquarters are many ambulances of the Nineteenth and Twenty-third Corps drawn by excellent artillery horses. Cannot some arrangement be made to get them? All my ambulances are drawn by mules. Please lay this communication before the general commanding for his information.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 418.

---------------

