
on the following day. It goes to Sumterville first, and I expect a good account of it. You may hear from it sooner than I do. If a few hundred horses and equipments could be sent here it would, in my judgment, be a most advantageous expediture. I shall endeavor to moun a small force on captured horses, but do not expect to accomplish much in that way. I am forwarding the men that belong to your army as fast as transportation can be procured for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 9, 1865.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Charleston Harbor:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received dispatches from General Sherman announcing the occupation of Richmond and Petersburg by our forces. The date when is not given, byt General Sherman's letter was written on the 16th instant. Lee was in full retreat on Danville, with General Grant and Sheridan in close pursuit. The rebel General A. P. Hill was killed, and General Grant has already reported the capture of 12,000 rebel prisoners. The rebel gun-boats on the James were blown up. Five hundred guns were reported as captured. Congratulating you on his glorious success,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL DIVISION,Sumterville, S. C., April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I have destroyed at the railroad station at this place 3 locomotives, 2 tenders, 3 passenger-cars, 5 freight-ars, and capenter and car shops, containing a large amount of unfinished work, and 12 full sets of carpenter tools, new; the blacksmith's shop, the machine-shop, containing 3 stationary engines, 2 turning lathes, 2 planing machines, punching and drilling machinery, and a large stock of tools and material, together with the officers and 7 new buildings put up for quarters for the employes of the road, and about 1,000,000 fee of lumber. The freight depot and store-houses I left standing until the commissary stores they contained could be removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES E. PLACE,

Major, First New York Volunteer Engineers, Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that dispatches received from Major General W. T. Sherman last night

