
Canby. They can have no possible hopes now, and it is utterly useless to waste any more blood. If Johnston will surrender as Lee has I presume you will give him the same terms. Beauregard, Bragg, and Hardee deserve no consideration. I congratulate you on your great marches and able combinations. You speak in your note of advancing north to the Roanoke. I presume that the next day you heard of the fall of Richmond and changed your line upon Raleigh and Greensborough. Stoneman, on the 31st ultimo, was at Statesville, and by this time should have rescued our prisoners at Salisbury, and have destroyed the railroad toward Greensborough. Should Johnston fall back on Danville he will be hopelessly hemmed in between you and Grant, and must surrender. It is believed that Wilson has taken Selma and is moving south to join Canby. We are fitting out Pope and Reynolds for operations west of the Mississippi. I hope in a very short time to be able to say and feel that the rebellion is virtually at an end.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 10, 1865 - 9. 30 p. m.

(Received 11. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Left General Sherman at Goldsborough on Saturday morning. He was to move upon Raleigh at daylight this morning. He reports his army better supplied and in better condition than ever before. Will push Johnston to the death. News of the capitulation of Lee was sent to him this morning ty three different steamers. I shall return via Richmond. Have a large steamer here for prisoners and a bearer of dispatches from General Sherman for General Grant-Major Leet.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 10, 1865 - 9 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington:

Sherman moved out toward Raleigh this a. m. We are following with line. Considerable firing heard all day at Goldsborough. McCutcheon and his instrument was captured yesterday at Magnolia, on Wilmington railroad, by rebel cavalry. I cannot possibly spare any operators just now. Would like to have few more, if possible. The complete change in programme made it necessary to bring Smith and party back with me. Everything working lively and well. John had to accompany General Schofield. Have I your permission to give Numbers 1 cipher to another operator should I find it necessary? No reports from sherman yet. Will keep you posted on affairs in this department. Will send Mack home in few days.

R. O'BRIEN.

