SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 92. Whitley's Mill, N. C., April 10, 1865.

The march will be continued to-morrow via Pine Level. The Third Division, Vbt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will have the advance and will move forward at 7 a. m. The First Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the Third Division. The Fourth Division will move forward at - a. m. and follow the First Division. The bridge train will follow the train of the Fourth Division. Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will detail one regiment to act as rear guard. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Hughes commanding, will move forward at 6. 30 a. m., and on reaching Pine Level will halt and await orders. The troops will move, if practicable, on the left of the train.

II. The troops will march on the right of the train instead of on the left, as ordered in Special Orders, Numbers 92.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 82. Goldsborough, N. C., April 10, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. This command will move promptly to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, in the advance. The First Brigade, Brigadier General Charles Ewing commanding, will have the advance, moving on the left of the road. The second Brigade, Brigadier General R. K. Scott commanding, will follow the First Brigade. The Fifteenth Ohio Battery will march in the road in advance. Ammunition wagons, ambulances, and trains as heretofore. The advance brigade will habitually be held responsible for the protection of the battery and all wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., in advance of the ordnance train, and will render any assistance necessary to the moving of this portion of the train. The rear brigade will in like manner be held responsible for the care of the ordnance and supply train. When the orders direct that the troops move by the side of the road, the trains must not be delayed by their getting into the road, and brigade commanders are requested to see that they are not so delayed.

By order of Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett:

J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Moccasin Creek, [April 10,] 1865 - 4 p. m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: We arrived here about an hour ago. Morgan has skirmished with a small force of cavalry four or five miles. They have used two pieces of artillery against him. Up to this point they have fallen back upon slight pressure. Morgan has lost 2 killed (one captain) and 5 wounded. The enemy are now on the other side of this creek with artillery and some barricades. The creek just at this point is bad, so far as crossing is concerned, but I have sent a brigade to the right as far as the railroad (about one mile and a half from here) and think I

