
eral Baird. Colonel Moore will move out his pontoniers and train at daylight, and will close up on General Morgan's rear. General Walcutt will move his command in the rear of the pontoon train, and will continue in charge of the trains as to-day. Corps headquarters will move with General Morgan's division.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atkinson's House, One Mile west of Moccasin Creek,

April 10, 1865.

Major R. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Georgia:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have encamped thirteen miles from Goldsborough, near the residence of Mr. Atkinson. We have had the First South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Black, in our front most of the day. They tore up the bridges over Moccasin Creek. I am encamped one mile from that stream toward Smithfield.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atkinson's House, One Mile west of Moccasin Creek, N. C.,

April 10, 1865.

This command will march to-morrow to Smithfield as follows: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. Second Division starting at 5. 30 o'clock, and the other divisions in time to close up to the train of the division preceding them. The disposition of the troops of each division will be the same as in the order of march of to-day.

General Williams will march one regiment as a rear guard. One section, unencumbered, of artillery will follow the advanced brigade; one section, one battery, and ammunition wagons will follow the Michigan Engineers; one battery precede the train of the Third Division, and one precede the train of the First Division. The troops of the Michigan Engineers will follow General Geary's second brigade in line. Their wagons will follow his ammunition train.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNT OLIVE, April 10, 1865.

General SHERMAN:

My command is moving out. Have you any further orders?

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

