
am at Atkinson's house, ten miles from Goldsborough. Cox is two miles in rear, and one of Slocum's corps some distance in front. There has been some firing in front to-day. I think Slocum has met nothing but cavalryu. Try to communicate via Turner's Bridge to-morrow evening. If you fail in that, or if anything important occurs during the day, you can send to me via Cox's Bridge. I will leave the pontoons there until we secure a crossing at Turner's or some point near by.

Yours, truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Brevet Major-General AMES:

GENERAL: General Terry directs me to say that at this corner will be the best place to detach that regiment, as the main road goes direct to Cox's Bridge. At turns of the route the trees will be blazed with an X in future by the advance to designate the direction of march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

WILMINGTON, April 10, 1865 - 4. 35 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Faison's Station:

Give me the news. Where are the trains? Have all trains been drawn back from Goldsborough? Are any rebels troubling the road between here and Faison's? What orders have you?

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

U. S. STEAMER PARKE,

New Berne, April 10, 1865.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I weighed anchor at 2 p. m. the 7th instant and proceeded down the Neuse River, leaving the Shrapnel at Kinston railroad bridge with instructions to convoy the General Shepley and her barges down. On my way down I passed the steamer Minqua and a barge burned the previous night. When I came up with the launch I had left behind I found that she had recaptured a barge laden with oats from the enemy, it having been set on fire but extinguished and taken by my launch's crew. I towd into New Berne the oat barge J. R. Gould, the schooner Telescope, and the schooner Zenith. The Telescope and J. R. Gould I have turned in to Captain Kimball, assistant quartermaster. Owing to the irregular mode of sending vessels from here to Kinston it is impossible that I can convoy all, as I have at present only two boats here-my own and the Shrapnel.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. FITCH,

Captain U. S. S. Parke, Commanding Army Gun-boat Squadron.

