
FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Charleston Harbor, April 10, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

SIR: In a communication from you of the 6th instant I am invited to appoint a chaplain of the Navy to offer the closing prayer at Fort Sumter on the 14th instant, and Chaplain Blake has accordingly been designated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 41. Hilton Head, S. C., April 10, 1865.

Friday next, the 14th instant, will be the fourth anniversary of the capture of Fort Sumter by the rebels. A befitting celebration on that day, in honor of its reoccupation by the national forces, has been ordered by the President, in pursuance of which Bvt. Major General Robert Anderson, U. S. Army, will restore to its original place on the fort the identical flag which, after an honorable and gallant defense, he was compelled to lower to the insurgents in Sousth Carolina, in April, 1861. The ceremonies for the occasion will commence with prayer, at thirty minutes past 11 a. m. At noon, precisely, the flag will be raised and saluted with 100 guns from Fort Sumter, and with a national salute from Fort Moultrie and Battery Bee on Sullivan's Island, Fort Putnam on Morris Island, and Fort Johnson on James Island, it being eminently appropriate that the places which were so conspicuous in the inauguration of the rebellion should take a part not less prominent in this national rejoicing over the restoration of the national authority. After the salutes, the Reverend Henry Ward Beecher will deliver an address. The ceremonies will close with prayer and a benediction.

Colonel Stewart L. Woodford, fief of staff, under such verbal instructions as he may receive, is hereby charged with the details of the celebration, comprising all the arrangements that it may be necessary to make for the accommodation of the orator of the day, and the comfort and safety of the invited guests from the Army and Navy, and from civil life.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL DIVISION,Sumterville, April 10, 1865.

[Major General Q. A. GILLMORE:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that we occupied this place last night. The enemy, with force of 700 or 800 men and two guns, made a stand at Dingle's Mill, three miles from here. The road at this point leads across a mill-dam with dense swamps on either side. He had thrown up a small battery and some rifle trenches unfinished. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael, with the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers and two companies of the Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel Brown's brigade, through the swamp on our left to get in the enemy's rear. This he succeeded in doing, carried the enemy's battery, capturing two field pieces and a battle-flag, and driving the

11 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

