
rebels in complete disorder from the field. We followed at once to Sumterville. The enemy tried to make another stand, but was easily driven, and we captured a third gun in town. Colonel Hallowell, with Second Brigade, had been ordered to turn the swamp on the right and strike main road between Dingle's Mill and Sumterville, but his guide failed him, and he did not get through, otherwise we should have captured the whole rebel force. Our loss is about thirty. We have destroyed three locomotives, a number of cars, the freight depot, passenger station, machiene-shops, buildings for employes, a million feet of lumber, and a quantity of Government stores. Major Webster, with his cavalry, proceeded to Manchester to-day and destroyed one locomotive and train, the railroad buildings, and some Government stores. Detachments of infantry have been sent up and down the railroad to burn such small bridges as are near here and any cars that may be on the road. More than 1,000 bales of cotton have been burned along our line of march, ant there are several hundred bales here waiting that process. I shall move to Manchester to-morrow to communicate with the transports, procure rations, and send off the wounded and contrabands. My subsequent operations will hang upon information gained there. There are six more locomotives between here and Camden. Trains have been running from Florence to the latter place. On our advance the enemy destroyed all athe bridges on the Black River. We crossed the Pocotaligo, River, or swamp, at Manning. The swamp is ceossed by a causeway a mile in length, with six bridges, all of which the enemy fired, but they were not effectually burned. One brigade was crossed on the string pieces which remained, and Major Place rebuilt the bridges during the night. The roads have been good, and the men have marched excellently, averaging from twelve to eighteen miles a day.

E. E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General H. PRINCE,

Commanding U. S. Troops en rote for General Sherman's Army:

GENERAL: You will proceed with the troops of General Sherman's army now under your command to Wilmington, N. C., and report to the commanding officer at that place for instructions or advice before desembarking your troops. The object is to get your troops to General Sherman's army with as little delay as possible.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General H. PRINCE,

Commanding U. s. Forces en route to Major-General Sherman's Army:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you disembark the troops now on the steamer Victor, and have such troops report to the provost-marshal-general of the department, to be taken care of by him until they can be sent north. You will turn the steamer Victor over to the quartermaster's department.

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

