HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., April 10, 1865.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Hilton Head:

Can you possibly give us a decent boat to take a pary of officers and ladies to the Charleston celebration? If you can do it you will greatly oblige me, as well as many other officers who have never been there. Please answer.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., April 10, 1865.

Captain F. W. WEBSTER,

Third U. S. Colored Troops, commanding at Fernandina, Fla.:

CAPTAIN: A detachment of 120 men of the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops is sent to re-enforce your post. The presence of a gun-boat in the river would probably be of greater use in preventing an attack than any additional infantry. A communication is made by the Oleander to department headquarters, suggesting that the naval authorities be requested to send one immediately. A petition to the same effect from the principal inhabitants would probably help it success. If you have any more definite intelligence as to a probable attack, you will send word by inland passage to Yellow Bluff as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. C. TILGHMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Smithfield, N. C., Numbers 53. April 11, 1865.

The movement will proceed rapidly, but also with due caution, on Raleigh:

I. General Howard, commanding Army of the Tennessee, will send one corps as rapidly as possible east of the Neuse to Raleigh, via Hinton's Bridge (the Neuse Mills). The other corps will move by Pineville and the river road, prepared dto cross over on the sound of battle by the bridge at Pineville or at Battle's Bridge.

II. General Slocum's column will be the column of direction, and will move straight on Raleigh, and, if possible, will use roads lying between Swift Creek and the Neuse, but if compelled to use the road across Swift Creek, will not follow it west of the road leading from Elevation to Raleigh.

III. General Schofield, commanding Army of the Ohio, will cross the Neuse at Turner's Bridge and take any road convenient west of the one prescribed for General Slocum, and be prepared to pass the enemy's flank if he attempts to hold an intrenched line, or to support General Slocum if he needs it.

IV. The cavalry, General Kilpatrick, will operate from the left flank of the army, and will, in case the enemy breaks or manifests disorder, pursue with vehemence.

