
V. All the columns may safely leave their supply trains well to the rear, and be ready to engage the enemy with strong skirmish lines whenever encountered. Should the enemy attack any one of the columns, it must hold him and all others must turn on his flank and rear.

VI. If the enemy retreats through and beyond Raleigh he must be pursued, but a new order of march will be prescribed from Raleigh.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pine Level, N. C., April 11, 1865 - 1. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Blair is here, his head of column at the swamp near by preparing a crossing. I expect General Logan is at Lowell Factory by this time, as he encamped about seven miles back from Whitley's Mill on the road to Pikeville last night. The roads are bad and need much work. Will General Slocum cross at Smithfield so that I can use the river road to Pineville? About 300 cavalry (rebel) left here this a. m., between 9 and 10 o'clock. A "galvanized Yankee" came in this a. m. He assisted in tearing up the railroad, and says that Jeff. Davis was at Greensborough four days ago. He says that Johnston claims to have 60,000 men. Quite a number of men have come down from Danville and a large number, reported at 18,000, from Charleston, said to have come by the Georgia Railroad. He says sthat Stonemant was at Salem, fifteen miles beyond Greensborough. I do not regard his reports with much credibility unless confirmed by other reports.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Smithfield, April 11, 1865 - 3. 30 p. m.

General HOWARD,

Pine Level:

GENERAL: Direct your columns on Pineville, but keep the division that went to Nahunta by the road high up, say, by Hinton's Bridge. I have a Raleigh paper of the 10th. It is utterly in the dark as to recent events about Richmond, and dwells on the idea that Lee evacuated, but citizens say they have not heard from Richmond for several days. This is accounted for by Grant being between Lee and the south. An article speaks of a review of Hardee's corps on the railroad, at which were present Johnston, Hardee, Cheatham, Hoke, and D. H. Hill; that was last Friday. I suppose Johnston to be about Walnut Creek, and may have infantry down as far as Auburn. I notice also a communication dated the Fifth Cavalry Camp, Nahunta Swamp. I think Wheeler is there; Wade Hampton here, and Butler gone back to South Carolina. Stoneman is raiding in the direction of Greensborough. Wilson whipped Forrest at Selma, took the town, burned the navy-yard and stores, and smashed up things generally. Forrest had three roads, but got on the Alabama and had ordered Montgomery never to surrender, although the people were scattering. It is prob-

