
will follow the leading division of the Seventeenth Army Corps. The pontoon train will follow the Seventeenth Army Corps, and General Blair will furnish a regiment for rear guard to that train. All yehicles not properly a part of the transportation of an army will be used under the direction of the division commanders for the benefit of the sick and wounded, and will move with the ambulance train.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Lowell Factory, April 11, 1865.

Captain VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that the troops and trains are crossing Little River as rapidly as possible, but the bridge is a slight affair and I fear may break down before the whole of the train of the corps has passed over; in that event we will have to build a new one. I have made my order of march for to-morrow, the advance line to break camp at 6 a. m. The citizens tell me that there is but one road, but I trust that I shall be able to find another leading to Pineville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN, A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pine Level, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note is just received by Captain Duncan. The roads this way are low swamps, and about as bad as they can be. I will leave the factory entirely to your discretion. As we shall probably repair the railroad it will be substadtially in our possession during the campaign. I have, however, asked the general-in-chief his wishes in regard to factories, mills, &amp;c., during the campaign, and will notify you as he replies. General Sherman directs that at least one division take the upper road to Pineville, and you can put more than one division on that road; move your whole corps if you find it practicable.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,April 11, 1865 - 7. 20 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: The bridge over Little River Broke down as soon as the battery of the Second Division commenced crossing and has just been rebuilt. I will get over two divisions of infantry and the trains of Hazen's division, but do not [think] that I can do more. The road has

