
command upon a road to the left of that pursued by the columns of Hazen and Smith to its point of intersection with the same, where I was compelled to halt until they had passed. Closing on Smith's rear a little before dark I moved forward to this point, making it about 11 p. m., having been compelled to corduroy much of the road, which was left almost impassable by the heavy trains which had already passed over it. My division has marched a distance of eleven miles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival at the swamp bridges by General Hazen and two brigades and a portion of my trains in bivouac. One brigade and a portion of my trains are yet three miles back and will not be able to make this point before midnight. The rear of the train of the Second Division is at this hour (9 p. m.) not threequarters of a mile in advance of my position. Were I to march the entire night my troops could not possibly make the river before 7 a. m. tomorrow, when the men and animals would be in no condition to continue the march. I have thrown one brigade and battery across the swamp with the trains and remainder of my command on this side strongly picketed and otherwise secure. I shall take up my line of march at 5 a. m. the 12th instant. My division has marched twelve miles, and four miles of that distance has been corduroyed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. In the Field, N. C., April 11, 1865.

I. The troops composing this division will be in readiness to march at 5 a. m. to-morrow, the 12th instant, via Lowell Factory. Brigades in the following order, viz: Trains in following order, ambulances, trains of leading brigade, pioneer train, ordnance train, train of center brigade, supply train, train of rear brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Hanna will march two regiments in advance (one as a working regiment), to be followed by the tool wagon, the remainder on the right of train. General Rice will move on the right of train, except one regiment to go to the front with the tool wagon. Colonel Adams will move one regiment on the right of train, and one in rear of same, and one rear of First Division train, relieving the Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers, providing the train gets up to this point, otherwise the Fifty-seventh Illinois will remain with the First Division train.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

