SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA, Numbers 43. Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865.

The movements of this army to-morrow will be as follows:

I. The Fourteenth Corps will cross the upper pontoon bridge over the Neuse River, starting as early as possible, and will march by the road through Iron Mine, Gulley's Station, and Auburn, encamping to-morrow night at or near Gulley's Station. The trains of the corps will march as heretofore.

II. The Twentieth Corps will cross the lower pontoon bridge over the Neuse River, starting as early as possible, and will march by the road leading in the direction of Leachburg, but turning to the right at the intersection of this road with the road running from Elevation to Raleigh. The corps will encamp to-morrow night at Swift Creek, nearly opposite Gulley' Station. The trains of the Twentieth Corps will follow those of the Fourteenth.

III. The pontoon train will remain at the river until further orders.

By command od Major General H. W. Slocum:

ROBT. P. DECHERT,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 29. Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows: General Baird, marching at daylight, will cross the Neuse River, by the upper pontoon bridge, take the road through Iron Mine, Gulley's Station, and Auburn, encamping at or near Gulley's Station. general Walcutt, maraching at daylight, will follow General Baird. He is relieved feom duty with the corps trains. General Morgan will take charge of the trains heretofore conductd by General Walcutt at their present camp, three miles in rear of this place, and will endeavor to park them at Gulley's Station to-morrow night. corps headquarters will ove with General Walcutt's division.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Mud, April 11, 1865.

Colonel McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: The roads are very bad. My pioneer corps, though doing all in their power, cannot put the roads in condition for the train. I would respectfully request that all the prineers of the other two divisions be put to work on the road between this point and the front. The Third Division train is back yet, but I have sent a strong party to it, and will give my personal attention to bringing it up.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. C. WALCUTT,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865.

This command will move to-morrow, crossing the Neuse River, and march on the Leachburg road to the intersection of the Elevation and

