
Raleigh road, thence north to Swift Creek, in the following order: Third Division, First Division, Second Division. General Ward will start his command promptly at 5. 30 a. m. ; the other divisions will start in season to keep closed up to the commands that precede them. The artillery will march, one battery in rear of the advance brigade of General Ward's division, one battery in rear of the advance division, one battery will report to General Williams, and one to General Geary to march with their divisions. The Michigan Engineers, with their tool wagons, will precede the column, starting at 5 a. m., and will repair the roads to Swift Creek, and the bridge over the creek. Colonel Yates, commanding Michigan Engineers, will leave here all of his wagons, except his tool wagons, to come on with the corps train. He will leave two companies with them, and will instruct the commanding officer to use these men to repair, as far as possible, the roads for the train. General Williams and GeneralGeary will each detail one regiment as escort for their division trains. They will join the train upon its arrival here, and move with it. The regiment now with the Third Division train will remain with it. The senior officer with the train will take the command and march it.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Division will march to-morrow morning at 5. 30 a. m., crossing the Neuse River, upon the Leachburg road, in following order: Second Brigade, battery, Third Brigade, trains, First Brigade. Colonel Case will cover trains. Reveille at 3. 30 a. m.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ward:

ROBERT E. BEECHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,In the Field, April 11, 1865 - 4. 30 p. m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: My advance to-night encamps on Middle Creek near Mr. Moore's house. I learn, which is known to you also, no doubt, that the rebel army is retiring on Raleigh. The bridges on Black Creek were all burned to-day by the enemy, forcing me to make a wide detour to the left in order to cross. My command is not sufficiently well up, owing to the long march and bad roads, to make a successful dash on the enemy's columns, even if I was within striking distance. Citizens and prisoners inform me that one corps of infantry and a considerable force of cavalry passed Gulley's Station during last night and this morning: a brigade of cavalry were holding the crossing over Black River, but left at our approach. I hardly think the enemy will make any stand this side of Raleigh. I have made long marches over bad roads, and as yet have found no forage. Citizens inform me I shall find plenty on the other side of Middle Creek. I shall cross Middle Creek and follow up the enemy, reporting everything of interest.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

