HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865 - 10. 30 p. m.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Please hereafter, in reporting your position, to use names on our map. "Moore's" on Middle Creek is not down. I suppose you to be abaout the mill without name. You may count on my being near Gulley's Store to-morrow night, and you may go as near Raleigh as you can. I have Raleigh papers of the 10th. Stoneman is raiding strong near Greensborough, and Wheeler is after him. A portion of Wade Hampton's cavalry is cut off over toward Weldon (Nahunta Swamp). I don't think Hampton has 2,000 cavalry with him, and this is your chance. I will push all the column straight on Raleigh. I don't care about Raleigh now, but want to defeat and destroy the Confederate army; therefore you may run any risk. Of course, don't break the railroad except to the rear (west) of Johnston, as we want the rails up to Raleigh. General Wilson has taken Selma and is threatenig Montgomery. He has whipped Red Jackson twenty-seven miles from Selma, and at Selma knocked Forrest all to pieces. Rebel papers report Forrest wounded in three places; Abe Buford to defend Montgomery with citizens; Dick Taylor ran westward from Selma; many cooped up in Mobile. General grant is between Johnston and Lee. They cannot communicate. Davis is at Danville.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865 - 9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have not heard from General Terry since 9. 30 a. m. He was then at Bentonville. The bridges were gone and the roads very bad, hence his march to-day must have been shorter than he ecpected. He will, I think, have no difficulty in getting up opposite Smithfield to-morrow. General Cox is eight miles from Smithfield to-night. Roads bad, and trains getting along very slowly.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865 - 10. 30 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD,

Near Fennon's Bridge:

GENERAL: General Slocum has two bridges down and will cross early and go to the point on the railroad twelve miles out known as Stalling's (Gulley's on our map). We have questioned the doctors and preachers, who all agree that our map is substantially correct and that there is but one road between Swift Creek and the Neuse until abreast of Gulley's. General Kilpatrick reports from Moore's house, on Middle Creek (not on our map), which must be up near Leachburg. He reports bridges burned. If in your progress you judge Johnston to be beyond

