
Raleigh, and no fight, you can go as far to the westward as you please, aiming toward Chapel Hill and Hillsborough. You are safe in leaving your wagons under small escort to follow until we are sure of Raleigh. General Howard's two corps are at Pine Level and Lowell Factory, and will keep well up on this side of the Neuse unless wanted. I would give yu the middle or direct road, but judge time important to save fortifying of the enemy, but will give you center as soon as you get Cox and Terry together. In reporting your position use names on my map, though incorrect.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Whitley's Eight Miles from Smithfield, April 11, 1865 - 6 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The head of my column has just reached this place, following close upon the pontoon train, which has made but slow progress. Couch's division is going into camp here. Ruger and Carter will not get quite so far up. The trains in advance leave the road in so bad condition that nearly all of it has to be repaired and very much of it corduroyed.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

P. S. - I would like to know whether it is needful to keep the pontoon train ahead of the infantry. It makes its progress more sure, but of course delays the column somewhat.

J. D. C.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Smithfield, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Major General J. D. COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours dispatch of 6 p. m. is received. The pontoon train moving before you to-day was a mistake, and it will remain in park to-morrow until after your column passes. The commanding general desires you to move forward to-morrow morning, but there is no occasion for special haste, as General Slocum will have to cross his troops and trains over the river in advance of you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Smithfield, April 11, 1865 - 9. 30 p. m.

Major-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to cross you corps to-morrow at Turner's Bridge. It will be necessary for the pontoon train to move in advance of you and it will be so ordered. You can

