
Smithfield to-morrow it will do very well. General Slocum has Smithfield, the enemy having, it is believed, gone to Raleigh. It will take all of to-morrow to get the army over the river, so if you get up to-morrow night it will do well wnough. Our roads are bad enough and yours must be worse. You will have to keep your trains with you and help them along. Turner's Bridge is destroyed. I will have a boat there this evening and a corier post this side so you can send to me that way. It may be necessary to send a pretty large detachment of mounted men. If I hear from you to-night I will send orders for to-morrow; but at any rate come forward as far as Turner's in the morning.

Yours, truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, N. C., April 11, 1865.

The corps will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the Third Division leading. The train will follow the leading brigade of the Second Division, and will be followed by the next brigade. One brigade of the Second Division will remain at this point until the arrival of the corps supply train from Goldsborough by way of Cox's Bridge, and will then move forward with it.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Bentonville, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Brevet Major-General AMES:

GENERAL: It will be necessary to halt or at least two hours to build the bridge. The major-general commanding directs that you mass your troops off the road, and send, besides Captain Adams' pioneers, 200 infantry for fatigue duty (all the axes available may be brought by them) at this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

NEW BERNE, April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of North Carolina:

I have the honor to request to be informed if it is the intention of the commanding general that Goldsborough should be included in the District of Beaufort. I ask this in order that the district can be properly subdivided and organized for defensed and that the returns, inspectins, &amp;c., can go in correctly by Special Orders, Numbers 25, of April 8, 1865, department headquarters. General Birge is in command at that place, and I presume he received special instructions that did not come through me.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

