
NEW BERNE, April 11, 1865.

General H. W. BIRGE, Commanding at Goldsborough:

General Schofield's order requires that one small regiment be stationed for the present at Moseley Hall. It is understood, I presume, that Goldsborough is included within the limits of this district, and unless you have a different understanding of the matter you will please send from you command the force to remain at Moseley Hall. Will you also please detail for a train guard one officer, two non-commissioned officers, ant twenty men to go with the morning trains from Goldsborough. I will direct the same guard to go from here on each morning train. These guards will return on the evening trains. The guards are only needed between this place and Goldsborough, and they need for the present be sent only on the regular morning and evening trains.

Very respectfully,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

KINSTON, N. C., April 11, 1865.

Brevet Major-General BIRGE, Goldsborough:

The One hundred and seventy-fifth Regiment, and the balance of the One hundred and twenty-eighth marched for Goldsborough this morning, at 8 o'clock, with the battery.

E. HARLAND,

Brigadier-General.

SINGLETON'S PLANTATION,

Near Manchester, April 11, 1865 - 8 a. m.

Major-General GILLMORE:

GENERAL: We marched from Sumterville yesterday to this point. Last night we captured and destroyed seven locomotives and forty cars. A mile of the Wateree treestle was burned and several small bridges. Major Webster returned this morning from Wright's Bluff, at which place the transports are. I send off to-day a very large number of contrabands, estimated at 2,500. They will proceed by the transports to Charleston. I also send my wagon train to bring back rations. The steamers are ordered to return to Wright's Bluf as soon as they shall have unloaded the contrabands. When the rations are received I shall move again, and I think shall be able to accomplish the object thoroughly.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

U. S. ARMED TRANSPORT AUGUSTA,

Wright's Bluff, Santee River, S. C., April 11, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report having received communications from General Potter by his cavalry. He is marching on this place, having had a fight at Sumterville, driving the enemy and capturing three pieces of artillery. The Federal forces on the south side of this river have seen nothing but a navy steam launch, which came up last night, reports them at a bluff about twenty miles from here below. As soon as I can get wood will send a steamer down there.

