
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, April 12, 1865.

General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

SIR: Understanding that your army is advancing on this capital, I have to request, under proper safe-conduct, a personal interview, at such time as may be agreeable to you, for the purpose of conferring upon the subject of a suspension of hostilities, with a wiew to further communications with the authorities of the United States, touching the final termination of the existing war. If you concur in the propriety of such a proceeding I shall be obliged by and early reply.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gulley's Station, N. C., April 12, 1865.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date, and inclose you a safeguard for yourself and any members of the State government that choose to remain in Raleigh. I would gladly have enabled you to meet me here, but some interruption occurred to the train, by the orders of General Johnston, after it had passed within the lines of my cavalry advance, but as it came out of Raleigh in good faith it shall return in good faith, and will in no measure be claimed by us. I doubt if hostilities can be suspended as between the army of the Confederate Government and the one I command, but I will aid you all in my power to contribute to the end you aim to reach, the termination of the existing war.

I am. truly, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gulley's Station, April 12, 1865.

All officers and soldiers of this army are commanded to respect and protect the governor of North Carolina and the officers and servants of the State government, the mayor and civil authorities of Raleigh, provided no hostile act is committed against the officers and men of this army between this and the city.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gulley's Station, April 12, 1865.

Governor VANCE:

If you conclude to remain in Raleigh you had better send some one out by the train to me as quick as possible, that I may make orders that will prevent any unnecessary confusion resulting from several heads of column wiwth necessary skirmishers coming in and through

