
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 25, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

I have invited Henry Ward Beecher to deliver an address on raising the flag upon Fort Sumter, and will give direction to General Gillmore to make all suitable military arrangements for the occasion and fire a salute of 500 guns. The flag will be raised by General Anderson. Please let me know I these arrangemetns have your approval. What does Geenral Grant say about Yeatman! I congratulate you and General Gran on the operations of to- day.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington CIty, March 25, 1865. (Received 8. 35 p. m.)

Lieutenant- General GRANT:

General Cruft's force is on the road between paarkersburg and Baltimore. Mr. Garrett complains that the trasportation has been and is greatly delayed and endangered by Cruft's continual interference with the arrangements made by the company for working the trains. Cruft's excuse is that he does not know where he is to go. I have no knowledge on the subject. Please let me know what you want done with him and I will see to it promptly.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865- 10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Whashington:

General Cruft was orderrd to New Berne. I think steamers are now in readiness for him in Washington, but General Halleck can advise yiou on this po9int. Colonel Parsons was sent West to look after the trasportation of Cruft's commal; nd. His excuse that he does not know where he is going is frivolous.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865- 10. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M . STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

General Schofield recommends, and I approve, the appointment of General Cox to the command of the Twenty- third Corps. He also asks the organization of the balacne of the troops in his departmetn into a corps under General Terry. This will be of great advantage to his command. I would suggest that Terry's corps be called the Tenth.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 25, 1865- 10 a. m.

Lieutenatn-General GRANT, City point:

The troops for Sherman's army passed Cincinnati on the 20th for Washongton. have been delayed by loss of railroad brides. Vessels

