
GOLDSBOROUGH, April 12, 1865 - 6 p. m.

Brigadier-General EASTON,

Morehead City:

The following communication* to General Grant just received from General Sherman with directions to telegraph from Goldsborough and steamer to Old Point, and telegraph from there. An original sent by courier on train this p. m. General Sherman occupied smithfield without opposition last evening. Says he will be at Raleigh to-morrow p. m. Army all right.

H. W. BIRGE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 54. Smithfield, N. C., April 12, 1865.

The general commanding announces to the army that he has official notice from General grant that General Lee surrendered to him his entire army on the 9th instant at Appomattox Court-House, Va. Glory to God and to our country, and all honor to our comrades in arms, toward whom we are marching. A little more labor, a little more toil on our part, the great race is won, and our Government stands regenerated after four long years of bloody war.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Pineville, N. C., April 12, 1865 - 1. 45 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: General Logan arrived at this place with one division. His corps is well closed up. The roads are different from map. Watson's Mill is at Pineville, and General Logan reports but one road from Folk's Bridge across. General Blair will encamp about three miles back. Johnston's army was on this road near Mitchener's Station. He left day before yesterday. His cavalry left yesterday. There was very little cavalry in our front to-day. a citizen said that Johnston reviewed his command near his house a few days since, and that it took about two hours and a half for it to pass by the flank. The ground along the river is higher and the roads begin to grow better.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Gulley's, April 12, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your note from Pineville, 1. 45 p. m., just to hand. I am directed by the general-in-chief to answer. This column move steadily along, skirmishing with Hampton some little, and are now camped here in good order. Mower is abreast and Kilpatrick on the enemy 's flank

---------------

* See 5 a. m., p. 177.

---------------

