
and rear three miles and a half from Raleigh. Information gained would seem to indicate Johnston retreating to Greensborough. As I write the general is in conversation with ex-Governors Graham and [Swain] and the surgeon-general of North Carolina, just come in on a train from Raleigh, peacefully. The report the railroad cut between Greensborough and Danville, and Jeff. Davis dispatches Governor Vance that the disaster to Lee was the worst possible. Kilpatrick seems to have Hampton in a measure cut off, or tight pressed, and his operations promise well. He is picking up a considerable number of Hampton's command. The general desires you to reach Raleigh to-morrow.

I am. general, yours, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. (Private)-The party from R [aleigh] is some seven or eight, delegated by Governor Vance. Johnston would not let them come at first. They are loyal, of course.

Yours,

L. M. D.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 89. Pineville, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move his command to Hinton's Bridge (Neuse Mills) to-morrow, starting at 5 a. m. Two divisions will move on the direct or river road and the other two divisions via Eagle Rock. The two columns will start simultaneously, if roads can be found or made. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, starting at 8 a. m., will move on the river road to Battle's Bridge. One section of the pontoon train will move up to-night and the officer in charge report to Major-General Logan, who will move it as near the head of his column as practicable. The other section will move with the Seventeenth Army Corps, and the officer in harge will report to Major-General Blair, who will move it as near the head of his column as practicable.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Pineville, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Captain VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee.

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from reconnoitering the roads leading to Neuse Mills, and find both of them plain roads. It will be impossible to move the corps to the forks of the road by any other road than the one on which I am encamped; but I may move two columns through the fields, and will clear this point before the Seventeenth Corps can reach it in the morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

