HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Pineville, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that in comphance with your orders I left my camp at the forks of the Smithfield and Pineville roads this morning at 6. 30 o'clock, moving out in the direction of Pineville. I have met with no opposition during the entire day, the cavalry in my front driving the rebels before them with but little trouble. In compliance with your instructions I moved very slowly, corduroying the road well as I passed over it, so as to afford an easy passage for the trains. I reached Pineville between 2 and 3 o'clock, going into camp about one mile and a half beyond the town, selecting a good ridge on the right of the Raleigh road and encamping my division in line, with my headquarters adjacent to those of the Fifteenth Army Corps. My division has made twelve miles since leaving camp this morning. No casualties are reported me for to-day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Pineville, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this command broke camp at Lowell Factory at 6 o'clock this a. m. and marched fifteen miles on Pineville road, encamping at 5 p. m. one mile and a half north of town. The division is encamped in line on the west side of, and the right resting on, the Pineville road. The artillery is parked in rear of the left of the First Brigade. The trains are in rear of the left of the First Division. These headquarters are near a small house in rear of the left of the First Brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Pine Village, N. C., Numbers 54. April 12, 1865.

1. The troops of this division will march at 5 a. m. to-morrow on the Eagle Rock road. Brigades in order of First, Second, Third. Trains same as to-day, except the train of the center brigade will move in advance instead of in rear of ordnance train. Troops will march on the right of trains, except two regiments in advance and one in rear. General Rice will throw forward one regiment with two wagons to repair roads.

* * * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

