
part of division commanders to push the column forward as rapidly as possible and to keep it well closed up. Each division will be accompanied by its ammunition wagons, and its ambulances, and each battery by one wagon. all headquarters and other wagons, except those above mentioned, will be left here, and will be taken charge of and brought forward by one brigade, which General Ward will detail from his command for that purpose. The troops, except this brigade, will push on ahead of these wagons.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Asbury Station, N. C., April 12, 1865 - 11. 50 a. m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have driven Wheeler in confusion in upon the rebel infantry. Hoke's division. They have a long wagon train and are fighting stubbornly. The infantry was passing through this place yesterday and all last night. The enemy proposes to fight at Hillsborough. There arre two good roads to Hillsborough from a point about two miles this side of Raleigh. I shall press them hard.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,In the Field, April 12, 1865.

Major DAYTON:

MAJOR: I have had some hard fighting to-day, from Swift Creek to this point on the railroad, six miles from Raleigh. I have intercepted Hampton and am now driving him in toward the rive. I hope to either capture or force him across the river. I send you some gentlemen, messengers from Governor Vance. Hampton refused to let them pass to you and requested me to allow the train to return to Raleigh, but I simly told them that I could not let them return till they had seen you. The rebel army is now marching through Raleigh. I will move early in the morning and as soon as I find any force in front I shall flank it and move to the left or south of Raleigh, but I think as Johnston is in full retreat and his cavalry unable to hold me in check, I can do no better than drive directly in his rear as he marches nearly as fast as I do. Please write me full instructins. The rebel cavalry will fight some for Raleigh. I should like very much to take it.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Gulley's, April 12, 1865 - 7 p. m.

General KILPATRICK:

Your note is received. Certainly you may go into Raleigh to-night and press Johnston's rear. I want him to go toward Greensborough,

