
and I will cut across to Charlotte via Ashborough. Cut across the rear of his column, right and left. I will come to Raleigh early. Keep me advised of the direction of Johnston's retreat as often as possible.

Yours, in haste,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

IN THE FIELD, April 12, 1865.

Major-General KILPATRICK:

SIR: The train came down by permission of Lieutenant-General Hardee, under flag of truce, with a request that I would send a communication into your lines. But circumstances have prevented the transmission of this communication, and I have to request that you will allow the train to return to Raleigh.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Smithfield, N. C., April 12, 1865 - 7. 45 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have received your orders for the movement on Raleigh, and also your note directing me to continue my movement toward Chapel Hill if Johnston retreats from Raleigh. My pontoons are just now comong up and I hope to get them laid by 10 o'clock. I will then push forward as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

P. S. - The news from Grant is glorious beyond parallel. I hope Johnston will follow Lee's sensible example in a few days.

J. M. S.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,April 12, 1865 - 6. 30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I am near the road from Elevation to Raleigh, as represented on our maps, and a mile south of Middle Creek. Cox is with me. I expect Terry to-night about four miles south of here on the same road. Cox has made eighteen miles to-day, and Terry, I suppose, sixteen. The road after crossing the Neuse has been very good. I have heard nothing of the enemy, but Slocum's bummers have been all over the country, and my men have not been able to get a pound of anything. If they can't be kept on their own side of the creeks I will have to take a wider front. I shall look for orders from you before morning, but if they do not come I will move across Middle Creek on the Raleigh road and there find a road to the left between Middle Creek and Swift Creek.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

