
peace makes this more than ever reprehensible. Division commanders will take the most vigorous measures to put a stop to these outrages, whether committed by men of this command or by stragglers from other corps. Any one found firing a dwelling-house, or any building in close proximity to one, should be summarily shot. A sentinel may be left by the advance division at each inhabited house along the road, to be relieved in succession from the other divisions as they come up, those left by the rear division reporting to the train guard and rejoining after the next halt.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Turner's Bridge, April 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General CARTER,

Commanding Third Division:

The general commanding directs me to say that only one section of the supply train will follow the corps across the river, and that he desires about one-fourth of Colonel Sterl's brigade to accompany it as guard, leaving the rest of the brigade on this side of the river to guard the balance of the trains until they are ordered forward, which will probably be in a day or two.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, N. C., April 12, 1865 - 8. 30 p. m.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatches of 6. 20 and 7 p. m. I am surprised that there is any enemy at all in your front, and take it for granted it can only be cavalry and probably in small force at that. A portion of Kilpatrick's cavalry passed along the Elevation and Raleigh road toward Raleigh to-day, but I have learned nothing definite of his operations, and have heard nothing from General Sherman to-day. General Cox has his head of column on the Raleigh road about a mile from Middle Creek. I suppose you will strike the road about four miles south of here. If you do not hear from me again before morning turn your column this way, where you strike the Raleigh road, and move forward until you overtake General Cox. By that time I will probably be able to give you more definite instructions.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, N. C., April 12, 1865.

The corps will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the Second Division leading. Until further orders one wagon load of intrenching tools will follow each brigade of the command.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

