
are here ready, on their arrival, to take them to Beaufort, N. C. The Nineteenth CAorps has been discontinued. As soon as it is determined what troops are to remin in West Virginia I think they should be consolidated as the EighthCorps.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

MOREHEAD CITY, March 25, 1865.

(Via Fort Monroe, 27th. Received 12. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here this morning. Th harbor is crowded with vessels loaded with supplies. A vessel which has been missing for some time with 140,000 pairs of stickings and some shoes, much needed, has arrived at Hilton Head, and the eclothing has beensent for. Clothing ordered fromFort Monroe to replace this has arrived. The Euterpe brought a stock from Washington, which will be unloaded and sent to the front immediately, and this will relieve, I understand, the most pressing necessities of the troops. The railroad from this place to Goldsborough is open. A train astarts from that place to- day. it was occupied by Schofield on 21st. Sherman is expected here this evening or in the morning. The dock at this place is being rapidly extended. Thus far the landing of supplies has been delayed for want of room at the docks, which have been occupied by vessels loaded with railroad stock ad materials. General Easton and Geneal Dodge are here to- day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General and Brevet Major- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPI,In the Field, Goldsborough, March 25, 1865.

General EASTO,

Morehead CIty:

I will come down with Colonel Wright. Have a steamer to take me to City point; only four in the party. if the navy has a good guaboat doing nothing I would ask for it. 	i wasnt to see General Grant and return at once; to be absent not to exceed five days.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- Geneal.
HDQRS. MOKITARY DIVISILON OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, March 25, 1865.

Colonel GARBER,

Kinston:

I think 2,000 tons a week should come by water to Kinston and thence hauled in wagons to our camps. This will help the railroad till we get it stocked, and our mules can make one round trip a week and thrive. So keep that line movin g whilst Colonel Wright pushes his railroads from Morehead City and Wilmington. We are doing finely now.

W. T. SHEMAN,

Major- General.

