HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. AMES,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to state that at the time that the marching orders were issued he supposed that your First and Third Brigades would be able to move together in the morning. As it appears that such will not be the case, the hour of commencing the march will be postponed to 7 a. m., in order to give Daggett's brigade an opportunity to move at the same hour with Colonel Granger's. If the late arrival of Daggett's brigade should render further changes necessary such will be made in the morning.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 12, 1865 - 1. 45 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Northeast Bridge:

Who is in command at Northeast? How many men have you? Give me promptly any news you hear from above. Let me know the moment the train comes in sight. Captain Marble should be on it. If he has any important news telegraph it.

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 42. Hilton Head, S. C., April 12, 1865.

On March 7, 1865, a party of colored soldiers and scouts, thirty in number, commanded by Sergt. Major Henry James, Third U. S. Colored Troops, left Jacksonville, Fla., and penetrated into the interior through Marion County. They rescued 91 negroes from slavery, captured 4 white prisoners, 2 wagons, and 24 horses and muled; destroyed a sugarmill and a distillery, which were used by the rebel Government, together with their stocks of sugar and liquor, and burned the bridge over the Oclawaha River. When returning they were attacked by a band of over fifty cavalry, whom they defeated and drove off with a loss of more than thirty to the rebels. After a long and rapid march they arrived at Saint Augustine on March 12, having lost but 2 killed and 4 wounded. This expedition, planned and wxecuted by colored men under the command of a colored non-commissioned officer, reflects great credit upon the brave participants and their leader. The major-general commanding thanks these courageous soldiers and scouts, and holds up their conduct to their comrades in arms as and example worthy of emulation.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

