
up. General Blair had so bad a road last night that he reached a point only about two miles north or Mitchener's Station. I except him at Battle's Bridge to-day. I presume you are at Raleigh, as there is no firing.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 90. Neuse River Mills, N. C., April 13, 1865.

Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move at 7 a. m. to-morrow to and beyond Raleigh, with all trains in rear of the entire corps. An officer from these headquarters will designate the ground on which the corps will encamp. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will lay his pontoon at Battle's Bridge and move to-morrow at an early hour, passing through Raleigh. all trains of the corps will move in its rear. The ground for encampment will be pointed out by an officer from these headquarters. As soon as everything is across at Battle's Bridge the pontoon bridge will be taken up and will follow its command.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Wilder's Plantation, N. C., April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that I left my camp of last night at 6 a. m. to-day, movng out after General John E. Smith in the direction of Raleigh. My advance was considerably delayed from the fact that I spent consiederable time in corduroying the road over which I was passing, doing this to facilitate the moving of the trains that were following in my rear. When within some three miles of the Neuse River I struck the main Releigh road and found the Fourth Division of this corps movng on it, following the rear of General smith. However, I moved my division along the left of the road, crossing over the Neuse River with the Fourth Division, and camping about one mile and a half beyond the bridge on the right of the Third Division. My headquarters are near those of Department of the Tennessee.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Numbers 66. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Wilder's Plantation, N. C., April 13, 1865.

I. In compliance with instructions from superior headquarters foraging on the country will cease from this time forward, except in the manner as prescribed in orders from department headquaters, viz, by regiments or brigades. No minor parties will be allowed, and brigade commanders are directed to dismount forthwith all mounted foragers that may have hitherto been permitted in their commands. Colonel Catterson, commanding Second Brigade, will detail from his command

