
one regiment to forage for the division, reporting to these headquarters the regiment and name of the commanding officer. During the next six days this regiment will be expected to forage at least two days' rations for the entire division, collecting from the country wagons to transport the subsistence stores gathered in. These wagons will be turned over to the regiment succeeding that furnished by Colonel Catterson, which will also be governed by the instructions given in this order. This division forage detail will arrest any and all other foragers that may be discovered through the country belonging to this division, sending them to these headquarters under guard. The officer commanding this detail will be furnished from these headquarters with the strength of the command, and he will issue to the brigades pro rata accordingly.

By order of Bvt. Major General C. R. Woods

FRED H. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hinton's Bridge, N. C., April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command during the day: Broke camp near Pineville at 5 a. m., and waited unitl 5. 30 a. m. for section of pontoon train, which was, in accordance with orders from superior headquarters, to move with this division. It failing to arrive, I moved forward as rapidly as possible (in advance) on Raleigh road via Neuse Mills; crossed Neuse River at Hinton's Bridge, and encamped at 1. 30 p. m. one mile west of river on Raleigh road. On the arrival at ---Creek, five miles from Pineville, it was necessary to rebuild a bridge seventy-five feet in length, which delayed the column one hour. The command is encamped in line on the south side of the main Raleigh road fronting west, artillery and trains in rear of the First Brigade, and these headquarters in rear of the center of the line, near Parton's house. Distance marched, fifteen miles.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Neuse River, N. C., April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the movements of my command for the 12th instant as follows: Breaking camp at 5 a. m. I crossed Little River, and moving via Lowell Factory, traversed the Raleigh road to Pineville, near which place my command went into bivouac at 10. 30 p. m., having marched sixteen miles, most of the distance over heavy roads, requiring considerable labor before trains could be passed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

13 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

