
the city will move with the corps. The men on duty here will be relieved by General Shofield during the day, and as soon as relieved will be ordered forward to the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C., april 13, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that the roads are not very bad, and that your camping ground is selected. He wishes you to reach here with the trains, if you think it practicable, but leaves it to your judgment. He would like to know the state of your progress and whether you think you can get here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, April 13, 1865 - 8,30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: My advance is two miles beyond the town on the Hillsborough road, heavily engaged with Wheeler and Hampton's combinedforces. Wheeler had his headquarters in town last night. Notwithstanding the town was surrendered to me by the mayor, and the assurance from General Hampton in writing that not a shot would be fired, my staff was fired upon from the state-house yard and corners of the street. We soon cleared the town, however. Johnston's infantry, the rear, left yesterday and is marching to Hillsborough. Davis is at Greensborough. Stoneman has cut the road in rear of Greensboroug and between danville and Greensborough.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, April 13, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Yours of 11. 50 a. m. is received and quite satisfactory, and the general wishes you to keep pushing the enemy. To-night the general will infrom you of the coming move. The columns are closing up here now. Have you captured any railroad stock? No further news.

I am, &c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

