HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,Morrisville Station, N. C., in the Field, April 13, 1865 - 3 p. m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have pressed the rebels back two miles beyond this town on road to Chapel Hill. His cavalry is totally demoralized. We have taken barricade after barricade of the strongest character and with but little loss. Prisoners and citizens report the rebel transportation in very bad condition. I have been scattering Wheeler's cavalry all day, driving it off upon the side roads. I have captured three trains, without the engines, of about seven cars each, loaded with stores of different kinds taken from the wagon trains, which they had evidently come down to relieve. We dashed on an engine and a portion of my people was within 100 yards of it, but the enemy was too strong for them and it escaped. I have captured a large quantity of corn, shelled, on the cars at this point, fully sufficient for my command. The cars are in good condition, roads are bad. I have marched a long ways to-day and fought over nearly every foot of ground from Raleigh to this point. I shall rest my command and allow it to close up. Colonel Jones, of the First Brigade, is now quite heavily engaged some two miles out. The following dispatch has just been received from Hillsborough, N. C., by my telegraph operator:

General J. JOHNSTON:

Fighting constantly has been going on near Salisbury. It is reported the Yadkin bridge is burned.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -Three hundred wagons passed through here to-day.

J. K.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, April 13, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have been out and am just back, and hasten to answer yours of to-day. I have two locomotives here, and will send one up the road to bring back the cars you have captured. Please have pickets along the road so as to advise the conductor where to stop. I will take all day to-morrow to close up our trains and to draw out on the new line of operations, of which I will fully advise you to-morrow. Rest your animals to-morrow, or confine your operations to mere feints, and be ready for wokr the next day. I think may expect General Sheridan down soon. I think I can force Johnston to disperse his army or accept battle in a few days, and will proceed as fast as I can get troops into position. we will hold Raleigh, and repair roads and telegraph back to Goldsborough.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

