
SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Goldsborough, N. C., Numbers 38. March 25, 1865.

I. The general commanding announces that he will be absent a few days on most important business concening the future. During his absence Major- Geneal Schofield will execise supreme command, and it is announced that the rank of the general offaicers according to th4e rules established by the War Department is: First, Major- General Schofield; second, Major- General Howard; third, Major- Geneal Slocum.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistnat Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT AND FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 71. Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

* * * * * *

VIII. The local headquarters of the Army opf the Tennessee will be established at New Berne, N. C., with Captain Samuel L. Taggart in charge of the offiace.

IX. Inasmuch as many offaicers of this command, lately serving with the Provisional Division of the Army of the Tennessee, connected hitherto with Major- Generala Sfchofield's amry, have become accountable for ordnance and ordnacne storesfor which they cannot make satisfanctory returns to the proper department, they willforward tothis office a full and complete statement of their liabilities, upon which, if certified to upon hounor, steps may be taken to relieve them of responsibility.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL ORDRES, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 77. Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. In accordance with instructiosn from the commalnding general of the army direting corps commandes to use every exertion to fully equip and supply their commandss with the least possible delay, it is hereby ordered that each division commander shall hold an inspection of his command, and erepot thrugh his several staff officers to the heads of the resepctive staff deartments at theseheadquarters as to the requirements of the troops and o tier divisions, to fully equip the same to sustain another and approaching cmpaign. As far as possible the trasportation of the corps will be refgitted, the ambualnce corps and trains reogazized and place upon the basis of War Deaprtment orders, the emen being chosen for his branch of the service with a view to their peculiar fitness for the same, and the troops willbe re- collected, and when necessary and practivable furnished with new accountermaents in place of those worn out or destoyed.

By orde of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

