
strike the trains about where they come into the Elevation and Raleigh road. We will all have to move on the same road for some miles at least, but I will hunt for roads, so that we can spread out again as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, N. C., April 13, 1865.

The corps will march at 7 a. m. to-morrow, the Third Division leading. If the supply train, which is expected to reach this from to-night with one day's rations for the command, does not arrive the march will probably be postponed until the train shall be brought up.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., April 13, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

SIR: I inclose herewith orders for Brigadier-General Birge. The commanding general directs that in case General Birge is not in Goldsborough you will proceed at once to carry out the orders to him, informing him of the orders you have received and your action.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., April 13, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. BIRGE,

Commanding First Division, Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will please move the brigade now at Goldsborough, or the main part of it, to this place without delay, leaving a small garrison at Goldsbrough. I presume you have by this time collected at Goldsborough a considerable force, composed of detachments belonging to the several corps of General Sherman's army. The general directs that until further orders this force remain under your command, to be used with your other troops in garrisoning this place and Goldsborough, and in guarding the railroad. I will leave here a regiment or two, to hold the place until you arrive and form a part of your command. You ought to have here from 1,500 to 2,000 men, and about 500 at Goldsborough, with guards at the intermediate bridges. I will constitute your command a district, with headquarters at Raleigh, and will leave instructions for you with the commanding officer of the troops which await your arrival here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

