
HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a memorandum of the movemnts to enable the party invited by the honorable Secretary of War to see the ceremonies at Fort Sumter and to visit the city of Charleston and the forts. As the Rev. Mr. Beecher has been prevented from visiting Savannah, Beaufort, and the plantations, he desires to remain for that purpose several days longer. Not to detain the mail steamer Arago, it will fulfill the instructions given me by the Secretary of the steamer Suwo Nada, now here, is detained for the accomodation of Mr. Beecher and his party. You will please give them choice of state-room, free passage, and subsistence on the Suwo Nada, and order her back to New York in all of next week, according to the wishes of Mr. Beecher.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEAMER ARAGO, Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has given me instructions to the following effect:

The bishop of Savannah has made a bitter complaint that General Gillmore has appropriated a part of a cemetery near that city for fortifications, and has removed, or is about moving, the dead interred there. You will, when you read Hilton Head, investigate the matter, call for a report from General Gillmore, and instruct him to interfere with any cemetery or burial ground unless under an absolute necessity for the proper defense of the city, and in such case to see that the bodies are carefully removed and properly interred in a suitable place, and if possible, under the ccharge of the ecclesiastical authorities, to whom the cemetery or burial ground may belong.

In compliance with those instructions I respectfully request you will give me a report upon the subject for the informaiton of the Secretary of War, in which I should be glad to have you views of the military necessity for using the cemetery, as well as the facts bearing upon the question.

I have the honor to be, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, War Dept., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date informing me that the bishop of Savannah has made to the Secretary of War a bitter complaint that I have appropriated a part of a cemetery near that city for fortifications and have removed the dead interred there. You further state that you are instructed to call for a report from me, and to direct me not to interfere with any cemetery or burial ground unless under an absolute necessity

