
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Colonel S. L. WOODFORD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the South:

COLONEL: In accorance with your communication of this date I have the honor to submit the followinf report relative to the fort now building in the Roman Catholic cemetery near Savannah, Ga.: Shortly after Savannah was taken General Foster sent me to that city to assist in the constructions of a new line of fortifications for the defense of the place. This work was being done by Colonels Poe and Roese and other engineer officers belonging to General Sherman's army. General Foster gave me special instructions to select a site for one or more works to protect the river from hostile batteries in case the city was ever invested. After a careful examination of the ground I selected a small hill commanding the country in every direction, situated at the point where the rebel line of fortifications crosses the Thunderbolt road. On the summit and side slope of this hill lies the cemetery in question. The enemy's works ran along the edge of the cemetery inclosure, and about half way rounf it. This work was called by the enemy Fort Brown. Having completed my examinations, I took the first opportunity of communicating the result of them to General Foster. The interview took place on board the general's headquarters boat, at Savannah, the morning of General Grover's arrival there. General Grover was present at the interview. I stated to General Foster that, in my opinion, the most effectual way of protecting our river communications would be to inclose the rebel Fort Brown for a garrison of 400 men. No decision was made then as I had first to go to Hilton Head for some engineer troops to relieve those belonging to General Sherman's army. About a week after this general Foster returned to Savannah and visited the spot selected by me. The next morning I arrived myself at Savannah, but General Foster had already started back to Hilton e he left the department. On reporting my arrival to General Grover he informed me that General Foster had directed him to have the inclosing of Fort Brown commenced at once. I laid out the lines of the work the next day, although no work was done on it for nearly a week, for want of tools. The details then worked for about two days. General Grover then ordered that a day should be given to allow parties interested to remove bodies. As they had been aware of our intentions for a week previous this was deemed time enough. The next I left for Hilton Head, and General Gillmore, arriving in Savannah, ordered the work to be suspended until he could examine the ground himself. He subsequently visited the site and since then the work has been vigorously pushed, and the fort is now nearly completed. In conclusion I would state that I have never received any orders in writing on the subject.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. R. SUTER,

Captain, U. S. Engineers, Chief Engineer, Department of the South.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SAVANNAH, April 5, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I received yesterday, through Colonel Woodford, an invitation to state what I think ought to be done to repair the injury

