
done to the Catholic cemetery of this city. Here is my answer: The works ought to be stopped at once; the ground leveled as it was before; the walks marched out; the tombstones, railings, and ornaments of the graves restored as they were before; the fence around the cemetery put up again; the mrtuary chapel, which was in progress of erection, built up again, and the expenses of disinterring and interring the dead again defrayed to our Catholics. I decline accepting in exchange for the cemetery any piece of grouns which would belong to parties in the Confederacy. Colonel Woodford informed me that you are a Catholic. The certainly I thus acquired of a fact which I only suspected befroe, increased my grief that the Catholic cemetery should have been desecrated and destroyed by your orders, and it imposes on me the obligation to mark you of the censures of the Church against those who usurp her property and infringe her rights. I trust, therefore, that you will do everything in your power to give God and his church the satisfaction required in this instance, and that you will remember the maxim, "What does it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his soul?"

AUGUSTIN VEROT,

Bishop of Savannah.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron: L

ADMIRAL: A few days since I had the honor to invite you to designate a naval chaplian to offer the closing prayer and benediction at the ceremonies to-morrow in Fort Sumter. I was officially informed yesterday that the Rev. Mr. Storrs, of Brooklyn, N. Y., had been invited by the War Department to conduct this part of the ceremonies. The opening prayer is, upon a like invitation, to be offered by the Rev. Mr. Harris, formerly chaplain at Fort Sumter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1865.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Charleston, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to request, if compatible with the interests of the service, that a gunboat be stationed at Fernandina, as the commanding officer of the District of Florida anticipates an attack upon the place at an early day. Indeed, from what he writes, it may be expetced at any moment.

I shall increase the garrison at that as soon as possible, but some days will necessarily elapse before it can be done.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

