
in regard to other armies; the object being to permit the civil authorities to enter into the needful arrangements to terminate the existing war.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Indorsement to General Sherman's handwriting.]

Received April 14, 12 night. Answered same hour.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Confederate Army:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your communication of this date. I am fully empowered to arrange with you any terms for the suspension of further hotilities as between the armies commanded by you and those commanded by myself, and will be willing to confer with you to that end. I will limit the advance of my main column to-morrow to Morrisville, and the cavalry to the University, and expect that you will also maintain the present position of your forces until each has notice of a failure to agree. That a basis of action may be had, I undertake to abide by the same terms and conditions as were made by Generals Grant and Lee at Appomatox Court-House, on the 9th instant, relative to our two armies; and, furthermore, to obtain from General Grant an order to suspend the movemtn of any troops from the direction on Virginia. General Stoneman is under my command, and my order will suspend any devastation or destruction contemplated by him. I will add that I really desire to save the people of North Carolina the damage they would sustain by the march of this army through the central or western parts of the State.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, April 14, 1865.

General EASTON,

New Berne:

I want the road repaired up to Raleigh and put in order, but no stores sent up till you hear we need them. I suppose Johnston to be about Greensborough and Salisbury, and I must go there, and will endeavor to capture his army and material. Of course he cannot fight mw now, and all I fear is he may scatter his men and escape. We will take vast amounts of railroad stock and other property, because it can't escape us, but it will take time to run to down to the sea coast. Governor Vance sought an interview wi me, [but] before I got his messenger back our cavalry approached Raleigh, and he went off for fear of arrest. I have sent out for him to come and see me, with a promise of safety. Keep General Grant advised of my whereabouts by all chances. The troops are now moving, but I will not go till to-morrow. I will garrison Goldsborough and Raleigh. Send me any news that may reach you. Trains all up and in good condition. I think I will find forage enough, but in any event the grass and wheat fields begin to give us pasturage.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

