
RALAIGH, April 14, 1865.

Colonel W. W. WRIGHT,

Goldsborough:

We have secured two locomotives and twenty-odd good cars, and will send material down to the Neuse River, to which point the road is all good. Work up this way and run a daily train, but I will not want stores for a month, and do not want any sent until ordered from this end. Use the iron north of Goldsborough, viz, toward weldon, and keep up repairs from Goldsborough to Morehead City and Wilmington, and forward to Raleigh. I hardly think we will ever need railroad west of Raleigh.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEW BERNE, April 14, 1865 - 10. 25 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Raleigh:

Your dispatch of this date is received and your orders shall be carried out. We are pushing forweard the Raleigh road with all possible dispatch night and day. Having completed my arrangements for forwarding track material I will go to the front to-morrow morning.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Chief Engineer, and General Superintendent.

GOLDSBOROUGH, April 14, 1865.

(Via Fort Monroe, 6 p. m. 15th.)

Major ECKERT,

Washington:

Sherman occupied Raleigh yesterday. Our line will be working there to-day. Have started Mack home; will try to let Wortman and De Forrest go soon.

R. O'BRIEN.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, Numbers 55. 1865.

The next movement will be on Ashborough to turn the position of the enemy at Company's Shops in rear of Haw River bridge and at Greensborough, and to cut off his only available line of retreat by Salisbury and Charlotte.

I. General Kilpatrick will keep up a show of pursuit in the direction of Hillsborough and Graham, but be ready to cross the Haw River on General Howard's bridge near Pittsborough, and thence will operate toward Greensborough on the right front of the Right Wing.

II. Ther Right Wing, Major-General Howard commadning, will move out on the Chapel Hill road and send a light division up in the direction of Chapel Hill University in connection with the cavalry, but the main columns and trains will move via Hackney's Cross-Roads and Trades Hill, Pittsborough, Saint Lawrence, &amp;c., to be followed by the cavalry and light division as soon as the bridge is laid over Haw River.

III. The Center, Major-General Schofield commanding, will move via Holly Springs, New Hill, haywood, and Moffitt's Mills.

