
IV. Th Left Wing, Major-General Slocum commanding, will move rapidly by the Aven's Ferry road, Carthage, Caledonia, and Cox's Mills.

V. All the troops will draw well out on the roads designated during to-day and to-morrow, and on the following day will move with all possible rapidity for Ashborough. No further destruction of railroads, mills, cotton, and produce will be made without specific orders of an army commander, and the inhabitants will be dealt with kindly, looking to an early reconciliation. The troops will be permitted, however, to gather forage and provisions as heretofore, only more care should be taken not to strip the poorer classes too closely.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DOIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865 - 12 m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commadning Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief is just in receipt of dispatches from General Johnston, C. S. Army, which are tending to the end of making unnecessary our contemplated long march. You will, therefore, by his direction to-morrow place one corps of your command at Morrisville and the other at Jones' Station, and then await further firections from him before continuing the march. The general will go to Morrisville for further communication.

I have the honor to be, with respect, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 91. Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

I. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will move his command at 6 a. m. to-morrow to Morrisville, by roads to the north of Crabtree Creek, sending a light division up in the direction of Chapel Hill University in connection with the cavalry. In the absence of further orders to the contrary this division will continue its march to Chapel Hill and rejoin the main column at the crossing of Haw River, near Hackney's Cross-Roads.

II. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow to Jones', by roads south of Crabtree Creek, being careful to clear the intersection of the road to Holly Springs at as early hour as possible.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Raleigh, N. c., April 14, 1865.

The general commanding has noticed with regret frequent instances of straggling, under one pretense or another, allowed by company and regimental commanders. No soldiers should be permitted to leave the

14 R R - VOL XLVII, PT II

