HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Goldsborough, N. C., Marc 25, 1865.

Major MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistnat Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 41, current series, from corps headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command the 23rd and 24th instant: Breaking camp at 6 a. m. the 23rd instnat, I moved from lmy works near Mill Creek upon a road leading to the right, and connecting the Bentonville and Smithfield roads, to its point of intersection with the latter; thence to the left upon this road, crossing the Goldsborough road and Falling Creek, near the banks of which I placed my command in bivouac, having marched ten miles. On the 24th instant I broke camp at 7 a. m. and continuing forward on the same road, crossed Neuse River, moving from thence through the city of Goldsboarugh and two miles to the east of it, taking up a position on the Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad, my right resting on the same, with tow brigades in line and one in reserve, which position I am making defensible by works which are being rapidly constructed. My command made a march of eleven miles this instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY COPRS, Numbers 1. Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

The badge now usen by the corps being similar to one formerly adopted by another corps, the major- general commanding has concluded to adopt, as a distinguishing badge for this command, an arrow. In its swiftness, in its surety of striking where wanted, and in its destructive powers when so intnded, it is probably as emblematical of this corps as any design that could be adopted. The arrovw for divisions will be two inches long and for corps headquarters one inch and a half. The First DIvision arrovw will be red, the Third DIvision white, the Furth Division blue; the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infnatry same as the Furth Division, and for coarps headquarters it will be of gold, or expected that every officer an man in the command will, as soon as practicable, assume his badge. The wagons and ambulances will be marked with the badge of their resepctive commands, the arrovw being twelve inches long.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQAURTERS SECOND BRIGADE, Numbers 32. FIRST DIVISION, 17TH ARMY COPRS, Near Goldsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

The colonel commanding takes great pleasure in announcing to this command the fact that during the long and fatiguing campaign just ended no regiment has failed or even faltered in the discahrge of the duties assigned it, whether performing fatigue duty, wading thrugh almost impassablle swamps, or facing the well- aimed shot and shell of

