
ranks without the permission of his immediate commanding officer, given for sufficient reasons, and none should be allowed to leave the flanks of the column, or to straggler ahead of the advance, or in rear of the rear guard. It has been observed that surgeons allow men, pleading sickness for excuse, to go ahead of the column. This will not be allowed in future, and every precaution should be taken to care for the really sick of the corps. Division commanders are charged with the promulgation of this order, and the adoption of such means as will effectually stop straggling and insure a well-closed-up column.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Beaver Dam Creek, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I respectfully report that in accordance with orders received from the major-general commanding the corps, I broke camp this forenoon at an early hour, marching in rear of General John E. Smith. Passing through Raleigh, I continued on the Hillsborough road some three miles beyond town, encamping my division on the west bank of Beaver Dam Creek, and to the right of the road. My headquarters are in rear of the left of my lines.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. WOODS,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command during the day: Broke camp near Hinton's Bridge at 7 a. m., and moved to and through Raleigh, encamping one mile west of town. The troops are in line forting northwest, the left connecting with the Fourth Division near the Hillsborough road; the artillery is parked in rear and near the Second Brigade, and the trains about 1,000 yards in rear, on the west side of the road. These headquarters are on the west side of the road, and nearly oposite corps headquarters. The infantry and artillery were, as they passed through the city, reviewed by Major General W. T. Sherman. Distance marched, six miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my command broke camp near Neuse River Mills at 7. 30 this instant, and moved on the direct road to Raleigh, passing through the city and about one mile to the

