
west of same, where my command is now in oposition and bivouac, with headquarters at the residence of the rebel General Cox. The division was reviewed by the commander-in-chief while passing theough the city of Raleigh at 10. 30 a. m. My command has marched six miles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brevet Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 56. Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

* * * * *

V. The troops of this division will move in light marching order at 6 a. m. to-morrow via Morrisville, N. C. Brigades in the order of First, Third, Second. The only trains to accompany troops will be as follows: Ambulance train, twelve ordnance wagons, three wagons hard bread, regimental and headquarters wagons. The First Brigade and two regiments of Second Brigade marching on the right of trains, battery following advance brigade. The remainder of the trains of this division will be reported by the officer in charge to Brevet Major-General Woods, commanding First Division, to be assigned to his column. Troops must march well closed up. Captain Ben. R. Howell, acting assistant quartermaster, Second Brigade, will take charge of and assign the train which accompanies the troops.

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 96. Near Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

The command will move forward to-morrow morning in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 91, extract I, headquarters Army of the Tennessee, as follows: The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith, commanding, will have the advance and will move at 6. 30 a. m. The Third Division, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will follow the Fourth Division. The First Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding,, will follow Third Division. Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Hughes, commanding Ninth Illinois mounted Infantry, will move forward at 5. 30 a. m. The pontoon train will follow the train of the First Division. The troops will move on the right of the train.

II. The rations now on hand will be made to last thirty days. Division commanders will issue according to the amount they have on hand and the amount foraged. Foraging will be done by detachments in charge of good officers; the size of the party may be regulated by division commanders. Foraging by mounted parties will not be permitted except for the headquarters of divisions or brigades, or mounted organizations. No militia, cotton-gin presses, or produce will be destroyed without orders from these to superior headquarters. The people must be treated kindly and respected. Care must be taken in foraging to leave some provisions for the families, and especial care must be taken with the poor people, not to deprive them of the means of subsistence.

* * * * *

By command of Major General F. R. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

