HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I think it advisable that the Twentieth Corps should proceed direct frim its camp on its march, and not try to oass trough. I will review them at some other place on the march. Please say so to General Mower. General Schofield has 30,000 men, and I know it will be as much as I should attempt to see them pass and ride ten miles afterward. For this reason I ask to be excused from reviewing the corps to-morrow.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Raleigh, April 14, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: This evening I called at your headquarters but did not find you in. The subject I desired to speak to you about is the following: I feel confident I could so a great deal of good it left here in command of a military district, with headquarters at Raleigh. The suppression of the rebellion is so gar advanced that officers in command of departments and districts can and ought to exercise an influence beyond the strictly military sphere. Raleigh is just the place where this would be possibly and desirable. I think I couls exercise such an influence, for many reasons. I am somewhat in the confidence of the President. Having been for many years and in different capacities active in political life, I know the working of the machinery. I could exericise an influence upon the newspapers of this place, and thus upon the minds of the people. Being somewhat acquainted with the views of the President, in consequence of my personal relations with him, I could prevent mistakes and complications. For all these reasons you will not find it presumptuous for me to say that I could, perhaps, do more good here, if placed in a proper position, than any of the general offices that are at present without active commands within your reach. General Slocum tells me that he spoke to you on the subject. He did so without my knowledge. He informed me also of the answer you gave him, and I would not bring the matter again to your attention were it not for the reasons above stated, which you, perhaps, may not have taken into consideration. I do not write to you for the purpose of obtaining employment. General Slocum made me chief of staff of his army to-day, and it would suit my individual taste as well to be in that capacity, active in the closing scenes of the war; but I deemed it a duty to lay the above considerations before you, as it seems to me that in this case the question does not turn upon giving employment to this or that officer. If your deem these considerations unimportant, I shall feel just as well where I am and in performing my present duties.

Pardon the intrusion, and believe me, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

