
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. Jones' Cross-Roads, N. C., April 14, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows: General Walcutt, moving at daylight, will take the road by Holly springs to Aven's Ferry. General Baird, with the supply trains, will follow General Walcutt. Corps headquarters will move with General Walcutt. General Morgan, marching at daylight, will take the road by Shady Grove Church to Aven's Ferry. The pontoon train advancing from Gulley's Station will be admitted into the column at any point it may strike it, and urged to the front.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

The movement of this corps to-morrow will be as follows: The infantry and artillery in the following order, viz, Second Division, with two batteries of artillery, one in rear of the advance brigade, and one in rear of the division; Michigan Engineers; Third division; battery; First division; battery - will march through the city on review order. The troops will leave their present camps at 6 a. m., marching past the Insane Asylum into the city. The trains, with all the cattle herds, pack trains, servants, and everything that it is not desirable to march in review, will march at 6 a. m. on the road to Jones'Cross-Roads. The trains will march in the same order as designated for the troops. They will move out five or six miles, park, and await the troops. Colonel Yates, commanding Michigna Engineers, will detail two companies to march at the head of the train and repair the roads. Lieutenant-General Asmussen, assistant inspector-general, will accompany the train and guide it. Each division commander will detail one regiment to march with the train of his division.

By command of Major General J. A. Mower:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALKRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV OF THE MISS.,In the Field, April 14, 1865 - 2 p. m.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I send Lieutenant Holligsworth, of my staff, for instructions. I have been resting all day, and my command has been well fed and is in good condition. My advance is within nine miles of Chapel Hill. I have a strong scouting party in upon the south of Chapel Hill watching the movements of the enemy. Johnston is evidently moving upon Greensborough, and is taking the direct road through Chapel Hill, leaving Hillsborough to his right. Such is the information I have. The troops that passed up on the cars passed through Hillsborough, making no stop. All the artillery has been shipped on the cars from that point to Greensborough. Johnston's army is deserting

