
him in large numbers. One sharp fight, and he is gone. I was close on his cavalry this morning, and can break it all to pieces the moment they offer me battle.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILLITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, April 14, 1865.

Major-General KILPATRICK,

Commadning Cavalry:

GENERAL: I sent your orders to-day, but now inclose a copy. * You will see I am to put my armywhere, if Johnston tries to pass out by Charlotte, I can strike him in flank, but of he remains at Greensborough I shall capture the whole. All I expect of you is to keep up a delusion, vix, that we are following him via the University and Hillsborough until I get my infantry heads of column across the Haw River, when I want you to cross also and feel out toward Greensborough till I get to Ashborough, when, if he remains at Greensborough, I can approach him from the south and force him to battle, to surrender, or disparse. You will perceive that we save a couple of days by cutting across the bend in the direction of Salisbury. I am very anxious to prevent his escape toward Georgia. If he does go to Georgia we can capture all the rolling-stock and vast amounts of property on the road from Salisbury back to Greensborough. The governor asks me to suspend hostilities and to confer with him. I am willing to confer with hkm but not to suspend hostilities. I will not suspend hostilities till Johnston's army is captured or scattered. General Howard to-morrow will have one corps at Jones's Station and one at Morrison's Station. Next day all move by separate roads for Ashborough. My army is very large, and canot more as fast as Johnston's, whom has the assistance of the railroad. I am in hopes that General Sheridan will come down, when he, with the aid of your cavalry, can get ahead of him and hold him until we get up, when we can make short work of him. The people here manifest more signs of subjugation than I have yet seen, but Jeff. Davis has mroe lives than a cat and we must not trust him. If you reach the University do not duisturb its library, buildings, or specific property.

Yours truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The letter by flag of truce is from General Johnston, which id the beginning of the end. Send my answer at once, and to-morrow do not advance your cavalry beyond the University, or to a point abreast of it on the railroad. I will be up to Morrisville to-morrow to receive the answer, and it may be to confer with General Johnston. The infantry will come to Morrisville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Special Field Order, Numbers 5, p. 208.

---------------

