HDQRS. MILITARY DOVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865 - 12 m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief is just in receipt of a communication from General Johnston, C. S. Army, which is the forerunner to events that may obviate our contemplated long arch. You will, therefore, by his direction to-morrow (15th) place one corps of your command at Holly springs and the other just outside of Raleugh, in the direction of the proposed march, and there await further directions from him.

I have the honor to be, general, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith my Special Field Orders, Numbers 30. The paragrah placing detachments of the three armies under command of General Birge is based upon oral instructions from the general-in-chief. It might be well to have a written order from your headquarters to the same effect. I would also suggest that such men of each army as may not be fit for the coming march be ordered to report to the post commander of Raleigh.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 30. Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

I. Brigadier General H. W. Birge, commanding First Division, Tenth Army Corps, is assined to the command of the District of Raleigh, which will embrace the posts of Raleigh and Goldsborough, with the intermediate railroad, and so much of the surrounding country as may be subject to military control. By direction of Major-General Sherman, commanding Military division of the Mississippi, all detachments belonging to either of the three armies under his command, which are or may be within the limits of this department and in rear of the main army, are placed under the command of Brigadier-General Birge, commanding district of Raleigh. General Stiles' brigade, of the First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, will remain on duty at Raleigh until all armies and trains shall have passed, when it will follow this army as rear guard.

II. The Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, Eighth Tennessee Infantry, and the four companies of the Sixty-third Indiana Infantry, whose terms of service are about to expire, are hereby detached from the Twenty-third Army Corps, and will form a temporary garrison for Raleigh. Lieutenant Colonel D. Morris, Sixty-third Indiana, is assigned to the temporary command of the post of Raleigh, and will report to Brigadier-General Birge on the arrival of the latter at Raleigh.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

