
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 29. In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

V. The army will march through Raleigh to-morrow, the Twenty-third Corps in advance and the reserve artillery in rear, starting from the present camp at 8. 30 a. m. The troops will be reviewed by Major-general Sherman as they pass the State House. After passing the State House the column will take the Holly Springs road and march to a convenient camping ground, the Twenty-third Corps six or eight miles from Raleigh, and the Tenth Corps at a convenient distance in rear. On the following day the column will march rapidly for Holly Springs and Haywood. The Advance will start promptly at 8. 30 a. m. In passing through Raleigh all wagons and ambulances will follow the reserve artillery in the same order as the troops to which they belong, and will continue in this order until the artillery reaches its camp-ground, when the baggage and ammunition trains and ambulances will move forward and join their respective commands.

VI. The Reserve Artillery Brigade, after passing in review to-morrow, will leave the column and park near the seminary on the Hillsborough road. The brigade will remain at Raleigh and form part of the garrison of the place until further orders. The commanding officer will report accordingly to the post commander at Raleigh.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Major-General COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

The commanding general directs that you will leabe the four companies of the Sixty-third Indiana, the Sixty-fifth Illinois, the Eighth Tennessee, and the convalescents here as you proposed. Direct them to report at once to Bvt. Brigadier General I. N. Stiles, commanding Raleigh.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST OF RALEIGH, Numbers 1. April 14, 1865.

I. In pursuance of orders date headquarters First division, Twenty-third Army Corps, near Raleigh, N. c., April 14, 1865, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the post of Raleigh.

* * * * *

I. N. STILES,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 44. Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

I. The Eighth Tennessee Volunteer Infantry will report for duty without delay to Bvt. Brigadier General I. N. Stiles, commanding Raleigh. They will take with them all their camp and garrison equipage. All men belonging to said regiment on detached duty will be relieved and ordered to their regiment at once.

