
II. Companies A, B, C, and D, Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, will report for duty withour delay to Bvt. Brigadier General I. N. Stiles, commanding Raleigh. They will take with them all their camp and garrison equipage. All men belonging to said companies on detached duty will be relieved and ordered to their regiment at once.

III. The Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry will report for duty without delay to Bvt. Brigadier General I. N. Stiles, commanding Raleigh. They will take with them all their camp and garrison equipage. All men belonging to said regiment on detached duty will be relieved and ordered to their regiment at once.

Iv. Captain A. D. Hastings, Company F, Sixty-fifth Indiana Infantry, is hereby detailed in charge of the convalescents of the Third Division, Twenty-third Army corps, and will report without delay to Brevet Brigadier-General Stiles, commanding Raleigh.

By command of Brigadier-General:

H. H. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Raleigh, N. C., April 14, 1865.

Three days' rations wiil be issued to the troops at sunrise to-morrow, which, with such provisions as they may forage, myust last the command for five days, being full rations for one day and half rations for four days. At 9 a. m. the corps will march, the Second Division, leading, and will pass through Raleigh, being reviewed by Major-General Sherman while passing through the city. Every reviewed by Major-General Sherman while passing through the city. Every exertion will be made to cause the troops to make a creditable appearance in this review. The street in which the review will take place will probably admit of the troops marching with company front, and in each brigade the companies will be equalized for this purpose, the smaller regiments being divided into companies of the same size as the larger regiments of the brigade, and the largest regiment being divided as nearly as possible into ten equal companies.

By order of Major-General Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, N. C., April 14, 1865.

One brigade of the Second Division being at the rear in charge of the corps supply train, the Third division will, until further orders, furnish one brigade to escort the baggage train and form the rear guard.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Rlaiegh, April 14, 1865.

General H. W. BIRGE,

Commanding First div., Tenth Army Corps, Goldsborough, N. C.:

The command general directs that you move the main part of the brigade, now at Goldsborough, to this place. The force you have colected from regiments in Sherman's army will be used by you in gar-

