
the enemy. In every instance they have acted bravely, and their efforts have been crownedwith success. For all this he returns to both offiacers and men his warmest thanks. He cannot let this opportunity pass without expressing his tahanks to the officers composing his staff for the faithful, prompt, and intellignet manner they have performed their duties during the campaign.

By order of Milton Montgomery, colonel Twenty- fifthWsconsi,

commanding:

C. B. BALNCAHRD,

Lieutenant, Aide- de- Cmap, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF GEORGIA,Glodsborough, N. C., March 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding directs me to say that in addition to picketing yur front he wishes you to guard the bridges over Little River.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistn t Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Near Goldsborough, N. C ., March 25, 1865.

Division commanders will at once have estimates and requisitions prepared and forwarded for a full supply of all artcles needed to thouroughly equip their commands. The corps must be put in condition for another campign. A full supply of all needed articles can be obtained, and full requisitions should be made. Division and brigade commanders will see that their pioneer corps are furnished with a full complement of tools, and that the tool wagons are filled with serviceable tools. Divislin commanders willdierct their ordnance officers to make a through inspection of all the ammunition in tier trains, replacing such as may be found to be unservicealbe. Division commanders will have all the ground int he vicinity of the cmaps of tier command policed, burying all the offal and dead anumals, and will instruct their commissaries to have tier places for butchering located at as great distacne as practicable fromthe cmps, and to have the offal buried each day.

By command of Brevet Major- Geenral Williams:

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEAAEUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, March 25, 1865.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: Everything has been sent to therear that will at all impede my progress. I have had much hard service and some severe fighting, consequently many of my anumals have been killed, wounded, and disabled.

