
WILMINGTON,

April 14, 1865 - 8. 20 p. m.

Major GRANT,

Northeast:

I cannot well spare your services up there. Telegraph Lieutenant Ferris at General Abbott's, and he will send up what you want. I wish yout to reoccupy your old posts as soona s you can, without overtasking your men. I will have rations sent up for five days. How many men have you?

J. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STEAMER ARAGO, Hilton Head, S. C., April 14, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commadning Department of the South:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 13th instant, in relation to the erection on the Romac Catholic cemetery in Savannah of a portion of fortifications around that city. For the reasons that the works are already finished, that all the bodies have been disinterred and deposited in other places to the necessary extent, and that they cannot be again restored to their former resting place at this season danger to the health of the city, the recommendations in your report are approved by order of the Secretary of war. Please make known to the bishop of Savannah what your recommendation are, and furnish him with a copy of this letter.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, U. S. Steamer Diamond, off Charleston Bar, April Numbers 44. 14, 1865.

Until further orders the headquarters of this department will be at Fort Sumter.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City. April 15, 1865 - 12. 10 p. m.

(Sent 1. 40 p. m.)

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding:

President Lincoln was murdered about 10 o'clock last night in his private box at Ford's Theater in this city, by an assasin who shot him through the head with a pistol ball. About the same hour Mr. Seward's house was entered by another assassin, who stabbed the Secretary in several places, but it is thought he may possibly recover; but his son Frederick will probably die of wounds received from the assassin. The assassin of the President leaped from the box, brandishing a dagger, exclaiming, Sic semper tyrannis! and that now Virginia was revenged. Mr. Lincoln fell senseless from his seat, and continued in

