
flat. The river at this point is about 250 yards in width, and the crossing is a very fine one. I shall send a regiment immediately on the other side of the river. No appearance of the enemy on the other side, except a picket, who left on our approach.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865 - 5 a. m.

Major DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The weather and roads being so bad I am uncertain whether or not the general commanding will wish to have my corps pass in review this morning. Will you please send me word by the bearer whether the general wishes us to pass through the towen or not, under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Raleigh, N. C., April 15, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. W. GEAR,

Commanding Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that this command will not march in review through the town as published in orders, and that the time of starting the column is delayed until 8 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. MOYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,In the Field, Durham's, April 15, 1865 - 11. 30 a.,.

Major L. M. DAYTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have your note. Position one mile from this point on road to Hillsborough. General Atkins must have reached Chapel Hill by this time. Lieutenant-Colonel Godfrey has not yet returned with an answer to your communication. I don't think Johnston can be trusted. I believe his army to be now marching on. Hampton left this point about daylight this morning. We were close on his infantry yesterday at 10 o'clock, and pressing it closely. Johnston's communication to you I suppose was written about that hour. I believe if he can escape he will do so. I shall remain here in accordance with your orders.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

