
soon as the passengers are transferred for New York. Do not trouble yourself any further in the matter than to give the captain of the Delaware such orders as are necessary to carry out this programme. If I don't see you again, good bye; and let me again thank you for the ample and conderate arrangements you have made during our whole visit for our comfort and pleasure.

Yours, sincerely,

E. D. TOWNSEND.

P. S. - Don't forget to send me the letter about Colonel Woodford.

E. D. T.

ON BOARD STEAMER DIAMOND,

Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District, department of the South:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires you to direct captain Sturdevant, assistant quartermaster, to turn over to the Treasury agent all the captured and abandoned cotton in the city of Charleston, subject to such regulations and restrictions as are specified in General Meigs' letter to Captain Ransom, assistant quartermaster, in relation to the cotton captured in Savannah. A copu of the letter may be found in the Army and Navy Gazette.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. N. KIRK TALCOTT,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nedw Berne, N. C., April 16, 1865 - 10 p. m. (Received 10. 45 a. m. 18th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL In the absence of General Webster, chief of staff, I have the honor to forward by Captain Anderson, of the general's staff, the following copy of a telegram just received from the major-general commanding in the field:

RALEIGH, April 16, 1865.

General WEBSTER:

I have appointed to meet General Johnston near Hillsborough to-morrow at noon. I have no doubt we shall arrange the same as made with Lee's army. Keep this to yourself for the present, but notify General Grant by any steamer leaving Morehead City. I will notify you of the result to-morrow evening.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW BERNE, April 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch just received. General Webester is absent, and I have sent it to General Grant by special messenger to-night.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

