
the rebel army report the enemy rapidly crossing Haw Rive, and that his advance had reached the Company's Shops; that his wagon train was crossing at a ford below the railroad bridge, and on the railroad bridge. A citizen has just come in from Hillsborough and reports that Hampton has placed wood and turpentine upon the railroad bridges at Hillsborough, and thet it is his intention to burn them. I have no confidence in the word of a rebel, no matter what may be his position. He is but a traitor at best. Hampton has just sent in word that he forwarded your communication with all possible dispatch, but that he thinks it will be some time before an answer can be received.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK.

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, April 16, 1865.

General KILPATRICK,

Durham's:

GENERAL: I have faith in General Johnston's personal sincerity, and do not believe he would use a subterfuge to cover his movements. He could not stop the movement of his troops till he got my letter, which I heard was delayed all day yesterday by your adjutant's not sending it forward. If he gains on us but this time lost we will make up at the expense of North Carolina. Major McCoy will be with you and will receive Johnston's letter, and I will instruct him to open it and send me contents. My orders are for all to be ready to move. Yesterday the roads were impassable to trains, but if the weather be favorable they will be good to-morrow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

DURHAM'S STATION, April 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Please come in office; very important business.

J. KILPATRICK,

Major-General.

DURHAM'S STATION, April 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The following dispatch has just been received from Lieutenant General Wade Hampton:

Major General J. KILPATRICK, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to arrange for a meeting between himself and Major-General Sherman. In accordance with these instructions, I beg to inquire when and where this meeting can most conveniently be had? I suggest 10 a. m. to-morrow as the hour, and a point on the Hillsborough road equidistant from the pickets of your command and my own, as the place for the proposed meeting.

I am, respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Lieutenant-General.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.

