
Collect all iron on Federal Point and place smae as close to the sea as possible, not to be sumberged during high tide. Move all dismounted and unservicaeble siege guns in and abut Fort Fisher to the sme place, and pile them up, placing vents down, and raising the guns as high fromthe ground as cn caonveniently be done. Take a correct inventory of all ordnance and ordnance stores in ad abut Fort Fisher, and send a copy of same to this office. Take steps to put all the ordnance, save that above specified, in and about the fot in good condition, making requisition on tis office for paints, materials, spare parts, implements, equipments, and 200 rounds of ammunition per gun. All ordnacne and ordnance sotres retined in the fot you eill take up on your papers, making proper returns to the Ordnance Deaprtmetn of same. All servicealbe or unservicealbe ordnance stores not required in the fort, as well as all the field guns, will be moved to the baot landing at Federal point, preparatory to being shipped to this place. Any siege guns mounted on traveling carriages, or traveling carriages for siege guns not in use, will be disposed of in a like manner. This paragraph willbe com; oied with at once, and the undersigned notified accordingly, that the field guns and traveling carriages for siege guns may be plced in the defenses of tis place without delay. You are referred to Tactics fort Heavy Artillery for 1862, and General Orders, Numbers 42, series of 1864, from the War Department, for instructions relative to the above duties.

I am, sir, very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

R. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant, Commanding, Ord. Depot of Wilmington and Cape Fear River.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 25, 1865- 4. 30 p. m.

General CRUFT,

Cumberland:

The sped and safety of trasporting your troops requires that you and your officers abstain from interfering with the arrangements of the railroad company, and rom giving any orders or direction in couflict with the railroad arrangements and regualations. You and your offices and troops are therfore directed to conform with the arrangements and regaultions of the rtailraod company, and not to interfere by order or otherwise with the officers and agents of the company. You will acknowledge tis order immedieately upon reciving it, and regard it as ablsolute and peremptory, and enforce it upon the officers and men of your command .

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretay of War.

Numbers 12 WATER STTION,

BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD,

March 25, 1865. (Received 9. 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Telegraphic order received 9 p. m.

CHAS. CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.

