
CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, Md., March 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, or

Honorable C. A. DANA:

Our officers telegrph that Geenral Cruft gives us as an apology for holding the troop trains upon the line that he does not know the destination of his command. He states that he has telegraphed to Washington to ascertain. Immediate advice will enable us to go forward with this movement, regarding which, by the action of the general, the raod is now much embarrassed.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CAMDEN STTION, March 25, 1865.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I beg to append a telegram just forwarded to Geenral Cruft, now uponthe line of our rtoad in command of the 5,000 troops moving from Parkersburg. To prevetn further delays, may I ask you to issue necessary instructions to General Crift!

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

[Inclosure]

CAMDEN STATION, March 25, 1865.

General CRUFT,

Commandingn, &amp;c., Cumberland:

I am advised that orders issued by you to stop loaded t raisn with troops at various points until troops started in other caonvoys arrive are causing great delays and derangements in working the road. The War Departmetn desires prompt movements of your troops, which can only be accomplished if there is no interference in the running and management of trains. May I ask that you immediately withdraw orders interfering with the officers of the railroad company and allow the trasportation to be conducted promptly and without interference! Serious delays have already resulted from your orders, whih have beeen in conflict with the instructions of our officers.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Wahington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor herwith to furnish you with a copy of my indoersement on a petition from several citizens of Charleston for a commission to decide upon and adjust ctton claims in that city:
HEADQUARTERS DSUTH,Hilton Head, S. C ., March 21, 1865.

My orders to Geenral Hatch are to take possession o all the cotton in Chrleston and hold it subject to further instructions. I have made application for Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Ransom to take cahrge of and transfer the cotton to the Treasury agent as soon as he gets through with similar duties at Savannah. I have no objection to offer to the within petition.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major- General, Commanding.

