HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 19, 1865.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general-in-chief directs me to say that he will review the Tenth Army Corps at the State House to-morow, 20th instant, t 10 a. m., and the Twenty-third Corps on the 21st instant at the same hour of the day. He wousd be pleased to have you and any other officers of your command present.

I am, general, with respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Slocum.)

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. AMRY OF THE TENN, Numbers 15. Raleigh, N. C., April 19, 1865.

Under existing circumstates, as regards the relation between our armies and the people of this State, no more animals or subsestence strores will be taken from the ingabitants without he special direction of division or corps commanders. Great disregard has been shown in many instances to the orders heretofore issued on this subject, and many of the poor people of the surrounding country are entirely deprived of their provisions and of their animals, which are worthless to us, but are invaluable to them to eneble them to raise crops for the subsistence of the people. Extraordinary precautions must be taken by the corps and division commanders to provide against the robbing of the people, and the officers in charge of foraging partioes, which will be sent only to obtain food for animals, must be held strictly accountable that nothing else be taken. Upon application, guards xill be furnished by division or brigade commanders to citizens, at no greater distance, however, than five miles from their camps, and be instructed to arrest all men out of camp without aurhority.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Raleigh, N. C., April 19, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourtheenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that if you deem it advisable you may move your command back to any point that you may select between this city and where you are, leaving one brigade at your present location to guard the bridge over the Cape Fear River. The major-general commanding would prefer that the troops should not be brought nearer than three or four miles from the city.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

