HDQRS, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 19, 1865-12 m.

General GILLMORE,

Hilton Head via Morehead City:

(Care of Captain James.)

I have your dispatch of 1 p. m. of the 17th. The expedition to Augusta is now unnedessary, as all the Confederate armies will be disbanded under a convention made between me and General Johnston. You can hold Branchiville and the Santee bridge and await further orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT, OF THE SOUTH,Charleston, S. C., April 19, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Will you please call the attention of the general commanding to the following: The immense number of negroes flocking into the city threaten us with a pestilence and them with starvation. No adequate steps are taken by General Saxton for their removal and establishment. He complains of want of transportation. Something should be done without delay. I propose to issue a letter to the planters on cooper and Wando Rivers-in it to state that slavery being extinguished, all be allowed to do so, making fair contracts in writing with the people to cultivate the lands in shares for this season. Those who do so will be encouraged and protected as far as military necessity will allow. I do not care about taking this step without the approval of the general, but I think if something is not done, and that immeditely, we will have starvation among the freedmen.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 19, 1865.

Bvt. Major General CUVIER GROVER,

Commanding District of Savannah, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that hereafter all kinds of military duty within you district be justly equalized among the troops of your command, white and colored alike. To secure this in an important respect, you will see that the guard and police duty m the city of Savannah is performed by both white and colored troops. You will make the details from each class according to the number of men for duty of each kind in your command. The major-general commanding further directs you report the date when this order is put in effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

