HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., April 20, 1865-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Raleigh, N. C.:

(Telegraph to Fort Monroe and from Morehead City, N. C.)

If Johnston surrenders his army, or is beaten so as to require no longer the force you have in the State of North Carolina, march Slocum's and Howard's armies to City Point by easy marches. Leave Schofield to occupy the State, and give him all or as much as you think needed of the cavalry. You need not march across with your troops unless you think it necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, V A., April 20, 1865-12 m.

(Received 2,30 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with desptches for yourself and General Halleck from General Sherman, dated Raleigh, 18th instant, containing the conditions of an agreement made that day between General Sherman and the rebel General Johnston at a conference between them held near Durham's Station, twenty-eight miles norhwest of raleigh, and forwarded immediately by General Sherman for your consideration. I leave here for Washington in half an hour on the Keyport, dispatch boat. All was well at Raleigh, and the armies were to maintain the status quo for the present. Our cavalry headquarters were at Durham's Station. The bulk of the rebel army had crossed the Haw River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 20, 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Greensborough:

GENERAL: At your request I send you by Major Saunders several written and printed copies of an order* I have made to this army, which announces the cessation of hostilities, &amp;c. I dispatched a steamer from Morehead City yesterday for Charleston, with orders to General Gillmore to cease all acts of destruction, public or private, and to draw Generals Htch and Potter back of the Santee. Also, by 11,30 a. m. yesterday Major Hitchcock was on a fleet steamer at Morehead City, carrying a request to General Meade to check the movements of his army on Danville and Weldon, so that I hope your people will be spared in the Carolinas, but I am apprehensive of Wilson, who is impetous and rapid. If you will send by telegraph and courier a single word, he will stop, and them the inclosed order will place his command a point convenient to our supplies. I send you a late paper, showing that in Virginia the State authorities are acknowledged, and invited to resume their lawful functions.

Your, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Special Field Orders, Numbers 58, p. 250.

---------------

17 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

