
nights they watched and signaled from their station in the Ogeechee River, sending up rockets without number and making demonstrations of various kinds in order to attact the attention of the fleet supposed to be lying off Ossabaw Sound. At 4 o'clock on the evening of the 13th of December their efforts were crowned with success, and communication by signals waas opened with one of the gun-boats Admiral Dahlgren's fleet. Captain Taylor reported to me at Beaufort, S. C., in the early part of January last as chief signal officer of this army, and although there has been but little for him to do in his own department, yet he hs made himself useful as an acting aide-de-camp. I desire to express my high apprecation for their valuable services and to thank them all for the energy exhibited in their own branch of the service, and I assure them that their courage, zeal, soldierly bearing, and couresy, which has been displayed through long months of campaigning, will not be forgotten.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. c., April 20, 1865-2 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel JOS. S. GAGE,

Commanding Mounted Infantry, Morrisville, N. C.:

Withdraw the regiments of mounted infantry to-morrow morning to good cmps on Crabtree Creek.

By order:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Raleigh, N. C., April 20, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth Division:

Return to the city with your command to-morrow morning.

By order:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIELD ORDERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 58. Morrisville, N. C., April 20, 1865.

I. The troops of this division will march to Raleigh, N. C., to-morrow breaking camp at 9 a. m. Brigades in the order, First, Second, Third. Battery will follow the leading brigade. The trains will move in order of their respective commands, under charge of Captain Howell, acting assistant quartermeter, Second Brigade, with one regiment from the Third Brigade in rear of same. Jamison's pieneers to move in advance of the colum. Men will not be permitted to leave thee ranks without permission from their commanding officer.

* * * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General John M. Corse:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

