HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Aven's Ferry, Cape Fear River, April 20, 1865.

Major General CARL SCHURZ,

Chief of Staff, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no change in my camps since yesterday. Nothing of importance has occurred.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, FIELD ORDERS, Aven's Ferry, Cape Fear River, N. C., Numbers 33. April 20, 1865.

During the pending armistice, or until further orders, the troops of the corps will be disposed as follows: General Morgan will move his division to-morrow morning and will encamp them near Holly Springs. General Baird will select more advantageour positions for his camps in the vicinity of his present location, and will encamp his troops in them to-morrow. General Walcutt will retain his command in their present positions, but will keep one regiment at Aven's Ferry, with a strong picket on the opposite bank of the Cape Fear River. Colonel Moore, commanding pontoniers, will move his command and encamp them within the limits of General Walcutt's lines. Division commanders will each resume the charge of their own trains, and will park them with their commands. Corps headquarters will be located to-morrow morning at Holly Springs. Major Houghtaling, chief of artillery, will move his command to Holly Springs, reporting to these headquarters.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Collin's Cross-Roads, April 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Please say to the general commanding the corps that as soon as he has determined upon the general neighborhood in which he will locate this division that I would like to ride out and ledect camping grounds. I wish to get into an open country where the camps, when established, can be overlooked by the brigade commanders, and where we can have some drills and exercise to keep the men from straggling into the coutry. We also want a much larger supply of water, both for cooking and washing, than we can obtain near here. A change from this place is also desirable to relieve the poor inhabitants, who have been stripped of almost everything they possessed. In a new camp, particularly if the trains go back to their respective divisions, and provided we are not more than one day's march from the railroad, I think we could get along on the least trespassing upon citizens. Where I now am is the poorest ground for camping that I have had in a great while.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

