
territory belonging to it, sent for the approval of the President, is received. I read it carefully myself before submetting it to the Presindent and Secretary of War and felt satisfied that it could not possibly be approved. My reasons for these views I will give you at another time in a more extended letter. Your agreement touches upon questions of such vital importance that as soon as readI addresed a note to the Secretary of War notifying him of their receipt and the importance of immediate action by the president, and suggested in view of their importance that the entire cabinet be called together that all might give an expression of their opinios upon the matter. The result was a disapproval of the negotiations altogether, except for the surrender of the army commanded by General Johnston, and directions to me to notify yiu of this decision. I cannot do so better than by sending you the inclosed copy of a dispatch* (penned by the late President, through signed by the Secretary of War) in answer to me on sending a letter received from General Lee proposing to meet me for the purpose of submitting the question of peace to a convetion of officers. Please notify General Johnston immediately on receipt of this of the termination of the truce and resume hostilities against his army at the erlist moment you can, acting in good faith. The rebels known well the terms on which they can have peace and just when negotiations can commence, namely, when they lay down their arms and submist to the laws of the United States. Mr. Lincoln gave the full assurnces of what he would do, I believe, in his conference with commissioners met in Hampton Roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 21, 1865-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Rochmond:

The memorandum or basis of arrangemetn made between General Sherman and General Johnston are disapproved by the President, and General Sherman is ordered to resume hostilities.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSE,Near Greensborough, N. C., April 21 1865-9,30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

(Care of Lieutenant-General Hampton.)

I transmit a dispatch just received by telegraph from Major-General Wilson, U. S. Army. Should you desire to give the orders asked for, in the same manner I beg you to send them to me through Lieutenant-General Hampton's office. I hope that for the sake of expedition you are willing to take this course. I also send, for your informationo, a copy of a dispatch received from Major-General Cobb.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

