
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 21, 1865.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON, Hillsborough:

Transmit to Major-General Sherman the following dispatch, dated headquarters Cavalry Corps, Military Division of the Mississippi, Macon, April 20:

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

(Through headquarters General Beauregard.)

My advande received the surrender of this with its garrison this evening. General Cobb had previously se3nt me, under flag of truce, a copy of a telegram form General Beauregard declaring the existence of an armistice between all the troops under your command and those of General Johnston. Without question the authority of this disptch or the application to my command. I could not communicate orders to my advance in time to prevent the capture of the place. I shall therefore hold its garrison, including Major-Generals Cobb and G. W. Smith and Brigadier-General Mackall, prisoners of war. Please send me orders. I shall remain here a reasonable length of time to hear from you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brevet Major-General.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

NEAR GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 21, 1865-9,30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HAMPTON, Hillsborough:

Transmit to Major-General Sherman the following dispatch, dated April 20, Macon:

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

On receipt of your dispatch of 11 o'clock to-day I sent flag of truce to General Wilson, with copy od same, and informing him that I had issued orders to carry our armistice, desisting from military operations, requesting an interview to perfect arrangements. The flang met the advance fourteen miles from the city. Before hearing from it this advance moved on the city, and having removed my pickets, were in the city before I was aware of their approach. An unconditional surrender was demanded, to which I was forced to submit, under protest. General Wilson has since arrived, and holds the city and garrison as captured, notwithstandingmy protest. He informs me he will remain in his present position a reasonable length of time to hear from his dispatch to General Sherman, sent to your care.

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 21 1865.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Confederate Army:

GENERAL: I send you a letter for General Wilson, which, if sent by telegrahp and courier, will check his career. He may mistrust the telegraph, therefore better send the original, for he cannot mistake my handwriting, with which he is familiar. He seems to have his bood up and will be hard to hold. If he can buy corn, fodder, and rations down about Fort Valley it will obviate the necessity of his going up to Rome or Dalton. It is reported to me from Cairo that Mobile is in our possession, but it is not minute or official. General Baker sent in to me wanting to surrender his command on the theory that the whole Confederate Army was surrendered. I explained to him or his staff

