
officer the exact truth and left him to act as he thought proper. He seems to have disbanded his men, deposited a few arms about twenty miles from here and himself awaits your action. I will not hold him, his men, or arms subject to any condition other than final one we may agree on. I shall look for Major Hitchcock back from Washington on Wednesday and shall promptly notify you of the result. By the action of General Weitzel, in relation to the Virginia Legislature, I feel certain we will have no trouble on the score of recognizing existing State governements. It may be the lawyers will want us to difine more minutely what is meant by the guaraney of rights of person and property. It may be construed into a compart for us to undo the past as to the righst of slaves and "leases of plantations" on the Mississippi, of "vacant and abandoned" plantations. I wish you wuld talk to the best men you have on these points and if possible let us in the final convention make these points so clear as to leave no room for angry controversy. I believe, if the Southd publicly declare what we all feel, that slavery, is dead, that you would inaugurate an era of peace and prosperity that would soon efface the ravages of the past four years of war. Negroes would remain in the South and afford you abundance of cheap labor which otherwise will be driven away, and it will save the country the senselees discussions which have kept us all in hot water for fifty years. Although strictly speaking this is no subject of a military convention, yet I amhoneslty convinced that our simple declaration of a result will accepted as good law everywhere. Of course I have not a single word from Washington on this or any other point of our agreement, but I know the effect of such a step by us will be universally accepted.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 21, 1865.

General JAMES H. WILSON,

Commaning Cavalry, Division of the Mississippi, Macon, Ga.:

(Through General J. E. Johnston)

GENERAL: 	A suspension of hostilities was agreed on between General Johnston and myself on Tuesday, April 18, at 12 noon. I want that agreemetn religioulsy observed, and you may release the generals captured at Macon, occupy ground convenient, l and contact for supplies for you command, and forbear any act of hostility until you hear or have reason to believe hostilities are resumed. In the meanitime, it is also agreed the position of the enemy's forces must not be altered to our prejudice. You know by this time that General Lee has surrendered to General Grant the rebel Army of Northern Virginia, and that I only await the sanction of the President States. You will shape your conduct on this knowledge unless you have overwhelming proof to the contrary.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

After the above is telegraphed this original should be sent General Wilson as rapidly as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

