HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 25, 1865.

Major General P. M. B. YOUNG,

Commandingn Confederate Forces, Augusta, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that about two weeks since Mr. or Captain Girardey presented himself before my lines at Savannah, Ga., with a request, understood to be in your name or by your authority, for a personal interview with myself. I suggested in reply that he should forward me a sealed letter communciating the nature of the business on which he came, but he declined to do so, simply stating that it was in confimity with the known policy of my Government, or words to that effect. I went to Savannah with the intention of affording to Captain Girardey the opportunity of a personal interview, but he had left for Augusta. I have the honor to inform you that I will see in front of the lines at Savanah any offaicer or other person who brings frjom yourself a requaest for an interview.

Very respectfully, your obedient srevant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savanah, Ga., March 25, 1865.

Major-General GILLMORE:

SIR: I did not send your communication to General Young by the flag- of- truce boat, thinking you would not wish me to do so, as it only concerned aninterview between yourself and Major Gherardi [Girardey], who had gone when I received the communication, but I will do so by the next boat. I received no telegram from you yesteday. Please tell me what dispatches you refer to in your last.

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savanah, Ga., March 25, 1865.

ASSISTNT ADJUTANT- GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH:

The flag- of- truce boat which went out to arraange the preliminaries with regard to the exodus of the families of the rebel officers has not returned yet. There is a flag of truce now at my lines sent by General Howell Cobb, at Maocn, Ga., to arrange for the delivery at some point, near Savannah, on the Altamaha River, abut 5,000 Union prisoners. Shall I return the flag and shall I make any arrangements in the case, or wawait your instructions! By the provisions of the cartel for the exchage, these preisoners were to have been exachaged at Mobile, but the offier bearing the flag says their communications with Mobile are not good. For the same reasons it would be exceedingly inconvenient for us to recive them at the Altamaha River. We might recive them on boats at Fort McAllister, I think, without inconvenience.

C. GROVER,

Commanding.

