
of that dark day upon which our noble flag received its first insult from treason, and which had been specially set apart by Executive order as day for its for its triumphant restoration to the of its former humilition, and while the heart of the nation, buoyant with the renewed hopes of an early and a lasting peace, was overflowing with emotions of fraternal forgiveness toward its wors enemies, the handof the stealtthy assassin was invoked to perform the dredful deep. Language can but feebly portray the enormity of this crime or the infamous guilt of those at whose instigation it was committed. The murderer and his abettors will alike be consigned to the execration of making for all time. Befitting ceremonies will doubtless be order by the War Department as a tribute of respect for the memory of our lamented chief. Meanwhile, in the discharge of our present duties to our country and to our fellow men, let us emulte his transcendent worth as a man, his zeal and fidelity as a patriot, and his consistency of conduct and conscientious discharge of duty as a public officer.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The major-general, commanding directs that you send Colonel Chipman with such part of his regiment (the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops) as is now in your command to hold the railroad bridge across the Santee River. General Potter will be direct to have that part of the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops which is now with him join Colonel Chipman at the railroad bridge as soon as possible. The post at this bridge will be under Colonel Chipman, and will constitute part of your command. General Potter is ordered to cease all further destruction of public and private property within the rebels lines, and to return to Georgetown, or march down to Charleston, as may be in his judgment most feasible. The orders to General Potter are sent to you with this. You will forward them to him as soon as possible by flag of truce. General Gillmore designs to occupy Branchville as soon as General Potter's force is available. You will receive further orders as to this. General Sherman, under date of the 19th instant, telegraphs from Raleigh that he concluded a convention with General Johnston subject to approval of the terms at Washington, whereby the Confederate armies are to be disbanded, and in his judgment lasting peace will be secured. He directs that our forces in this department ease all further destruction of public and private propery. While you are to execute this order liberally, still the major-general commanding directs that you suppress every mani festion of rebellious or disloyal feeling within you command. He has learned, unofficially, that there are some expessions of gratification in Charleston at the cruel murder of late President, and that you sumarily arrested the offnding parties. He commends this action and desires you to compel a decent and quiet behavior on the parti of all residing within your lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat.

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

18 R R-VOL XLVII, PT III

