
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER,

Commanding Expeditionary Force, Central South Carolina:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on the 19th instant Major-General Sherman, who was then at Raleigh, N. C., instructed me that he had concluded a convection with General Johnston, subject to an approval of the terms at Washington, whereby the Contederate armies are to be disbanded, and in his (General Sherman's) indgment a lasting pleace will be secured. Until such approval is obtained or further orders received a cessation of hostilities within this department is ordered. You are accordingly instructed on the receipt of this to cease from all further destruction of public and private property. You will forhwith return to Georgetown or march down to Charleston, as may in your judgment be most feasible. You will, after receiving this order, conduct your march as if in a friendly country, observing, of course, suitable prec nations against surpise or treachery. You will direct that part of the One hundred and second U. S. Colonel Troops which is with you to join Colonel Chipman and the balance of the regiment at the railroadbridge across the Santee River, General Hatch has been ordered to send Colonel Chipman and such part of his regiment as is with him to form a post at the bridge. This post will constitute a part of the command of General Hathc.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Northern Dist., Dept. of the South, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of April 19, 1865. He desires me to inform you that the teamer Canonicus, after having returned from Darien, Ga., will be at the disposal of Brevet Major-General Saxton, and sent to him with the least possible delay. I am furthermore directed to inform you that you are authorized to issue a letter to the planters on Cooper and Wando Rivers, north of Charleston City, for the purpose and according to the tenor mentioned in your communication of the 19th instant. You will be careful not to act upon the question of the settlement of the freedmen within the territorial limits prescribed in General Sherman's Specia Field Orders, Numbers 15, dated headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, in the Field at savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865, that matter within these limits heaving been by this order specially placed under General Saxton's charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

