HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General R. SAXTON,

Inspector of Lands and Plantations, Beaufort, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you the he has received a letter from Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding the Northern District of the department, in which he states that he proposes to issue a letter to the planters on the Cooper and Wando Rivers, and to state therein that slavery being extinguished, all who desire to be loyal citizen and to reside on their plantations will be allowed to do so, making fair contracts in writing with the people to cultivative the land on shares this season, and that those who do so will be encouraged and protected so far as military necessity will allow. As these rivers and the lands to be affected by this action are north of Charleston, and consequently beyond the territorial district set apart by General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 15, dated January 16, 1865, the major-general commanding has this day paaroved of the proposed action of General Hatch in the following words, which are quoted from my letter to him:

I am furthermore directed to inform you (i. e., General Hatch) that you are authorized to issue a letter to the planters on the Cooper and Wando Rivers, north of Charleston City, for the purpose and according to the tenor mentioned in your communication of the 19th instant. You will be careful not to act upon the question of the settlement of the freedmen within the territorioal limits preserided in General Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 15, dated headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, in the Field, at Savannah, Ga., January 16, 1865, that matter within these limits having been by this order specially placed under General Saxton's charge.

The major-general commanding trust that the proposed action will practically benefit the freedmen in that neighborhood, while it will secure a practical enforcement of the righst of labor to be justly remunerated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Staff, Department of the South.

HILTON HEAD, April 21, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GROVER:

Lieutenant James, of my staff has just arrived from North Carolina with reliable information that Joseph E. Johnston's army has surrendered to General Sherman. I am ordered by General Sherman to make dispositions looking to permantnt peace. Fire a salute of 100 guns at noon to-day in honor of the success.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: This dispatch was received at Fort Pulaski at about 11 a. m., and was brought from there in a small boat. The line gave out last night suddenly and is not working yet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINGSBURY,

Operator.

