
HEADUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Jacksonville, Fla., April 21, 1865.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am arrived here on the afternoon of the 19th and assumed command. The transport Island City being heavy laden I was obliged owing to the roughness of the sea, to take the inland passage. I stoped at Fernandina and inspected. I found that Colonel Tilgman had already sent re-enforcements to that point and that the gun-boat Soloma had arrived on Sunday, so that place was free from any danger. I concluded not to go to Saint Augustine for the present, as there matters, expecially your instructions with reference to the sales of buildings, &amp;c., occupied by the Government, that required immediate attention. I found that Colonel Tilghman had already suspended the sale. I inclose a copy of the order which I issued in the case. * I sent immediately an order to Saint Augustine authorizing the sale of commisary stores to the families as that point. Yesterday two men of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, coming from the block-house, twelve miles from this point, to this place, were surprised and captured by three men. They were conveyed some distance into the woods, their horses and equipments taken, and they released. I think the party was lying in wait to intercept the courier on his way from Saint Augustine. I do not think, after having examined the matter, that the parties belonged to any organized band, but were mere private plunderers, either deserters from the enemy or refugees. I trust you will be able to send me the additional regiment we spoke of. I send you two papers received by flang of truce. You will perceive that Selma and Montgomery have been taken. I learn also that Columbus is in our possession; also, that Stoneman has penetrated North Carolina and taken Salisbury. This cuts Johnston off from his supplies. I also request that a veteran regiment of cavalry 1,000 strong may be sent to this district. I ask force in order to enable me to thoroghly scout the country. The detachment Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry have been relieved and a portion of them I forward by this boat. The remainder I will send by next boat. I will write you again in a few days, and give my views more in detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGNES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

FORTRESS MONROE, V A., April 22, 1865-4 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

As soon as dispatches can be got off for General Halleck and General Sheridan I will start from here for Morehead City.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, April 22, 1865-3,30 p. m.

(Received 5, 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

The truce antered into by Sherman will be ended as soon as I can reach Raleigh. Move Sheridan with his cavalry toward Greensborough,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

