
N. C., as soon possible. I think it will be well to send one corps of infantry also, the whole under Sheridan. The infantry need not go farther than Danville unless they receive orders herefter to do so. *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, April 22, 1865-7 p. m.

General GRANT:

Orders have been sent to Major-General Meade and Major-General Sheridan in compliance with your telegram of this date.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, V A., April 22, 1865.

(Received 12,10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is stated here by respectable parties that the amount of spiece taken south be Jeff. Davis and his partisans is very large, including not only the plunder of the Richmond banks, but previous accumulations. The hope, it is said, to make terms with General Sherman or some other Southern commander by which they will be permitted with their effects, including this gold plunder, to go to Mexico or Europe. Johnston's negotiations look to this end. Would it not be well to put Sherman and all other commanding generals on their guard in this respct.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1865-2,30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram of this morning indicates that Sherman's agreement with Johnston was not know to you. His action is disapproved, and he is ordered to resume hostilities immediately, as his order to Stoneman will allow Jeff. Davis to escape with his plunder. I will write you the details.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

(By telegraph to Morehed City, steamer to Old Point, and telegraph to-.)

Wilson held Macon on the 20th, with Howel Cobb, G. W. Smith, and others as prisoners; but they claimed the benefit of my armistice, and he has telegraphed to me through the rebel lines for orders. I have answered him that he may draw out of Macon and hold his command for further orders, unless he has realon to believe the rebels are changing the status to our prejudice. A brigade of rebles offered to sur-

---------------

* Ass recorde in Grant's letter-sent book. For dispatch as received by Halleck, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 888.

---------------

