HDQRS. MIL. DIST. OF GEORGIA AND SOUTH CAROLINA,August, march 25, 1865.

Brevet Major- General GOVER,

Commandingn U. S. Forces at Savannah, Ga.:

SIR: I have to inform you that your communication relative to the removal of the Confederaate offiacers' wives now in Savannah from your lines is recived. While I potest against the execution of so cruel and barbarous an order, in depariving defenseless women and children of their only homes, it is with pleasure that their friends will welcime them agin to their protection. The point of delivery whci you suggest is entirely satisfactory- Poor Rovin upon the Savanah River- and I will have a truce boat prepared for the reception of sixty persons at that point on Friday next, the 31st instnt, at 10a. m. Upon each successive Friday at the same point and timet he same number will be received until all have been sent through. In regard to the class of persons not embaraced in our orders but wishing to enter our lines as you propose, I would be willi9ng to receive such as may first report their names through yourserlf to me, to be considered and answered by return boat, either favorably or otherwise, as I may see proper, when they can be forwarded int he same manner as the others. I will adopt the same plan in regard to persons wishing to leave our lines to enter yours, if satisfactory to yourself.

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Major- General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 26, 1865.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I approve your Fort Sumter programme. Grant don't seem to know Yeatman very well, but thinks very well of him so far as he knows. THinks it probable that Yeatman is here now for the place. I told you this yesteday, as well as that you should do as you think best about Mr. Whiting's resignation, but I suppose you did not receive the dispatch. I am on the boat and have no later war news than went to you last night.

A. LINCOLN.

GOLDSBOROUGH, N. C., March 26, 1865.

The geat inconvenience and suffering of the different commands of the army under General Sherman, on account of the utter incompetency and inefficiency of the chief quartermaster and commissary on his staff, we, as commandign officers in the amy, are compelled to ask that a cahnge at ocne be made by the commanding general.

Very resepctfully,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major- General, Commanding Sevetnteenth Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OFTHE TENNSSEE,Goldsborough, N. C., March 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

I believe the inconvenience and suffering referred to hs not been due to the commissary departemtn, as it was conducted under the

