
de-camp, with a sufficient guard, is hereby directed to proceed to Franklinton Depot and call upon citizens to assist him in apprehendig to these headquarters every officer or soldier who may be in that section of country without the written authority of an army commander. All citizen beyond the lines and within the district allotted to the Army of the Tennessee, are earnestly selicited to afford our officers in charge of patrols and guards every possible facility for bringing to justice these marauders and stagglers, who are a disgrace to our army and to our country.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

A. M. VAN DYKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

Raleigh, N. C., April 22, 1865.

In pursuance of orders from army headquarters, inspectors of divisions of this corps will immediately proceed to rigidly inspect the trains, camps, quarters, and knapsacks of the troops of their respective commands, for the purpose of discovering and taking possession of all unauthorized property in the hands of the hands of the men, such as ladie's wearing apparel, watches, jewerly, shothuns, silver plate, &amp;c. In order to render the inspection as simultaneous and effective as possible they will take to their assistance the inspectors of brigades of their division and a sufficient number of guards, who will see that no property is hidden, transferred, or otherwise disposed of with a view to evade the inspection. Immediately after the inspection is completed a written report will be made to this office of the results, and all property thus obtained will at once be turned over to that acting assistant inspector-general of the corps. All doubtful questions of title will also be submitted to the office, together with the articles in dispute.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

S. D. NICHOLS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, 15th Army Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Near Raleigh, N. C., April 22, 1865.

I hereby assume command of the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Staff officer heretofore on duty at these headquarters are retained.

By order of R. Rowett, colonel Seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers:

FRED. MOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 22, 1865.

General KILPATRICK, Durham's:

All men of your command are now en route from Goldsborough to this point, or will start this morning.

L. M. DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

