
DURHAM'S, April 22, 1865.

Major L. M DAYTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The train with a dispatch for the flag of truce has not been heard from yet.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 22, 1865.

General KILPATRICK, Durchman's:

The train left here about daylight. Let me know when it reaches you. I could not find your mail.

L. M. DAYTON.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Goldsborough, N. C., April 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

I have the honor to forward herewith copy of order form Major-General Sherman received by telegraph 20th instant, dercting that all men of Fourtheent, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-third Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry be sent to join their proper regiments and corps. In compliance with this order I have ordered the commanding officer of the Provisional Brigade collected and organized here (about 2,000 strong) to report with his command to General Prince, and also commanding officer Fourtheenth Illinois Volunteers. Part of General Prince's Provisional Division marched this morning. The rest of his command, including the Provisional Brigade and Fourteenth Illinois, will march to-morrow morning. The Fifteenth Illinois Volunteers stationed at Neuse River railroad bridge near Smithfield and guarding road between this point and Raleigh will remain until further orders from department headquarters. All men unable to march, but not so sick as to require treatment, will be sent forward by rail as fast as possible. The sick will be sent to hospital. There will remain at this post the Third Brigade of this division, Twenty-second Indiana Batery (assigned to this division), a detachment of Nineteenth Indiana Battery (about seventy-five men), two caissons, battery wagon and forge, no guns or horses, and a detachment of Twelfth New York Cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

RALEIGH, N. C., April 20, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER:

Send all men of the Fourtheenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-third Corps and Kilpatrick's cavalry up to Raleigh to join a copy of this, and he will conduct them by easy marches to this point, where the men can be distriduted. All sick should be left behind, with descriptive rolls.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

