HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 22, 1865.

His Exellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I have the honor to recommed that the following-named regular officers of my staff may be promoted by brevet in their several corps and regiments for faithful and meritorious serveces in this war, now, it is hoped, about to be closed, viz: Colonel C. L. Kilburn, assistant commisary-general of substintence, and chief commissary of subsistence Department of the South; Captain C. W. Thomas, assistant quartermaster (major of volunteers), chief quastermaster Department of the South; Captain Leslie Smith, first lieutenant, U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters, Depatrtment of the South; Captain Charles R. Suter, Corps of Engineers, and chief engineer Department of the South; First Lieutenant Isaac Arnold, Ordnance Depatrment, and chief of ordnance Department of the South. My reason for asking as above are many. I will only mention four, viz: First. Four of these officers have not received during this rebellion one single advance in the way of promotion other than in their regular order in their own corps. The only exception is Major Thomas, who is a captain in his corps, and is at present serving with the volunteer rank of major, a position which by law he loses the moment he is relieved from duty here. Second. Officers of other depatrments have been largely advanced, but similar favors have not been granted to the same extent to officers of the Depatrment of the South, and where all have served alike faithfully and honestly, though perhaps not so conspicuosly, I am of the opinion like promotion should follow. Third. This acknowledgment of servies, if given, does not give increase of pay without your special assignment, and it is there fore not a pecuniary benefit unless so finally ordered by you: Fourth. All of these officers have not only been instructed with very large responsibility of property, stores, and money, but I have yet to hear of the first complaint against any one of them. Having been the principal officers on the department stff, I am desirous of seeing them rewarded. During General Sherman's stay here be expressed himself, I am informed, as completely safisfied with the prompt and effecient aid rendered to him by these offices, who though quiet and unpretending in their ways of doing duty, yet have been the chief reliance of the commandinducting the administration of this department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 85. Charleston, S. C., April 22, 1865.

I. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops will go into camp on the south side of the Santee River at as near a point to the railroad bridge as the nature of the ground will admit of. Guards will across the river established if possible.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General John. P. Hatch:

E. HARRIS JEWETT,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

