HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAVANNAH,Savannah, Ga., April 22, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the South:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated April 19, with regard to the equalization in proportion to numbers of military duty in the city of Savannah between the white and colored troops, and to report in accordance with your direction that such equalization will go into effect to-morrow. In this connection I would respectfully state that the military duty in this district has always been justly equalized between the white and colored troops, a fact which, I infer form the reading of the communication above referred to, has not been entirely understood at the headquarters of the department. No distrinction on account of color has ever, to my knowledge, been made. The troops doing duty in this city were detailed for permanent guards before the arival of any colored troops and have remained on that duty ever since I took command. The greater part of such duty can only be properly done by permanent details.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

C. GROVER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, April 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General VOGDES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Jacksonville, Fla.:

By a cartel for prisoners, agreed on between Lieutenant-General Grant and the Confederate Government, Mobile and other pinst were desihnated as points of exchange, with a stipulation that other points might be agreed on. Military movements under progress render it impracticable to sent prisoners from Georgia to Mobile at this time. I wish to deliver the prisoners now in Georgia, some 3,000 or 4,000, within your lines. Will you receive them as paroled prisoners, subject to future adjustment with your Government? It is nothing more than humanity would dictate that you should receive them within your lines. My officer will await your answer a reasonable time.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Tallahassee, Fla., April 22, 1865.

Brigadier General I. VOGDES,

Commanding, &c., Jacksonville, Fla.:

I have just now received the following dispatch, viz:

GENERAL ORDERS, GREENSGOROUGH, N. C., Numbers 14. April 20, [19], 1865.

It is announced to the army that a suspension of arms has been agreed upon pending negotiations between the two Governments. During its continuance the two armies are to occupy their present positions.

By command of General Johnston:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

