
tages, rest your men and horses, and in a few dys you will receive either positive information of peace or can infer the contary. My messenger should be back from Washington to-morrow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

UNOFFICIAL.] HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 23, 1865.

Generals JOHNSTON and HARDEE:

I send bundle of papers for you jointly. These are the latest. Telegraphic dispatches are here to the 19th. Young Fred. Seward is alive, having been subjected to the trepan, and may possibly recover. There appears no doubt the murder of Mr. Lincoln was done by Booth, and the attempt on Mr. Seward by Surratt, who is in custody. All will sooner or later be caught. The feeling North on this subject is more intense than anything that ever occurred before. General Ord, at Richmond, has recalled the permission given for the Virginia Legislature, and I fear much the assissination of the President will give such a bias to the popular mind which, in connection with the desire of our politicians, may thwart our purpose of recognizing "existing local governments. " But it does seem to me there must be good sense enough left on this continent to give order and shape to the now disjointed elements of government. I believe this assassination of Mr. Lincoln will do the cause of the South more harm than any event of the war, both at home and abroad, and I doubt if the Confederate military authorities had any more complicity with it than I had. I am thus frank with you and have asserted as much to the War Department . But I dare not say as much for Mr. Davis or some of the civil functionaries, for it seems the plot was fixed for March 4, but delayed, awaiting some instructions from Richmond. You will find in the newspaper I send you all the information I have on this point. Major Hitchcock should be back to morrow, and if any delay occurs it will result from the changed feeling about Washington arising this new and unforeseen complication.

I am, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 23, 1865-8 p. m.

General JOE E. JOHNSTON, C. S. ARMY:

Major Hitchcock reports his arrival at Morehead City with dispatches from Washington, and will be here in the morning. Please be in readiness to resume negotiations when the contents of dispatches are known.

Very respectfully,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 23, 1865.

SUPERINTENDENTS OF RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH,

Weldon, N. C.:

General Sherman request most urgently that you will put the telegraph wire in working condition from Weldon to connect with the

