
Please give prompt intlelligence of this information to all the officers in command of your forces, as I will immediately extend it along our line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN JENKINS,

Major, Third South Carolina Cavalry, Commanding Advance Forces.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Major JOHN JENKINS,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Orangeburg:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 21st instant announcing that a truce had been concluded between Generals Sherman and Johnston is received. Information had previously been received here from General Sherman that a convention had been the terms of which Confederate armies are to disband. No instuctions have been received to discontinue military operations, but the forces under my command will be instructed to cease offensive operations until the receipt of further instructions form the headquarters of the deparment. In the event of instructions from my superior officer to resume hostilities you will be notified by me.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., April 23, 1865.

Major W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

SIR: Inclosed you will find copies of communications from General Sam. Jones. * I have informed General Jones that I will await instructions before giving him a definite answer; that will agree in the meantime to a suspension of hostilities until I can receive definite instuctions, either party to give twenty-four hours' notice before commencing hostilities, to date from the time notice is given on the picket lines in front of Jacksonville. In regard to the prisoners proposed to be delivered I request an early answer and instructions in the case. Should the general commanding consent to their being received I suggest that boats be sent to transfer them immediately to Hilton Head, as there is no accommodation here for them. It will be necessary to sent rations for them, and I suggest that an officer be sent to receipt for them and to take charge of them. I presume they must have endured much suffering and are much reduced, and humanity would require that they be received, unless instructions have been given to the contrary.

Awaiting an early answer, I remain, yours, very respectfully,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

---------------

* See April 22, pp. 284, 285.

---------------

