SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS Numbers 104. Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. The command will move forward to-morow as follows: The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move forward at 9 a. m. to Jones'; one regiment from the Third Division will move forward at 7 a. m. ; the bridge traind will move forward at the same hour; following the regiment from the Third Division; the Third Division, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding, will follow the bridge train; the First Division, Brigadier General M. F. Force commanding, will follow the Third Divisio; the Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will follow the First Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Near Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

The general commanding highly appreciates the efforts of both officers and men in their proficiency in drill an military bearing. Their personal apperance, and the taste displayed in fitting up in so short a time the pretties camp in this whole army reflects great credit upon the whole command. In review to-day before Generals Grant and Sherman, the two greatest generals of the age, the division acquitted intself in its usual creditable manner. Great labor is requesite to exel in any profession, and particularly so in your present one of arms. Continue to diligently apply yourselves, occupying any idle day in drilling, have regular roll-calls, and attend to all the details of discipline, until your reputation in camp shall equal the one you have so nobly won on the battle-field.

By order of Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith:

AD. WARE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourtheenth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send to this city at once all your emptly wagons and have them loaded with all the coffee and hard bread that you can get. He wishes you to move your corps to the position you previously occupied at Aven's Ferry, marching to-morrow mornitn, and to put your troops ou half rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Holly Springs, N. C., April 24, 1865

Major-General SCHURZ,

Chief of Staff, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The order of the general commanding for the movement of my corps to-morrow is just received. If this movement is intended

