
to be a preliminary one to a general advance in this direction, the present position of the troops is just as good as the previous one. I placed them in their present camp in part with this view. By the time the pontoon can be laid and Walcutt's division, which is at the river, can be crossed, the other two divisions can be easily massed at the ferry. The order for the troops to be placed on half rations has been issued to the command; also, all empty wagons ordered to Raleigh for supplies. I send this communication by Captain Smith, of my staff, who can explain the position of the troops, and will bring back an answer as to whether it will be necessary to Morgan's, after the within explanation, or not. The camps in the immediate vicinity of the ferry are bad. It was for this reasen that his division was the one designated to move to this point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps, Army of Georgia:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding, directs that you cross your command at Aven's Ferry, commencing to cross at 12 m. on the 26th instant, and move rapidly in the direction of Asborough, keeping on roads on the south side of Deep River.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEDAQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

This corps will march to-morrow to Jone's Cross-Road in the following order: First Division, Second Division. General Wiliams will start his command promptly at 7 a. m., the other divisions starting in season to keep closed up to the commands that precede them. The Michigan Engineers, with their tool wagons, will march immediately in real of the advance brigade of the leading division, starting at 7 a. m. The supply wagons of the engineer troops will march with the corps supply an ammunition train, which, without orders to the contrary, will always march in rear of the train of the leading division. The artillery will march immediately in rear of the troops of the leading division. The artillery will march immediately in rear of the troops of the leading division. All wagons of the division supply trains that are not loaded in time to start with the corps will be left here to be loaded as soon as the supplies arrive at this depot, and then follow the corps. The chief commissary and chief quartermaster of the corps will detail such officers of their respective departments as may be necessary to remain with this rain, who will have it loaded and brought forward as soon as possible. Brevet Major-General Ward, commanding Third Division, will detais one regiment as exdort for the wagon train that will be left here to come up in rear of the corps. The commanding officer of this regiment will communicate with Captain Lacey, chief quartermaster, and receive from

