
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions from army headquraters I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that this command will not move to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. TERRY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 24, 1865.

General GILLMORE,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

Send several couriers by diffenrent routes by land from Savannah to General Willson, at Macon, that the truce is at an end hostilities are resumed, and that he will go on and act according to original orders. You will also do the same.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 28. Charleston, S. C., April 24, 1865.

I. Ample time been given the citizens of this district to subscribe to the oath of ellegiance, all person who are at heart in favor of bringing the war to a speedy close by supporting the Government are supposed to have done so, it is therefore ordered, theat form and after May 1 the oath of allegiance will only be administred in this district under the supervision of the district provost-marshal. From that date person wishin to take the oath pescribed by the President of the United States in his proclamation of December 8, 1863, will be allowed to record their names and to apresent such written statement or evidence as they may desire to show why they have not made earlier application. If on investigation no adequate reason for refusing them the privilege is ascertained the oath will be administered and certificates granted.

II. All person holding property, either of absentees or person in rebelion, are required to make a written statement of the same to Capt S. H. Sturdevant, at Numbers 9 Broad street without delay. Any persons who may be convected of secreting such property or of having it in their possession without reporting it, as hereby ordered, will be cosidered as aiding and abetting the enemy and as isloyal, and will be treated accordingly.

III. All passes to go across the lines or outside the pickets at post or stations south of the Santee River are hereby revoked. Persons desiring to renew such passes will apply to the provost-marcshal of the district.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

