
were running about Brunswick or Bladen County probably arose fromthe presence of belated foragers fromMajor- General Sherman's army. To- day about 800 sick leavve for Fort monroe under the asupervision of Doctor Cuyler, medical inspector. There is much need of medical supplies and clothing, especially for the sick, The Sanitary Commission sent underclothing enough for the present. One engine and fouteen platform- cars have arrived here. I am sending si9x of the latter to be put on the railroad above Northeast. major- General Terry captured some rolling sock above and started five cars. By this time ten are running. The six I have ordered up make sixteen. One of the engines found here is now running. The six I have ordered up make sixteen. one of the engines found here is now running I have Captain mcClure, of the engineers, and Captain Blackman assistant quartermaster, at work rebuilding Smith's Creek bridge. I can, by small stemaers, now keep at Northesat or Big Bridge as much freight as the rolling- stock can carry up. Major- General Shemran has sent orders to have all officers and men seeking to rejoin the army sent here, whence they are to be marched, inparties of not less than 500, up the Wilmington and Weldon Rairoad. To- morrow morning I start the One hundred and sixty- n9nth New York Volunteers (about 230 rifles), and about 700 recruits, convalescents, &amp;c., with six days' rations and 100 rounds up that way. There are as yet no signs that the enemy is likely to raid against the railroad. I have but sixteen effectivbe cavlrymen, or I culd protect the surroundeing country much better. With some of the stray horses brought in by the refugees Ishall mount a few of my infnatry. Five thousand or 6,000 refugees still encumber us. If it is possible to get trasportation, I shall rejoice to send several thousnad black to South Carolina, as Major- General Sherman intneded. He also wished to have the whit refugees sent to New York to the care of the commissioners of immigration. It is exceedingly desirable that the trasportation should be afforded speedily. They are devauring our commissary stores and yet we cannot see them die of starvation. Tom make the Wilmington and Weldon Rairolad effective, the first necessity now is a thorough repair of the track above Northeast. I should report that General Terry found at Magnolia the master- mechanic of the Wilmingtona hd Weldon Railroad and set him at work int he miachine- shop at magnolia. He, Mr. McMillan, has been down here to look over affairs. At the suggestion of General Terry, I sent up to Magnolia one of the mawster- mechanics of the construction train, with as many mechanics as he thought would be useful to him. A scouting party found, about ten miles distant, seven or eight boxes of the ship- carpenter's, of whiich the place was strangely stripped, anv we have them in use. We are constntly discovering and gatheing in abandoned peoperty. I have forwareded a telegram asking for information concerning a mustering officer. There are here 300 men from General Sherman's army who are entitled to be mustered out. They caame to escort the refugees. A mustering officer was sent agead of them, but finding no blanks he went away to Morehead City and we hear nothing more of him. I respectuflly ask that a mustering offiacer be permanently stationed here. There are many others in hospitlas, &c., who need the services of one.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Brigadier-Geenral Commanding.

