HEADQUARTERS CITY OF CHARLESTON,Charleston, S. C., April 24, 1865.

Captain L. B. PERRY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Nortern District, Department of the South:

I have the honor to submit the following case for your consideration: On the 14th instant I was informed that the Rev. Dr. Alex. Marshal, of Saing John's Chaplel, had, since the occupation of the city by the U. S. Forces, omitted the prayer for the President which is prescribed in the church service, whereupon I caused the following letter to be addressed to him:
HEADQUARTERS CITY OF CHARLESTON,Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1865.

Rev. Dr. MARSHAL:

SIR: It has been reported to these headquarters that you are officiating at the desk in Saint's Chapel, and that you have not taken the oath of allegiance. Also that you omit the prayers for the President of the United States which are prescribed by the church. You are respectfully request to inform these headquarters whether these allegations are true or false.

By order of William Gurney, colonel One hundred and twenty-seventy New York Volunteers, commanding post:

H. JAMES WESTON,

Captain, 127th New York Volunteers, and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

The next day, Saturday, I was visited by Mr. Marshal, and informed by him that he had substituted the prayer for the President of the Confederate States by authority of our durch, but that since the evacuateion he, not wishing to give any offense, had omitted that prayer altogether. I teld him that no clergyman who omitted that prayer would be allowed to officiate in the city. He then asked, since the time for the Sunday morning service was so near, that he be permitted to hold his service, it being communio Sabbath, and that he would inform his congregation of my order in the case. I informed him that while I could not order his church to be closed, yet I would not allow any clergyman to officiate who omitted from his services the prayers for the President prescribed by the church. On Sabbath morning he again visited me, and made the same request, and substantially the same answer was given. Sunday morning Captain H. James Weston, on my staff, being unaware of the visit paid to me by Mr. Marshal, called on him by a previous direction from me, and was informed that he had explained to his congregation my orders in the matter and dismissed them without holding any service. Tuesday, April 18, 1865, the following letter was received:

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 18, 1865.

Colonel W. GURNEY:

DEAR SIR: In reply to your letter received on Saturday, the 15th instant, containing certain question, I respectfully state that I have since the war (with the authority of our church) been praying for the President of the Confederate States, and since the evacuation of the city considered it proper to omit prayers of a ppolitical character. As I am not able at present to comply with your requirements, I have discontinued my serveces at Saint John's Chapel. I am not yet at liberty to take the oath of allegiance to the United States.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. W. MARSHAL,

Missionry of Saint John's Chapel, Hampsted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GURNEY,

Colonel 127th New York Volunteers, Commanding Post.

