
or shade of opinion approves it. I have not known as much surprise and discontent at anything that has happened during the war. No military news of importance has transpired since your departure. Hancock is here. Booth is still at large. Let me hear from you as frequently as possible. The hope of the country is that you may repair the misfortune occasioned by Sherman's negotiations.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I have been furnished a copy of your letter of April 21 to General Grant, signifying your disapproval of the terms on which General Johnston proposed to disarm and disperse the insurgents on condition of amnesty, &amp;c. I admit my folly in embracing in a military convention any civil matters, but unfortunately such is the nature of our situation that they seem inextricably united, and I understood from you at Savannah that the financial state of the country demanded military success, and would warrant a little bending to policy. When I had my conference with General Johnston I had the public examples before me of General Grant's temrs to Lee's army and General Weitzel's invitation to the Virginia Legislature to assemble. I still believe the Government of the United States has made a mistake, but that is none of my business; mine is a different task, and I had flattered myself that by four years' patient, unremitting, and successful labor I deserved no reminder such as is contained in the last paragraph of your letter to General Grant. You may assure the President I hee.

I am truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Present:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your letter of April 21, with inclosure, yesterday, and was well pleased that you came along, as you must have observed that I held the military control so as to adapt it to any phase the case might assume. It is but just that I should record the fact that I made my terms with General Johnston under the influence of the liberal terms you extended to the army of General Lee at Appomattox Court-House on the 9th, and the seeming policy of our Government, as evinced by the call of the Virginia Legislature, and governor back to Richmond under your and President Lincoln's very eyes. It now appears that this last act was done without consultation with you or any knowledge of Mr. Lincoln, but rather in opposition to a previous policy well considered. I have not the least desire to interfere in the civil policy of our Government, but would shun it as something not to my liking; but occasions do arise when a prompt seizure of results is forced on military commanders not in immediate communication with the proper authority.

It is probable that the terms signed by General Johnston and myself were not clear enough on the point well understood between us; that

