
size and color of their respective divisions, placed in the middle of the flag, with the barb to the apex of the triangle. The flag of the First Brigade of each division will have a white [stripe] three inches wide placed one inch from the pole and running parallel to it from top to bottom of the flag. For the Second Brigade the same stripe will be placed one inch from and running parallel to the top along the whole length. For the Third Brigade the stripe will be placed in the same relative position at the bottom of the flag. The pole of the several flags will be nine feet long. The flag of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will be the same size and material as those for brigade headquarters, with a yellow arrow. The flag of the One hundred and thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops will be the same as that of the First Brigade, Fourth Division.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 105. Jones', N. C., April 25, 1865.

* * * *

II. The movement to-morrow will be via Green Level and Trades Hill to near the Haw River. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will move forward at 5. 30 a. m. The bridge train, Lieutenant-Colonel Tweeddale commanding, will move forward at 6 a. m. Brigadier General M. F. Force, commanding First Division, will detach two regiments from his command, one to move in advance of the bridge train, the other to move with it as guard. The First Division will follow the bridge train. The Fourth Division, Bvt. Major General G. A. Smith commanding, will follow the First Division. The Third Division, Bvt. Major General M. D. Leggett commanding will follow the Fourth Division. The troops will move on the right of the train.

III. Colonel John E. Gurley, commanding One hundred and thirty-fifth U. S Colored Troops, will divide his command among the divisions of the tcorps as follows: To the First Division, three companies; to the Third Division, three companies; to the Fourth Division, four companies. He will assign competent officers to the command of each detachment.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

C. CADLE, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF GEORGIA,

Raleigh, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your command do not move from its present camps (the camps of this evening) until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. P. DECHERT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

