
SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, FIELD ORDERS, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 41. Raleigh, N. C., April 25, 1865.

* * * * *

IX. The army will march at noon to-morrow toward Greensborough, and continue the march rapidly until further orders. General Cox's corps will move via Hillsborough, taking the upper Hillsborough road from Raleigh. General Terry's corps will move via Chapel Hill. Army headquarters will be with General Terry's corps. One section of the pontoon train will move with each corps and will be kept near the troops.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, April 25, 1865.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER:

Please ask the naval commander at New Berne and the quartermaster to know if I cannot have a vessel from there to-morrow evening to run to Fort Monroe. I will go down on the 10 a. m. train in the morning, and would like to start out two or three hours after my arrival.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The steamer Edward Everett will be ready for you to-morrow at any hour you desire. Will you and such of your staff as may be with you dine with me to-morrow? Colonel Whitford, who commands the only rebel organization in this vicinity, has just come to my outer pickets to ask an interview with me. It is my opinion that he wishes to obtain the best terms he can for his command. Shall see him in an hour or two. What terms can I offer him? His command has been for three years in the vicinity of Kinston, but it has of course been much broken up of late.

Very respectfully,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Whitford has come to my outer pickets on the north side of the Neuse to ask for an interview with me. From what I have heard I think he wishes to know what terms he can get in case he disbands his force. Have you any instructions to give me in regard to this?

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

