
WASHINGTON, D, C., March 26, 1865.

Brigadier- General CRUFT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By direction of Major- General Halleck, chief of staff, you will embark your command without delay for Beaufort, N. C., and proceed thence to join Major- General Schofield, to whom you will report for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the trasportation to enable you to comply with these instruactions.

Very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant- General.

WAR DEAPRTENT,

Washington City, March 27, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

Everything goes on smoothly here. We have no news from a any quarter except what comes from General Grant. I send you a copy of the officail orde in relation to Fort Sumter. *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865.

(Received at 4 p. m.)

Honorable SERCRETARY OF WAR:

Yours inclosing Fort Sumter order received. I think of but one suggestion. I feel quite confident that Sumter fell on the 13th and not on the 14th of April, as you have it. It fell on Saturday, the 13th. The first call for troops on our part was got up on Suday, the 14th, and given date and issued on monday, the 15th. Look up the old almanac and other data and see if I am not right.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 27, 1865- 6. 55 p. m.

The PRESIDENT:

My own impression agreed with yours that the surrender of Fort Sumter was on the 13th of Aril, but the officaial report of Major Anderson to the Secretary of War states that he "marched out of the fort on Sunday aftenoon, the 14th instant, with colors flying and drums beating, bringing away private property and saluting my flag with fifty guns. " The attack was made on the 12th, at 4. 30; continued the next day, and during the afternoon of the 13th the surrender w as agreed upon, but the evacuation actualy took place on the afternoon of Sunday, t he 14th. It may be a quaestion what time should be selected to raise the old flag. I should be glad to have your views. I had contemplated the time of actual evacuation on the 14th. Please let me know which you deem most proper, the 13th or 14th.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 34.

---------------

