HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Raleigh, N. C., April 25, 1865.

Admiral DAHLGREN,

Charleston:

I expect Johnston will surrender his army to-morrow. We have had much negotiation, and things are settling down to the terms of General Lee's army. Jeff. Davis and cabinet, with considerable specie, are making their way toward Cuba. He passed Charlotte going south on the 23rd, and I think he will try to reach Florida coast, either Cedar Keys or lower down. It would be well to catch him. Can't you watch the east coast and send word round to the west coast?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

(Copy for General Gillmore, who has the cipher.)

RALEIGH, April 25, 1865.

Captain YOUNG, or NAVAL COMMANDER,

Wilmington:

Please send the dispatches for Admiral Dahlgren and General Gillmore to them by one of your steamers. * Admiral Porter authorized me to call on any gun-boat for such service.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 29. Charleston, S. C., April 25, 1865.

It has been reported at these headquarters that the Rev. Alexander W. Marshal, missionary of Saint John's Chapel, Hampsted, has, in the service at the said chapel, since the occupation of the city by the U. S. forces omitted the prayers for the President of the United States. In a written communication, addressed to the commander of the post of Charleston, he styles the prayer for the President of the United States a political prayer. It is therefore ordered that he be sent beyond the lines of the army, and be forbidden to enter the city of Charleston during its occupation by the U. S. troops without the permission of the commander of the district or department.

It is further ordered that his personal property be confiscated to the use of the United States Government. In punishing the head of the congregation worshiping in Saint John's Chapel the brigadier-general commanding desires it to be considered a warning to those who, attending the services for weeks, so far forgot their duty to their country as not to inform the military authorities of the conduct of this disloyal priest. They are also warned that they will hereafter be marked persons, and any act done or word uttered in justification of his disloyalty will subject them to a like punishment.

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

LEONARD B. PERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

